Bigg Boss 11 : Priyank Sharma GF Divya Agarwal said YES to ENTER the HOUSE on this COST | FilmiBeat
During luxury budget task , the family members of the Bigg Boss 11 contestants visited the house . It was emotional moment for each contestant and their families as they met each other after a long time .
It was surprising for Priyank Sharma , as his ex-girlfriend , Divya Agarwal ( instead of his family ) visited the house . Read on to know as to why the makers chose Divya ?
Divya Had Announced Her Break-up With Priyank As we had already revealed Divya Agarwal was upset that Priyank Sharma never mentioned her as his girlfriend and revealed about his exes to his housemates . Also , she was angry with Priyank 's closeness with his inmate , Benafsha Soonawala . Divya Enters Bigg Boss 11 House After seeing Priyank 's changing behaviour , Divya announced her break-up . The makers took advantage of this and decided to get Divya to the house during the luxury budget task . Bigg Boss 11 Makers Paid Divya , A Huge Amount ! Initially , Divya was hesitant , but it was said that she could n't say no to the makers . According to the latest report , Divya agreed to enter the house as she was given a whopping amount . Was Divya Paid A Whooping Amount To Create Drama ? According to Indiatimes report , `` Divya Agarwal was paid thrice the amount that is to be given to the contestants inside the house to create all that drama . Rumour has it that she denied coming inside the house , but when she was offered a huge sum of money , she agreed . '' Priyank & Divya Had Already Parted Ways ! It has to be recalled that during the task , Divya announced her break-up in the house and Priyank was seen shattered . He was shocked and told Hina that they had already parted ways ! Divya To Enter The House As Wild Card Entry ! Now , there are also reports that Divya will be entering the show as a wild card entry ! Well , it has to be seen as to how Priyank will react to his ex-girlfriend , Divya Agarwal 's entry ! Stay locked to this space for the latest updates of the show ...
Bigg Boss 11 : Nomination Task ! Arshi Khan Takes REVENGE ! Here 's This Week 's Nominations !
In the wake of the Virginia primary contests , it 's time to evaluate the strategy of Our Revolution .
But by getting involved in the process , and winning seats at every level of government , progressives will grind out a slow-motion revolution and transform U.S. politics over the course of years .
Some argue that the energy generated by the Bernie Sanders campaign is a bust when it comes to the punch it can deliver at polling booths . Politico laid out the case in late May , noting that “ nearly a year after Sanders ' presidential run fell short , one thing is missing in the afterglow—a reliable string of victories at the ballot box . The losses are piling up . ”
Virginia 's primary contests on Tuesday added some heft to that jab . Three of the five Democratic candidates endorsed on the national website of Our Revolution ( OR ) , the Sanders-inspired organization whose mission is to cultivate and help elect progressives , lost their races . Most notably , the OR-endorsed candidate for governor , Tom Perriello , lost by about 12 points to Ralph Northam , the state 's lieutenant governor .
That race did n't fall neatly along progressive-versus-centrist lines . Northam , for example , had the endorsement of NARAL Pro-Choice America , which worked against Perriello because , during his congressional career , he once cast a vote against reproductive rights . ( Perriello later renounced the vote . ) Yet , OR , along with Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren , endorsed Perriello based on his platform of economic populism . The defeat extended a string of recent losses by OR-sponsored candidates in relatively high-profile races—Rob Quist for the House in Montana , Heath Mello for mayor of Omaha and Kimberly Ellis for the Democratic Party chair in California . The OR page that tracks the performance of its candidates now lists about twice as many losers as winners .
Last month , OR 's executive director , Shannon Jackson , told In These Times that the organization is “ building the bench—which , I think it 's fair to say , Democrats have not been able to do for a long time. ” OR consists of more than 250 groups , nationwide , which range from a few dozen members to more than a thousand .
“ I think we 're at a big turning point for the Democratic Party , and that 's why Our Revolution is trying to transform the party from both the top down and the bottom up , ” Jackson said . “ And I 'm excited to see more people gain a voice in the party , open it up and make it so that it 's a party of working people and not the elite . ”
Despite the recent losses , OR 's fate at the ballot box is hardly all bad news . On Saturday , one of its candidates , John Courage , won a seat on the San Antonio City Council . A local newspaper described Courage as “ a liberal Democrat with a history of lost-cause races. ” On Tuesday , in the Virginia primary contests , one of OR 's two winning candidates was uncontested .
The other , Elizabeth Guzman , won narrowly on a platform that calls for expanding Medicaid and early childhood education programs , and for strengthening public schools . Guzman is an immigrant from Peru who , by her account , “ juggled three jobs just to be able to afford a one-bedroom apartment , ” eventually putting herself through college and graduate school while raising four children .
Guzman is the kind of politician who is a few people outside of Virginia will ever hear about . Her race attracted none of the national spotlight . What was at stake was just the question of which Democrat would run for a seat in the Virginia House of Delegates . The race was simultaneously meaningless , in terms of national politics , yet momentous . Because one way to look at the revolution that OR proposes is that this is exactly the way it will play out . There will be more losses than victories at the outset , and perhaps few high-profile wins . But by getting involved in the process , and winning seats at every level of government , progressives will grind out a slow-motion revolution and transform U.S. politics over the course of years .
In an era that feels like an all-hands-on-deck emergency at the federal level , that is n't an entirely satisfying vision . And it may not be sustainable . But if there is , in fact , a political revolution , it will likely be achieved through Guzman 's invisible win on Tuesday , and all the organizing that led to it , multiplied across many years and thousands of city councils , statehouses and congressional districts .
America is trying to get through flu season right now . One of the worst seasons in recent memory has people all over the country getting hospitalized and seeking relief .
This also applies to college basketball locker rooms . And West Virginia is getting crushed by the flu right now .
Head coach Bob Huggins spoke to reporters on Friday , including Matt Keller of Blue Gold News , as Huggins described a Mountaineers locker room that has been incredibly sick . Five players are currently dealing with the flu and flu-like symptoms on the eve of West Virginia 's Saturday Big 12 game with Kansas State as Huggins is working with a low-energy roster that could be missing a few players .
Two West Virginia players were hospitalized to receive IVs — including senior starter Daxter Miles Jr . The Mountaineers only had nine fully-healthy players before practice on Friday as they struggled to field two groups to go against each other .
“ Dax is really feeling bad . He 's still sick . That 's been five or six days . He has n't practiced or played and still sounds and looks terrible . We are just trying to survive , ” Huggins said to reporters Friday .
“ Honestly I am just worried about having enough guys to play . I do n't know what all we can do . We are going to dummy through a bunch of stuff , but I do n't know what we can do . I do n't think we have ever had this many guys sick at one time . I do n't think there is any doubt the Iowa State game we had no legs . Try to save as much energy as we can . Hopefully some of them get better . ”
The Mountaineers started this season 15-1 as they were the No . 2 team in the country three weeks ago . Recently in a tailspin , West Virginia has lost five of its last six games — including Wednesday night 's blowout loss to Iowa State . Looking tired and depleted , the Mountaineers gave up 53 first-half points to the Cyclones in that one . Knowing that West Virginia is dealing with a rare case of the flu spreading to this level , it makes sense why the Mountaineers did n't look more like themselves in the Iowa State loss .
Even though the Mountaineer locker room is lethargic and sick , they have an important Big 12 game against Kansas State on Saturday . And the flu is n't the only reason West Virginia has been struggling to pick up wins lately . Regardless of health and energy level , the Mountaineers ' defense has been inconsistent the last several weeks . And they still have n't gotten junior forward Esa Ahmad rolling since his return to the rotation .
Kansas State , on the other hand , has won five of its last seven games . With only losses to in-state rival Kansas during that stretch , the Wildcats are playing with a lot of confidence right now .
West Virginia could really use a win to get its season back on track . But the Big 12 , like the flu this season , is relentless . It 's going to be an uphill battle for the Mountaineers until they are healthy again .
The Board of Supervisors hears from public safety officials before approving the implementation plan and related budget
Public safety leaders outlined for the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors on Tuesday a plan that details the implementation of Gov . Jerry Brown 's “ realignment ” of criminal justice services .
The state will be releasing thousands of low-level felony prisoners as parolees and transferring thousands more to serve remaining sentences in county jails , which will have a huge impact on probation , law enforcement , the District Attorney 's Office , the public defender , the court system and related re-entry programs such as alcohol and drug treatment , public health and social workers .
These people committed non-violent , non-serious felony crimes and are from Santa Barbara County , but the plan has them returning sooner than expected , according to Probation Chief Patti Stewart .
“ They 're repackaged , ” Stewart said .
Sheriff Bill Brown said the crime rates countywide will increase in the short term , as it 's estimated that up to 640 people could be coming to the county under the plan when it 's fully implemented .
“ More felons will be on the street , more will be in early release and there will be more crime locally , at least in the short term , ” Brown said .
The news was unsettling for the board , and Second District Supervisor Janet Wolf urged Brown to “ work overtime , triple time , to make sure that does not happen . ”
Brown said the plan could have positive impacts over time , but reiterated that crime will go up and the local criminal justice system was hurting financially before being burdened with the underfunded state mandate .
“ I do n't want you to be under false illusions , ” he said .
Brown hinted at a plan in the works regarding a new jail , which he says needs to be built now more than ever to house the expanding jail population .
The 14-member Community Corrections Partnership committee that created the implementation plan also urged the board to pursue a constitutional amendment to ensure full , consistent funding . Gov . Brown 's budget identified realignment funding sources for only one year , and the county will receive $ 3,878,876 for 2011-12 .
Statewide recidivism rates — inmates who will reoffend after being released — are nearing 70 percent , and there is inmate overcrowding on every level , which , in addition to the state 's budgetary troubles , contributed to the decision for realignment , Stewart said .
In the budget plan approved Tuesday by the board , along with the rest of the implementation plan , most of the money is dedicated to additional staffing for community supervision of the new parolees — through probation — and enough custody deputies to reopen the Santa Maria Branch Jail full time for the extra 43 beds .
There will be more electronic monitoring — which is no longer a voluntary measure , even now — and response teams to check up on those people in the community who would otherwise be in custody . Brown said there is n't enough money or space to continue traditional custody operations , so alternatives have to be pursued .
It 's estimated that 80 percent of the incoming people could require treatment or another level of intervention for behavioral , substance abuse or mental health issues , but only $ 566,440 is dedicated to mental health services , alcohol and drug treatment , transitional housing , sober living and detoxification efforts , according to the 2011 budget plan .
Some public speakers , including members of the Public Defender 's Office , urged the board to consider investing more in preventive measures such as social workers and drug treatment to keep people out of jail in the first place .
Stewart said there is no funding allocated to city police agencies ; they will rely on enhanced regional efforts .
If the realignment plan is fully and continuously funded , it has potential to change the way the criminal justice system works — for the better , public safety leaders said in the presentation . The county already has a strong re-entry program and support services in place .
Public defender Raimundo Montes De Oca agreed , saying his office already knows many of the returning prisoners , and the system will work together to guide people through the transition from jail to freedom . He said everyone involved wants to help keep the community safe .
The board unanimously approved the budget and implementation plan set out by public safety officials , but asked for specific , monthly performance evaluations to gauge how the plan is working .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Public Safety Realignment
Implementation Plan of Public Safety Realignment
KEY LARGO , Fla. ( AP ) — Climate change is forcing people in the Florida Keys to spend millions of dollars to raise some of their roads as sea levels rise .
The Miami Herald reports Monroe County will elevate the most flood-prone roads in two neighborhoods in Key Largo and Big Pine , while collecting and treating stormwater runoff as well .
County sustainability program manager Rhonda Haag says half of the 300 miles ( 480 kilometers ) of county roads are susceptible to rising sea levels in the next 20 years . Early estimates show raising one-third of a mile of road above sea level could cost $ 1 million dollars in Key Largo and more than $ 2.5 million in Big Pine .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
It 's now or never for Bryce Petty with the Jets .
If that sounds harsh , so be it . But it 's reality .
The words we expected hear from Todd Bowles about Josh McCown were delivered shortly after 3 p.m. Monday .
“ He 's out for the year , '' the Jets coach said of his 38-year-old starting quarterback , who broke his left hand in the third quarter of the Jets ' 23-0 loss in Denver on Sunday and requires surgery .
What 's next for McCown , who was extremely emotional after the game , feeling he was “ letting '' his teammates down ? Who knows ?
But everything that has taken place in the last 24 hours — the injury , the way McCown spoke so emotionally after the game and Bowles ' tone on Monday — sure had a feeling of finality to it .
“ I have respect for him as a player and a man , '' Bowles said Monday in a rare public show of his inner feelings . “ We 'll move on from there , but we 'll forever be connected . ''
So Bowles and the Jets move on to Petty at quarterback . He has these final three games to prove he belongs at least in the conversation as the Jets 2018 starter .
Petty is a nice young player oozing with enthusiasm and someone who has shown signs of moxie and leadership in the small chances he 's had to play . He 's a guy easy to root for , because he 's remained upbeat through numerous setbacks .
But Petty is in his third season with the Jets and , beginning Sunday in New Orleans against the Saints , he 'll have his first true chance to show the Jets he belongs as a part of their future , that he 's more than the backup they 've viewed him as since they drafted him in the fourth round in 2015 .
Petty does n't have to be perfect . He does n't have to go 3-0 ( though that would help ) . As long as he stays healthy and plays in all three games , he 's rewarded with games against the 9-4 Saints , the surging 7-6 Chargers and 10-2 Patriots ( entering Monday night ) the rest of the way .
Petty does have to show more consistency than he has in the seven NFL games he 's played , during which he 's completed just 54.2 percent of his passes for a 5.80 yards per attempt , with three TDs , seven INTs and a 57.9 passer rating .
He has to get the Jets into the end zone , which they failed to do Sunday — the first time they 've been shut out since 2014 .
“ It 's an opportunity for him , '' Bowles said . “ He knows he 's got an opportunity to step up and make plays , and we look forward to seeing him play . He 's been taking notes on the sideline from Josh . ''
Petty showed some encouraging signs of improvement when he played in the preseason . But that was summer and this is December . And his 2-of-9 for 14 yards on Sunday are n't going to be good enough against anyone , let alone some of the league 's elite .
“ Mentally , I know he 's come a long way , '' Bowles said . “ He 's learned a lot from Josh standing on the sideline , but until he plays physically , we wo n't know that answer [ to how far along he is ] . ''
So now the fans who failed to appreciate McCown for all of the things he 's brought to the Jets — on and off the field — get what they want for these final three games of the season . They get a look at the young quarterbacks , Petty and Christian Hackenberg , an exercise a lot of Jets fans wanted in the first place as this season began .
Hackenberg , the 2016 second-round draft pick who 's 29 games into his NFL career , has never taken a snap in an NFL regular-season game . Now he 's one step closer to that and , if the Jets are smart , they get him into some of these final three games — even with Petty starting .
“ I have all the confidence in the world in Bryce , '' center Wesley Johnson said Monday . “ He 's great in the huddle , great in the locker room . He works hard . He prepares like a starter every week . I 'm not worried about him at all . I 'm actually … I 'm excited about the opportunity he can get . I think he 'll do well . ''
So , too , does receiver Jermaine Kearse .
“ I think Bryce is going to come in prepared and he 's going to be ready to go , '' Kearse said . “ His energy is high . His presence in the huddle is there . He has the ability to make tough throws and be able to extend the play . I think that 's on thing that 's going to come in handy for us . ''
It had better . It needs to . Because it 's now or never for Petty .
Primary threats include possible tornadoes , scattered large hail up to 2 inches in diameter and damaging winds with gusts up to 60 mph .
“ A strong storm system will move from the southern plains into and across Middle Tennessee this afternoon . Ahead of this frontal system , as southerly winds pull warm , moist , and unstable air across the mid state as the late morning into the afternoon hours progress , some isolated strong to severe thunderstorms will be possible . Also , as this frontal system moves across the midstate this afternoon , strong to severe thunderstorms will develop along and just ahead of the frontal boundary . Main concerns with any severe thunderstorms that do develop will be damaging straight line winds along with large hail . Isolated tornadoes will also be possible , with one or two of these potentially being strong , across the mid state region , ” forecasters said .
For Wilson County and Nashville , forecasters said the best development window would be between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. , impacting afternoon rush hour traffic . NWS issued the tornado watch around 3:50 p.m .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
This app lets people talk to dead people on their smartphone — no seance required .
A South Korean tech company is using 3D scanning and artificial intelligence to one day allow people to gab — and take selfies — with computer-simulated versions of their dead loved ones .
The “ With Me ” app digitally recreates the dead as avatars using 3D scans that were done while the person was still alive .
A demonstration video of the app taken by the BBC shows a person saying “ I love you ” to a blue-tinted avatar on a screen . It nods and replies in a robotic voice , “ I love you too. ” And it also offers “ kisses . ”
Eun Jin Lim , from app developer Elrois , told the BBC it 's designed for someone “ who has lost in their family . ”
“ That is for my personal experience . I had my grandmother before and she passed away a few years ago but I really , really regret that she passed away and we did n't have any pictures together . I can not take a photo with her anymore so in that case it would be great to use our avatars , ” the developer told the TV station .
She said some people may think the app is odd , but she wants to remember her grandmother “ forever . ”
And she rejected the notion that the app creates phony experiences .
“ It is not fake memories I think because it is 3D , realistic avatars , ” she said .
Interested users have to visit a 3D scanning booth to become an avatar once they die . Cellphones are n't yet equipped with the technology .
Coach Steve Gansey tried to draw a chuckle after the Mad Ants ' 120-109 Valentine 's Day loss that gave them their first three-game losing streak of the season and saw them again fail to close out an opponent in the fourth quarter , become mentally unglued by referees ' calls and send them into the all-star break trying to recapture their early-season magic .
“ I do n't know if everyone is just upset because it 's Valentine 's Day and no one has anyone to go home to or something , ” Gansey said after the Mad Ants squandered a 14-point third-quarter lead to the Canton Charge , which did n't lead until Quinn Cook 's 3-pointer with 6:18 remaining Tuesday in front of 1,912 fans at Memorial Coliseum .
Cook totaled 36 points , including 14 as the Charge closed the game on a 41-21 run to pull within a game of Fort Wayne for second place in the Central Division .
The Mad Ants ( 19-13 ) got four technical fouls for arguing calls of referees Jonathan Sterling , Ryan Sassano and Natalie Sago , plus a technical foul for delay of game and two flagrant fouls , all coming in the fourth quarter except for a technical on Stephan Hicks .
Hicks had 19 points , while Jarrod Uthoff and Ben Bentil had 15 apiece for the Mad Ants , who are off until Feb. 22 at Westchester , New York . Rookie Alex Poythress , who had four points and four rebounds , will represent the Mad Ants on Saturday in the All-Star Game and Dunk Contest in New Orleans .
After a franchise-best start to the season – they had records of 6-0 , 11-3 and 17-9 – the Mad Ants have lost four of their last six games . Julyan Stone , who had 12 points and 10 assists , said the onus for getting the team refocused falls on him and Trey McKinney Jones , who had 14 points .
“ We 've got to go back to basics , at the end of the day , ” Stone said . “ We started out hot at the beginning of the season . We were playing our style of basketball , we were playing just basic basketball , and I think we 've got to get back to that and get that chemistry back .
“ We 've got to be able to close out games , but it 's hard right now . We 're going through a rough patch , losing two out of three and stuff like that . That 's not what good teams do . I think we 're understanding that now . ”
Despite having Rakeem Christmas down from the Indiana Pacers – he had four points , four rebounds and three blocked shots – the Mad Ants fell to 0-2 this season against Canton ( 19-15 ) and are 41/2 games back of Raptors 905 for the division lead .
“ We have to find a way to pull ( a win ) off , whether it 's no officials or officials ( affecting the game ) , ” Gansey said . “ We need to take control and we did n't do that . ”
Eric Moreland had 24 points for Canton , while John Holland added 22 .
jcohn @ jg.net
Local speakers preach power to the people as the Occupy Wall Street movement spreads across the country and the world
The Occupy Wall Street movement reached Santa Barbara this week , with protesters gathering near City Hall and marching along the State Street business corridor all day Monday .
Occupy Santa Barbara , like New York 's movement , has no leader or specific goals , but wants to create a space for community members to talk about problems and possible solutions , according to videographer Penny Little .
She said people need to talk about what can be done locally and come up with specific goals .
“ No movement works without demands , ” Little said .
This weekend , 700 Occupy Wall Street protesters were arrested on the Brooklyn Bridge when they tried to cross it . Many claimed that police officers tricked them by allowing them to cross , appearing to escort them , then trapping them in orange netting and arresting everyone walking in the roadway . The hundreds walking on the sidewalks were n't arrested , and police told news outlets that they had warned marchers to get out of the roadway .
As the movement spreads across the country and the world , Occupy Wall Street participants are holding 24/7 sit-ins and planning a march to Zuccotti Park in New York City on Wednesday .
Protests and marches are fueled by social media , with events streamed live , active Twitter and Facebook statuses and constantly updated websites .
Santa Barbara speakers talked about a range of subjects and led marches along State Street to the Bank of America and Wells Fargo offices throughout the day , but protesters are expected to gather all week . Several people were prepared to camp out in De la Guerra Plaza on Monday night .
Speaker Marcelino Sepulveda said the gap between the top 1 percent of America 's wealthiest and the bottom 99 percent is at record highs , with the top 1 percent owning more than 70 percent of financial assets .
“ We are the 99 percent ” has been a rallying cry at Occupy Wall Street and spin-off movements throughout the world . With a diverse group of protesters and priorities , no clear “ demands ” have been made for any of the movements , but the conversations and participants continue to grow every day .
Sepulveda said people have felt disempowered and not heard while they lose their houses and jobs , so it 's time to discover a way to put people in front of corporate greed .
“ People have nothing left to lose except their chains , ” she said .
As one woman 's sign put it : The system is n't broken ; it was built this way .
Resident Lisa Star got the crowd chanting with her : “ Let 's be free of Wall Street greed , ‘ cuz jobs and schools are what we need . ”
Supreme Court decisions such as Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission , which designated corporations as people for the sake of campaign finance rights , and “ giving the presidency to George W. Bush ” have taken away from the power of the citizenry , according to Marc McGinnes .
“ There 's a big difference between justice and just us , ” he said .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Dallas Stars center Steve Ott ( 29 ) takes a shot on Columbus Blue Jackets goalie Steve Mason ( 1 ) during the third period of play in an NHL hockey game between the Dallas Stars and the Columbus Blue Jackets at American Airlines Center in Dallas , on February 13 , 2011 . Stars lost to the Blue Jackets 2-1 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
Then , they will add someone like Ben Bishop , Steve Mason or Scott Darling . I think Mason becomes an interesting name now because Ken Hitchcock had him in Columbus and goalie coach Jeff Reese had him in Philadelphia . I think they both like him and he 's only 28 and has played in almost 500 NHL games .
Do you think the Stars are going to keep both goalies , get rid of one , or get rid of both ?
Mike Heika , Stars beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News , answers your questions about the team in a live chat recently . Here are some highlights :
He really could be a great project who fits in well here .
I 'm still beating the drum for Dallas to try to get Joonas Korpisalo from Columbus before the June 17 expansion draft , but I think my pleas will not be heard because getting Korpisalo means you probably need to buy out both goalies . I just do n't think they want to do that .
Mike , do you think Hitch is going to keep up this two-goalie system ? I 'm pretty sure he did the same thing with Jake Allen and Brian Elliott in St. Louis .
Heika : Yeah , he said as much . The way it looks now is they will keep Kari Lehtonen and add a UFA goalie , and that will lend itself to using both goalies . That said , I think it will be closer to a 65-35 split than 50-50 . I think Lehtonen will likely become the back-up goalie next season unless he gets on a tremendous hot streak at some point and knocks the other guy out .
How shocked would you be if the Stars took an offensive player with their first pick ?
Heika : Not at all . First of all , the draft lottery gives every team a chance to get the first , second or third pick in the draft . Likewise , the Stars could fall from 8 to 11 if other teams step ahead of them .
So there are a lot of moving parts here .
Jim Nill is an old scout , so he 's going to take the best player available . He also knows these are 18-year-olds and they probably are not going to fulfill any immediate needs .
I think in the 8-10 range , the chances are good they will take an offensive player . And my guess is their second pick might very well be a goalie . It should be fun to watch .
Hitch is a defensive coach . Which player do you think is our best defensive defenseman ?
Heika : Hamhuis was solid last year when he settled in . He reads plays well , and he makes smart little plays .
However , Esa Lindell has ability to be a top shutdown defenseman , and the guess is the Stars will use him in that manner . There could be some growing pains , but he has the ability to go against the other team 's best players all game and still end up a plus-player at the end of the night .
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE FULL CHAT
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
Government was urged to pay more attention to children with cerebral palsy
Mrs Lilian Bruce-Lyle , a Retired Chief Director of Chieftaincy , on Friday appealed to government to ensure that children with Cerebral Palsy are included in the inclusive education policy being rolled out .
Mrs Bruce-Lyle , who is also a Member of the Ghana Federation for Persons with Disability , said Persons Living With Disabilities ( PWDs ) expects government to formulate effective policies to address the implementation of equal opportunities for inclusiveness within all facets of their daily lives bearing in mind the SDG goals 4 , 8 , 10 , 11 and water resources .
Mrs Bruce-Lyle was speaking at a ceremony to mark the celebration of World Cerebral Palsy Day in Accra , on the theme : “ We Move Together : Inclusion Now ” .
She said there was the need for an appropriate national data on the various forms of disabilities in its segregated forms to inform decision makers and stakeholders .
This data , she added , would serve as research and an important tool for effective planning in the governance process .
She said Ghana as well as stakeholders was needed to move together for inclusion in all forms of endeavours to ensure that no one was left behind .
Mr Christopher Agbega , Advocacy Officer , Sharecare Ghana , said parents with children with cerebral palsy in the country face a huge challenge and therefore advocated for early diagnosis and intervention to curb the situation .
He said these were the key issues for prevention and appealed to government and professionals to give the issues more attention to make all Ghanaian children useful and relevant to society .
Ms Amanorbea Dodoo , Representing the Deputy Minister of Gender , Children and Social Protection , said Ghana had a long way to go in helping persons with disability .
She said the most important thing people , especially parents , needed to know as far as cerebral palsy was concerned , was the understanding to be an aid to such persons .
She encouraged the creation of opportunities to enable persons with disability to excel in society . “ People need to focus their attention on people with special needs to help make them people useful in society .
Dr Zenator Agyemang Rawlings , the Member of Parliament for Osu Klottey , also called for a multi-disciplinary approach to deal with cerebral palsy cases in the country .
She said lack of inclusion was one of the challenges and called for a change in law to ensure it was accommodating everybody , adding that , this should begin at the basic level .
“ Let us move together as a society and stay together in ensuring that cerebral palsy among other issues were addressed , ” she added .
Dr Zenator however , acknowledged all stakeholders fighting to ensure the wellbeing of children with cerebral palsy and parents for being responsible towards such children .
“ Let 's put pressure where it is needed to make sure the pace at which we are making Ghana a disability friendly nation is quickened a bit more because life does not move the same way for everyone , ” she said .
World Cerebral Palsy Day is a movement of people with cerebral palsy ( CP ) and their families , and the organizations that support them in more than 60 countries .
Its vision is to ensure that children and adults with CP have the same rights , access and opportunities as anyone else in society .
An independent commission tasked with studying mobility pricing in Metro Vancouver has released a series of maps that show where and how drivers could be charged .
`` We 've just thrown out some examples just to try and understand what the impacts of this could be , '' Daniel Firth , the commission 's executive director , told CTV News .
Three of the seven maps provide examples of distance-based pricing models , including a one-zone model for all of Metro Vancouver where prices would depend on time and location as well as a multi-zone strategy targeting high-traffic areas across municipalities . The commission also offered a two-zone map where drivers would be charged more in Vancouver , Burnaby and New Westminster than the rest of the region .
The four other illustrations suggest busy bridges , tunnels and intersections where tolls could be implemented as part of a strategy the commission calls “ congestion point charges . ”
`` Because we adjust the number of people driving a little bit , that makes it work faster and work better for everybody else , '' Firth said . `` We can get more people through because there 's not as much traffic . ''
The maps come less than a month after a report in which the commission narrowed its focus to these two pricing models .
Firth , however , said the maps are far from finished products and are simply meant to spark conversation as the commission heads into another round of public consultations starting Feb. 22 .
`` We just want to get some first reactions and some first concerns and questions that people have so that we know what more research we need to focus on , '' he said .
The maps do not indicate how much the charges would actually be . Firth said pricing is `` the hardest part of it '' and will require more research and feedback from stakeholders .
`` It needs to be just enough that you 're getting just a few people to change their behaviour without being so much that it makes transportation unaffordable , '' he said .
But several Metro Vancouverites say that no matter the pricing or the model , they will be worse off .
`` I 'm not a fan , '' said Vancouver resident Daniel Kobylka . `` I already pay enough as is—why an additional charge ? ''
West Vancouver resident Donal O'Callaghan said the while he 's not entirely opposed to congestion charges , the pricing models could be a case of `` choose your poison . ''
Based on Firth 's experience with similar initiatives in cities such as London and Stockholm , however , drivers begin to support mobility pricing once it is implemented and “ people see the congestion benefits . ”
Gordon Price , director of The City Program at Simon Fraser University , said Metro Vancouverites are unlikely to face these charges anytime soon .
`` It 's a good time to be talking about it , but I think we 're going to be talking about it for a while , '' he said .
Price said part of what will take time will be reconciling what he called `` fairness issues '' that arise from how differently congestion charges would affect a downtown Vancouver resident as opposed to someone living in Langley , for instance .
`` It 's being able to understand what the fairness issues are and address them in a way where people feel 'OK , you 've heard me , ' '' he said . `` You are going to have to do tradeoffs . This will not be a perfect solution for everyone . ''
Congestion charging has been credited with helping reduce gridlock in major cities such as Stockholm , where traffic decreased by 10 per cent after officials implemented a mobility pricing system .
It 's also uncertain how an NDP government that campaigned on a promise to remove tolls from the Port Mann and Golden Ears bridges will respond to the commission 's recommendations .
In January , Premier John Horgan would not rule out the possibility of bringing in new tolls .
`` The tolls that we removed were in one part of the Lower Mainland and unique to British Columbia , and it was the fairness question we raised during the election campaign , '' he told reporters . `` I 'll wait and see what they have to say and then we 'll act on it . ''
Officials have warned that doing nothing is not an option , given the increasing congestion on roads and public transit in a region expected to grow by more than a million people by 2045 .
The commission , which reports to the TransLink Mayors ' Council , is expected to deliver a more extensive report in April .
In the meantime , people can sign up for updates at the ItsTimeMV website .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's David Molko
Eight killed in China 's restive Xinjiang region
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Why would they want to serve ?
By Mark Luedtke
I 'm confused about the conflict over allowing transgender people in the military . LGBTQ—the letters seem to change every year , and that confuses me too—activists are pushing to become legalized killers and President Trump wants to prevent that . But it seems to me both sides are acting against their interests .
Trump recently banned most transgender people from serving in the military because , according to The New York Times , “ …Defense Secretary Jim Mattis advised him there were ‘ substantial risks ' about personnel who seek to change or who question their gender identity , which ‘ could undermine readiness , disrupt unit cohesion , and impose an unreasonable burden on the military that is not conducive to military effectiveness and lethality . ' ”
That begs the question of how effective the US military is since it won only one war—Grenada—since World War Two .
And I 'm not the only person confused . Pentagon chiefs seem confused too . While Mattis claims one thing , the chiefs of each branch of the military claim another . The Times continues , “ In separate statements over the past month , the chiefs of the Army , Navy and Air Force ; the commandant of the Marine Corps ; and the incoming commandant of the Coast Guard , testified to Congress that transgender service members do not impair the cohesion of military units or discipline . ”
So Trump 's decision was politically motivated , which should surprise no one . All decisions made by politicians are politically motivated .
But if Trump is really against transgender people , his transgender ban makes no sense . Placing them in the military is the best idea . There they can blow innocent men , women , and children to bits , help kill millions , reduce countries to stone age societies , and spend the rest of their lives living with the guilt . They can get blown to bits themselves , lose a limb or two , three , or four , or get PTSD . They would suffer under socialized medicine in abysmal VA hospitals for the rest of their lives .
If you wanted to inflict serious damage on transgender people , you could n't do better . By keeping them out of the military , Trump is doing them a favor .
I also do n't understand why transgenders are pushing to get into the military and get blown to bits . Maybe it 's the free healthcare , but The Times downplays that value . “ As for the Pentagon claim that health care for transgender troops would be unduly expensive , the Palm Center study says the total cost for transition-related health care in 2017 was $ 2.2 million , about $ 12.47 per transgender service member per month , ”
it writes .
The risks laid out above seem too great to justify the additional benefit of $ 12.47 a month to a transgender warfighter .
The Times explains why leftist chicken-hawks want transgenders in the military : “ For years , the military has been an essential vehicle for driving inclusion , integration and acceptance in society—of African-Americans , women , gays and now transgender people . Rationale after rationale was offered for barring these groups . As each proved specious , opponents came up with others . Eventually they all failed , of course . ”
For you conservatives who worship the military , read that again . Your beloved good-old-boy military is really an essential progressive tool for social engineering .
Everything in this story is upside-down because coercive government has turned our society upside-down .
Killing is the ultimate form of exclusion . War contradicts the values of tolerance and inclusion promoted by LGBTQ activists .
Fortunately some queers are talking sense . In an article titled “ Queer anti-war activists challenge military inclusion , ” wagingnonviolence.org writes , “ A few weeks after participating in a Queer Anti-Militarism Town Hall held in Seattle 's Public Library on April 2 , [ trans justice activist Dean ] Spade spoke about how a network of queer anti-war activists is working to undo the mainstream narrative [ promoting LGBTQ inclusion in the military ] . This summer , Spade and trans anti-war activists across the country will coordinate protests and info-booths at Gay Pride events to ‘ offer people real information about military service and what the U.S. military is doing all over
the planet . ' ”
We 'd all be safer , wealthier , and healthier if rulers banned everybody from entering the military and abolished it . A handful of tribesmen riding horses and shooting AK-47s stymied the world 's most destructive military in relatively small , backward Afghanistan . No military would dare to invade the giant , gun-filled , advanced US .
If transgenders want to gain mainstream respect , they should reject military service . The majority of voters voted for peace candidate Trump—hah ! —in 2016 . Support peace .
`` Who am I if not the American Idol guy ? '' Ryan Seacrest asks The Hollywood Reporter in a big new profile that might not exist if Seacrest was n't successful with and known for a great many other television endeavors . Although yes , AI ran 15 seasons on Fox , and Seacrest hosted them all , and Seacrest is almost definitely back for the reboot .
ABC 's new American Idol was announced a little more than a month ago ; rumors of Seacrest 's return as host commenced instantaneously . THR confirms in their widely sourced story that he did have an offer `` almost immediately , '' although with a significant pay cut . ( He will allegedly still earn more than $ 10 million . )
`` I 've always loved the show , '' he tells the mag . `` And if I could do it forever , I would do it forever . '' THR writes that Seacrest 's closest people think `` the idea of being replaced would destroy him . ''
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Trump , Putin , Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
`` Fight the Man . Own The Mountain . '' Powers Into Phase II : Fierce & Independent
ROSSLAND , BC -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - On August 22 , 2016 , RED Mountain Resort launched a $ 10 million crowdfunding campaign on StartEngine.com called `` Fight the Man . Own The Mountain . '' This was the first time a for-profit ski resort explored equity crowdfunding and nobody at RED knew what to expect in Phase I , of the `` Test The Waters '' campaign . As of last Thursday morning ( Feb. 9 ) , RED hit their $ 10MM Reservation Goal -- an historic achievement within the North American ski industry .
`` We went into this campaign feeling that these were uncharted waters , '' says RED CEO Howard Katkov . `` But the response was immediate , passionate , and unequivocal . Our choice to plant the flag for independent skiing and snowboarding during a time of high-profile mergers and acquisitions really resonated . ''
Since launch , `` Fight the Man . Own The Mountain . '' has been featured many times in the mainstream press across North America , and has been covered extensively by ski and snowboard outlets . The videos created for the campaign have so far received over half a million views .
Equity crowdfunding is a new style of investment and RED 's choice to accept a relatively low minimum reservation of $ 1,000 allowed `` everyone from lifties to Learjet owners '' to make a reservation for this unique equity financing campaign . ( And they did ! ) RED 's campaign on StartEngine will continue to take reservations as they prepare their auditing and legal documents to be provided to investors for Phase II , which is scheduled to launch in the Fall of 2017 . You can currently make a reservation here .
`` Our goal was to hit $ 10 million in reservations by April , but we managed to hit that number months in advance . We now sincerely hope that a large percentage of the RED fans that pledged their support will convert their reservations to a real investment when the Phase II launches this fall , '' says Katkov .
There are two exciting aspects of `` Fight the Man . Own The Mountain . '' in investment terms . The first is the `` Last In , First Out '' feature . What this means is that investors in Phase II -- whether they 're in for $ 1,000 , $ 25,000 or more -- would receive their investment back before all previous equity investors . The second is the `` rewards '' associated with each level of investment , from lift tickets , custom skis or snowboards , season and family passes and access to a purpose-built clubhouse and overnight cabins . These rewards are laid out in the StartEngine platform .
RED Mountain is the oldest ski resort in Western Canada and has been the site of many firsts : First World Cup ski race in Canada ; one of the largest terrain expansions in North America in over 40 years… This campaign marks another first -- the opportunity through equity crowdfunding to own a slice of world-class ski resort for as little as $ 1,000 .
`` The groundswell of support from the snow community , the press , and investors has been nothing short of astonishing , '' says Katkov . `` The success of the campaign , thus far , has been a nice reminder of just how passionate and free-spirited the ski and snowboard community really is . It 's been an incredible winter so far and I 've had a number of guests come up to me and say they booked their ski week at RED after hearing about us through the campaign . Some of them invested , some of them did n't , but all of them sensed that we have something special going on in Rossland and needed to check it out in person . And to us , that means more than anything . We ca n't wait for what the future holds . ''
Visit RED 's Crowdfunding campaign page here
RED Mountain Resort
RED is the last great , unspoiled resort . Located in Rossland , BC , 1st stop on Canada 's famous Powder Highway , RED delivers 2,877 acres of pristine , unfettered skiing . RED recently added nearly 1,000 acres of intermediate to advanced terrain on Grey Mountain . With 7.6m of annual snowfall , ( cheap ! ) in-bounds cat-skiing , and the friendliest locals around , it 's no wonder the New York Times voted us their # 8 `` Best Place in the World to Visit in 2013 . '' Other recent wins include Powder 's `` Ski Town Throwdown , '' and `` Most Underrated Resort '' by Skiing . Fresh turns that you do n't have to fight for -- that 's RED .
THIS MESSAGE MAY CONTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION RELATING TO , AMONG OTHER THINGS , RED MOUNTAIN RESORTS ( THE `` COMPANY '' ) , ITS BUSINESS PLAN AND STRATEGY , AND ITS INDUSTRY . THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON THE BELIEFS OF , ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY , AND INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO THE COMPANY 'S MANAGEMENT . WHEN USED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS , THE WORDS `` ESTIMATE , '' `` PROJECT , '' `` BELIEVE , '' `` ANTICIPATE , '' `` INTEND , '' `` EXPECT '' AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS , WHICH CONSTITUTE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS . THESE STATEMENTS REFLECT MANAGEMENT 'S CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE EVENTS AND ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE THE COMPANY 'S ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS . INVESTORS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS , WHICH SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE ON WHICH THEY ARE MADE . THE COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERTAKE ANY OBLIGATION TO REVISE OR UPDATE THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER SUCH DATE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130221/Images/DSC_4265-12_-137cc2f911448266bd3a6b3a525c3ab6.jpg
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Breast cancer survivor Irene Hamidullah . Picture : JOVESA NAISUA
CANCER survivor Irene Hamidullah says after receiving treatment , one can start over and live a new life .
This was after she had a hard time dealing with the possibility that she could be living with cancer .
Ms Hamidullah said in September 2015 , she felt a lump on her breast and decided to get tested .
`` I had a biopsy done in September and I did n't get my results until February 2016 , '' she said .
`` So the waiting period between September to February felt like hell because I did n't know whether I had cancer or not . By the time I got the results , I had already made up my mind that if I did have cancer , I was not going to go through with the treatment . ''
Ms Hamidullah said luckily , her sisters convinced her to receive treatment and offered to provide her with the assistance she needed .
It was after she underwent surgery in March last year that her life came to a turning point .
`` From surgery to recovering , I was under so much stress and it was as if I was physically recovering , but emotionally I was n't , '' said Ms Hamidullah .
`` A time came when I just had to let go of everything , so I started going to church again and I joined Fiji Cancer Society where I met other survivors like myself . ''
Ms Hamidullah said being around people who had overcome the same challenges as her and who were currently going through the same journey was a form of stress reliever and it helped her a lot . She said ever since then , she had been enjoying life , looking after her two children and enjoying the company of other survivors .
She encouraged women not to delay treatment and to be aware that cancer exists and it was their responsibility to ensure they were not at risk .
President Muhammadu Buhari was said to have spoken to President Donald Trump on the telephone on Monday afternoon at the request of the American President .
The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity , Mr. Femi Adesina , disclosed this in a statement on Monday .
Adesina described the conversation between the two leaders as cordial .
He quoted Buhari as congratulating Trump on his election as the US President and on his cabinet .
The presidential spokesman said the two leaders discussed ways to improve cooperation in the fight against terrorism through provision of necessary equipment .
The statement read , “ President Trump encouraged President Buhari to keep up the good work he is doing , and also commended him for the efforts made in rescuing 24 of the Chibok girls and the strides being taken by the Nigerian military .
“ President Trump assured the Nigerian President of US readiness to cut a new deal in helping Nigeria in terms of military weapons to combat terrorism .
“ President Trump also invited President Buhari to Washington at a mutually convenient date . ”
The subject of a bestselling novel speaks candidly about his experiences at a benefit luncheon for the Santa Barbara County nonprofit
The United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County hosted a benefit luncheon Thursday featuring former Olympian and World War II veteran Louis Zamperini .
Zamperini is the subject of New York Times bestselling novel , Unbroken , written by Laura Hillenbrand .
Thursday 's event consisted of a lunch period , a video detailing Zamperini 's life story and Zamperini himself as a guest speaker .
Known as a troublemaker in his youth , Zamperini said he was constantly running from the police in his hometown of Torrance — outrunning them , in fact . Under the guidance of his brother Pete , Zamperini started to channel his fast feet toward honest sportsmanship . He set the high school track record for a mile with a time of 4:21.2 .
At age 19 , Zamperini won a spot on the U.S. Olympic team for the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin . He finished eighth in the 5,000-meter distance event , hoping to redeem himself at what was supposed to be the 1940 Tokyo Olympic Games .
The games never happened because of World War II . Zamperini enlisted in the U.S. Air Force and was stationed in Hawaii . After a rescue mission across the Pacific Ocean went horribly wrong , Zamperini was stranded on a blow-up raft with two other comrades , Russel Phillips and Francis McNamara . McNamara died after five weeks at sea , and Zamperini and Phillips were left to float for two more weeks before the landed on the Japanese camp on the Marshall Islands .
Zamperini and Phillips were taken prisoner and were held in captivity in various Japanese prisons on the mainland for more than two years . They were released when WW2 ended in 1945 .
Zamperini spoke honestly about his experiences in the prison camps , briefly talking about a period after he got home , afflicted by heavy alcohol use and hatred toward those who tortured him at the prison camp . But evident during the talk were his humor and resilience .
“ You know what I ate ? ” he asked the audience , after recounting his arrival at a U.S. military camp . “ Snickers . ”
The event was attended by community members and Boys & Girls Clubs administrators and youths from all over Santa Barbara County .
— Noozhawk intern Frankie Victoria can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Washington Redskins cornerback Josh Norman ( 24 ) and linebacker Zach Brown ( 53 ) tackle Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Chris Conley ( 17 ) during the first half of an NFL football game in Kansas City , Mo. , Monday , Oct. 2 , 2017 . Norman was injured on the play . ( AP Photo/Charlie Riedel )
Update , Friday 1:09 p.m. : Redskins cornerback Josh Norman will be out four weeks with fractured ribs and damage to lung lining , Norman and NFL Network 's Ian Rapoport said . Norman 's earlier timetable had been two to four weeks after he was injured Monday night against the Chiefs . He tweeted Friday it would be four weeks now . Rapaport said Norman fractured his rib and has a small puncture in his lung .
Jay Gruden said on Tuesday that Josh Norman 's rib fracture would have a timetable of 2-4 weeks . https : //t.co/JXlbqb3mkn
The Cowboys play at Washington in four weeks -- Oct. 29 -- and reports said Norman would likely return for the Dallas game or the following week at Seattle .
Norman usually shadows Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant in the division rivalry , an animated matchup the past couple years on the field .
Original story , Monday 11:25 p.m. : Dez Bryant and Josh Norman have been beefing all offseason through some playful commercials . Could the first edition of their on-field feud be in jeopardy ?
Head coach Jay Gruden told ESPN during halftime of the Washington-Kansas City game that the Redskins lost their star cornerback for at least ' a couple weeks ' with a rib fracture . He 'd later say after the game that the CB 's injury will be evaluated in the future .
Follow Prediction Machine on Twitter @ predictmachine
Every 2016 NFL team ranked by sports simulation analysis from the Predictalator
This article originally appeared on PredictionMachine.com
PredictionMachine.com is the leader in sports simulation . Founded in 2009 , its advanced statistical technology is able to hypothetically play a game 50,000 times before it 's actually been played and after each and every play during the live game ( Live ScoreCaster ) . Using hundreds of inputs down to the smallest factor , the simulation engine ( Predictalator ) produces proprietary data available for consumers as well as business partners and media . The technology and algorithms built and tested at PredictionMachine.com are amongst the most advanced in the world of sports statistics and simulation .
Follow Prediction Machine on Twitter @ predictmachine
Santa Barbara landlord Dario Pini may pay as much as $ 750,000 to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by employees of his hotels and motels in three counties , who allege he skirted labor laws involving pay and working conditions .
The lawsuit , filed in December 2011 , represents 467 employees of Pini 's from Santa Barbara , Ventura and Kern counties .
Two of Pini 's former employees , Daniella Todorova and Polina Erokhina , are listed as plaintiffs in the suit , and state that he did not observe wage-and-hour laws protecting his employees , “ including the failure to compensate employees for overtime at the appropriate rate , and failure to compensate employees for missed meal and rest breaks . ”
Todorova worked as the front-desk receptionist at the Villa Rosa Inn and Alamar Hotel from 2006 to 2011 , and Erokhina worked at the same locations from 2009 to 2011 .
Pini himself is listed on the suit , as well as his companies — DLP Management Co. Inc. , DP Investments , Alamar II LLC , Shores Inn and Suites , and Villa Rosa Inn .
Pini is being represented by the law firm Landegger , Baron , Lavenant and Ingber , which did not respond to a request for comment .
Included in the suit are current and former non-exempt employees who worked at Pini 's hotels and motels in Santa Barbara , Ventura or Kern counties from Sept. 27 , 2007 , to Sept. 27 , 2012 .
The hundreds of employees represented by the suit include front desk and back of house workers from Pini 's Santa Barbara and Ventura County hotels and motels , as well as employees who worked in any position at his Bakersfield Rosedale Hotels .
Forty percent of the settlement will go to the front desk workers in Santa Barbara and Ventura counties , who will get $ 1,411 per year worked .
Thirty-six percent of the settlement would go to the Rosedale workers , who would get $ 526 per year worked , and the remainder would go to back of house workers in Santa Barbara and Ventura counties , who would end up with $ 545 per year worked .
The front of house employees would receive more because they were more likely to work uncompensated hours , according to a recent ruling from Superior Court Judge Donna Geck .
“ The court finds that the settlement is fair and reasonable , ” she stated .
Because Pini 's companies had experienced “ financial hardships in recent years , ” according to the case file , his lawyers agreed to reveal their financials to the plaintiffs , and were willing to “ open the books ” to facilitate a resolution .
The plaintiffs agreed to settle the case for a total of $ 750,000 , and the hearing on the final approval of the settlement is scheduled for July 26 in Geck 's courtroom .
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Killer Shrimp Restaurant & Bar in Santa Barbara is holding a job fair from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. next Monday and Tuesday , July 1-2 , at its facility at 416 State St .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Everyone in Beijing can now pay to use public transport with their smartphone – that is , everyone except Apple iPhone users .
Beijing 's public transport payments company Yikatong on Monday launched an app that allows most Android smartphone users to pay for journeys by tapping their smartphone rather than their transport card .
The app fits well with the Chinese habit of using smartphones to pay for anything from utility bills to street food , and will serve as a template for transport systems across China . As such , the exclusion of iPhone is a blow for Apple .
The event shows just how badly the technology group is being beaten in mobile payments in China , the world 's largest mobile market with an estimated $ 8.8 trillion in transactions in 2016 , according to iResearch .
Apple was locked out of the Beijing public transit payment system because of its policy of reserving contactless payment – that is , the ability to pay for something by waving a phone in front of a terminal – to its Apple Pay app , rather than granting access to third-party apps such as Yikatong 's , or popular payment systems such as Tencent 's WeChat Pay and Alibaba 's Alipay .
Android-based competitors such as Samsung , Huawei and Xiaomi allow contactless payments linked to these apps .
“ [ Apple 's policy ] is counterproductive , ” said Mark Natkins , managing director of Marbridge Consulting in Beijing . “ It potentially locks them out of a variety of initiatives , particularly the major push in China to introduce smart city initiatives . ”
WeChat Pay and Alipay are integrated into social messaging and ecommerce apps offered by Tencent and Alibaba , and are therefore popular . They also utilise scanning a QR code with a phone camera to make a payment , something Chinese consumers are used to , rather than Apple 's system of waving the phone at a terminal at the cash register .
The upshot is that Apple has been relegated to less than 1 per cent of China 's mobile payments market . – ( Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017 )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
You might want to rummage through your pockets – as your change could be worth a small fortune .
The London Olympic 50p coin changes hands for £3,000 now while a 1983 ‘ New Pence ' 2p coin would get you £650 ( enough for 32,500 standard 2p pieces ) .
They are among a host of coins , of which hundreds of thousands are in circulation , which have a value that belies the price on it .
Elsewhere , a special 50p piece featuring Kew Gardens is now changing hands for more than £50 .
Experts estimated one in 300 people currently have a Kew Gardens 50p – which means there 's probably about 4,000 in Birmingham .
However , they are expected to disappear quickly into private collections now the Royal Mint has declared the coin as the rarest in general circulation .
Here 's a run down of the loose change which could bolster your pocket ...
Dateless 20p piece - £100
When the Royal Mint redesigned the 20p piece in 2008 it decided to switch the date from the back of the coin to the front . However , an error at the Mint mismatched the old and new designs and between 50,000 and 200,000 coins were produced with no date on and put into circulation before the mistake was spotted . They now sell for up to £100 for a coin in mint condition .
London Olympic 50p coin - £3,000
There were 29 different designs released to celebrate the 2012 Olympic Games , with some produced in smaller numbers than others . A full set normally commands around £35 while some of the more desirable or rare designs such as football , wheelchair rugby , wrestling and tennis can command £3 or £4 .
However the real prize find is the original aquatic coin , which shows water passing directly over the swimmer 's face . Just 600 were released before the designed was altered to show a clearly visible face and one of the original coins was recently listed on eBay for £3,000 .
The 1983 ‘ New Pence ' 2p coin - £650
After British currency went decimal in 1971 , all 2p coins had ‘ New Pence ' on the reverse until 1981 . The Royal Mint decided to replace ‘ New Pence ” with ‘ Two Pence ' in 1982 . However , in 1983 the Mint accidentally produced a small number that bore the old inscription ‘ New Pence ' . These went into special collectors sets , but if you do find one that made its way into circulation it could be worth up to £650 .
Guy Fawkes £2 coin - £16
The Royal Mint regularly releases £2 coins with different designs and inscriptions on the edging . However , that means mistakes sometimes creep in . The Guy Fawkes coin was released in 2005 to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the gun powder plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament . On some of the coins released into circulation the inscription read “ Pemember , Pemember the Fifth of November instead of “ Remember , Remember ” . Those coins usually sell for around £16 on eBay .
The EC commemorative 50p coin - £20
In 1992 and 1993 the Mint issue a commemorative coin to celebrate the British presidency of the council of Europe . Just 109,000 coins were issued , compared to as many as 12 million usually , making it collectable . The coins are no longer in circulation because the 50p piece was reduced in size in 1997 , but if you have one in your penny jar at home it could be worth as much as £20 .
Mary Rose and King James Bible £2 coins - £6
Both designs were released by the Royal Mint in 2011 in limited editions of 20,000 each to mark the 500th anniversary of the Mary Rose and the 400th anniversary of the King James Bible . Both coins are already becoming collectable due to the small numbers and reach double to triple their face value .
Customers can get cash and check balances free of charge at more than 500 Walgreens stores
Rabobank , N.A. , a growing California community bank with 17 branches in Santa Barbara County , has expanded its local and statewide banking network through a new partnership with Walgreens stores .
Beginning this week , Rabobank customers will be able to use the ATMs at more than 500 Walgreens stores throughout California free of service charges . There are four Walgreens stores in Santa Barbara County .
“ Convenience is one of the main reasons that people choose a bank , ” Rabobank Regional President Jeff Paul said . “ Partnering with Walgreens to expand our ATM network will give our customers free access to cash almost everywhere they travel in California . ”
Rabobank customers will be able to get cash and check their balances free of service charges . The ATMs at Walgreens stores do not accept deposits .
In addition to the Walgreens ATMs , Rabobank has its own network of 160 ATMs in California .
Rabobank , N.A . is a California community bank that provides personalized service and a full array of quality products to individuals , businesses , organizations and agricultural clients . With nearly 120 retail branches , it serves the needs of communities from Redding to the Imperial Valley through a regional structure that promotes local decision making and active community involvement by its employees . Rabobank , N.A . is ranked “ Highest Customer Satisfaction with Retail Banking in California ” by J.D . Power and Associates .
— Andy Frokjer is the communications manager and vice president of advertising for Rabobank in Santa Barbara .
The leader of the UK 's Liberal Democrats , Tim Farron , has announced his resignation as leader of the pro-EU party .
The Lib Dems added three seats in last week 's UK election , an improvement on their disastrous 2015 performance , but their 12-seat haul masked embarrassing defeats for Britain 's so-called third party .
The party 's former leader Nick Clegg , deputy prime minister to David Cameron in the Conservative-Lib Dem coalition from 2010 to 2015 , was the biggest casualty of the election .
Mr Farron clung on to his seat in Westmorland and Lonsdale in Cumbria , but his majority fell from 8,949 to just 777 , a byproduct of a lacklustre campaign in which he struggled to be noticed .
The party had sought to tap the 48 per cent who voted Remain in the Brexit referendum last year by pledging to hold a second referendum , but the strategy failed .
Possible candidates to replace Mr Farron as party leader include Vince Cable , Ed Davey and Jo Swinson ,
Agencies
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Derek Barron qualified for his first U.S. Open by being the medalist at the sectional qualifier at the Tacoma Country and Golf Club earlier in June . Joshua Bessex jbessex @ gateline.com
CTV Vancouver
A downtown Vancouver sports bar is doing its part to help the environment by no longer using plastic straws .
Phat Bar and Lounge used to go through about 10,000 plastic straws every month . Now , staff at the Yaletown bar serve drinks without them .
Customers who insist of having a straw in their drink are given a biodegradable one .
Owner Jessica Price says the compostable straws are `` better for the environment and hopefully not going to end up in a landfill or in the ocean . ''
Americans discard about 180 billion plastic straws a year . Many of those that do n't make it into landfills wind up in rivers , lakes and oceans .
There few official statistics about Canada 's straw use , but assuming a similar rate of consumption per capita would mean those north of the border throw out more than 50 million straws a day .
`` There are lots of animals that are washing up dead on beaches and when you cut them open , they 're just completely full of plastic , including straws , '' said Dr. Elaine Leung of Sea Smart , a Metro Vancouver-based organization that aims to educate youth about ocean issues .
According to strawfree.org , straws are one of the top 10 pieces of garbage polluting oceans . The online campaign estimates that a million seabirds , 100,000 marine mammals and `` countless '' fish are killed by plastic pollution each year .
Graphic video of a group of boaters removing a 12-centimetre straw blocking a sea turtle 's nostril began circulating on social media in 2015 , highlighting the severity of plastic pollution and its potentially deadly consequences for wildlife .
Leung praised businesses that are switching to biodegradable straws , but says not using them at all would be even more beneficial for the planet .
`` Biodegradable alternatives are a step in the right direction , but a better choice is not using the straws at all . Think , how often do you use straws at home ? You do n't , so why do you need a straw when you go out ? '' she said .
In 2016 , voters in California approved a ban on plastic bags . Now , some lawmakers in the state want to regulate the use of plastic straws , forcing restaurants to only hand them on request .
There are currently no such efforts to legislate the use of plastic straws in British Columbia .
Some customers at Phat , however , say it would be an easy adjustment .
`` A lot of people use their straw just to stir their drink and then they toss it away , '' said patron Jennifer Leenhouts .
Going straw-free also helps the business save money , while doing its part to help wildlife and the environment .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Ben Miljure
I Have Had Just 10 Girlfriends
`` First of all I will not allow a biopic be made on my life . And I 've had just 10 girlfriends in my life , so it wo n't be so entertaining . ''
I Am Not Tharki
Ranbir Kapoor added , ‘ ' I like love stories . I am more on the romantic side not tharki . ''
On Working With His Rumoured Ex Sonam , Ranbir Said
'' Sonam and I had worked on Saawariya 11 years ago . It had released 10 years ago , but we had worked on it for two years . After that we never got the opportunity to work together . Sonam is the same , she has n't changed a bit since we assisted on Black ''
The Only Thing That Has Changed
'' Her personality is the same . She looks the same , no she has lost a lot weight after Black . So she looks the same as she had in Saawariya . The only thing that has changed in her is that she has become an even better actress . ''
Both Of Us Enjoyed Working Together
'' So when I worked with her , the kind of confidence that she came in with , the kind of experience she came with in these 10 years ; I think both of us really enjoyed working with each other . ''
About Anushka Sharma 's Role In The Movie
Rajkumar Hirani revealed , `` Anushka Sharma is basically me and Vidhu Vinod Chopra in the movie . She plays a biographer in the movie . ''
Sanju Tells His Story
‘ 'Sanju narrates her his story and tries to convince her to write a book on him . But the twist is that she does not want to write it ! ''
In Real Life
'' Sanju was telling me and Vidhu his story and convincing us to showcase everything in the film . But we have to make a film short and crisp , so we had to cut out few portions . We were also like biographers . So Anushka is basically me and Vidhu while making Sanju . ''
Texas A & M Aggies defensive back Justin Evans ( 14 ) stopped Arkansas Razorbacks running back Rawleigh Williams III ( 22 ) in the first half of the Southwest Classic at AT & T Stadium in Arlington , Texas , Saturday , September 24 , 2016 . Texas A & M won , 45-24 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
A couple days after the NFL combine invitation list was on the internet for a few seconds , the league released the full list for the draft-prep event on Wednesday morning .
Nine former Texas A & M players will be in Indianapolis later this month , with defensive end Myles Garrett leading the charge .
The Arlington Martin product graded out at 7.6 , the highest of any player in the SEC . Garrett is projected by ESPN as the top overall pick in the upcoming draft .
Here 's a full breakdown of the A & M players at the combine .
Player Position Grade Myles Garrett DE 7.6 Justin Evans S 5.8 Josh Reynolds WR 5.7 Daeshon Hall DE 5.5 Jermaine Eluemunor OL 5.5 Avery Gennesy OL 5.4 Speedy Noil WR 5.0 Trevor Knight QB 4.8 Ricky Seals-Jones WR 0.0
It 's unclear why Ricky Seals-Jones received a no grade on the 10-point school . Last season , the former highly-touted recruit appeared in 11 games and caught 26 passes for 333 yards and one touchdown in a year in which he appeared to fight an ankle injury .
Click here to see the full list .
Its 7:05 in the morning , and I step up to Navy Pier in Santa Barbara with a coffee in one hand and a notebook in the other . I 'm here to check out the Saturday Fishermen 's Market that a select group of Santa Barbara fishermen established to sell directly to their customers . What I found was not only a lesson in sustainability ( which I will write about in an upcoming column ) , but dockside entertainment as well .
Being from the Northeast , I 'm expecting a surly group , but instead am greeted by the assembled fishermen enthusiastically . The market is open from 7 to 11 a.m. , but they have been preparing for hours .
It has all the excitement of a lemonade stand , and I get the feeling they really enjoy Saturdays .
The Santa Barbara Saturday Fishermen 's Market was brought to my attention when searching for a story to do on sustainable seafood . A friend recommended me to urchin diver Stephanie Mutz . I had heard of her before through my research on Santa Barbara — as I searched for connections to purchase fish for my private chef gig .
Mutz is one of about 300 urchin divers in California and the only female diver to hold a permit . Sea urchin in California are considered some of the best in the world . She dives for urchin 20 to 100 feet down in the kelp beds off of San Miguel , Santa Cruz and Santa Rosa islands , depending on where they are .
Mutz was kind enough to defer another story on her ( there have been many ) and instead asked that I concentrate on the market held each Saturday at Navy Pier on the waterfront , rain or shine .
After several visits , I realized there was more than enough to write . When I arrived at the market in late April , I was treated to huge tanks of live rock crabs , and the urchin had already sold out . The early bird gets the urchin , I suppose .
The Fishermen 's Market works side by side with the Santa Barbara Fish Market to bring the best fresh seafood to our pier . The fishermen themselves can not fillet the whole fish for you , but they kindly direct customers to the Santa Barbara Fish Market , where it can be processed free of charge .
They are also able to open urchin if you would like so you can enjoy a seaside breakfast of champions like Mutz 's longtime customer Christian , from Brittney , France , by way of Los Angeles . Christian drives up to eat urchin on occasion and is kind enough to share with any passerby who seems interested .
Mutz dives for the urchin in 30 to 90 feet of water in the kelp forests off the islands . She dives attached to a breather going to her boat that allows her up to 400-plus feet of distance in which to work . Much of her catch goes south to be distributed to Los Angeles and beyond , but she always holds back enough for Saturday 's Fishermen 's Market .
She sells directly to several restaurants locally , including Anchor Woodfire Kitchen , where I had an awesome dish made with sea urchin and sweetbreads . Adding to the bargain is the fact that Mutz sells the urchin direct to customers on Saturday at an inconceivably low $ 5 each — for live sea urchin . My East Coast chef friends would be in heaven .
Just a stall over was fisherman Paul Teall , selling rock crab and , interestingly , kelp . Teall is n't shy and loudly touts kelp as “ the new kale ! ” to anyone passing by . He has printed up a fact sheet for customers and has plenty of recipes for those new to kelp .
He fired off a few delicious-sounding recipe ideas , including kelp casserole and kelp golumpke . ( Someone yelled this out when they heard I was part Polish — I 'm not sure whether they were pulling my leg . ) He compares the taste of kelp to fiddlehead ferns , which I 've worked with on the East Coast in the spring .
His latest project is kelp chips , made in the oven or microwave that are puffy and crunchy and give kale chips a run for their money . Judging by his empty cooler , it seems to be catching on .
Stop by and chat with Teall if you get a chance , and he will be sure to fill you in about everything seafood in Santa Barbara and beyond .
Teall fishes for rockfish , and he had a great selection more recently when I stopped by for pictures . There are several varieties to choose from , but what caught my eye was a beautiful vermillion rockfish . I asked Teall how he finds time for the market on Saturdays , and he says he would rather have someone else handle deliveries and connect directly with his customers at the dock .
One more note : Teall 's wife Katie , is the chef/owner of Montecito Confections , a fantastic spot on Coast Village Road where they do everything from wedding cakes to sweet and savory treats .
Teall has two sons , and his older son is fishing in Alaska — it 's clear that food stewardship runs in the family .
On the other side of Mutz is fisherman Sam Shrout , who had live rock crab every time I was there . He had copper rockfish in all sizes , but what really impressed me was the selection of live lingcod .
Shrout kindly took the time to explain to me the ins and outs of rock crab , such as how to squeeze the second to the back leg to make sure the shell is firm , meaning the crab has not recently molted and expended its energy ( and meat ) on a new shell . Some customers prefer the smaller female crabs with eggs , and he sells just the larger claws separately if you are inclined .
I should note that in addition to rockfish , crab and the other species listed here , the fishermen also sell halibut , local salmon , spot prawns , white seabass and spiny lobster among other things when available . If you follow Mutz on Twitter @ seastephfish , she posts updates before the market for the whole group and will even help you reserve a fish to pick up !
I have more on the Saturday Fishermen 's Market and will post more links next week along with information on issues such as sustainability , global pricing and more in part two . For now , get down to the market this Saturday and let me know what you think at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
See you next week !
— Chef Joe Hafner writes the weekly Noozhawk column Word of Mouth and can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Click here for previous columns . The opinions expressed are his own .
Most professionals are familiar with the concept of a career map . But between the ups and downs of the economy and the twists and turns of a decades-long career , a conventional map can sometimes serve as little more than wishful thinking . It can also prevent you from recognizing — and seizing — unexpected opportunities along the way .
That 's why you might want to consider a career compass instead .
What 's the difference ? A traditional career map serves as an outline of what you hope your professional life to be months , years or even decades down the road . It guides you from point A to points B , C , D and so on .
But a career map can be rigid . There 's no accounting for the unexpected . What happens if you want to completely re-evaluate your career at point C , for example ? Or you 're poised at point F , only to realize it 's no longer a feasible option ? Your map suddenly becomes useless .
In contrast , a career compass orients you so that no matter where circumstances take you , you can point yourself in a rewarding direction . A career compass is a more flexible way of approaching your career . It gives you a better chance of arriving at a fulfilling point X , even if you currently have no idea what point X actually is . A strong compass can also help you enjoy your journey , even when it takes you through scary or unfamiliar territory .
May the Forks Be With You
Some career decisions are straightforward , and for those you hardly even need a map . But for tougher decisions — such as whether to stay with your current employer or join a hot new startup or to accept a dream job with a daunting commute — you 'll need a rock-solid sense of your professional priorities . That 's where a compass comes in .
To create a compass you can consult when you reach a crossroads , you 'll need to develop a clear sense of what you do and do n't want out of work . Start by considering how you 'd respond ( or have already responded ) to questions such as the following :
» Independence vs. teamwork — Are you happiest when you 're left alone to identify and execute your own initiatives , or when working closely with colleagues toward a common goal ?
» Action vs. serenity — Do you thrive in demanding , fast-paced , unpredictable environments , or prefer a calmer workplace ? After a day 's work , would you rather arrive home feeling exhausted but satisfied , or relaxed and ready to enjoy the evening ?
» Big firm vs. small firm — Do you prefer the excitement and intimacy of a startup , or the stability and security that larger companies tend to offer ?
Also consider dilemmas that might force you to choose between two equally attractive options . These can help you identify priorities and tendencies you may not be fully conscious of . For example :
» Opportunity vs. security — Would you rather hold a position that offers little security but vast possibilities for development and advancement , or a steadier job with narrower prospects ?
» Career vs. personal life — Which sounds more frustrating : shortening a vacation to rescue a work project , or missing a deadline in order to fulfill a personal obligation ?
» Money vs. passion — Which would you choose : a less-than-thrilling job with a generous and steadily rising compensation package , or work that gives you a strong sense of purpose but does n't pay as well as you 'd like ?
Do n't limit yourself to the examples here . Other useful questions might cover topics such as managing others , benefits , relationships with colleagues , the type of boss you work best under and more . If you have trouble creating relevant questions for yourself , ask a friend or mentor for assistance .
Forcing yourself to make these choices might feel harsh or arbitrary , but it can help you triangulate your true intentions . By contrast , a career plan based on an idealized dream job is n't likely to help you navigate the tradeoffs and compromises real careers entail .
Recalibrating Your True North
The most important part of setting your career compass is to examine your priorities regularly and revise them as necessary . The more outdated they become , the more likely you 'll be to keep marching in a direction that no longer serves you or to miss a turn that might have led you down an unanticipated and richly rewarding path .
— Christy De Los Rios is the Santa Barbara branch manager for Robert Half International . She can be contacted at 805.568.0838 or . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The opinions expressed are her own .
SUMMARY : “ A First Alert Weather Day ” will be in effect today through Wednesday . Rain , thunderstorms , gusty winds and a wintry mix all expected to impact the east through mid-week . Click on the video for complete weather details .
THIS MORNING : Skies are cloudy with scattered rain and thunderstorms . Some storms may be strong to severe with gusty winds , heavy rain and hail . Temperatures are warm , in the 50s and 60s . Winds are on the lighter side , except withing thunderstorms . Storms look to exit the area by mid-late morning .
THIS AFTERNOON : A re-emergence of storms are likely this afternoon into the evening as a cold front moves through . A few storms could be strong to severe and could contain gusty winds and small hail and an isolated tornado . Highs will climb into the 60s . Winds may be breezy through the day .
TONIGHT : Mostly cloudy with scattered showers , may be breezy at times with winds out of the northwest at 5 to 15 mph . Temperatures are much colder , in the mid to upper 30s inland and lower 40s along the coast .
A LOOK AHEAD : There is the chance for a rain snow mix late Wednesday night as another disturbance moves through the area . Highs for Wednesday will be in the 40s . The sunshine will return for the second half of the week with highs in the 50s .
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER ! Weather changes quickly . Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson , Dontae Jones , Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated .
To follow us “ on the go ” , check out these links :
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE .
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE .
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app , available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store . You can see First Alert VIPIR 9 , detailed forecasts , weather maps , and severe weather alerts .
Greenville , NC Hourly Forecast 58 ° F precip : 50 % 58 ° F precip : 90 % 59 ° F precip : 100 % 60 ° F precip : 100 % 60 ° F precip : 70 % 63 ° F precip : 50 % 64 ° F precip : 40 % 69 ° F precip : 20 % 70 ° F precip : 20 % 66 ° F precip : 20 % 66 ° F precip : 20 % 64 ° F precip : 20 % 61 ° F precip : 20 % 59 ° F precip : 10 % 55 ° F precip : 20 % 51 ° F precip : 40 % 49 ° F precip : 60 % 48 ° F precip : 70 % 47 ° F precip : 70 % 47 ° F precip : 70 % 45 ° F precip : 60 % 42 ° F precip : 50 % 42 ° F precip : 50 % 41 ° F precip : 40 % 40 ° F precip : 50 % 40 ° F precip : 60 % 40 ° F precip : 60 % 39 ° F precip : 70 % 38 ° F precip : 70 % 39 ° F precip : 60 % 41 ° F precip : 50 % 42 ° F precip : 40 % 43 ° F precip : 40 % 44 ° F precip : 30 % 45 ° F precip : 10 % 46 ° F precip : 10 % 46 ° F precip : 30 % 47 ° F precip : 10 % 46 ° F precip : 30 % 44 ° F precip : 20 % 42 ° F precip : 20 % 41 ° F precip : 20 % 40 ° F precip : 10 % 40 ° F precip : 10 % 39 ° F precip : 10 % 38 ° F precip : 10 % Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle Pause
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing : What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
2:37 Chandler Hutchison : `` We 're just not making shots . ''
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho 's Teton Dam collapse
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month 's worth of food
1:38 Former Boise State TE battling cancer
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
< > Shake Shack will have plenty of swag when the first Colorado location opens on March 21 . ( The Know )
If there 's anything on your mind this week other than what those Colorado-only items at the new Shake Shack are going to taste like , you 're probably a well-adjusted , high-functioning member of society . But if you 're like me and are dying to know what The Long I Pie Shop 's debut flavor is in the Pie Oh My concrete or if the Green Chile CheddarShack has any burn , then this one 's for you .
As you 've probably already heard , Colorado 's first Shake Shack is opening at 30th and Larimer streets on March 21 at 11 a.m. You also already know that the line will be long that day , because this is Shake Shack , after all , and people go nuts for it . Management is prepping for the big opening and for all the customers lining up to shake the shack by handing out schwag and food samples .
And here 's what we now know about the new items :
The Green Chile CheddarShack is a three pepper blend of Anaheims , jalapeños and sport peppers , and spice enthusiasts will be disappointed to know that there 's only a little kick . You get more of the pepper flavor , along with the vinegar Shake Shackers added to balance out the heat .
The Pie Oh My concrete will blend a seasonally rotating pie from The Long I Pie Shop into a vanilla frozen custard base . The inaugural pie is salted honey lavender , and a portion of its sales will go to the Food Bank of the Rockies .
The other only-in-Colorado concrete flavor is the Glazed Dazed Donut , made with Glazed and Confuzed banana bread doughnuts , chocolate toffee , salted caramel sauce and vanilla custard . You 'll probably want to make this one part of your standard order .
As for the space , it 's pretty simple and modern with lots of wood — so it 's a good spot to sit with a ShackBurger . Assuming , that is , you 're willing to wait for it .
Shake Shack : 2995 Larimer St. , Denver ; shakeshack.com ; opening March 21 at 11 a.m .
Cole-Parmer is pleased to announce the launch of its new MasterflexLive cloud-enabled pumps . This new pump technology brings the Internet of things ( IoT ) to pump applications , providing operators with the ability to remotely control and monitor pumps via the Internet—without the need to be onsite .
MasterflexLive is a secure , cloud-based platform for controlling and monitoring select Masterflex L/S® and I/P® pumps , no matter where they are or where their pumps are located . The facility allows a user to begin an experiment without even being in the laboratory .
This new smart technology , a first-of-its-kind for peristaltic pumps , provides real-time monitoring & control of all pump parameters , including speed , flow rate , dispense volume , and more . Push notifications provide alerts for the on-call technician for operating conditions and error messages , saving vital critical , expensive and chemical solutions and that would normally affect their end-product or desired experimental outcome .
The “ hands-free ” operation allows control of pumps operating inside cleanrooms , glove boxes or isolation chambers . Access is easy from a PC , tablet or smartphone ( iOS and Android are supported ) . Setup and activation takes only minutes with two easy steps : registering a new account and entering the pump 's information .
“ Not only are these pumps ideal for process and research facilities , water and wastewater treatment ( municipal ) plants , and food , beverage , chemical and mining facilities , they 're also ideal for anyone who wants to adopt the latest technology and tools to enable them to have flexibility , enhanced accuracy , and maximized efficiency in their operations ” said Colin Heathfield , Technical Specialist .
For more information on MasterflexLive Cloud-Enabled Drives , go to www.coleparmer.com/masterflexlive , click here for the brochure or call our technical experts at +44 ( 0 ) 1480 272279 .
ETW Energietechnik delivers the first combined heat and power plants with „ SCR “ exhaust gas cleaning system
The German CHP specialist ETW Energietechnik has delivered natural gas CHP units with selective catalytic reduction ( SCR ) technology for the first time . Thus , Stadtwerke Duisburg is the first user of Adblue technology from ETW . The family business from Moers comprises three plants with MWM engines of the type TCG 2020V12 , each with an electrical output of 999 kilowatts .
Efficiency : 94 percent
Two of the three ETW plants with significantly reduced nitrogen emissions have been in operation since the end of 2017 - at the Duisburg-Mitte and Duisburg-Süd sites . The third plant in Duisburg-Süd will also be commissioned at the beginning of 2019 , with all three plants achieving a very good overall efficiency of 94 percent each with an intelligent heat utilisation concept based on a second installed exhaust gas heat exchanger stage ( AWT ) and a heat recovery from the mixed cooling circuit .
Below all current limit values
With the fully operational , fully automatic SCR catalytic converter plant including urea injection ( Adblue ) , the ETW plants comply with the latest state of the art and therefore fall below all currently required exhaust emission limits :
NOx : < 100 mg/Nm³ ( exhaust gas dry at 5 percent O2 )
CO : < 100 mg/Nm³ ( exhaust gas dry at 5 percent O2 )
Formaldehyde : < 20 mg/Nm³ ( dry flue gas at 5 percent O2 ) .
Highest environmental standards already met
From a legal point of view , compliance with the limit values from the „ TA-Luft “ version of 2002 is still a legal requirement in Germany . It specifies that 500 milligrams of NOx , 300 milligrams of CO and 30 milligrams of formaldehyde per standard cubic meter must not be exceeded . The amendment to the TA-Luft of 2017 has been initiated , but has not yet been adopted . The new , higher limit values , which the ETW CHPs in Duisburg already comply with , are fixed here . These stricter values were written into the specifications by Stadtwerke Duisburg . By complying with the amended 2017 directive , utilities aim to generate their energy as environmentally friendly and sustainable as possible .
Reaction to customer requirements
ETW Energietechnik ‘ s innovative Adblue CHP units are among the first SCR plants in Germany that are currently operating under full load on the grid . ETW managers are absolutely certain that others will follow and that Adblue will become the standard . „ Usually , we currently only deliver the standard SCR catalytic converter housing with a single-nozzle section for Adblue with the elements for compliance with the values according to TA-Luft 2002 . However , this simplifies retrofitting considerably and enables us to react immediately to customer requirements “ , emphasizes the sales manager at ETW , Alexander Szabo .
Be sure to plan for upgrading
`` Accordingly , we are already advising our customers to plan the SCR catalytic converter in the form of a casing , including the injection line , for all systems '' , adds Alexander Szabo . The specialists at ETW Energietechnik GmbH are certain that the limit values
from the amendment 2017 will be adopted in the foreseeable future and will become generally applicable to all CHP plants with a transition period - certainly also throughout Europe . In Italy , even stricter limit values are required . All CHP units can be upgraded
by ETW Energietechnik along the emission regulations throughout Europe .
Z : Do you want to know what my favorite street sign in Santa Barbara is ?
She : No . Could n't we discuss the weather ? Or potatoes ? Is this really where you want to go ?
Z : I like street signs . I 've always liked street signs .
She : Sigh . I guess we all need our hobbies . I married you . I have to claim some responsibility . OK. What 's your favorite street sign ?
Z : The Montecito city limit sign .
She : Not Leslie Street ? What 's so special about Montecito 's sign ? Is it gold-encrusted lettering or something ?
Z : Nah , but it 's awesome , because it lists the population of Montecito . Do you know what the population of Montecito is ?
She : Uhh ... six ?
Z : Might as well be . On the sign , it says 10,000 . How perfect is that ? 1,000 would be too few , too Podunk , and 100,000 too unwieldy , too urban . 10,000 is the perfect-sized city . It 's a good , round number .
She : What happens if a person moves away ?
Z : Then someone else takes their spot .
She : What happens if somebody dies ?
Z : Then they have another birth that very day . Montecito is just that kind of city . At least , that 's what the perfect population of 10,000 implies .
She : I thought Santa Barbara was supposed to be the perfect city . What does it say on our city limit sign ?
Z : There are three signs that I know of : one on northbound Highway 101 , one on the southbound 101 , and one at the base of Highway 154 . Each one proclaims a substantially messier population of 89,600 .
She : You sound disappointed that the signs all have the same population listed .
Z : I am . There was a point in my childhood when they did n't .
She : You remember this ?
Z : It may well be the only thing I remember . It 's the genesis of my appreciation for street signs . I vividly recall the thrill of discovering that the sign on the 154 did n't match the two signs on the 101 .
She : Did you alert the media ?
Z : I desperately wanted to . I wanted to know who to share this remarkable discovery with , who this mistake should be reported to . I thought that when I told the authorities , I would be given a great reward . A dollar a person seemed about right .
She : You had a sophisticated sense of the world .
Z : I still think a reward should be forthcoming , even though I have n't been able to share this news until now .
She : Your view of the world remains consistent .
Z : It 's like finding a typo in The New York Times . Very satisfying .
She : My favorite population sign is in New Cuyama .
Z : No wonder nobody knows where New Cuyama is . Do you want to know what my second favorite street sign in Santa Barbara is ?
She : Do I have a choice ?
Z : It 's really more a gaggle of signs . New , taller street name signs have been popping up — way up — in various places around town .
She : How do you know this ?
Z : They startle me every time I see one . You have to lean way back and crane your neck to see them . I first noticed them on the Mesa , and then yesterday when I was driving up Santa Barbara Street .
She : Why are the street name signs getting taller ?
Z : I suspect it may be for the snow plows , so that they can still see what street they 're on when there are 15 feet of snow on the ground .
She : I 'll bet it 's a sneaky way to get the Blue Line Project through . I would n't be surprised if all the street signs are now the height that the oceans will rise when the ice caps melt .
Z : Now that 's just silly .
She : Or it 's so that they will be eye level for the Land Shark . Or for that ridiculously tall bicycle that you see around town . Or maybe our population is n't just getting larger , it 's also getting taller .
Z : I 'm sorry I mentioned the tall signs .
She : Why ? Does it sound loony when somebody rambles on about street signs ?
Z : No . I 'm just saying .
She : Yes , dear .
— Tell She and Z what you think by emailing . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Click here for previous She Said , Z Said columns . Follow Leslie Dinaberg on Twitter .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City 's search for an away win stretched beyond an eleventh game as they were unable to come back from Sheyi Ojo 's early goal .
Blues went behind in the 14th minute and could n't respond - despite the fact they won a penalty with a quarter of an hour to go .
Jeremie Boga stepped up and hammered it over the crossbar to send the 4,000 Blues supporters home empty-handed .
STARTING FORMATION
3-5-2
STOCKDALE 7.5
No chance with the goal , Ojo had a simple finish . Good low down save from Kebano near half time . An even better stop from Johansen early in second half .
DACRES-COGLEY 6
First match of the season , on the right of the back three . Gave the ball away dangerously in first half . Stuck to his task well in the circumstances and made an important intervention late on .
MORRISON 6.5
Made a couple of interceptions and clearances in the first half . In the right place to head away crosses in the second .
* GROUNDS 8
Vital sliding tackle as Johansen looked to have gone through . Coped reasonably well throughout but might have done better with back-post header after the break .
NSUE 6
Pinned back by Fulham 's full backs , one decent cross in the first half just too high for Jutkiewicz . More prominent in the second and won the penalty .
DAVIS 5.5
Bustled about but not able to knit the units together in the first half . Got further forward in the second half and produced a long-awaited shot on target .
GLEESON 5.5
Brought back to play a ‘ quarterback ' role , tried to pick out team-mates and on set-piece duty . Unfortunately could n't deliver the right quality though .
KIEFTENBELD 5.5
Ran hard and tried to help Bramall with the threat down the left . Touch let him down at times and he was unable to impact the game .
BRAMALL 6
First game since August . Gave away two poor free kicks in the first half - during which he also tried to get forward . Faded after the break .
BOGA 6
Totally peripheral in the first 45 , as Blues were unable to show anything as an attacking entity . Much more lively after the break but that penalty miss will haunt him .
JUTKIEWICZ 4.5
Won a few headers in the opening period but with virtually no service came no goal threat . Same again after the restart and he was withdrawn after an hour .
SUBSTITUTES
GALLAGHER ( for , Jutkiewicz , 63 ) 6 : Looked bright when he came on - should he have started ?
MAGHOMA ( for Bramall , 88 ) 5 : Not time to affect the game
Not used : Trueman , Ndoye , Lowe , Cotterill , Jota
OPPOSITION
FULHAM ( 4-3-3 ) : Bettinelli ; Fredericks , Ream , Kalas , Sessegnon ; Cairney , McDonald , Norwood ; Ojo ( Djalo 89 ) , Kebano ( Kamara 45 ) , Johansen ( Fonte 79 ) . Subs : Button , Graham , Mollo , Torre
GOALS
FULHAM : Ojo ( 14 )
THE REF : T Harrington ( Cleveland )
NEXT UP : QPR ( h ) Saturday , December 16 , 3pm
Ex-Trump adviser Carl Icahn subpoenaed over biofuel policy Manhattan federal prosecutors have issued a subpoena to billionaire investor Carl Icahn , a former adviser to President Trump , about his efforts to influence biofuel policy . Icahn , who was once Trump 's ...
International horse show will use poop to power event OSLO – Horse manure will generate electricity for an international horse show in Finland this month in a new form of alternative energy , Finnish utility Fortum said on Wednesday . It ...
Watchdog calls for probe into Icahn 's ties to Trump A government watchdog group , Public Citizen , said on Wednesday it will ask lawmakers to investigate whether billionaire investor Carl Icahn should have been subject to lobbying disclosure laws when he ...
How human waste could be the future of oil Turning sewage sludge into fuel has long been a science fiction fantasy of a waste-free world . But it 's closer than you think .
Environmental critics rail against city 's biofuel push The City Council plans to pass legislation Wednesday to dramatically boost the level of biodiesel fuel in home heating oil , despite claims by critics that the edict could do more ...
NYC 's big green bid to degrade the environment New York City 's requirement that all heating oil used here contain 2 percent biodiesel fuel is a generous handout to the biofuels industry — and a terrible deal for the ...
Navy 's 'Great Green Fleet ' runs partly on biofuels SAN DIEGO — The Navy is launching a carrier strike group to be powered partly by biofuels . Officials are calling it a milestone toward easing the military 's reliance on foreign ...
Why Arsenal bench player kept his billion-dollar idea a secret A bench-warmer on one of Europe 's biggest soccer teams might be worth more than the American billionaire who owns the team — and he kept his fortune a secret from ...
It 's up to us , individually and collectively , to make the decision to break the cycle
[ Noozhawk 's note : This column is part of Noozhawk 's 12-day , six-week special investigative series , Prescription for Abuse . ]
“ One pill makes you larger , and one pill makes you small , and the ones that mother gives you do n't do anything at all , go ask Alice when she 's 10 feet tall. ” — “ White Rabbit ” by Jefferson Airplane
The above song lyrics ring true , except that the pills you find in mom 's medicine cabinet today might just do the trick .
I commend Noozhawk for its investigative series on prescription drug abuse . The problem has been ignored for far too long . Only through awareness will we create responsible behavior on all sides of this issue .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
More than 16 years ago , I interviewed Peter Breggin , M.D. , a psychiatrist who advocates a humanistic approach to medicine , such as psychotherapy and education , to offset the proliferation of psychiatric medication . I questioned him about prescription drug abuse of anti-depressants , asking , “ When will this end ? ” He responded , “ When the public no longer demands it . ”
Doctors can hand out pills like candy , but it 's up to us to swallow . And swallow we do . The Los Angeles Times recently reported that prescription drugs , which public health experts characterize as an epidemic , claim a life every 14 minutes and now account for more fatalities than traffic accidents .
We swallow one pill because it helps the pain . Next time two . We swallow because it feels good . We swallow because it 's easy . Before we know it the subtle , slippery slope of addiction takes over .
Many professionals believe that emotional repression underlies many addictions . Who would n't be tempted to go for euphoria ? The “ high ” is a convenient way to become numb — a way to “ not feel. ” All those uncomfortable feelings can be pushed aside , covered up and stuffed deep inside . But to not consciously address those feelings or have a healthy outlet for them creates a destructive and downward spiral . It can be a long road out or not .
A few celebrities who did n't make it :
At age 36 , Marilyn Monroe , an actress who seemingly had it all , died in her sleep of barbiturate poisoning ( an overdose of sleeping pills ) .
Model Anna Nicole Smith died at age 39 from an accidental overdose of chloral hydrate and other prescription drugs .
Elvis Presley , actor and singer known as the King of Rock ‘ n ' Roll , was addicted to prescription drugs and died at age 42 of a heart attack brought on by long-term drug use .
Jimi Hendrix , singer and guitar player who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and holds a star on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame , died as a result of mixing sleeping pills and alcohol at age 27 .
Talented actor Heath Ledger died at age 28 from an accidental overdose of prescription medications , including painkillers , anti-anxiety drugs and sleeping pills . The New York City medical examiner 's office said , “ We have concluded that the manner of death is accidental , resulting from the abuse of prescription medications . ”
Creativity snuffed out — way too young .
Not long ago my precious nephew overdosed — way too young . What was he thinking , that it could never happen to him , or did he want it to ? We 'll never know .
We 're finding out through tragedy that the “ quick fix ” does n't work . We 're finding out as individuals that we need to be in charge of our own lives . That does n't mean to stop going to doctors but to be alert and present when we do go , empowering ourselves to make conscious decisions as to what feels right for us .
It 's time to let go of the powerful influence of the external world . It 's time to value , listen and trust ourselves . Through that awareness we will make better choices and honor those we 've lost .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Susan Ann Darley is a creativity coach and writer who works with artists , creatives and entrepreneurs to discover , use and market their talents . She offers a free 30-minute coaching session . Follow her on Twitter : @ Coach7700 . For more information , click here , e-mail her at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or call 805.845.3036 .
The Washington State Patrol says an Olympia woman was injured Tuesday in a crash near Kennewick . Staff file Wichita Eagle
As Kanye West once again made headlines for insisting “ I do love Donald Trump ” in a reported conversation with a radio host , another of the rapper 's statements was somewhat lost in the outrage , with people close to him reportedly concerned again about the state of his mental health .
West disclosed in that same conversation that he was addicted to opioids when he went through a high-profile meltdown in the fall of 2016 . His breakdown led to his Saint Pablo tour being prematurely canceled and to his hospitalization “ for his own health and safety . ”
Speaking on Hot 97 Monday , host Ebro Darden described his 30-minute conversation with West over the weekend , Billboard reported . Darden said West told him that he felt like “ nobody really showed love for me when I was addicted to opioids and in the hospital . ”
But people close to West deny he ever had an opioid addiction , according to The Blast . And those people also are concerned that West 's statements about his “ addiction , ” his love for Trump and other recent “ erratic ” behavior are “ red flags ” that he may be suffering another “ episode . ”
“ We are all worried about his current mental health , ” a source close to the singer told The Blast , saying alarms also were triggered by a recent outburst in his studio , in which West proclaimed that he did n't need people with “ titles ” around him telling him what to do , saying he could “ do it all myself . ”
West allegedly wrapped up his studio rant by announcing , “ Yeezy is the new Apple , ” The Blast reported .
Darden said West 's remark about an addiction to prescription painkillers came up during a 30-minute chat , during which they covered a ranged of topics , including West 's controversial statements about Trump .
Back in November 2016 , during a stop in San Jose on his Saint Pablo Tour , the hip-hop star drew boos and jeers from the crowd for his extended stream-of-consciousness rants , including when he proclaimed , “ If I had voted , I would have voted for Trump . ”
West subsequently canceled his tour and checked into UCLA Medical Center for eight days . He and his people never disclosed the reasons for his health crisis at the time . There was the standard “ exhaustion ” excuse . But there also were reports that he was “ profoundly depressed and paranoid . ”
In documents filed in a lawsuit over the tour cancellation , Lloyd 's of London suggested that West 's breakdown was related to his use of prescription and illegal drugs .
Following his breakdown , West resurfaced in public in December 2016 in a meeting at Trump Tower with the newly elected president , who was criticized for making incendiary racist , sexist and anti-immigration comments during the campaign . At the time , West explained on Twitter that he and the Republican leader met to “ discuss multicultural issues. ” West added , “ It is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change . ”
West has recently returned to social media after a long absence . His much-noted return has included announcements about new albums from himself and others and his collaboration with Kid Cudi .
But West , the once “ potently ” progressive musician , also has returned to making political statements that have prompted liberals to howl in outrage and conservatives , who never paid much attention to him before , to praise him as a “ brave truth-teller , ” reported Atlantic writer Spencer Kornhaber .
On Saturday , West praised Candace Owens , a rising star in right-wing media who has criticized Black Lives Matter and who thinks Trump is the “ savior ” of Western civilization . West tweeted , “ I love the way Candace Owens thinks . ”
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 21 , 2018
Darden said he brought up West 's Owens comment during their conversation , accusing the husband of reality TV diva Kim Karadashian of “ living in a bubble in Calabasas . ”
Somehow , the subject of Owens prompted West to refer to a problem with opioid painkillers and to his perceived abandonment by friends and fans during his self-described substance abuse crisis . West 's comment about his perceived abandonment comes at the 5:35 point in the clip below .
Darden told West he was lying about people not showing concern for his well-being . “ I know people who personally reached out , ” he said .
At that point , West complained to Darden that he felt “ demonized ” for “ speaking out and challenging conventional thought , ” going on to tell him that he “ loves ” Donald Trump . The Trump comments begin at the 6.51 mark .
Those close to West are reportedly outraged that he expressed support for Trump or for an alt-right pundit like Owens , saying such comments could hurt his standing in the hip-hop community , The Blast reported .
Others told The Blast they are worried that tweets and comments to Darden could signal he 's headed to another crisis . They again insist that the breakdown he had back in November 2016 had nothing to do with an addiction . He was diagnosed at the time with an “ acute mental illness , ” a diagnosis he reportedly used in his defense in his lawsuit with Lloyd 's of London , The Blast said .
This story has been updated .
THORNTON , CO -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. ( OTCQB : ASTI ) , reported results for the full year ended December 31 , 2016 .
FY2016 Financial Results :
The Company posted net revenue of $ 1.75M in 2016 , a decline of approximately 73.2 % from $ 6.54M in 2015 . Loss from operations in 2016 , however , improved by $ 3.1M , or 11.2 % from - $ 27.7M in 2015 to - $ 24.6M . Ascent Solar attributes this to a substantial reduction in SG & A Expenses of 16.9 % from $ 12.4M in 2015 to $ 10.3M in 2016 , lower depreciation and amortization as well as progressive cost reduction initiatives in R & D and manufacturing operations . These expenses are expected to decline further as the Company continues to restructure and streamline its operations in 2017 .
The revenue decline is a direct result of ( i ) the Company 's exit from brick and mortar retail customers due to a number of factors , including the high cost of doing business especially with those who were overly battery centric which is no longer in line with Ascent 's overall roadmap ; ( ii ) continuous price erosion witnessed in the portable battery market resulting from a huge influx of low-cost products from Asia ; ( iii ) very large charged-back and revenue contras from prior commitments resulting from discontinuation of EnerPlex™ sales channels ; ( iv ) bankruptcy of The Sports Authority , one of our large retail customers ; ( v ) an overall negative retail environment ( especially for brick and mortar retailers ) during 2016 ; ( vi ) changes in commercial terms from our largest EnerPlex customer that caused revenue recognition to be delayed to later quarters ; and ( vii ) capital constraints and cost-cutting at the Company necessitated by the more difficult capital raising conditions especially following its de-listing from the Nasdaq Capital Market in February 2016 .
Net loss for the year 2016 was - $ 38.9M , that included approximately $ 14.3M in non-cash interest expense and change in fair value of derivatives & extinguishment of liabilities that were associated with the outstanding convertible notes and convertible preferred stocks . Overall , net loss improved by $ 6.9M , or approximately 15 % from - $ 45.8M in 2015 to - $ 38.9M in 2016 .
Management Comments :
`` We are focused on improving our results as we moved on from the concentration in the consumer business , '' commented Victor Lee , President and CEO of Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. `` Going forward , we will continue to streamline our business model in an effort to better allocate our resources to be fully focused on our core strength in the developing specialty PV markets with high entry barriers like the military , 1st responders , emergency power , aviation ( drones ) , and space & near-space applications .
`` The Company has made significant progress in these developing high-value markets , and will continue to sharpen our focus in such areas where Ascent is truly at the forefront of the competition . Notable milestones include the recent announcements that the Company 's superlight thin-film modules were selected by JAXA ( Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ) for the second phase of evaluation for deep space mission , as well as the securing of a major contract from an Asian-based customer . Additionally , our recent progress of being the first and only flexible CIGS manufacturer to have achieved ISO 9001:2015 certification , will enable us to serve a larger universe of premium market customers who prefer products manufactured under a superlative Quality Management System and must be as robust and fail proof as possible . ''
Mr. Lee concluded , `` Great progress was also made in the defense and emergency power market , particularly in the increasing interest shown in our award winning , military-graded and GSA-listed MilPak™ E PV and battery-integrated blanket , which we believe will add to revenue growth in 2017 and beyond . We are optimistic and certainly look forward to a stronger 2017 and beyond , as our high-value PV market focus begins to take shape . We look forward to updating our shareholders as we make continued progress . ''
ABOUT ASCENT SOLAR TECHNOLOGIES , INC :
Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. is a developer of thin-film photovoltaic modules using flexible substrate materials that are more versatile and rugged than traditional solar panels . Ascent Solar modules were named as one of the top 100 technologies in both 2010 and 2015 by R & D Magazine , and one of TIME Magazine 's 50 best inventions for 2011 . The technology described above represents the cutting edge of flexible power and can be directly integrated into consumer products and off-grid applications , as well as other aerospace applications . Ascent Solar is headquartered in Thornton , Colorado , where the company 's quality management system has achieved ISO 9001:2015 certification . More information can be found at www.ascentsolar.com .
Forward-Looking Statements :
Statements in this press release that are not statements of historical or current fact constitute `` forward-looking statements . '' Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other unknown factors that could cause the Company 's actual operating results to be materially different from any historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . In addition to statements that explicitly describe these risks and uncertainties , readers are urged to consider statements that contain terms such as `` believes , '' `` belief , '' `` expects , '' `` expect , '' `` intends , '' `` intend , '' `` anticipate , '' `` anticipates , '' `` plans , '' `` plan , '' to be uncertain and forward-looking . The forward-looking statements contained herein are also subject generally to other risks and uncertainties that are described from time to time in the Company 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
We write the truth , without fear or favor , to bring you the news and images from Southern Philippines | Wednesday , February 15 , 2017
On a daily basis , we get messages from men like you who are complaining about their sex lives and desperately loo ...
At the Tears for Fears concert at the Chumash Casino on Thursday night , singer and songwriter Roland Orzabal reminded everyone that they had played nearby years before , joking , “ Anyone here from Modesto ? ”
He was actually referring to their 1990 concert at the Santa Barbara Bowl , which was recorded and released as a concert video called “ Going to California. ” He even claimed that several of the audience members shown in the video were at the Chumash concert . Orzabal described the video 's title as somewhat prophetic , since the band 's singer/bassist , Curt Smith , who like Orzabal is from England , now lives in Los Angeles . Smith later joked , “ Do n't hold that against me ; it 's a work thing . ”
The Chumash Casino concert was book-ended by the band 's smash hits from their stellar 1985 album Songs From the Big Chair , “ Everybody Wants to Rule the World , ” which gave a thrilling opening to the show , and “ Shout , ” which came as the encore . In between was a fascinating sampling of their songs both old and new .
This included several tracks from their acclaimed 1983 debut album , The Hurting , an album that somehow managed to turn emotional pain into catchy pop music . Consider some of the lyrics heard at the concert : “ Memories fade but the scars still linger ” from “ Memories Fade ” ; “ When you do n't give me love / You gave me pale shelter ” from “ Pale Shelter ” ; “ You lost your honesty , I lost the life in you ” from “ Change ” ; and “ Hide my head I want to drown my sorrow / No tomorrow , no tomorrow ” from “ Mad World . ”
In Smith 's introduction to the latter , he pointed out that they were performing their version , not the slower revamped one by Michael Andrews and Gary Jules for the soundtrack to Donnie Darko , which reached No . 1 in 2003 . Personally , I greatly preferred hearing the original , almost Depeche Mode-like arrangement .
They also played another cool hit from Songs From the Big Chair , “ Head Over Heels , ” which closed the main set . Sadly , that album 's electro-pop gem and minor hit “ Mothers Talk ” did n't make the cut for this concert .
The band 's third album , The Seeds of Love , was represented by the epic “ Sowing the Seeds of Love , ” “ Woman In Chains ” in which the ( male ) background singer boldly sang Oleta Adams ' parts to big cheers from the crowd , and “ Badman 's Song , ” which Orzabal said was written after overhearing a party in adjacent hotel room where they were talking not-so-nicely about him .
Orzabal and Smith parted ways shortly after touring in support of The Seeds of Love , during which they shot the video “ Going to California. ” Orzabal then continued to record under the Tears for Fears name , but the band did n't really regain its stride until Orzabal and Smith reunited for 2004 's aptly named Everybody Loves a Happy Ending . Songs played from this at the Chumash were the sunshine-y “ Call Me Mellow , ” the psychedelic title song , and “ Secret World , ” which included a snippet from Paul McCartney 's “ Let ‘ Em In . ”
But the best was saved for last — the aforementioned “ Shout , ” which is based on Arthur Janov 's primal scream therapy for exorcising repressed pain , and simultaneously serves as a call for people to protest that which is wrong with the world . Or , it can just be appreciated as one of the catchiest songs from the 1980s , by one of the quintessential ‘ 80s bands .
Setlist
Everybody Wants to Rule the World
Secret World
Call Me Mellow
Sowing the Seeds of Love
Change
Falling Down
Everybody Loves a Happy Ending
Mad World
Memories Fade
Woman in Chains
Floating Down the River
Badman 's Song
Pale Shelter
Break It Down Again
Head Over Heels
Encore :
Shout
— Noozhawk contributing writer Jeff Moehlis is a professor of mechanical engineering at UCSB . Upcoming show recommendations , advice from musicians , interviews and more are available on his Web site , music-illuminati.com .
By Abby Hassler
Prince , also known as “ The Purple One ” is finally getting his very own Pantone color . Pantone and Prince 's Estate announced today ( August 14 ) that the late singer has his own purple hue , “ Love Symbol # 2 , ” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for his name .
Related : Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for His Role in Michael Jackson 's ‘ Bad '
“ The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be . This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever , ” Troy Carter , entertainment adviser to Prince 's Estate , said .
“ We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol # 2 , a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince , ‘ the purple one , ' ” added Laurie Pressman , vice president of the Pantone Color Institute . “ A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance , Love Symbol # 2 is emblematic of Prince 's distinctive style . Long associated with the purple family , Love Symbol # 2 enables Prince 's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself . ”
( Agencia CMA Latam ) - Argentinean state-owned oil company YPF , in association with Petronas E & P Argentina ( PEPASA ) , plans to move ahead with a project in the La Amarga Chica area , in the Province of Neuquén , in the Vaca Muerta field .
The joint investment commitment in this third stage , expected to be concluded in 2018 's third quarter , amounts to US $ 192.5 million .
For this third and final stage in La Amarga Chica , both companies contemplate the drilling of ten horizontal wells and the construction of new works and facilities to transport the shale oil produced in the area . After the completion of this last stage , the companies will be able to decide on the start of the full development of the area .
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback : editorial @ rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best ( and worst ) economic performances lately ? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out ! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP , unemployment rate , inflation and much more .
The solar eclipse is now just a week away , and staff at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee are preparing for a big watch party on the campus .
The Manfred Olson Planetarium will host the `` Solar Eclipse Celebration 2017 '' on Monday , August 21st , at 11:00am .
The planetarium staff is also holding eclipsed-themed shows called `` The Sun 's Disappearing Act '' this week . Planetarium Associate Derek Palecek says southeast Wisconsin will get a pretty good show .
`` We 're going to get 86 % totality here . We 're not getting 100 % totality , but we are getting pretty close and that is insanely exciting for us , '' he said .
Information on the Planetarium 's shows and eclipse celebration can be found here .
They will be selling proper `` eclipse glasses '' for $ 1 at the events . The glasses properly protect your eyes while watching the solar event . No one should watch the eclipse without protection .
NASA has also compiled a list of sites where you can purchase glasses , but many vendors were already sold out at last check .
NEMA Probe : Group Accuses Rep Committee Of Personal Vendetta
The Coalition for Good Governance 's ( CGG ) Executive Director , has accused the Hon . Isa led House of Representatives Committee investigating alleged corruption at the National Emergency Agency Management ( NEMA ) of engaging in “ diversionary persecution ” of the Director –General of the agency .
Addressing journalists in Abuja , executive director of CGG , Mrs Jaiyeole Mohammed described the House members as “ self-seeking and egocentric leaders ”
She wondered why the House Committee despite the overwhelming evidence provided the EFCC which indicted the former DG of the agency , and the directors , has devoted all its energy and wisdom in probing the tenure of Engr . Maihaja , while the indicted , suspended , but reinstated directors by the order of the House of Reps are still in custody of files containing critical documents that would aid EFCC investigation into the fraud .
She said , “ The twist is why would the House of Representatives take over a case being handled by the EFCC , the agency lawfully vested with the powers to prosecute persons involved in financial crimes ?
Equally disturbing is why the House committee has overlooked or abandoned a glaring case to concentrate its probe on the vague case against the NEMA boss ? what is the motivation that has informed this suspect decision ? ”
“ Therefore , we feel it is nothing rather than to execute its vindictive mission against President Muhammedu Buhari , by nailing his appointees . So , in the pursuit of this agenda , the House Committee has cooked up frivolous allegations against the current NEMA boss , Engr . Maihaja , claiming he abused due process in some contracts awarded by the agency , running into billions of naira . ”
She said though the probe by the House Committee on the NEMA boss has continued , but unfortunately , it has found nothing concrete or incriminating to nail the current NEMA boss .
According to her , the Hon . Isa led House committee has also ignored petitions by Civil Society Organisations ( CSOs ) drawing its attention to the pending alleged fraud case against the former NEMA DG and the directors .
She said , “ Unfortunately though , the House Committee has turned unbearable heat and pressure on the current NEMA DG , Engr . Maihaja to the extent of threatening to arrest the DG , who on two occasions , could not honour the committee 's invitations , because of pressing official engagements , but deemed it necessary to send representatives while he was on official visit to Benue and other states . ”
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - Oct 6 , 2017 ) - NetworkNewsWire ( `` NNW '' ) , a multifaceted financial news and publishing company that delivers a new generation of social communication solutions for business , today announces the online availability of its interview with Blue Moon Zinc Corp. ( TSX VENTURE : MOON ) ( OTC : BMOOF ) , a mineral exploration company focused on developing its advanced-stage , wholly owned Blue Moon zinc project in central California .
The interview can be heard at http : //NNW.fm/BMOOF-Oct-2017
NNW 's Stuart Smith opens the interview by introducing Blue Moon CEO Patrick McGrath , who has 20 years of experience in financing and executive roles in the junior mining sector . McGrath provides valuable insight into what distinguishes the Blue Moon deposit as a promising near-term development prospect for investors .
`` One of the important things for this project is that a lot of the development work was done by very well established and qualified operators , '' says McGrath in a review of the project 's decades-long history , noting much of the advance work has been completed to show Blue Moon 's zinc deposit indicated 95 percent recovery . `` You can have all the zinc in the deposit , but if the recovery and metallurgy do n't work , it does n't go anywhere . ''
Blue Moon 's primary asset is zinc . The company 's recently updated NI 43-101 resource estimate shows the project , to be mined by underground methods , contains approximately 377 million pounds of zinc in the indicated category and another 395 pounds of zinc in the inferred category .
`` So , we believe it 's the right size and scope for the project we 're about to undertake , '' McGrath says in the interview . `` Our next step is really advancing the deposit , taking it through the feasibility and permit process , and ultimately through production . ''
The Blue Moon team includes two key members who have worked in California and have acquired `` extensive experience with either building a mine from scratch or restarting a mine and dealing with the regulatory process , as well as the successful mining operations , '' McGrath said .
The long-term prognosis for Blue Moon shows `` a very high likelihood that this deposit just keeps going ... that it could likely double in size , '' said McGrath , adding the company plans to explore the likelihood that there is another Blue Moon zinc deposit at the site .
In the near term , the company will complete a preliminary economic assessment , which will highlight Blue Moon as a viable , standalone project with a short time horizon to development of the zinc asset , McGrath concluded .
About Blue Moon Zinc Corp .
Blue Moon Zinc Corp. , a Canada-based exploration-stage mineral company has 100 % ownership of the Blue Moon zinc project in central California . The project sits within Mariposa County , an area of active mines and exploration projects since it was part of the California gold rush era . Blue Moon 's 525 acres of mineral rights are assigned to patented and unpatented claims accessible by a gravel road off a nearby highway with main utility lines nearby . The zinc deposit is open at depth and along strike with a high likelihood of expansion . Historical studies of the project site show recovery rates of 95 percent for zinc and lead , 93 percent for copper , 65 percent for silver and 70 percent for gold . Simple processing methods will produce premium concentrates with easy separation of economic minerals .
For more information , visit the company 's website at www.BlueMoonMining.com
About NetworkNewsWire
NetworkNewsWire ( NNW ) is an information service that provides ( 1 ) access to our news aggregation and syndication servers , ( 2 ) NetworkNewsBreaks that summarize corporate news and information , ( 3 ) enhanced press release services , ( 4 ) social media distribution and optimization services , and ( 5 ) a full array of corporate communication solutions . As a multifaceted financial news and content distribution company with an extensive team of contributing journalists and writers , NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that desire to reach a wide audience of investors , consumers , journalists and the general public . NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country . By cutting through the overload of information in today 's market , NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility , recognition and brand awareness . NNW is where news , content and information converge .
Please see full terms of use and disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW , wherever published or re-published : http : //NNW.fm/Disclaimer
Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended . All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements , which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof . In evaluating such statements , prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company 's SEC filings . These risks and uncertainties could cause the company 's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Blues were founded in 1875 .
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time , members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter . The team based at Holy Trinity Church , Bordesley , on the east side of Birmingham , decided to form a football team .
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street , then at a field in Sparkbrook , before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year .
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors , under the name of Small Heath F.C . Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew 's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club .
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943 .
A quick guide
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts .
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club 's main kit colour for well over 100 years .
( Image : David Rogers/Getty Images )
Blues ' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011 . They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final , with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie 's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic 's opener .
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success . Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times .
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition .
Blues ' home ground St Andrew 's has a capacity of 29,409 .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Tourists from a cruise ship berthed at Lautoka wharf last week , with Fijian warriors outside a local shopping venue . Picture : REINAL CHAND
ENSURING the protection of tourists that visit hotels and resorts in Nacula , Yasawa , is a main priority of the seven villages that make up the district .
Nacula district spokesperson Saimoni Naivalu said tourists were an important source of income for the villagers .
`` If we do n't protect them and ensure their safety then it would affect our livelihood eventually , '' he said .
`` We are one of the busiest regions in the Yasawa group when it comes to the tourism industry .
`` Trying to get our villagers more involved in all aspects , including community policing is very important , '' Mr Naivalu added .
`` We want our visitors to feel welcome when they come here and not threatened or feel unsafe . ''
He said the seven villages joined forces with nearby resorts and backpackers to form the Nacula Tikina Tourism Committee .
He said the new committee was especially formed to look after the welfare of both the villagers and tourists .
`` We want to look at how we present ourselves to our guests and also ensure they enjoy their stay , '' Mr Naivalu said .
`` Our resorts have been doing their part to bring income and employment for our villagers .
`` We want to assist in other ways too to help in bringing more tourists to our shores . ''
The Government should establish a ring-fenced fund for schools to provide additional resources to cater for the needs of children experiencing homelessness , according to a new report .
Published by the Children 's Rights Alliance and titled Home Works : A Study on the Educational Needs of Children Experiencing Homelessness and Living in Emergency Accommodation , the report highlights the negative emotional and educational impact homelessness can have on the lives of children .
A total of 20 parents ( 19 mothers , one father ) from 19 families participated in the study while 25 primary schools and 21 post-primary schools also took part in the research .
The families had a total of 38 dependent children living with them in homeless accommodation - 19 girls and 19 boys - with ages ranging from five months to 17 years .
Scarce financial resources , long journeys to and from school , unaffordable transport costs , lack of appropriate facilities for food preparation and storage are all factors that compromise the ability of homeless children to succeed at school .
Along with inadequate facilities for sleep and the maintenance of personal hygiene , these factors can result in ill health , both physical and mental . Poor living conditions can lead to irritability , exhaustion , low self-esteem as well as feelings of social isolation among children experiencing homelessness .
Access to a sufficient and nutritionally balanced diet was repeatedly identified by parents as a factor that negatively impacts children 's educational participation .
Difficulties in establishing and maintaining children 's bedtime routines while living in homeless accommodation were also cited .
The children featured in the report experienced frequent school absences and parents described how infections - including chicken pox , ear infections and head lice - were common , and difficult to treat and manage while living in overcrowded and confined accommodation .
The report recommends that the Government creates a fund for the provision of supports for children living in emergency and temporary accommodation .
Supports would include psychological assessment and support , extracurricular activities , home-work clubs , additional tuition or wrap-around services delivered within the school premises .
Tanya Ward , chief executive of the Children 's Rights Alliance , said : “ Having a home is fundamental to any of your basic needs being met but education in this circumstance provides the stability and certainty that children need in their lives .
“ One of the things that comes through is how effective the schools were in supporting children - and that is despite the fact that there is no national policy guidance in how to respond to this group of children .
“ A lot of them had come up with their own policies , ” she said .
Choosing either transport or food
Some parents described challenges in providing school lunches while living in emergency accommodation , while others reported that they had to choose between paying for transport to school and feeding their children .
The report says schools making provision for children experiencing homelessness should also have access to resources and facilities to provide them with regular , nutritious food .
While homeless children have positive attitudes towards schooling , teachers reported that children experiencing homelessness could find aspects of learning challenging .
To counter this , Ms Ward said the Home School Community Liaison ( HSCL ) scheme , where coordinators work to enhance pupils ' outcomes and learning opportunities , should be extended to non-Deis schools .
“ What was crystal clear was having a school home liaison officer - and it is only in Deis schools at the moment - was key because that teacher can do all the follow-up work with the family with dignity .
“ What was coming through in the research was that the schools outside the Deis programme just did n't have the same facility , they did n't have those resources , ” she said .
The report also recommends an end to the practice of families having to find their own emergency housing “ with immediate effect ” and says the Government should commit to ending the use of emergency hotel and B & B-type accommodation within a specific period of time .
Families with children should not be required to live in emergency or temporary accommodation for more than six months and figures relating to the type of provision and period of homelessness for families with dependent children should be maintained and published on a monthly basis .
Despite their difficult situation , Ms Ward said the children and their parents all had high aspirations .
“ All of the 20 families interviewed had really high aspirations for their children and the children had really high aspirations for themselves so even though they are going through this housing and homeless crisis they still want to get on in school so anything we can do to support that is I think critically important ”
The latest homeless figures published by the Department of Housing are for the month of May and show there were 1,338 families , including 2,886 children , in emergency accommodation in Dublin . This compares with 1,099 families , with 2,266 children , in May 2017 – a 21 per cent increase in families and a 27 per cent increase in children .
Case Study : ‘ I was very depressed at the start '
Jessica is a 24-year-old mother of two children , Clare ( aged three ) and Peter ( aged two ) . Jessica presented as homeless to her local authority in 2017 following six months living with friends and family members while attempting to source affordable rental accommodation .
At the time of interview , Jessica had been living in supported temporary accommodation in North County Dublin for four months . Prior to this , the family had spent three months moving between various hotels and bed and breakfasts in the greater Dublin region .
Jessica 's son Peter was born with a complex medical condition that resulted in physical disability and severely reduced mobility . He has required ongoing medical intervention and therapeutic support since birth and requires use of a wheelchair . Jessica described how the multiple changes in accommodation impacted on her children , particularly her daughter Clare ( aged three ) :
“ When we were in the hotel and moving around , Clare 's behaviour got very , very bad you know . She was very , I do n't like to say bold but she was very bold , you know she was just acting up all the time like , attention-seeking and screaming , all this stuff .
“ She lashed out all the time , you know we 'd come back to the hotel , and then , if we were after booking out and booking back in , we 'd change room , like they 'd give us a different room . Clare would n't understand . She 'd be on the floor in the hallway shouting , ‘ This is our house ! ' You know so I had to kind of explain to her somehow like , ‘ No we 're in this one today ' , it was n't nice to try to explain that to her ” .
Predictability
Jessica reported that consistency in childcare provision had supported Clare and Peter in re-establishing routines and predictability . Despite travelling for an hour each morning , Jessica explained that maintaining the provision is a priority for the family as the children have formed relationships with staff and other children in the setting .
The pre-school educators have an awareness of Peter 's physical needs and have made adaptations to the physical environment , as well as working with his physiotherapist to support his movement and emerging autonomy within the setting . Clare has formed relationships with her teachers and classmates and Jessica has been provided with advice and information on parenting programmes and financial supports for parents caring for a child with a disability .
“ They love it , they love coming here like . I remember at the start Peter would n't come ; now he wo n't come home with me . I go in every day and he says , ‘ No ' and like they love it here like they 're always here , they know what to expect , they get to have loads of fun .
“ I think it was great at the start because I was kind of , I was very depressed at the start , and I was n't kind of present with them or doing what I should have been really doing with them , so at least I knew they were getting that here , you know they were getting the one-to-one attention that they kind of needed . ”
Jessica believes that accessibility to affordable , high quality childcare has provided her children with secure routines to support development and learning as well as providing her with time to seek long-term accommodation and a return to employment . Jessica is a university graduate and at the time of interview was preparing to commence employment .
“ If I have access to having them in a full time crèche , then I 'm going to be working . I 'm actually making a life for myself , where I do n't have to be dependent on the social welfare or dependent on social housing .
“ I 'm going to have to try , it 's going to be a bit rocky I 'd say at the start but it 'll be worth it . It 's not really for the money for me , it 's kind of to get my sanity back and my career back on track . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Part of a Midlands business park had to be evacuated this afternoon after a gas leak .
The incident happened at the Saxon Business Park in Bromsgrove shortly after 1.30pm on Monday .
A police cordon was set up around the site in Hanbury Road after reports a lorry had hit a gas main .
Firefighters were also in attendance at the scene while gas engineers worked to resolve the problem .
( Image : @ AdamT69 )
Group Commander George Marshall , from Hereford & Worcester Fire and Rescue service , said : “ We are currently dealing with an on-going incident in Bromsgrove involving a gas leak .
“ All affected properties have been evacuated and a 200 metre cordon has been put in place .
“ The leak has now been isolated and the emergency services are working with gas engineers to make the area safe .
“ As a precaution , we encourage local residents to keep their doors and windows closed until incident has concluded . ”
Police confirmed nearby buildings were evacuated as a precaution before the incident was resolved by around 3.30pm .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A West Mercia Police spokesperson said : “ A cordon was put in place and buildings within the cordon area were evacuated as a precaution whilst services manage the leak .
“ As of 3.30pm , engineers have completed their work and residents were being moved back into the area . ”
MIAMI - Authorities identified a Miami Gardens man they say ran over a police officer 's foot during a traffic stop and sped away , setting off a chase through the streets of downtown Miami late Tuesday .
Xavier Maycox , 35 , faces multiple charges , including grand theft auto and aggravated battery on a law enforcement officer .
According to the arrest report , Maycox was driving a red Ford Escape when two police officers observed him running through a stop sign . When Maycox was stopped by the officers , he became upset , the report said .
`` You guys are always ( expletive ) with me , '' he screamed at the officers , according to the arrest report .
Police said Maycox sped away as the officers approached the vehicle , running over the left foot of one of the officers .
Other officers pursued Maycox , who was driving recklessly and at one point drove into oncoming traffic on Biscayne Boulevard , the report said .
Maycox was eventually stopped at Northwest Fourth Court and Northwest Sixth Street , where he was arrested , the report said .
Maycox had a passenger in the car during the chase , but that person was not charged , police said .
Police later determined that the Ford Escape had been stolen from North Miami Beach .
Maycox is currently being held Miami-Dade County 's Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center on $ 21,000 bond .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Ed Donahue replays the events of Groundhog Day 1968 in his mind often .
`` I 'll always remember it , '' he said .
The 80-year old retired Kansas City Police detective only worked with Officer Hugh Butler one night , but it was a night that changed both of their lives .
“ It bothers me a lot , still does when you talk about it , '' he said in his first ever interview about the shooting on the 50th anniversary .
The pair were working surveillance detail on Feb. 2 , 1968 , when the call came out of a man firing shots inside a bar at Armour Boulevard and Troost Avenue .
“ We were both 30 years old , and he was supposed to get married I think in a couple weeks , '' Donahue said .
Two customers had already been wounded by the time they arrived at the Brass Rail Tavern .
“ He had a gun in his hand , and he held his girlfriend as a shield , standing there like that , and they had a 10-year-old boy with them , '' Donahue said of the bizarre scene .
Donahue was shot in the hand . He worked to shield the boy in the bar when more bullets started flying from in and outside the tavern .
“ Hugh came in right behind me , and they exchanged shots , '' Donahue said . `` When I was chasing this boy , I could hear 'boom boom boom . ' ''
Butler 's name is now read every year at a ceremony honoring fallen officers . Donahue left the force a year after the shooting , but he came back before long , serving another 24 years with the department . Many of those were spent working at the Regional Police Academy .
In all his years at the academy , there was no place for new recruits or the general public to learn more about the officers who went before them .
`` They need it , deserve it as far as I 'm concerned , '' Donahue said of a proposal for a Regional Fallen Officer 's Memorial Garden and Fountain .
Kansas City Councilwoman Heather Hall will present the plan to Kansas City 's Parks and Recreation Board next week .
Unlike the monument in front of KCPD Headquarters with 111 names , this memorial would be set on 3.5 acres and include 147 officer 's names from around the metro .
It 's planned near the Regional Police Academy and the Trail of Heroes . The trail contains markers with officers ' names . Several families also paid to erect benches in a fallen officer 's honor .
Donahue spent the $ 500 for the memorial to the officer he only worked with one night .
“ I was just lucky I was , I do n't know why I lived and Hugh did n't , '' he said .
By Trevor Reese , Contributing Writer—
“ I 've never been so happy to be depressed , ” is what my friend said to me after binge-watching the newest season of the Netflix original series “ Bojack Horseman. ” His feelings are n't out of the ordinary for regular viewers who indulge in Netflix 's delightfully melancholic dramedy .
The show about a washed-up pseudo celebrity Horse ( voiced by Will Arnett ) has recently debuted its fourth season , and it 's hard to see how creator Raphael Bob-Waksberg continues to set the bar higher every year . The newest installment in the absurdist series is as poignant and polished as ever , using witty writing and all-star cast featuring Paul F. Thompkins , Aaron Paul and Amy Sedaris to dissect heavy topics such as gun violence , mental illness , infertility and of course the never-ending search for happiness , all while keeping viewers laughing the whole way . If you 've never taken that first step to hit the play button , now is the perfect time .
The show 's humor will not have you running out of breath with gut-busting laughter because the show is n't made for that response in the way other animated romps like “ South Park ” and “ Family Guy ” are . Instead viewers will find themselves chuckling through numerous bouts of hollywood superficiality , clever wordplay and animal gags that are densely packed into the forefront and background of every half-hour episode . The lighthearted fun and bright color scheme are a necessity since the rest of show would be difficult to watch as the painfully relatable , and lovable , characters grapple with the disappointments and unpredictability of life while attempting to stay positive in a world without meaning . The memorable story arcs leave lasting and meaningful impressions while prompting the viewer with questions about their own existence and self-fulfillment , which is an achievement most animated comedies never get close to .
Lastly , where “ Bojack Horseman ” excels the most is in its ability to craft relatable and endearing characters that viewers genuinely want to watch succeed , and despite most of the cast being animals , the show is remarkably human . The writers and creators love for their work is evidenced by seemingly zero filler episodes , and instances of cliche are admirably rare . In my opinion the show is currently the best on Netflix and arguably one of the best on television , so quit horsin ' around and go watch it .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
GM boss flies to Germany to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Things have n't been going well for the Miami Heat , so maybe a long road trip will be just what the doctor ordered .
When the Heat return home from their current road trip , the season will officially be half over .
It 's already seemed like a marathon .
Barely seven months removed from being a game shy of the NBA 's Final Four , the Heat were the first team this season to reach the 25-loss mark . Only Philadelphia and Brooklyn are keeping Miami from having the league 's worst record , and it 's a paper-thin buffer right now between the Heat and the cellar . Injuries have piled up as well , further adding to the struggle of rebuilding .
“ It 's not so much frustration , ” Heat forward Justise Winslow said , talking about the team 's collective mood . “ It 's more just like sympathy . ”
Banged-up and usually beaten , the Heat start a six-game trip in Phoenix on Tuesday night . The good news is that the first three games on this swing are against teams that are like the Heat , well below the .500 mark . The bad news is that Miami has n't beaten anybody on the road in more than a month , and seems to have a different lineup every night .
Just in Sunday 's loss to Detroit alone , the Heat were without Goran Dragic , Hassan Whiteside , Dion Waiters , Josh McRoberts and Winslow . Everyone on that list except McRoberts — out with a stress fracture in his foot — will likely play on this trip , perhaps as early as Tuesday if Waiters can get cleared for a return from a torn groin muscle that has kept him out since Nov. 26 .
“ We 'll get guys back , ” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said .
At this rate , there will be a point where Miami starts thinking more about the future than the present . Plenty of trade talk in the next few weeks will involve the Heat , who have a ton of salary-cap space to use this summer and will undoubtedly hear from contending teams looking to add a player or two for the looming playoff runs .
And unless there 's some seismic improvement , Miami 's NBA draft lottery odds might look pretty good as well .
“ I know this about Erik 's teams : They 're going to play really , really hard , ” Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy said of Spoelstra , his longtime friend going back to when they were both part of the Heat staff .
He 's right .
Just take some examples from Sunday 's loss : James Johnson dove on the floor to salvage what looked like a sure turnover , setting up a 3-pointer . He leaped into the Detroit bench a couple minutes later to save a ball , and the Heat got another 3 out of that possession . Rodney McGruder thwarted a 4-on-1 Detroit fast break later in the game as well , though the Pistons wound up scoring on that possession .
That 's sort of the theme for the Heat season so far . Even when things go right , it 's not right enough .
“ I 'm seeing the guys out there diving on the floor , making winning plays , putting their bodies out there , putting themselves out there , ” Heat captain Udonis Haslem said . “ That 's how you become a championship team . ”
Even with Whiteside 's numbers looking good — averages of 17.3 points and 14.3 rebounds per game — he 's far from a lock for the All-Star team , in part because there 's no true center designation in the roster-choosing process . No one currently playing for the Heat has ever been an All-Star , and it 's probably reasonable to think that wo n't change in the next few weeks .
For comparison 's sake , last year 's Heat lineup featured players with a combined 38 All-Star trips .
Dwyane Wade 's now in Chicago , Joe Johnson is in Utah , Luol Deng is with the Lakers , Amare Stoudemire is in Israel and Chris Bosh is in basketball exile , sidelined by ongoing concerns about his blood-clot situations and only now seen with Heat teammates in photos from New Year 's Eve gatherings .
“ It is what it is , ” Winslow said . “ Take it with a grain of salt . Not going to make any excuses . We 're all basketball players . We get paid to do this . We get paid to show up on time , get paid to have your brother 's back on the court . ”
( TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
GAINESVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — LSU 's tumultuous week is about to take a turn — for better or worse .
The Tigers had one of the more chaotic stretches in recent program history , including a stunning home loss to Troy , two players-only meetings and another involving the athletic director , the head coach and both coordinators .
How LSU responds will be determined Saturday at No . 21 Florida ( 3-1 , 3-0 Southeastern Conference ) . Anything short of a victory could push the Tigers ( 3-2 , 0-1 ) toward more drama and maybe even some difficult decisions down the road .
“ I know people are not happy , but we have to make sure that we take the criticism and we have to understand that LSU is a premier football program and we 've got to make sure when things like this happen we have to bounce back , ” LSU defensive end Christian LaCouture said . “ We ca n't focus on this last game . ”
The Tigers might want to draw from last year , though .
Florida escaped Tiger Stadium with a 16-10 victory last November thanks to a goal-line stand in the final seconds . Star running back Leonard Fournette watched from the sideline as teammate Derrius Guice was stuffed short of the end zone on a botched fourth-down play .
The Gators clinched the SEC East and celebrated wildly on the field , in the locker room and during the trip home . It capped six weeks of angst stemming from the game 's postponement and relocation from Gainesville to Baton Rouge , Louisiana , because of Hurricane Matthew . The Tigers suggested Florida was hoping to cancel the game or avoid playing it on the road .
It created a tense atmosphere and plenty of motivation for the Gators .
A year later , the Tigers seemingly have more at stake .
Two weeks after a 30-point drubbing at Mississippi State — LSU 's most lopsided setback in series history — the Tigers lost to a non-conference opponent at home for the first time since 2000 .
Embattled coach Ed Orgeron was clearly the focal point of all the heat . Orgeron held a meeting with team leaders , who then had the first of two players-only sessions . Athletic director Joe Alleva also met with Orgeron , offensive coordinator Matt Canada and defensive coordinator Dave Aranda to iron out differences . Orgeron got involved with the offense during the 24-21 loss to Troy and wanted to simplify Canada 's scheme by reducing pre-snap motions .
Alleva “ wanted to know what was going on , what we could do better , ” said Orgeron , who 's in his first season after serving as interim coach in 2016 . “ Let 's all get on the same page . It was a very positive meeting . ”
Florida , which has endured its own issues this season , kept track from afar .
“ They 're just trying to set the Gators up , right ? ” coach Jim McElwain said . “ Anytime there 's a transition , you go through a learning curve . These guys will be coming in here crazed , nuts , ready to go to prove all the naysayers or whatever you want to do , but that 's why you play . ”
——
Here are some other things to know about LSU and Florida :
GETTING HEALTHY : LSU expects to have several key players back this week , including Guice , defensive end Rashard Lawrence and nose tackle Ed Alexander . Senior right tackle Toby Weathersby , who also did not play last week , is questionable .
FRANKS RETURNS : Florida quarterback Feleipe Franks , who was once committed to LSU , regains his starting job this week following a season-ending injury to Luke Del Rio . Franks started the first three games of the season , but was benched in two of those .
LINE ITEMS : LSU 's offensive line has been a glaring weak spot the past three games and faces a tough test at Florida . Against Troy , the Tigers started two freshmen — right guard Ed Ingram and right tackle Saahdiq Charles — on the offensive line for the first time since 1986 .
CLEVELAND OUT : Florida will be without big-play receiver Tyrie Cleveland because of a high-ankle sprain to his right foot . Cleveland leads the team in every receiving category , recording 15 catches , 326 yards and two touchdowns .
RECORD WATCH : The Gators can break an NCAA record Saturday by scoring in their 366th consecutive game . Florida is currently tied with Michigan , which set the mark between 1984 and 2014 . The Gators have n't been shut out since a 16-0 loss to Auburn on Oct. 29 , 1988 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Chinonso Alozie
OWERRI—DEPUTY Governor of Imo , Mr Eze Madumere , said he would pursue his governorship ambition to a logical conclusion in spite of opposition from the governor , Chief Rochas Okorocha .
This came as he was endorsed by stakeholders in his local government , Mbaitoli .
This is even as Imo state governor , Rochas Okorocha , yesterday , declared that 95 percent of members of the Catholic Church in the state , will vote for his choice for 2019 gubernatorial election .
In a statement by Mr Uche Onwuchekwa , the deputy governor 's media aide , Madumere said that no amount of opposition from the governor would make him to lose sight of the ambition .
He said , “ God is the giver of power and decider of destiny and no man born of a woman can stop my ambition .
“ I think that from the wealth of my experience as a seasoned administrator both in public and private sectors , I am the most qualified to take Imo state to the next level . ”
Madumere , however , revealed that the “ greatest opposition ” to his ambition was from people he nurtured politically .
He said he was betrayed by people he brought into politics , but stressed that no level of betrayal or sabotage could stop him from the governorship race .
Okorocha had some weeks ago announced in the state that his son in-law and current Chief of Staff to him , Mr Uche Nwosu , would succeed him as governor in 2019 .
More endorsements for Madumere
Vanguard gathered yesterday , in Owerri , that the event where Madumere was endorsed was strictly to show support for his gubernatorial ambition .
Among the leaders who endorsed Madumere , was Mr. Marcon Nlemigbo , who said : “ There is need to work in synergy with our brothers and sisters from other local government areas .
“ This is a project God Himself has a hand in , which requires everyone 's input irrespective of political leanings . Madumere 's candidacy was as a result of his competence and capacity with humane heart . ”
Another leader in the area , Mr. Chukwuma Ekemaru , was quoted to have said : “ Madumere 's temperament and humility to have worked with Governor Okorocha for about 25 years , is mind blowing . ”
In her opinion , Ihioma Njoku , said : “ Madumere deserves to succeed Governor Rochas Okorocha , having accumulated enough experience with his impeccable credentials as a seasoned administrator . ”
95 % of Catholics will vote my choice—Okorocha
Meantime , Governor Rochas Okorocha has boasted in a statement to newsmen in Owerri that 95 % of Catholics will vote his choice .
He also said that he has not offended the Catholic Archbishop of Owerri , Anthony J. V Obinna , as reported .
He added that 95 per cent of members of Owerri Catholic Diocese are his strong supporters , including the Elder brother to Archbishop , Mr. Paddy Obinna .
According to the release , “ In 2019 , no doubt , the members of the Diocese will also vote for the governor 's choice for the governorship because they know the truth of this whole story .
“ They know that the governor has never in any way offended the Archbishop or the Diocese . ”
Okorocha recalled that , “ In 2011 and 2015 respectively , Governor Okorocha and his party APC won overwhelmingly in Owerri Municipal where most members of Owerri Catholic Diocese reside . ”
Oronoque Slingerz FC Williams rewarded for being named MVP at MSC football tourney
Joshua Williams , who was voted the most valuable player in the recently concluded Matarkai Sports Committee ( MSC ) annual street football tournament that was held in Region one , was rewarded for his efforts at a simple ceremony held at Port Kaituma Secondary School .
Williams , who attends the said school , represented Oronoque Slingerz FC who defeated Matthew 's Ridge 5-1 in the final . He also represented his region at the National Schools Athletics championships and received his prize compliments of Mr. Brian Thomas in the presence of Headmistress Mrs. Rosemond Smart , Deputy Headmistress Ms. Antonia Jocintho , MSC chairman Sherlon Rodrigues and students .
Rodrigues encouraged Williams to strive for excellence in both his athletic and football careers and urged him to remain committed to his education . He spoke of the importance of discipline and urged the multi talented Williams to emulate another Region one resident Cleveland Forde . Rodrigues noted that such an achievement can only serve to motivate other youths in the area and will keep them meaningfully occupied .
Williams expressed gratitude to Thomas and pledged to make his region proud . Williams and Eon Gill scored a goal each , while Jamal James netted a hat-trick in Oronoque Slingerz victory . Keanu Williams found the back of the net for Matthew 's Ridge FC .
MSC would like to thank the following entities and persons for making the event a success ; Port Kaituma Power and Light , Port Kaituma Police Officers , Mr. Conrad St. Romain , Mr. Gary James , Mike James , Mr. Hinds of Mabaruma , Kathleen February , Brian Thomas , Dacia Forde and Kaieteur Sports for their coverage .
Most banks to adopt blockchain by 2020
Average investment in blockchain technology this year will be US $ 1 million
More than 80 per cent of global bankers expect to see commercial adoption of the blockchain by 2020 and over half of global financial institutions investing or planning to invest in the technology this year .
This was a key finding of a survey of 100 financial services professionals conducted by Infosys Finacle .
The research also concluded that the average investment in blockchain projects this year is expected to be about USD $ 1 million with 51 per cent of CTOs and CIOs driving initiatives . Only 4 per cent of the survey respondents said they had spent more than US $ 10 million on their blockchain initiatives .
Half the banks are also working with a fintech startup or technology company to augment their blockchain capabilities .
Blockchain rollouts will be prioritised in business areas where the technology can significantly improve transparency , automate processes across enterprises as well as reduce settlement and transaction time , the report said .
The study also revealed that the top 5 use cases expected to production are cross border payments , digital identity management , clearing and settlement , letter of credit process and syndication of loans .
A private blockchain , where access permissions are tightly controlled with rights to modify or read restricted to only a few users , was the most preferred type for 69 per cent of banks . One fifth indicated that they were adopting or planning to adopt hybrid or ‘ consortium ' blockchains where the consensus process is controlled by a pre-selected set of nodes .
Finally , a public or completely decentralised blockchain , where anyone can join the consensus process , was preferred by only 10 per cent of respondents .
In Australia , the Commonwealth Bank is leading the charge on the blockchain front recently creating the first government bond using the technology . CBA issued a cryptobond for Queensland Treasury Corporation using its capital markets blockchain platform .
In October last year , CBA , Wells Fargo and Brighann Cotton completed the first global trade between two independent banks using the blockchain and smart contract technologies .
1
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Tim Sheens believes his side only had themselves to blame after falling to defeat on their return to Super League .
The Robins lost 28-6 to Wakefield , with Rovers struggling to break down Wakefield 's resilient defence .
Sheens believe his side will have to become more clinical as the season progresses .
“ We lost the game , but we did n't get beat , ” Sheens said .
“ I 'm happy with our effort , but not our execution .
“ We were guilty of pushing passes and making some poor decisions , but in the main that came from trying to chase the scoreline . It 's always the case of ifs and buts , but we had some chances that could have turned things around for us , and it 's better to have created the chances and not taken them than not created them at all .
“ We came up with a lot of errors in good ball sets that we need to fix up . The boys are disappointed with their execution , but they 'll be better for that in training this week knowing where they need to improve .
“ They 've all played Super League before and knew what to expect , we just did n't do what we set out to do with the ball . That 's as much on me as it is the players because I want us to play with the football . I do n't want to be just drive it in five times and kick , although there is a time and a place for that . ”
Romantic comedies are the ideal genre for those who consider soap operas too sad , but they do n't mind romance with a fair amount of humor . The characters of our selection of the best romantic comedies get into ridiculous situations , act crazy , laugh and cry , but in the end they always find their love – sometimes where they do n't expect it at all .
Are you looking for romantic comedies to a good laugh ? Do n't know what to watch with your soul mate ? Then we are glad to present you the best romantic comedies .
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
This is a great romantic comedy with Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey . Andy is a journalist of fashion magazine and she gets the task to write an article about the typical mistakes girls make in relationships . She decides to check it on the timely catched publicist , called Benjamin . But Andy does n't suspect that Benjamin also has an assignment . The play of Hudson is perfect , and McConaughey is like a duck to water in the role of the publicist . Easy , funny , adventurous , vital !
This Means War
Two bosom friends , FBI agents fall in love with the same girl . For her sake , the guys are ready to use the entire spying arsenal , because “ all is fair in love and war. ” The cast is excellent : Tom Hardy , Chris Pine , Reese Witherspoon . Yes , there are stamps and banalities in this movie , but for a good romantic comedy the main thing is the mood .
Knight and the day
This is a light thriller , flavoured with humor and romance . Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz – is a perfect acting couple ! Positive mimic , character and fashionable style – all inclusive . Visual effects , landscapes , action and a good game of actors – what else could you ask for ? The film is dynamic and exciting , and most importantly , it boosts spirits !
Friends with Benefits
The essence of the film is clear from the title : do cross-sex relationships exist ? Jamie and Dylan get acquainted at work . She is a headhunter , and he is a talented magazine editor , whom Jamie lured to work in New York . Firstly they have intimate relations , which then grow into the cross-sex relationship . What happens next – watch the romantic comedy .
Il principe abusivo
This is a funny romantic film about the hard life of a princess . What to do if you are a princess and the press do n't write about you at all ? Correctly ! Create a little stink ! Princess Letizia , on the advice of the butler , finds the most worthless inhabitant of the principality , the young dunce Antonio and pretends to have fallen in love with him . They walk and have dinner together , and specially warned paparazzi shoot them . This is a scandal ! The princess marries a beggar . She has achieved her goal , but what to do with Antonio ?
What women want
This wonderful romantic movie masterpiece with Mel Gibson deserves special attention . This film is loved by both men and women . So what happens if men learn to read women 's thoughts ? The leading character gets such a gift , but decides to use it for mercenary purposes . That 'd be okay , but a love suddenly steps in his life .
Pretty Woman
It 's an ageless classic and world masterpiece . The film “ Pretty Woman ” is a romantic comedy about the love that comes when you do n't expect it . When the main characters meet , each of them has a goal : a millionaire Edward wants to be comforted in the arms of a “ streetwalker , ” and Vivian just tries to shift for a living . Watch the film to find out how this fateful meeting turned for them both .
You can find more romantic movies to watch with your significant other on Romance Compass .
Romantic comedies are films for recreation . It 's useful to watch them in order to take life easily , more romantic and with fun . Do n't look for deep meaning , beaten cliches and platitudes , just relax and smile !
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Is this the biggest snowman built in Brum ?
As the region remains in the grip of an arctic freeze and snow continues to batter the area , many children - and adults - have been making the most of it - showing off their snowman making skills .
Social media has been all a flurry with posts of snowmen across the Midlands of various shapes and sizes but Northfields may be home to the biggest snowman in the whole city .
( Image : Audrius Grubliauskas )
Lithuanian born Audrius Grubliauskas , 23 , sent us this picture of the gigantic snowman he made near his brother 's Northfield home on Ley Hill Road .
The snowman has a height of almost three metres and was built with the help of Audrius ' girlfriend Patricija,20 , his brother Aidas , 24 and his fiancee Milda , 26 .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Audrius , a recruitment consultant told us : “ Sunday was the perfect snow day ! We had n't seen snow like it since we left Lithuania over four years ago .
( Image : @ grakimbo )
“ It took around three hours and night was falling when we eventually finished but we were very happy with the results .
The Northfields snowman definitely wins on the size of his girth . Audrius , who lives in Erdington added : '' The snowman 's width at the bottom level ( diameter ) was almost 2 meters and the circumference around 6 meters . ”
Meanwhile Great Barr , Graeme Kimberley 's snowman measured almost 9ft !
As well as lots of snowmen , others have created snow castles and igloos !
( Image : Ben Hurst on Facebook )
In Rugeley , two sisters had a very productive Sunday afternoon . Penny and Amelia Hurst spent two and half hours , creating an impressive igloo in their back garden .
And in Marsdon Green , Daniel Leek,28 . and his neighbour Jake Cunnington , 28 , created a snow castle for their respective children .
( Image : Daniel Leek )
Daniel said : `` My two sons Cohen , 3 and ten month old Carson , live with me and Jake has a three-year-old daughter Olivia so we thought it would be great if we could create an igloo for them . It ended up being more a snow castle but they were really happy with it !
Is your snowman bigger ? Email newsdesk @ birminghammail.co.uk with the evidence !
Birmingham Mail Light Up Christmas for Children campaign with the NSPCC
Spare a thought for kids in need in Birmingham as you enjoy the run up to Christmas .
The Birmingham Mail has launched a campaign to try to help Childline be there for every young person who desperately needs support .
Donate £4 by texting ‘ NSPCC 4 ' to 70030 or visiting nspcc.org.uk/mail
To donate £12 , text ‘ NSPCC 12 ' or to donate £20 , text ‘ NSPCC 20 ' to 70030 .
Text costs include your donation plus your standard network rate . The NSPCC will receive 100 per cent of your donation .
LAUDERDALE LAKES , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Officials released pictures of a man they said robbed a bank in Lauderdale Lakes .
The FBI released those images of the man who they said held up a Chase bank along Oakland Park Boulevard and 52nd Avenue .
According to officials , the man walked into the bank and demanded money from the teller , Monday afternoon .
If you have any information on this bank robbery , call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS . Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 3,000 reward .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
TEMPE , AZ - SEPTEMBER 24 : Head coach Sonny Dykes of the California Golden Bears looks on during warm ups prior to the game against the Arizona State Sun Devils at Sun Devil Stadium on September 24 , 2016 in Tempe , Arizona . ( Photo by Jennifer Stewart/Getty Images ) ORG XMIT : 659548717
New SMU head coach Sonny Dykes praised SMU 's history and his memories of watching the program play during his childhood in a statement announcing his hire on the Hilltop Monday evening .
The 48-year-old Dykes also praised the foundation that former head coach Chad Morris laid at SMU before turning to his plans for the Mustangs ' program .
`` I ca n't tell you how excited I am to be introduced as the Head Coach at SMU . This is home and this is a program I grew up watching . I watched Mustang legends compete and I could always see myself putting on that iconic pony . Today , I 'm proud to do just that , '' said Dykes , who was born in Big Spring and grew up in Lubbock during SMU 's Pony Express teams during the early 1980s .
`` Our brand of football is fun . It 's about excitement . We are going to score a lot of points - always have , always will - and we will balance our offensive production with defensive results , '' Dykes wrote . `` They say that 'Defense Wins Championships , ' and we will look to build a championship-level defense on the Hilltop . One that attacks and plays downhill , just like our offense . I want to thank President Turner , Rick Hart and the rest of the distinguished search committee . I could feel the passion in that room . ''
Hart , the SMU athletic director , touted Dykes ' plan to assemble a strong coaching staff around himself in Dallas before welcoming the former Cal and Louisiana Tech head coach 's wife , Kate , and their children to SMU .
`` Coach Dykes is enthusiastic about joining the Mustang family . He has a plan to assemble a talented staff , dedicated to shaping champions and pursuing championships with integrity , '' Hart said . `` Coach Dykes shares our commitment to establishing SMU as the best overall program in the American Athletic Conference . We welcome Sonny , Kate , Ally , Charlie and Daniel to the Hilltop . ''
Dykes will coach SMU in next week 's Frisco Bowl .
Twitter : @ AdamGrosbard
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce would have made more changes to his starting line-up at Fulham had the back-up been available .
The Villa boss was fuming at having to play two games in quick succession after the club decided against rescheduling Saturday 's defeat against Reading .
Villa had the option to move the game back a day to Good Friday but , as a goodwill gesture , they left the festive period free of a Villa Park fixture so Aston Parish Church could mark the holy day without thousands of football fans nearby .
Aston Villa vs Reading : Why the match is kicking off on Saturday - 24 hours after other Championship fixtures
The reduced rest-period left Villa disadvantaged as Fulham were fitter and fresher and comfortably eased past the claret and blues with a 3-1 victory .
Bruce made five changes and was also hindered by Jonathan Kodjia 's 22nd-minute sending off .
But he said :
“ If I had eight or nine players to bring in I would have changed it .
“ To ask any player to play twice in 48 hours is difficult .
“ If both teams are playing then it 's a bit different .
“ But we have shot ourselves in the foot by playing two games in 48 hours .
“ The reasons baffle me to be perfectly honest . It 's to do with the church , is n't it ? ”
Bruce was angry at the decision to send off Kodjia after he appeared to kick Ryan Fredericks . Replays show that the stopper actually kicked Kodjia first and Bruce believes that is what sparked the top goalscorer 's fuse .
Losing the striker and having to offset tired legs eventually made it too tough of an ask for Villa who were undone in the second half .
“ It was always going to be difficult against a very decent Fulham side , ” Bruce admitted .
“ But we were running on empty .
“ There were five or six of them who really stuck at it having played twice in 48 hours .
“ It was a big call to do that and with ten men it was practically impossible .
“ We did the best we could under the circumstances but it should n't have been a red card . The game was spoiled . ”
Do n't tell Kathy Ireland that it ca n't be done .
While growing up in Santa Barbara , Ireland 's father showed her a job listing in a newspaper because he knew what kind of reaction he would get out of her . The listing read , “ Newspaper carrier wanted : Are you the boy for the job ? ”
“ I wrote to the editor , no , I 'm not the boy for the job ; I 'm the girl for the job , ” said Ireland , who was 11 years old at the time . “ I can do this route better than any boy . I deserve a chance . ”
Her first day on the job , Ireland noticed a man who was so upset that he was red in the face . When she handed the man his paper , he told her she had no business doing a boy 's job and that she would never last .
“ I did n't let him see me cry , but you know what ? To this day , I 'm really grateful to that man because there were a lot of days I felt like quitting , but I would n't give him the satisfaction , ” said Ireland , who spoke to about 200 people Wednesday night at the Catalyst for Thought event at Fess Parker 's DoubleTree Resort . “ I held on to that route until I was nearly 16 , and each year won Carrier of the Year for my district . ”
The supermodel turned businesswoman has used that motivation to fuel her $ 1.5 billion company , Kathy Ireland Worldwide , a brand that “ finds solutions for families , especially busy , underserved moms. ” The company designs and markets about 45,000 items , including furniture , clothing , accessories , skin care products , real estate , music and publications .
Ireland 's first product was a pair of socks . Although many ridiculed her idea , she said , socks are something everyone needs and it gauged her team 's creativity and innovation . As doors slammed in their face , she and her team slept in airports to save money as they kept pitching their product .
“ People said , ‘ You ca n't start a brand with a pair of socks . It has never been done , ' ” Ireland said . “ That does n't mean it ca n't be done — that 's noise . In order to succeed you have to turn off the noise of negativity so you can move forward with plans for your dream . ”
The mother of three has learned that successful businesses treat their workers as family .
When the line of socks took off , the brand 's exclusive seller , Kmart , fell on hard times and declared bankruptcy in 2002 . The bank threatened to take her and her corporate officers ' homes .
“ It was the largest bankruptcy in retail history , and my heart still breaks for the thousands of people who lost their jobs ... but no one on our team lost their job , ” Ireland said . “ I never had a family business ; we 've always had a business family . When you treat your team like family , there 's no limit to what you can accomplish . ”
Ireland also advised that men buy products and women join brands . She said product quality is paramount .
“ A well-branded , high-quality product will outperform another generic product of the same or lessor value , especially in economic hard times , ” Ireland said .
To cap off the night , Ireland reflected on a question she answered on a panel with Maya Angelou and Barbara Walters : “ Can women have it all ? ”
“ Barbara said no , but I respectfully disagreed , ” Ireland said . “ I think we can have it all , but not all at once . ”
The next Catalyst for Thought event will feature Rincon Venture Partners co-founder Rick Adelman at 12:15 p.m. Thursday , Oct. 6 at the University Club of Santa Barbara .
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
GREENVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) – Each year , thousands of car accidents occur in cities and towns in the East . In Greenville alone , an average of 500 accidents are reported each month .
North Carolina law requires every driver to carry insurance , but despite that , some do n't .
Most insurance plans have what is called uninsured or under-insured coverage , which will cover any damage done if you 're hit by an uninsured or under-insured driver .
However , that coverage is n't free .
“ Uninsured or under-insured vehicle motor coverage could go anywhere from $ 13 every six months , up to $ 110 every six months , ” said Gayle Bailey with Mack Beale State Farm in Greenville .
Bailey said the price could fluctuate depending on your plan and how many cars you have on your policy .
She said many drivers do n't understand that those payments are to protect them , not necessarily pay for drivers without insurance . Bailey said drivers who do not have insurance could face fines or lose their license all together .
The uninsured or under-insured coverage can only be applied if you can prove the other driver who has no insurance is at fault . The good news is these types of claims wo n't impact your insurance rate .
The Russ Parr Morning Show
Your browser does not support iframes .
Joyce Hudson is a registered dietician and certified diabetic educator . Click on the audio player to hear more on this on The Russ Parr Morning Show .
Follow @ RussParrShow
Keep Up With The Russ Parr Morning Show … LIKE Him On Facebook !
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
Photo : Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of his debut album , Love Hate .
Related : Ty Dolla $ ign Drops ‘ Love U Better ' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of his full-length debut , which dropped on Dec. 11 , 2007 .
“ Love Hate Changed Everything ! , ” The-Dream shared on Instagram . “ Like it or Not ! ”
Listen to the new track , “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” which contains explicit lyrics , now at Radio.com .
FILE - This Sept. 21 , 2016 , file photo shows Exxon Mobil 's Billings Refinery in Billings , Mont . New trails , fishing sites and other recreational features will be built along Montana 's Yellowstone River as compensation for damage from an Exxon Mobil Corp. pipeline spill , under a plan approved Wednesday , May 30 , by the governor . Matthew Brown , File AP Photo
Menasha , Wis. ( WBAY ) — A Wisconsin man was arrested at the stroke of midnight leading into the new year . The Menasha Police Department says the man was drunk when he launched at a patrol car with two officers inside .
The patrol car , at the time , was parked in the roadway . Police say the man charged at the vehicle , causing significant damage to the windshield . Video on the Menasha Police Department 's Facebook page shows the entire incident .
Two officers were hurt while trying to take the suspect into custody . One of the officers was taken to the hospital but later released .
Menasha police say the man who charged at the patrol car was also taken to the hospital but eventually booked into the Winnebago County Jail on several charges . The name of the suspect has not yet been released .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Officers have discovered a cannabis farm worth in the region of £60,000 .
A squad from Perry Barr Station executed a raid at an address on Moor Lane , Witton , last Friday ( April 20 ) , where they found 60 cannabis plants being cultivated .
The operation was shut down and a West Midlands Police spokeswoman said a 40-year-old man was arrested and has been released as investigations continue .
The spokeswoman said : “ Police executed a planned warrant at an address on Moor Lane , Witton last Friday ( 20 April ) .
“ Around 60 cannabis plants were found inside and the disposal team were called to dismantle the factory .
“ A 40-year-old man arrested on suspicion of cannabis cultivation has been released pending further investigation as enquiries continue . ”
The same day , a drugs factory worth an estimated £100,000 was discovered in the garden of a house on Round Road , Erdington .
The Sutton New Hall neighbourhood team quipped there was a job opportunity for a gardener after a discovering a lawn was ‘ overgrown with weed ' .
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said : “ Police responding to information from the public , executed a warrant at an address in Round Road .
“ A search of the property revealed 99 cannabis plants in one of the bedrooms , which were seized by police .
“ No arrests have been made and police investigations are on-going . ”
Around 100 plants were also found growing in three bedrooms and a loft after police raided a property on Heybarnes Road , Small Heath , after a tip-off .
Police are looking for two men who fled the property , while a third person has been referred on to immigration .
A West Midlands Police spokeswoman said : “ Officers attended the address just after 10am on 18 April acting on community information and found a cannabis factory in three bedrooms and the loft .
“ One man was detained on possession with intent to supply but released without further action and referred to immigration .
“ Two other men who fled from the property are still bring sought .
“ A really good team effort by all of our officers who stayed on late and worked very hard . ”
After fighting what appeared to be a losing battle with youthful skaters to keep the city 's waterfront skateboard park closed , Santa Barbara officials announced Wednesday afternoon that Skater 's Point would reopen in time for the July 4 holiday .
The city had temporarily closed Skater 's Point on Tuesday , citing unruly behavior and drug use over the weekend by some skaters .
The park 's entrances were boarded up , flyers were posted , and chains were place across the skate areas to inhibit skaters . The facility along Cabrillo Boulevard near Stearns Wharf was planned to stay closed until Friday .
But the skateboarders were undaunted by the city 's efforts , and at least twice cut the chains lining the park , and ripped down flyers that the city Parks and Recreation Department kept stapling to the wooden barriers blocking both entrances .
Parks Director Nancy Rapp caved on her three-day closure and announced Wednesday afternoon that the park will open Thursday morning .
She decided to close the park following a Sunday incident of park users throwing water balloons at passersby and responding city staff , and hurling insults and threats as well .
It was meant to get attention , but skaters used bolt cutters to get rid of the chains and were back in the park quickly .
They even set up scouts to shout warnings when a park ranger or police officer was spotted nearby , so everyone could get out of the park in time .
“ We 've continued to have a problem with restriction of any of the barriers we 've put into place , and we were concerned for police resources ; this is a busy time for the holiday , ” Rapp said . “ We 're hoping that when the skate park opens , everything will go smoothly and we 'll have people on better behavior . ”
There will be an increased presence of police and park rangers , as there has been all week , she added .
There was a heavy police presence Wednesday afternoon , when one officer parked his car on the lawn near the park for a while , watching the group .
Skaters decided to circle around the squad car and take pictures with their phones , and the officer drove away shortly after .
One local man , Alan Florian , 20 , said it 's tradition for him to skate at the park with friends every Fourth of July while his family barbecues nearby , and the closure – meant to continue through Thursday – was bad news for the people who follow the rules .
He suggested bringing back a supervisor or park monitor to keep out the people who only come to get drunk or high .
“ Kids are just trying to have fun , ” said Jason , 18 , who usually rides BMX bikes and wandered by the closed park Wednesday afternoon . None of them would have been making trouble if not for the chains , he added .
Around 3 p.m. Wednesday , there were seven different Santa Barbara Police officers gathered in the parking lot near Skater 's Point talking over the problem , but not citing any of the skaters using the park at that time .
That included at least two squad cars , downtown beat coordinator Kasi Beutel , and two bicycle officers .
Police Sgt . Riley Harwood said police have been responding to calls at the park and making regular checks as part of their patrols , with about 10 visits for the first day and a half of the closure .
No one has been cited for using the closed park , but there were a few arrests and citations for drug-related crimes at or near the park Tuesday night , he said .
It was Rapp 's decision to close the park , and the police department “ will try to support that to the best of our ability , ” he said .
There used to a park monitor of sorts when the facility was new , after its construction in 2001 , but staff were the victims of verbal and physical assault , among other things , he said .
Some of the park users are very confrontational , and a typical park monitor is n't effective under those circumstances , he said .
The park has always been popular for skaters and spectators , with relatively few problems , Rapp said . The city has closed the park a few times due to situations with illegal or unsafe behavior , like drug use , drug dealing and vandalism .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Two men have died in separate workplace-related accidents , it has been confirmed .
A man died on a farm at Adamstown , Co Wexford , on Monday morning . Another man was killed at a quarry in Killyvane , Co Monaghan .
A spokesman for the Health and Safety Authority confirmed it was investigating both accidents but no further details were immediately available .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Wakefield chief Chris Chester was adamant his side deserved to get something out of their defeat to Wigan .
Liam Marshall 's late try condemned Trinity to a second Easter defeat after losing to Castleford on Good Friday .
But Chester insisted his side were unfortunate to lose .
“ I thought we deserved something out of it . They were two evenly-matched sides and to not come away with anything is disappointing .
“ The effort was fantastic , we just lacked any real patience down their end . If we had executed better , we may well have got something out of it . It was just the final pass and there were four or five penalties in the second half that really hurt us . We had to do it tough , as well , losing a couple of bodies early doors , we ran out of fit blokes at the end but there are lots to be pleased about .
“ I thought we were really physical and defended very well . If we keep playing like that , we will win more than we lose . There were some really good efforts out there , unfortunately , we just came up short . ”
Increasing fees will help the city with construction and infrastructure costs
With the City of Santa Barbara planning to boost utility rates along with the rest of the 2013-14 budget , and the City Council held a public hearing this week about the rate increases .
Water , wastewater and trash rates are rising to cover costs of more construction and infrastructure .
The water-rate structure will stay mostly the same , but rates are expected to increase 3 percent across the board .
The average single-family residential customer can expect an increase from $ 67.75 to $ 67.81 monthly .
Wastewater rates will increase 4 percent and could result in small increases , city staff members said .
The biggest change comes to trash customers , since the city 's new contract with MarBorg Industries includes a 2.68 percent rate increase and different charges for services such as recycling , green waste and food scraps .
Multi-unit residential customers will see increases up to 15 percent , and commercial customers could see rate hikes of 25 percent or more depending on how often their trash is collected and how much they already use recycling and food scraps services , according to city staff .
Rate studies expect 30 percent of business customers to see rates go down , half will see increases up to 25 percent and about 20 percent will see rates increase over 25 percent .
There are also about 60 total agriculture water customers , with 10 to 15 outside city limits , city staff members said .
Heal the Ocean director Hillary Hauser spoke in favor of the new rates , saying it was important to make them high enough to keep up with infrastructure costs .
“ We really need to convince ratepayers that trash is a valuable service and it 's worth every penny , ” she said . “ We can turn lights off , read by candlelight and put on a sweater , but we ca n't live in our waste . This rate increase is so modest , and I wish it were more . ”
Water Resources manager Rebecca Bjork also reminded council members that the Lake Cachuma reservoir levels would drop noticeably over the summer , since the Santa Ynez River Water Conservation District will be releasing water to replenish groundwater supplies .
“ We have saved water in Cachuma to make up for it , but it 's a milestone that shows us it 's dry , ” she said .
City Councilman Bendy White said it will be a shock for people driving by .
“ Even when we made all these wonderful plans , when these conditions exist , it feels dicey , ” he said . “ Hopefully , we get a nice , righteous rain this next year , and if not , the cumulative years of drought wear on our supply . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Only piles of charred rubble remain of an unoccupied house that burned in Bethel this weekend . The cause of the fire is unknown and under investigation .
At 11 p.m. on Friday , firefighters responded to a report of smoke coming from a wooden house on Osage Avenue , located across from the Teen Center .
When the fire crew arrived , flames covered the downstairs and were moving to the second story . Soon , the fire engulfed the entire structure , shooting from windows and doors , sending bright orange embers flying through the night .
Water truck drivers arrived at the scene and helped the fire department attach hoses to hydrants in City Subdivision .
It was a long night of nonstop work ; the crew returned to the fire station at six the next morning .
Later that day , on Saturday , the city knocked down what remained of the scorched building .
“ One of the walls fell as soon as it was touched , so it was very unstable , very unsafe , '' said Fire Chief Bill Howell .
The house had been unoccupied and stood in disrepair . Fires are always dangerous for firefighters , and Howell says that abandoned buildings make that danger more unpredictable .
“ You do n't know what the internal condition of the building is . ”
Firefighters might be facing holes in the floor and ceilings , or walls that are partially constructed .
“ Fuel systems or other heating appliances may or may not be fully functional , or might have safety features that are only partially installed , ” added Howell .
And the biggest question : is anyone inside ? Crews searched the first floor of the building when they arrived , but the stairs were too unstable to search the second story .
If someone was caught in the building , Howell says that with the intensity of the blaze , only bone fragments would be left . So far , none have been found .
Abandoned houses can draw squatters or people seeking protection from the elements . Sometimes those people start fires in wood stoves or other heating sources . Unmaintained systems increase the risk of the fire spreading .
Howell recommends that property owners cover windows and doors of unused buildings with plywood and have someone regularly checking the structure .
By Jim Patterson
Editor 's note : This is the first in a three-part series examining major issues that will face the Colorado State Legislature when it convenes its 71st General Assembly Jan. 11 . The series will continue Tuesday with a look at the state budget , housing and how potential federal changes might affect Colorado and conclude Friday with a look at state Senate priorities .
A number of important issues await Colorado legislators as the first regular session of the 71st …read more
Via : : Steamboat Today
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Organisers of V Festival 2017 have released the stage times in full ahead of the two-day event .
Festival-goers have been asking for the timings for weeks and now they are finally here .
The event takes place on Saturday , August 19 , and Sunday , August 20 .
Acts like Jay-Z , Pink and Craig David will be taking to the stage at Weston Park in Shifnal for the festival 's Staffordshire leg .
But what are the clashes that need to be avoided ?
Here is all you need to know :
Saturday
Main Stage
( Image : Yui Mok/PA Wire )
Scouting for Girls 12.15pm
Jack Savoretti 1.10pm
Clean Bandit 2.15pm
Emeli Sande 2.55pm
Jason Derulo 3.25pm
Stormzy 6.15pm
Ellie Goulding 7.35pm
Jay-Z 9.15pm
MTV Stage
Lauren Faith 12pm
Jay Sean 12.45pm
Raye 1.35pm
The Wailers 2.30pm
JP Cooper 3.35pm
Krept & Konan 4.40pm
The Wombats 6.45pm
Dizzee Rascal 8pm
Pete Tong & the Heritage Orchestra 9.35pm
JBL Dance Arena
Jamz Supernova 1.15pm
Tom Zanetti 2.15pm
Toddla T 3.15pm
Fred V & Grafix 4.15pm
Disciples 5.15pm
Example & DJ Wire 6.30pm
Hannah Wants 7.45pm
Gorgon City Live 9.30pm
V Street Stage
Yung Fume 12pm
Lisa Mercedez 1pm
Izzie Gibbs 2pm
AJ X Deno 3pm
Matt Willis 4pm
Mabel 5pm
Nadia Rose 6pm
M.O . 7pm
Yungen 8.15pm
Sunday
Main stage
( Image : Yui Mok/PA Wire )
Busted 12.15pm
Ella Eyre 1.10pm
James Arthur 2.15pm
Madness 3.25pm
George Ezra 4.55pm
Jess Glynne 6.15pm
Craig David 7.35pm
Pink 9.15pm
MTV Stage
Betsy 12.30pm
Calum Scott 1.25pm
The Naked and Famous 2.20pm
The Vamps 3.20pm
Jonas Blue 4.25pm
Anne-Marie 5.35pm
SIGMA Live 6.45pm
Sean Paul 8pm
Rudimental 9.10pm
V Street Stage
Alex Ross 12pm
Jerry Williams 1pm
Naations 2pm
HRVY 3pm
Imani Williams 4pm
Elle Exxe 5pm
Callum Beattie 6pm
Slang 7pm
Zak Abel 8.15pm
JBL Dance Arena
James Organ 12pm
Lost Kings 1.45pm
Digital Farm Animals 3pm
Don Diablo 4.15pm
Sigala ( DJ set ) 5.30pm
Alan Walker 6.45pm
Galantis 8pm
Steve Aoki 9.15pm
PARIS - France 's National Assembly has adopted a controversial immigration bill that speeds up the asylum process and accelerates deportations after a fierce debate that exposed divisions in President Emmanuel Macron 's party .
After 61 hours of discussion , the legislation , which was slammed by the left as too tough and the right as too soft , was approved late Sunday by 228 votes in favour to 139 against .
Fourteen members of Macron 's centrist Republic on the Move ( LREM ) party were among the 24 MPs who abstained , and one dissident quit the LREM parliamentary group after joining the naysayers -- a rare display of defiance in the usually on-message movement .
Jean-Michel Clement , a former member of the Socialist Party who joined Macron 's party last year , said he had voted with his `` conscience '' .
Opposition was the strongest on the right , with the conservative Republicans and far-right National Front ( FN ) leading a failed charge for much tougher controls on immigration .
FN leader Marine Le Pen , who won 36 percent of the vote in last year 's presidential election run-off , said the law would lead to a `` flood of migration '' .
But NGOs were also up in arms .
Within minutes of the vote Amnesty International France issued a statement warning that the `` dangerous '' legislation , which allows for failed asylum-seekers to be detained for up to 90 days , jeopardised migrants ' rights .
- 'Locking up foreigners ' -
The French migrant-support charity Cimade was also sharply critical of the draft law .
`` So men , women and children can be locked up for three months without committing an offence . No government has ever gone so far on locking up foreigners , '' it tweeted .
But opinion polls show voters supporting stricter rules , which the government presented as necessary to check the rise of populists who are on the march across Europe .
On Saturday , far-right activists from various European countries blocked a key mountain pass on the border with Italy to try to prevent migrants -- mostly young men from west Africa -- crossing .
France received a record 100,000 asylum applications last year , bucking the general trend in Europe where the number of asylum seekers halved between 2016 and 2017 .
MPs spent the weekend haggling over more than 1,000 proposed amendments to the bill , which aims to both improve conditions for asylum-seekers by halving the waiting time for a response to six months , and get tougher with those deemed `` economic '' migrants .
Leftwing opponents lashed out at measures to keep asylum seekers in detention .
`` Nothing justifies locking up a kid , '' said Socialist deputy Herve Saulignac .
- 'Solidarity offence ' -
Leftist critics had also complained about plans to cut the time within which asylum-claimers can appeal if rejected for refugee status from four weeks to two , saying they would not have enough time to defend their claim .
They also came out against a proposed `` solidarity offence '' targeting people who assist border-jumpers , like farmer Cedric Herrou , a farmer who was given a suspended sentence for helping migrants cross into France from Italy .
The government eventually agreed to exempt anyone providing struggling newcomers with food , accommodation , medical , linguistic , legal or social assistance .
Among the measures that received broad support on the centre and left were plans to help refugees better integrate , with more free French lessons and the right to work after being in France for six months .
Despite the fractious debate , the bill was never really in jeopardy , thanks to Macron 's large parliamentary majority . It now moves to the Senate .
The horse-trading in the National Assembly came as Macron 's reform of the public sector runs into stiff opposition from trade unions and students , who have conducted weeks of strikes , demonstrations and sit-ins .
Rail workers object to plans to strip new recruits of jobs-for-life and early retirement while students have occupied some universities over new requirements for admission to public universities .
The unions are gambling on the resistance swelling into a mass movement but opinion polls suggest the opposite is happening , with just 43 percent backing the strike in an Ifop survey released Sunday and train strikes starting to ease .
Environmental advocacy groups with a strong mind to advance their agendas are increasingly using a clever , albeit abusive , way to game the regulatory process . It 's called “ sue and settle , ” and it 's resulting in interested parties — states , industries and businesses — being shut out of major regulatory decisions . What 's most corrosive about this practice is that key federal agencies are in on it .
Here 's how it works : An environmental advocacy group sues a federal agency , usually the Environmental Protection Agency , to issue regulations by a specific deadline . Then the agency chooses not to defend itself against the lawsuit . Instead , the group and the agency work out an agreement .
It should surprise no one that the settlement tends to favor the interest group .
Once the draft settlement agreement is lodged with the court , those who disagree with it or will be harmed by its stipulations have little opportunity to offer input . In some cases , public comment is invited at this stage , but it is too little too late .
The courts typically give these consent decrees their stamp of approval as if they are settlements between private parties — and not sweeping agreements between key regulatory agencies and special interest groups .
Sue and settle is more common than you may think . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce just released a report , “ Sue and Settle : Regulating Behind Closed Doors , ” that identifies at least 60 occasions from 2009 to 2012 when the EPA settled with interest groups . These settlements directly resulted in the EPA agreeing to propose more than 100 new regulations , many of which would impose tens of millions of dollars , or even billions , in compliance costs .
A dramatic example is Utility MACT , one of the most costly and consequential rules to come out of the EPA . Environmental groups filed a lawsuit seeking to force the EPA to issue “ maximum achievable control technology ” air quality for power plants . The agency settled in less than a year and agreed to take regulatory action not mandated by the Clean Air Act .
The resulting rule will cost our economy $ 9.6 billion annually . It could shutter coal-fired power plants across the country , jeopardizing U.S. jobs and an essential staple of our energy supply . And all because of a settlement reached behind closed doors and without the involvement of the industries , businesses and communities that would be impacted .
Congress must rein in this injurious practice by passing the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2013 .
For our part , the Chamber of Commerce will continue to spotlight this issue at SueandSettle.com . We will fight any effort by any agency or interest group to set national policy out of the light of public scrutiny .
— Tom Donohue is president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . The opinions expressed are his own .
Image copyright Matthew Murphy Image caption Shall We Dance ? is perhaps The King and I 's best-known song
The King and I is back in the West End , 67 years on from its Broadway debut . Is the musical showing its age , or has it still something to say to modern audiences ?
Shall we dance ? That 's the question posed by a new production of The King and me , Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II 's classic musical about East meeting West .
The show , about a 19th Century British widow who travels to Siam ( now Thailand ) to tutor its monarch 's many children , boasts familiar tunes , adorable child actors and lavish production values .
Yet its portrait of a white woman being both fascinated and repelled by a society depicted as both backward and barbarous ca n't help but feel patronisingly out of step with modern sensibilities .
Reviewing the current production , which launched in New York in 2015 and won four Tonys , the Telegraph 's Dominic Cavendish calls The King and I `` one of the most problematic musicals of the 20th Century American canon . ''
Image copyright Matthew Murphy Image caption The musical is set in Siam , which changed its name to Thailand in 1939
Michael Billington expresses similar sentiments in The Guardian , saying it `` seems to endorse the idea of the civilising influence of the west on the barbaric east . ''
The Independent 's Paul Taylor detects `` a smack of imperial condescension to this story of a widowed , well-bred Victorian governess who ... gives a funny foreign despot ... a stiff dose of Western values . ''
Time Out 's Andrzej Lukowski , meanwhile , calls the musical `` kind of racist ... like an elderly relative who you make allowances for on grounds of age . ''
So should The King and I have been put out to pasture ? Not according to director Bartlet Sher , who insists it remains `` resonant , powerful and extremely well-conceived '' .
He also dismisses suggestions the piece has dated , saying its views on colonialism , gender equality and the conflict between modernity and tradition make it `` as timely and powerful as ever '' .
`` Do they say that about The Merchant of Venice ? '' he told the BBC after Tuesday 's gala opening at the London Palladium .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner starred in the 1956 film version
`` If you go into the British Museum or the National Gallery , do you say that painting 's had its time ? It does n't make sense .
`` Not everyone has to see the same things in it , but it has the same sort of information any great classic has . ''
For many , The King and I will always be associated with Yul Brynner , the Russian-born caucasian actor who played the King in the 1956 film version and thousands more times on stage .
According to The Stage , `` the persistence of yellowface casting has always made the show seem insensitive in its portrayal of the East . ''
`` Yellowface '' refers to the casting of white actors as East Asian characters .
When The King and I was being created , Rex Harrison and Noel Coward were considered for the role of the King .
In the current production , however , King Mongkut is portrayed , as is now the custom , by an Asian performer .
Image copyright Matthew Murphy Image caption Ken Watanabe plays the King , a role that won Brynner an Oscar in 1957
That man is Ken Watanabe , the Japanese star of films including Memoirs of a Geisha and Letters from Iwo Jima , and who was Oscar-nominated in 2004 for The Last Samurai .
`` You need someone with enormous stage skills and presence and Ken has that kind of stature , '' says Sher . `` He brings the whole strength of Asia with him . ''
Watanabe - who listens to Beatles music in his dressing room to help him prepare - told the BBC the musical felt `` very contemporary '' .
`` Either Rodgers and Hammerstein were writing ahead of their time or we 're not learning , '' agreed Kelli O'Hara , his Tony-winning co-star .
`` We 're still talking about understanding each other across certain lines , about gender equality and religious understanding . I ca n't think of a better time to be doing this again . ''
According to Sher , efforts have been made to avoid `` decorative Orientalism '' and to show the King of Siam being realistically `` besieged on all sides by colonial forces '' .
Image copyright Matthew Murphy Image caption Catherine Zuber designed the production 's exotic costumes
The real King Mongkut reigned from 1804 to 1868 , embracing Western innovations and initiating Thailand 's modernisation .
Sher 's revival restores Western People Funny , a song frequently excised from previous productions , in which the women of Mongkut 's court deride Westerners for being `` sentimental about the Oriental '' .
`` The song makes a lot of sense now , '' the director told the BBC . `` It 's an ironic commentary about how the West judges the East . ''
`` I was so pleased Bart put the number back in because it balances things out , '' said the Japanese-born actress Naoko Mori , who shares the role of the song 's singer , Lady Thiang , with Ruthie Ann Miles .
Though some critics have expressed reservations about the material , most are in agreement about the merits of its current incarnation .
The Mail 's Quentin Letts describes the show as offering `` a night of old-fashioned glamour '' , while The Times ' Ann Treneman praises its `` fabulous '' set-pieces .
Image copyright Matthew Murphy Image caption O'Hara won a Tony award for playing Anna , the ' I ' of the title
`` This musical is from the golden age of Broadway but is also absolutely rooted in another time past : a colonial age when Britain ruled the waves , '' Treneman continues in her five-star review .
`` Sher embraces both legacies , doing justice to the deeper themes but never stinting on the spectacle . ''
All the critics , meanwhile , are unanimous in their praise of US actress O'Hara , who makes her West End debut - and sports a convincing English accent - as plucky governess Anna Leonowens .
`` I 've never heard Hello , Young Lovers better delivered , '' says The Guardian 's critic , referring to one of Anna 's soaring romantic numbers .
The Stage , meanwhile , says it is `` a treat '' to see an actress it glowingly calls `` the Julie Andrews of the modern era '' .
Hugh Bonneville , Tamsin Greig and Dame Esther Rantzen were among the stars who chose Tuesday night 's performance over England 's World Cup win against Colombia .
The King and I continue at the London Palladium until 29 September .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
The Dream Foundation , the first and largest national wish-granting organization for adults and their families battling life-threatening illness , gathered its past board members Thursday night along with Priscilla Presley , Kathy Ireland and artist Casey Abrams to provide a retrospective of the foundation 's history in advance of its 20th anniversary next year .
“ We are on the cusp of some very exciting growth , which will allow us to serve more families and continue our founding promise to never say no to a dying adult , ” Dream Foundation founder and President Thomas Rollerson said in addressing the crowd at the first-ever Emeritus Board Dinner held at the El Encanto Hotel . “ It has taken a village to bring the gift of final dreams to now nearly 17,000 individuals and their families . You are that village of dream makers . ”
Longtime Dream Foundation ambassadors Ireland and Presley received special recognition for their consummate service to the Dream Foundation over the years . Singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist and American Idol alum Abrams performed selections from his self-titled debut album released through the Concord Music Group .
“ You realize what these people are going through . They need some form of hope , ” Abrams said of the individuals and their families served by the Dream Foundation . “ It 's all about the recycling of happiness . When you see they are happy , you get that feeling that you have helped in a little way . ”
The gathering of nearly 50 committed and supporting individuals included 13 emeritus board members as well as current members of the Board of Directors , Medical Advisory Board and Honorary Board of Governors .
All in attendance have worked in various capacities since the Dream Foundation 's inception in 1994 to fulfill its mission of enhancing the quality of life for individuals and their families facing a life-threatening illness by fulfilling a heart 's final wish . Since that time , the organization has welcomed more than 1,600 volunteers and numerous corporate Partners in Dreams nationwide , who all assist to serve more than 2,500 dreams annually .
Ireland is the founding Dream Foundation ambassador , a position she accepted in 1999 . She has also served on the Honorary Board of Governors since 2003 . Ireland generously donates her time meeting dream recipients and attending Dream Foundation events .
Presley has served as a Dream Foundation ambassador , Honorary Board of Governors member and spokeswoman since 2002 . She travels and represents the Dream Foundation across the country , spreading the mission , meeting dream recipients , and hosting and attending events .
The event was hosted by a steering committee consisting of longtime supporters Clay Dickens , Ron Macleod , Holly Murphy and A.J . Rice .
— Kelly Sweda is the communications manager for the Dream Foundation .
The state of Tennessee has filed a lawsuit against the federal government over the refugee resettlement program .
The lawsuit , which was filed Monday by the Tennessee General Assembly , argues that the refugee program is forcing the state to spend money on additional services , such as health care and education .
The suit asks that the refugee resettlement program be shut down until the federal government pays Tennessee all the costs it incurs as a result of the program . State Attorney General Herbert Slatery III declined to file the lawsuit on behalf of the lawmakers . The suit was filed by the Thomas More Law Center for free .
Gov . Bill Haslam last year declined to sign a resolution passed in the Legislature that demanded the state file the lawsuit .
Colorful PEZ dispensers fill the walls of Ricardo Hall 's office , neatly lined on wooden stands built by his father-in-law . In front of the dispensers sit framed photos of his family , particularly his daughters , who have played an important role in helping Hall acquire his collection .
Family is important to Hall , Lehigh 's new vice provost of Student Affairs . He said the stars aligned when he heard about the opportunity to work at Lehigh — it afforded him the ability to take the next step in his career all while being closer to family .
Hall previously served in a variety of roles at Wake Forest and Clemson universities and most recently worked as associate vice president of Student Affairs at Miami University since 2006 .
Patricia Whitely , the vice president of Student Affairs at Miami , said Hall simply loves working with college students and is able to connect with them to bring about change .
“ He is able to enact , embrace and challenge change , ” Whitely said . “ He is able to have uncomfortable and sometimes difficult conversations , especially around diversity and inclusion , and students respect him as well as enjoy him . ”
While it was difficult to leave Miami 's year-round warm weather behind him , Hall said he was excited to arrive at Lehigh as the university was beginning a new plan for the future .
“ When the Path to Prominence was introduced , I said to myself , ‘ This is so forward-thinking , ' ” Hall said . “ The university recently celebrated its 150th anniversary and now institutional leadership is saying , ‘ We want to do even more , be even better , be more prominent . ' ”
Anne Anderson , an associate professor of finance and head of the search committee to identify the next vice provost of Student Affairs , said the university was searching for someone who could be a change agent during this significant time .
“ We were n't looking for someone who could simply keep the ship afloat , we wanted someone who would actually start steering the ship in a different direction , ” Anderson said . “ And that direction had to be one that would move us to the next level . ”
Hall was on board , but he needed to get all hands on deck .
In order to better understand Lehigh students and become familiar with the campus culture , Hall said he had to take a deep dive into the university . Although the University of Miami has a similar student profile to that of Lehigh , Hall had to acclimate to a new community .
“ Lehigh , it 's different , ” Hall said . “ The pace is different , it 's a little bit slower than in South Florida . Lehigh has a diverse community , both the greater Bethlehem metropolitan area and the campus community , but it 's defined in different ways . ”
Hall said he also needed to get to know the university 's town-gown relationship with Bethlehem , as well as the working relationship between students and faculty , to truly see Lehigh through the eyes of a student .
Hall said he spent much of his first months on campus observing and getting to know students in their own spaces . From attending athletic events and checking out tablings on the front lawn to grabbing lunch with first-year students and signing up for Bed Races , Hall said everything he has done was in an effort to gain a first-hand Lehigh experience .
Part of getting and understanding that experience also meant investigating Lehigh 's perceived party culture .
“ I would drive around midnight , one in the morning , Thursday , Friday night , just to see what was going on , ” Hall said . “ I 'd watch students shuffling down the Hill , going over to Hillside ( Avenue ) , Fourth Street , Third Street , looking for house parties , and I get that . ”
Hall said he understands that Lehigh students want to have fun , like college students around the nation . However , they must do so safely and develop an awareness of those around them , including South Bethlehem residents who are often disrupted by parties on weekday nights .
“ Lehigh students have somewhat limited social options , ” Hall said . “ There is no South Beach for Lehigh students like there is in Miami , so parties are going to happen in the properties adjacent to campus in Bethlehem . ”
Soon after he arrived at Lehigh , Hall recognized how many spaces were available on campus and how infrequently they were used on Friday and Saturday nights . Since then , Hall has worked with student organizations to provide further social options , like Late Night Lamberton .
Hall said students think in straight lines and right angles when considering social options , and instead , wants them to think outside of the box when looking for ways to socialize with peers . He said thinking outside of the box will also allow students to better understand what Hall considers Lehigh 's two-sided circumstance .
“ There are two perceptions , and one is actually a perception and one is a reality , ” Hall said . “ First , there is the reality that we are a top 50 institution , which is clear and consistent in the national rankings . Then , there 's this perception that Lehigh is a party school . We have to decide who we want to be . ”
Hall said partying is something college students do , but it should not be part of the Lehigh identity .
Much of Lehigh 's identity formation , or transformation , will take place in the coming years as the Path to Prominence unfolds .
Hall said he is developing a new strategic plan with every division of Student Affairs and encouraging his staff to envision what their services will look like when there are 1,000 more students on campus .
Student Affairs will also play a large role in the Bridge West Housing Project as well as the re-envisioning of the University Center . Hall said students will start to think more outside the box , and welcome changes to Lehigh culture , as they watch the university change its physical and social landscape .
“ I 've dug a little bit deeper and heard from students that this is the way it 's always been and we really have n't thought much to move outside of our box , outside of the social categories we 've placed ourselves in , ” Hall said . “ But I 've also seen a genuine willingness of students to engage and embrace change . ”
Authorities say a man went to a New Haven , Connecticut home to meet his date and was robbed by two suspects . Google Maps
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita , 80-plus Valentine 's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery 's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
1:04 River Ridge 's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question , says 'Our country 's so innocent ? '
For an optimal navigation , the RFI website requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser .
To take full advantage of multimedia content , you must have the Flash plugin installed in your browser .
To connect , you need to enable cookies in your browser settings .
For an optimal navigation , the RFI site is compatible with the following browsers : Internet Explorer 8 and above , Firefox 10 and + , Safari 3+ , Chrome 17 and + etc .
Fresh produce in Iliamna and Newhalen usually comes in the form of produce with a long shelf life — apples , oranges , onions and potatoes , for example . Three years ago , George Hornberger and Evelyn Trefon started a community garden to add variety .
The process starts in the school . Newhalen school 's 65 students raise starts , including radishes , kale , swiss chard , snap peas and potatoes . The high schoolers replant those starts in a greenhouse when the plants are large enough . The community comes together in June to put those young plants in the ground in the community garden . At the end of the summer they harvest the bounty .
`` Our strawberries just did amaze this year . I ca n't believe how many strawberries we got off of the little plants . Also the kale just went crazy this year . It was bright green and full of vitamins and nutrients , '' said Trefon .
This week , they harvested the last of the potatoes . Those will be divvied up between all the families in the community . The kale , rutabaga , squash and radishes went to school lunches .
Trefon also started a pop-up produce market this year . Once a week she set up shop with produce from Anchorage , Igiugig , Port Alsworth and Pope Vannoy . Of all the fruits and greens , one was a clear favorite .
`` Bananas were definitely my number one seller this summer . I sold a case of bananas , which is 100 bananas , every week , '' Trefon said . Some weeks she sold more . In total , she sold 1,800 bananas .
Others in town brought bread , jam , sushi and crafts to sell .
Trefon said that the market was more about meeting a need than making a profit . Still , she , and her business partner in Anchorage , ended in the black , covering their costs with a little bit left over .
The market wrapped up for the season Wednesday . Trefon has not decided yet if she will continue the market next year . But between the community gardens and the personal gardens people are starting , fresh food is on the rise in Newhalen and Iliamna .
Californians and health advocates around the world have one reason to rejoice this week . Public officials in my state of California are acknowledging the scientific studies and growing public pressure , via hundreds of lawsuits in California and around the nation , to take action to protect our health from toxic chemicals such as glyphosate .
The California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment ( OEHHA ) said it will be adding glyphosate to the list of chemicals known to the state to cause cancer for purposes of Proposition 65 . According to the OEHHA website , the effective date of this listing will be determined following a decision from the Court of Appeal regarding a request for a stay in the pending case Monsanto v. OEHHA . A separate notice will be published along with an updated Proposition 65 list when the chemical is added to the list .
Glyphosate , the most widely used herbicide in the world , is an ingredient in RoundUp and 700 other glyphosate-based herbicides .
In January , a California judge ruled in favor of the OEHHA , which was sued by Monsanto , the manufacturers of Roundup , for deciding to place glyphosate on the Prop . 65 known carcinogen list . It was unknown if the OEHHA would go forward with its decision to place glyphosate on the Prop . 65 list until last week .
Deciding to place glyphosate on the Prop . 65 list is a scientifically sound decision but it does take courage . I have often wondered , as an activist inundated with overwhelming negative news about toxins , sickness , birth defects and death , at what point do I risk my personal comfort and safety to speak up for the well-being of others ?
Having glyphosate on the Prop . 65 list of carcinogens means that anything containing glyphosate , exposing humans to glyphosate , could potentially be labeled with a warning that says it causes cancer . It also means that other states and countries will weigh this classification when considering whether to use glyphosate-based herbicides .
Before product labeling happens , however , a “ safe harbor ” or No Significant Risk Level ( NSRL ) must be determined . If foods or products contain levels above the NSRL , they will need to have a carcinogen warning label .
This is where seasoned activists become concerned . The current allowable levels of glyphosate , set by the EPA , have long been considered ridiculously too high by scientists and medical professionals .
If the OEHHA sets its standards based on the federal EPA , we have no chance of seeing warning labels on food . If they base the decision on studies that show , for instance , that .1ppt stimulated the growth of breast cancer cells , then it is very possible we will see labels , not only on Roundup , but on many other products , as well .
Recent tests from the Canadian Food Inspection Agency have revealed levels from 3,000-6,000 parts per billion on garbanzo beans and wheat . The FDA has found 1.67 parts per million on infant oatmeal cereal . If a baby ate just three ounces of that food four times a day , it would consume 15,000 times more glyphosate than the rats in Michael Antoniou 's Glyphosate study , that contracted liver disease in one day .
Dr. Don Huber , a 50-year plant pathologist , has stated that there are no safe levels of glyphosate exposure to humans . We wait with hope and faith that our public health officials will continue to see the real science and take actions based on truth .
We will be watching the California OEHHA to see where it sets their No Significant Risk Level at for glyphosate . This is truly a great week to be a Californian .
Zen Honeycutt is Founder of Moms Across America .
Whittington Hospital : Norovirus outbreak closes surgery and orthopaedic ward
The Whittington Hospital Picture : PA/Steve Parson PA Archive/PA Images
A surgical ward at the Whittington Hospital has been closed after the vomiting and sickness bug norovirus spread among patients and staff .
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Coyle Ward – which deals with surgical , trauma and orthopaedic cases – was shut on Monday after “ a number ” of people were affected by the virus , a spokesman for the hospital said .
Among patients , 10 showed symptoms of the virus and three were confirmed to have it after testing .
The spokesman added that the ward is expected to open tomorrow after a review by an infection control team .
No new cases have been reported since the outbreak on Monday .
Norovirus , also known as the winter vomiting bug , is one of the most common stomach bugs in the country .
Symptoms include infectious diarrhoea , projectile vomiting , suddenly feeling sick , a fever , headaches , stomach cramps and aching limbs .
The symptoms appear one to two days after infection and usually last for around two or three days .
The NHS advises sufferers to stay at home , drink more water than usual , get plenty of rest and eat plain foods like soup or pasta .
There is no cure for the virus , but those experiencing pain can take paracetamol to ease their symptoms .
Michael V. Callahan , MD , DTM & H , MSPH named Director of Military and Mass Casualty Regenerative Medicine Programs ; Cameron Hoyler , JD from King and Spalding 's Life Sciences and Product Liability Practices named General Counsel
SALT LAKE CITY , UT -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - PolarityTE™ , Inc. ( `` Polarity '' ) ( NASDAQ : COOL ) announces the recruitment of six new members to its growing team with specific expertise and experience in government and defense contracts , intellectual property and FDA legal strategy , and translational research and development .
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Denver M. Lough , MD , PhD stated , `` With such recent and significant growth , Polarity is proud to announce that we have recruited another tremendous block of talent , including Michael V. Callahan MD , DTM & H , MSPH as Director of Military and Mass Casualty Regenerative Medicine Programs . Dr. Callahan is President of United Therapeutics Corporation ( NASDAQ : UTHR ) Division of Cellular Therapies and faculty member of the Division of Infectious Diseases and Director of Translational Medicine for the Vaccine and Immunotherapeutics Center ( VIC ) at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School . Within this division , Dr. Callahan will be directly supported by both our newly recruited Government & Defense Contracts Coordinator and our Multi-Facility Operations Manager .
We have recruited attorney Cameron Hoyler from King & Spalding as General Counsel to join our in-house legal team to further accelerate and facilitate our growing relationship with our K & S IP and FDA legal teams .
The Department of Translational R & D at Polarity has also added on three new doctoral members . This team includes a Biomaterials Engineer , a Director of Regenerative Aesthetics , and a Director of Medical Technology and Innovation to enhance the Polarity technology product platform , as well as provide the best experience possible for health care professionals , medical institutions , payers and most importantly the patients we have set out to help . ''
To facilitate the new hires , Polarity announced today that it approved non-statutory stock options to purchase 105,000 shares of its common stock and the issuance of 50,000 restricted stock units to four of its new hires . The awards were made pursuant to the NASDAQ inducement grant exception as a component of these new hires ' employment compensation with the Company 's equity grant program . The inducement grants were approved by PolarityTE 's Compensation Committee on April 2 , 2017 and April 11 , 2017 and are being made as an inducement material to the employees ' acceptance of employment with the Company in accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635 ( c ) ( 4 ) . The stock option awards issued and to be issued have an exercise price equal to the closing price of Polarity 's common stock on the applicable employee 's approval for the issuance of the inducement awards by the Compensation Committee and have a 10-year term . The stock options and restricted stock units vest over two years , with 1/24th of the original number of shares vesting one month following the date of the grant and an additional 1/24th of the original number of shares vesting each month thereafter , subject to the employee 's continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting dates .
About Michael V. Callahan , MD , DTM & H , MSPH
Dr. Michael Callahan will support PolarityTE by aligning the technology to better address mass-casualty burn and cutaneous chemical weapon injury and to ensure the PolarityTE technologies address the needs of the U.S. military medical systems . Dr. Callahan is a physician-scientist who is the President of United Therapeutics Corporation ( UTHR ) Division of Cellular Therapies . He is also a faculty member of the Division of Infectious Diseases and Director of Translational Medicine for the Vaccine and Immunotherapeutics Center ( VIC ) at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School .
Dr. Callahan 's research focus is transformative therapies in regenerative medicine and in emerging infectious diseases . As of 2016 he has invented or co-developed three commercial anti-infectives , including amphotericin-encapsulated liposomes ( 1991 ; US patent 07689709 ) and brought four antimicrobials to clinic . From 2005-2012 he led the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) $ US 240M biodefense therapeutics program , which developed cPG ( Pfizer ) , Vaxdesign 's MIMIC ( Sanofi Pasteur ) and Nicotinia ( tobacco ) -expressed mAbs ( e.g . generic rituxin , flavimab , ZMAP ) . Since 1998 , Callahan has deployed over 600 days to 7 disaster outbreaks under Rescue Medicine 's HASTY team 1 , including Bhuj Gharat and Bam , Iran earthquakes , Typhoon Nargit , the 2004 Christmas tsunami , 2003 SARS and H5N1 outbreaks in China , five Ebola or Marburg outbreaks 3 countries . In 2012 , he was recruited by Martine Rothblatt to serve as President of United Therapeutics ' infectious disease subsidiary , Unither Virology , where he led translation of a novel anti-dengue therapeutic from pre-clinical lead to IND , Phase 1 and Orphan ( ODA ) . Since 2016 , Callahan has served as President of United Therapeutics Cellular Therapies where he directs an international bench to clinic program to advance regenerative and transgene cell therapy programs for chronic and acute indications .
Dr. Callahan continues federal service on past and current Institute of Medicine , President 's Office of Science and Technology , National Security Council and Health and Human Services committees including the Department of Defense Joint Chiefs Ebola Task Force , the IOM Working Groups on Synthetic Biology , Gain of Function Research , Ebola and Zika , and Office of Management and Budgets Committees on Federal Research Investments . Callahan is the PI , co-PI and past PI of CDC , DARPA and Defense Threat Reduction Agency infectious disease research in tropical disease , and oversaw NIAID 's $ 45M program to advance a dengue therapeutic to Phase 2 . He is the recipient of the Klapper Award for Infectious Disease , the McCollough Award for Infectious Disease Research , the Robert Kennedy Award for National Public Health Service , the 2009 DARPA Achievement Award , the 2012 DARPA Director Award , and he is the 19th Tinsley Harrison Scholar of the University of Alabama School of Medicine .
About Cameron Hoyler , JD
Before joining PolarityTE , Mr. Hoyler was an attorney at King & Spalding LLP , an international law firm with 900 attorneys in 19 offices around the world , and whose recent accolades include Law360 naming the firm one of three `` Firms of the Year '' in 2016 , and bestowing the Life Sciences and Product Liability groups in which Mr. Hoyler practiced with `` Practice of the Year '' honors . Mr. Hoyler has extensive experience representing and counseling clients involved in disputes and transactions in a variety of settings , including product liability , employment , commercial , trademark , real estate , and insurance coverage .
While at King & Spalding , Mr. Hoyler devoted the majority of his practice to representing clients in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries , including serving as counsel to Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP , McKesson Corporation , and others , and he has litigated numerous cases in the prescription drug and device context in state and federal courts across the country . In addition to his work for pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers , Mr. Hoyler also represented clients in other highly-regulated industries , including Chevron U.S.A. Inc. , Monsanto Company , Phillips 66 Company , and ConocoPhillips Company . While at King & Spalding , Mr. Hoyler was actively involved in multiple pro bono matters , including representing students expelled from public schools . He served as lead trial counsel in multiple expulsion cases , leading to the students ' reinstatement in the school of their choice . For this work , Mr. Hoyler earned the King & Spalding Pro Bono Service Award in 2013 and 2015 .
Mr. Hoyler earned his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Pennsylvania , where he majored in Political Science and English , and minored in History . He earned his Juris Doctor from the University of San Francisco School of Law , where he was the Articles Editor for the U.S.F . Journal of Law and Social Challenges , and was a member of the Judge John R. Brown Appellate Advocacy Team . He is licensed to practice law in the State of California , and is admitted before all federal courts in California and the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
About PolarityTE™ , Inc .
PolarityTE™ , Inc. is the owner of a novel regenerative medicine and tissue engineering platform developed and patented by Denver Lough MD , PhD . This radical and proprietary technology employs a patient 's own cells for the healing of full-thickness functionally-polarized tissues . If clinically successful , the PolarityTE™ platform will be able to provide medical professionals with a truly new paradigm in wound healing and reconstructive surgery by utilizing a patient 's own tissue substrates for the regeneration of skin , bone , muscle , cartilage , fat , blood vessels and nerves . It is because PolarityTE™ uses a natural and biologically sound platform technology , which is readily adaptable to a wide spectrum of organ and tissue systems , that the company and its world-renowned clinical advisory board , are poised to drastically change the field and future of translational regenerative medicine . More information can be found online at www.polarityte.com .
Forward Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this release are `` forward-looking statements '' within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Forward looking statements contained in this release relate to , among other things , the Company 's ongoing compliance with the requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market and the Company 's ability to maintain the closing bid price requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market on a post reverse split basis . They are generally identified by words such as `` believes , '' `` may , '' `` expects , '' `` anticipates , '' `` should ' '' and similar expressions . Readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements , which are based upon the Company 's beliefs and assumptions as of the date of this release . The Company 's actual results could differ materially due to risk factors and other items described in more detail in the `` Risk Factors '' section of the Company 's Annual Reports and other filings with the SEC ( copies of which may be obtained at www.sec.gov ) . Subsequent events and developments may cause these forward-looking statements to change . The Company specifically disclaims any obligation or intention to update or revise these forward-looking statements as a result of changed events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release , except as required by applicable law .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Latest : Police seek witnesses to race track killings
hello
UNION GROVE , Wis. -- The Latest on the shooting at a southern Wisconsin race track that left three men dead ( all times local ) :
7 a.m .
Sheriff 's officials are encouraging anyone who witnessed the fatal shooting of three men at a southern Wisconsin race track to contact authorities .
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth says there may be witnesses who initially hesitated to talk to deputies at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove Sunday night , but now may be willing to share information .
Authorities say the man who shot the three men at point-blank range is still at large . Beth says the shooting happened in a parking lot concession area about 7 p.m. Two men died at the scene , and the third died en route to a hospital . The sheriff says at least two of the men were from Aurora , Illinois .
Union Grove is about 25 miles ( 40 kilometers ) south of Milwaukee .
___
12:41 a.m .
A Wisconsin sheriff says three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event .
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth says authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports about shots being fired .
Beth says the three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor . No suspects have been arrested .
Two men died at the scene , and the third died while being transported to a hospital . The sheriff says at least two of the men were from Aurora , Illinois .
The sheriff 's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as `` Larry 's Fun Fest . ''
Union Grove is about 25 miles ( 40 kilometers ) south of Milwaukee .
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
0:07 Timelapse video : Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Cop who shot Christmas market attacker is a Nazi sympathizer The Italian cop who fatally shot the ISIS terrorist responsible for the Berlin Christmas massacre has been exposed as a Nazi sympathizer – and Germany has now called off plans ...
Truck used in Berlin terror attack could soon be in museum The big rig used to kill a dozen people at a Berlin Christmas market may one day become an attraction at a German museum , according to a report . The House ...
Germany detains suspected associate of Berlin market attacker German authorities have detained a Tunisian man they believe may have been involved in last week 's truck attack that killed 12 people at a Berlin Christmas market , prosecutors said Wednesday ....
Truck driver likely killed hours before Berlin market attack The Polish driver whose hijacked truck was used to crash into a Berlin Christmas market was shot in the head several hours before the attack and could not have tried ...
'De Blasio rules ' would n't have caught fugitive Berlin attacker : Gingrich Newt Gingrich took a shot at Mayor de Blasio 's policing strategies Saturday , tweeting that if Italian cops had followed the city 's strict stop-and-frisk rules , they would n't have stopped the fugitive ...
Berlin market attacker did it for ISIS The Tunisian man shot dead in connection with the deadly truck attack in Berlin is seen swearing allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the self-proclaimed leader of ISIS , in a video ...
Berlin Christmas market attacker killed in shootout with cops The Tunisian refugee suspected of slaughtering a dozen people in a truck attack in Berlin this week freely traveled 1,000 miles across Europe before he was stopped and killed in ...
Berlin attack suspect 's brother says he should turn himself in The brother of the suspect in the Berlin Christmas-market massacre pleaded with him to surrender on Thursday and suggested that the fugitive would be disowned by his family . “ I ask ...
Four people arrested in connection with Berlin market attack German police have arrested four people who had been in touch with a Tunisian refugee being hunted across Europe in connection with the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market ...
Goleta Valley Historical Society is working to restore the jungle-like landscape to its 20th century gardens
The Goleta Valley Historical Society has announced completion of the first phase of its Arboretum Restoration Project at Stow House .
From the white country house to the view of Goleta , the Stow House property on Rancho La Patera pays tribute to the simpler times in Santa Barbara County . While the landscape around the property has changed in many ways , the Arboretum Restoration Project is designed to preserve its rich history .
Rancho La Patera itself is the birthplace of commercial planting in Santa Barbara . Sherman Stow planted a lemon orchard and was heavily involved in the agricultural industry in Santa Barbara .
Stow 's agricultural interests extended into his private life as well . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , Stow House was home to a wide-variety specimen garden . Exotic trees from South America , Mexico , Asia , the Canary Islands and Australia were all handpicked and cultivated in the gardens on the Stow House property by Stow and his wife , Ida Hollister .
With the use of historical documentation and commissioned landscape studies , the Goleta Valley Historical Society aims to restore the now jungle-like landscape to its 20th-century gardens .
The gardens are one step closer to their original look with new landscaping that matches the original landscaping . With a ribbon-cutting ceremony , the Goleta Valley Historical Society proudly opened up the grounds to the public after finishing the first phase of the Arboretum Restoration Project .
While the gardens directly adjacent to the house have been restored , there are still two phases to be completed .
“ Right now it 's kind of like a jungle out there , ” said director Amanda De Lucia , referring to an area toward the back of the restored property .
The next phase of the project will focus on clearing more areas on the property , as well as highlighting the exotic trees planted by Stow in the 20th century .
“ We 'll be putting back in trees that we can document were there during our period of interpretation , ” De Lucia said .
Many people have been involved with the planning and execution of the project , including historians Dr. Pamela Post and Timothy Hazeltine , landscape architect Sydney Baumgartner , Arroyo Seco Construction and the Board of Directors from the Goleta Valley Historical Society . The project was funded by the Goleta Valley Land Trust , the California Cultural and Historical Endowment and private donations .
“ It 's been a huge team effort , ” De Lucia said .
— Noozhawk intern Frankie Victoria can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Follow Prediction Machine on Twitter @ predictmachine
A look at big plays that affected Week 17 in the NFL .
This article originally appeared on PredictionMachine.com
PredictionMachine.com is the leader in sports simulation . Founded in 2009 , its advanced statistical technology is able to hypothetically play a game 50,000 times before it 's actually been played and after each and every play during the live game ( Live ScoreCaster ) . Using hundreds of inputs down to the smallest factor , the simulation engine ( Predictalator ) produces proprietary data available for consumers as well as business partners and media . The technology and algorithms built and tested at PredictionMachine.com are amongst the most advanced in the world of sports statistics and simulation .
Follow Prediction Machine on Twitter @ predictmachine
The Progressives Grand Alliance ( APGA ) has advised President Muhammadu Buhari against replacing normal governance with his so-called anti-corruption crusade .
The party gave the charge in a New Year message on Sunday , signed by its National Director of Publicity , Ifeanacho Oguejiofor .
APGA urged Nigerians to show care and love one another by being their brother 's and sister 's keeper , and to always engage in things that will promote peace , common good and development of the country .
The party while wishing its members , supporters and Nigerians a pleasant and remarkable New Year celebration with hope , also urged Nigerians to show care and love one another by being their brother and sister 's keeper , and to always engage in things that will promote peace , common good and development of the country .
The statement read : “ Though the party resolved at the inception of the current federal government 's administration not to criticize the APC led government without any justifiable reason especially within the one and half years period because it expected that the government needed some time to find its footing , however , later events so far have given the party cause for concern .
“ Thus , APGA is worried , for example , that the current administration is treating its anti-corruption war as a replacement for the normal government function of governance . This approach has to be really changed if the APC government is to turn round the faltering and depressing economy . ”
Oguejiofor said that while there is improvement in the war against Boko Haram , new theatres are opening in the South East and South South mostly due to government 's poor handling of the hitherto minor agitations , and therefore urged the government to use practical approaches that are less confrontational to resolve the issues .
He also also condemned the activities of killer herdsmen that do not seem to get the level of attention that groups like the Biafra agitators from the federal government and urged the security agencies to be proactive and end the crisis .
He advised the Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC ) to be mindful of the poor and negative public perception of its electoral activities , saying the bizarre and shenanigans of manipulation of vote and allocation of scores , as witnessed during the bye-election of the Toto/Nasarawa federal constituency , in Nasarawa State , and the last Edo State governorship election was disturbing .
“ The body should stop its officials from conniving with some unscrupulous Politicians and law enforcement Personnel on election duties from writing false election results . Also , it should guide against the body 's seemingly general disposition as if it were a department of the ruling All Progressives Congress ( APC ) , ” he added .
Phil Dirkx has lived in Paso Robles for more than four decades , and his column is published every week . Reach him at 238-2372 or phild2008 @ sbcglobal.net .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The next phase in Arsenal 's rebuilding process could come in the shape of Bayer Leverkusen keeper Bernd Leno .
The Sun reports today that the German keeper could be a big target for the Gunners this summer , at around £25m .
The report suggests that Arsenal are looking to get a new No.1 in after being unimpressed with Petr Cech and David Ospina this season .
Napoli are also keen on signing Leno and the two clubs could be on a collision course to get their man .
Liverpool are also keen , with Loris Karius and Simon Mignolet not deemed good enough , meaning Arsene Wenger will need to move quickly .
Benfica ace
Andrija Zivkovic is attracting interest from both Arsenal and Manchester United , report the Mirror .
The Benfica ace is hot property and scouts from both English clubs have watched the 21-year-old this term .
Arsene Wenger was reportedly keen to sign the player before he joined the Portuguese giants from Partisan Belgrade .
And having missed out on him in 2016 , the Frenchman is determined to land his man this time .
Portuguese newspaper O Jogo report than an Arsenal delegation watched Zivkovic during Benfica 's 2-0 win over Feirense this weekend .
Manchester United have also sent scouts to watch the player and the two Premier League giants could go head to head for his signature at the end of the season .
Cech 's thoughts
Petr Cech has explained the difference between the selection policies at Chelsea and Arsenal .
The goalkeeper said he 'enjoyed ' playing for Chelsea - and how team selection was decided on a 'game by game ' basis .
Cech compared that to the current situation at Arsenal , where David Ospina has emerged as the club 's preferred goalkeeper over Cech in cup competitions .
The 35-year-old , appearing as a guest on BBC 's Match of the Day coverage of Chelsea 's FA Cup quarter final win at Leicester , said : `` At Chelsea we never decided which competition you play , it was a game by game process .
`` If you kept playing well then you were fit and you did n't need rest then the manager had his choice to pick the goalkeeper for the competitions .
`` Sometimes I would sit a game out or be on the bench but it would not be decided , 'You play this competition , you play this competition ' .
`` I enjoyed that because I love this competition for example , to be involved and play FA Cup games . Any other competition makes it a bit more spicy and special . ''
When asked by Gary Lineker if he feels frustrated by not playing in FA Cup games , Cech replied : `` Well , you have to respect the way your manager sets up the team or what he plans for the season .
`` I had known prior to the season that David would play the FA Cup games . Obviously I would love to play the competition as well but you have to respect the manager 's decisions .
`` I ended up playing the quarter-final and semi-final [ last season ] , but then I did n't play the final so I had some part in the process .
`` It 's about respecting your colleague and your coach 's decision . Obviously you can tell you would prefer the other way but it 's the decision of the coach . ''
Manchester United 's Alexis Sanchez blasted by Alan Shearer - here 's the pundit 's verdict
More : Sanchez ' struggles
Alexis Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at Manchester United .
Sanchez has failed to live up to his billing since swapping the Gunners for United in January , with just one goal in 10 appearances .
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates .
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said : `` They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got his twin brother .
`` He looks like the little boy the lost . It is the coach 's job to get the best out of the players . ''
Shearer also criticised Jose Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for his under-performing stars .
`` When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla , the likes of Lukaku , Sanchez and Rashford , they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters , '' he added .
`` United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho , a man who has an arrogance about him but delivers trophies .
`` It might not be pretty at times but he gets you trophies just like he did last season . Having said all that , the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all . ''
Liverpool set to rival Arsenal for Atletico goalkeeper - as race for Alisson hots up
Arsenal rivalled
Wolves hope to beat off competition from Arsenal and Monaco for AC Milan striker Andre Silva should they secure promotion to the Premier League , according to reports .
The Mirror claims the Portuguese forward has failed to live up to expectations since his £34m move from Porto to the San Siro last summer - scoring his first Serie A goal of the season just last week .
They claim the Championship club 's relationship with Jorge Mendes and the likelihood of being able to offer Premier League football , means the move to Molineux could appeal .
Especially with Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo in charge , having previously worked together with the Dragons .
The Mirror reckon competition for the 22-year-old will come from the Gunners , as well as Monaco and Valencia .
Despite struggling in the league , Silva has mustered a more respectable eight goals in 14 Europa League games .
This is n't the first time SIlva has been linked with a club record move to Molineux .
The rumour first emerged towards the end of the January transfer window but nothing materialised .
Danny Thomas told officers with a Colorado SWAT team that there would be “ a bloodbath ” if they tried to extract him from a woman 's basement .
Testimony began Monday in Thomas ' retrial for four 2005 murders in Columbus county . His 2011 conviction on four counts of first degree murder , assault with a deadly weapon and other charges was overturned in 2013 . A separate first degree murder conviction from Durham County was upheld .
Thomas fled to Colorado , where he was tracked down by U.S . Marshals . In Columbus County Superior Court Monday , District Attorney Jon David and Assistant District Attorney Chris Gentry called to the stand three officers from Colorado Springs , Col. , to describe the search for Thomas and his subsequent capture .
“ He said that if we came down there , it would be a bloodbath , ” said Sgt . Jason Hess of the El Paso Sheriff 's Department . The EPSD coordinated efforts with the Marshals and Colorado Springs Police after Thomas was located hiding under an assumed name in a woman 's home there .
Hess said that his team of special tactics officers originally thought Thomas was asleep in the living room of the home , but as they made entry they heard him “ whispering ” in the kitchen . Thomas was apparently on the telephone , Hess said , and he halted his team in a hallway .
“ What did you hear him say ? ” David asked .
“ He told someone on the phone , ‘ They 're coming in to get me , ' ” Hess said .
Thomas holed up in the basement , Hess said , and officers used a mirror from the home to look down the stairwell into the basement .
“ I saw the muzzle of an SKS rifle in the mirror , and it jerked toward us , ” Hess said .
At that point officers redeployed to the garage of the home to await a fully-equipped tactical team .
Check back with NRColumbus.com for daily updates on the trial , and see Thursday 's print edition of the News Reporter for a full report .
…As Presidency keeps mum
By Dapo Akinrefon
The Presidency , yesterday , drew back from joining the fray after President Muhammadu Buhari was listed by the BBC among African presidents who have “ an apparent lack of faith in the health systems at home . ”
The other presidents listed included Robert Mugabe ( Zimbabwe ) , Patrice Talon ( Benin ) , Abdelaziz Bouteflika ( Algeria ) , and Jose Eduardo dos Santos ( Angola ) .
The five presidents were listed based on the frequency with which they go abroad for medical treatment .
President Buhari was , however , rated by the BBC report as the first among the five presidents based on the duration of his stay away from Nigeria .
Three of the five African countries , Nigeria , Algeria and Angola are ironically the three top oil producing countries in Africa .
Contacted on the development , yesterday , presidential spokesman , Femi Adesina , simply said “ No comments . ”
Adesina and a coterie of other presidential aides returned to the country on Monday morning after visiting President Buhari in London where he has spent the last 95 days .
Adesina had been quoted as telling journalists last weekend that President Buhari was desirous of returning home but that he was being held back by his doctors .
Activists behind an app designed to assist doctors document evidence of sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo aim to go beyond obtaining justice for rape victims and collect data that could help secure prosecutions for war crimes . Developed by Physicians for Human Rights ( PHR ) , MediCapt allows clinicians to record medical examination results digitally and photograph victims ' injuries , store them online and send them directly to law enforcement officials and lawyers . In a vast nation plagued by militant violence and poor roads that restrict access to remote areas , ...
read more ...
Published By : VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
MIAMI LAKES , FL -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Asana Medical , Inc. , ( `` Asana , '' the `` Company '' ) , a regenerative medicine company that is developing a novel treatment for Inflammatory Bowel Disease ( `` IBD '' ) , including Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn 's Disease , is pleased to announce that Brian W. Andersen , an experienced industry executive with a proven record of commercial excellence , has been appointed as its Chief Business Officer .
Mr. Andersen brings to Asana an impressive track record in sales and marketing leadership . Over the past fifteen years , he has launched several new products and revitalized existing products ; created specialty pharmacy distribution networks ; and generated/executed tactical medical marketing campaigns . As a member of the Executive team , Mr. Andersen will assist with the strategic build-out of the Asana business model and market delivery options for the Company 's patented non-surgical hydrogel therapy product , ECMH™ , currently being developed for the treatment of IBD . Mr. Andersen will also be instrumental in developing and executing the Company 's commercialization and reimbursement plans .
`` I am very excited to join Asana and to work with Dr. Christine V. Sapan and her Executive team , but also with Asana 's distinguished roster of medical advisors , '' stated Mr. Andersen . `` Asana 's consistent approach of providing a treatment for IBD patients that repairs and regenerates the diseased tissue , allowing the clinical symptoms to improve , continues to receive support among recent literature and biomedical reports , '' added Mr. Andersen .
Prior to joining Asana , Mr. Andersen was the General Manager and Group Vice President of the Orphan Business Unit at Horizon Pharma which he joined in September 2014 , through its acquisition of Vidara Therapeutics . While at Horizon , Brian led the integration of Vidara Therapeutics into the newly created Orphan Business Unit at Horizon , as well as the integration of Hyperion Therapeutics , which Horizon bought in March of 2015 .
Previous to Horizon Pharma , Brian was co-founder and Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Vidara Therapeutics . At Vidara , he was responsible for the relaunch of ACTIMMUNE® for Chronic Granulomatous Disease ( CGD ) and severe , malignant osteoporosis ( SMO ) , two ultra-orphan disease states . He was also responsible for all aspects of the commercialization effort , including the establishment of a specialty pharmacy distribution network ; the creation of COMPASS™ , a high-touch patient reimbursement and support center ; creation of the marketing plan ; and hiring of the sales team . Prior to Vidara , Mr. Andersen led the marketing teams at Lundbeck , Inc. ( formerly Ovation ) and EKR Therapeutics , where he was responsible for the successful turnaround of PANHEMATIN® , the introduction of the CARDENE® IV Ready-to-Use Bag , and led sales training teams through the launch of SABRIL® . As Regional Business Manager with PDL BioPharma/ESP Pharma , he was responsible for managing sales teams in eight states , calling on hospitals .
Mr. Andersen holds a BS in biology from the University of Illinois and an MBA from Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management .
ABOUT ASANA MEDICAL , INC .
Asana Medical , Inc. is an emerging life science company developing tissue engineered therapies for the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease ( IBD ) . The Company 's lead therapy , a novel application of a proven technology , will be a first-in-class therapy for patients suffering from Ulcerative Colitis . This therapy will be positioned to compete in a multi-billion dollar market dominated by biologic and drug therapies that can have significant side effects . Additionally , 20-30 % of patients do not benefit from these therapies and have no alternative except colon removal surgery . Asana has an experienced management team , strong patent protection , world-class advisors in business and medicine , and compelling preclinical proof-of-concept data . For more information , visit www.asanamedical.com .
Asana Medical Video : `` Novel Regenerative Medicine for Inflammatory Bowel Disease ''
Download the Asana Medical Inc. Executive Summary
Keep up-to-date on all of Asana 's news and developments , join our online communities :
Asana Medical - Facebook
Asana Medical - Twitter
Asana Medical - LinkedIn
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
I 'm A Celebrity queen of the jungle Georgia Toffolo has welcomed the prospect of bumper pay cheques on the back of winning the show , saying `` I have n't paid my rent '' .
The Made In Chelsea star could be in line to pocket huge sums from endorsement deals and TV shows .
The 23-year-old told Good Morning Britain : `` I 'm so overwhelmed . I do n't really know what to say about it ( winning ) . ''
Asked about reports that she could rake in £5 million , she replied : `` It 's so funny - when I came out , the first thing I said to my mum was 'Mum , I have n't paid my rent ' , so that 's a lovely thing .
`` Wow , I do n't think I 'll be having that payday , it would be highly welcome , I doubt it though . ''
She said she wanted to go into TV presenting , telling Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan : `` I want to do what you guys do .
`` I want to try it . Who knows ? ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Morgan joked : `` You know , Toff , we could have a vacancy on this desk , absolutely no problem at all . I always like to rejuvenate the casting on these programmes ! ''
Reid said : `` Yes , you can come and sit next to me any morning you like ! ''
Toffolo told the ITV show : `` I 'm completely and utterly overwhelmed . This morning I was swinging from my hammock , happy as Larry .
`` Now I 'm sat at the Versace ( hotel ) with a crown on my head . I 'm taking every minute as it comes . ''
The regular clubber said she had `` missed the dancefloor '' while on I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! but her future could take a serious turn .
`` You have so much time to think because there are no distractions , '' she said of her time in the jungle .
`` Actually having Stanley ( Johnson ) in there has really made me think about things , '' she said of the former MEP .
`` We were talking about causes that I 'd never even considered , environmental conservation , GM ...
`` I am still letting everything sink in but I hope that I can use this to help and do good .
`` There are so many worthy causes that I would love to get involved with . I need to do a little bit of research . ''
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The sons of an Ockbrook man who died at his home two days ago have today revealed what happened .
Stuart and Luke Slater decided to speak out to quash rumours about Wednesday 's tragedy which led to armed officers , forensics teams and sniffer dogs to be sent to the scene .
The brothers have revealed that their father , Fred , took his own life following a battle with depression .
The distraught pair also said their mother , Carol , had been injured in trying to save the 72-year-old and is still in hospital but was not seriously hurt .
( Image : Courtesy of the Slater family )
Police were called out on Wednesday morning and found the body of Mr Slater at a house in Bare Lane .
The tragedy was described as a “ domestic incident ” and Stuart and Luke said they wanted to quash any false rumours .
Stuart said : “ Given the nature of the incident , we do n't want people to believe that this was an aggressive , out-of-the-blue incident . We do n't want all the people who knew and loved dad to think wrongly of him .
“ This was an awful event that occurred because dad was really poorly , and not because of some domestic dispute . ”
Explaining the background to the tragedy , Stuart said : “ About a year and a half ago , dad developed a mental illness – a depression , basically . He 'd been very poorly since , and we 'd been trying really hard to look after dad and hope that he could get better .
“ Prior to the incident this week , there was never any evidence of danger or threat from dad . He just became very withdrawn and not our loving , normal dad .
“ He was receiving treatment from the doctor and had been staying in hospital . The doctors tried lots and lots of different things and felt they could n't do anything more .
“ We had him back home and it was lovely having him back home . I do n't want to go into details about what happened . I would just say that dad took his own life and , in doing so , our mum was hurt , but not critically .
“ We 're so grateful to everybody who helped get mum to the hospital and get her better . ”
Stuart and Luke said their mum would be released from hospital “ soon ” .
“ Whether she 'll come back here [ to Ockbrook ] , we have n't decided yet , ” said Stuart .
Stuart and Luke said their father had worked in the railway industry for his entire career , including for British Rail and Bombardier .
Paying tribute , they said : “ Our dad worked on the railway all his life . Consequently , he was very well known by lots of people in the Derby area .
“ He was known and regarded as a very kind , fair and honest man , and was loved for that . He managed a department of the railway over many years and progressed to quite a senior position on the strength of his hard work ethic and how well people responded to him as a manager .
“ Aside from that , dad was a really keen musician . He played in bands and music was his real sort of love .
“ We 'd like to get the point across about how much we loved our dad . We 're so sad to lose him and to not have him in our lives any more. “
Meanwhile , Derbyshire police have thanked those who responded to an appeal following Mr Slater 's death .
A force spokesman said : “ Our officers were called to a house on Bare Lane on Wednesday , January 31 . On arrival a man was found dead inside the property and a woman was taken to hospital .
“ On Thursday , we released an appeal to trace a passer-by who stopped to help the injured woman .
“ This woman has now been traced and has spoken to officers . ”
Detective Inspector John Murphy said : “ I would like to thank the public for contacting us with information relating to this incident .
“ I would also like to thank the local community who assisted us with our enquiries .
“ The woman that was taken to hospital and is now doing well and it is hoped that she will be home soon .
“ I would like to reiterate that we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident . ”
After the tragic death of a local teen student , Hospice of Santa Barbara was asked to come to the school she attended to help the other students cope with their grief and emotions about the sudden loss of their friend . A year or so later , a spate of teenage suicides also had local school officials reaching out to Hospice of Santa Barbara to help bring some level of understanding and emotional support to fellow students .
The conflation of these and other death-related incidents led to the official formation of the Hospice of Santa Barbara School Outreach Program , a permanent presence of Hospice of Santa Barbara in local schools .
The mission of the program is to provide no-cost grief counseling to students in local middle and high schools related to any issues they are experiencing related to the death of a friend or family member .
In the most recent school year , 2012-13 , Hospice of Santa Barbara served more than 100 students with 270 individual sessions , and 60 group sessions . The organization works in seven area high schools , including Dos Pueblos , San Marcos , Santa Barbara , Carpinteria , Rincon , El Puento and Los Robles at Los Prietos . Hospice of Santa Barbara is also serving students at Carpinteria Middle School , and Cleveland , Franklin and Canalino elementary schools . Hospice of Santa Barbara has four counselors assigned to the schools with five hours per week dedicated to each school .
Young people express grief in a variety of ways : sadness , emotional confusion , social withdrawal and isolation , fear and anxiety , anger and aggression , and self medicating with drugs and alcohol .
“ There are more grieving children than most of us realize — one out of 20 children will experience the death of a parent before they graduate from high school while one out of every seven children will face the death of someone close to them , ” said Steve Jacobsen , executive director of Hospice of Santa Barbara . “ Our work in the schools helps to normalize feelings for these kids who are grieving ; to let them know that they are n't alone and , in fact , there are many other kids experiencing the same kinds of emotions — emotions and feelings that are natural and part of the grieving process .
“ Whatever kind of loss it is , we come alongside each child , teenager and adult in their grief , patiently helping them find a genuine path to the next stage of their life . We believe we are not only helping them get through a painful time in their life , but teaching them how to deal with loss throughout their life . We are grateful that we do not have to charge a fee to any one of them , or ask if they have insurance — this is thanks to our past , present and future donors who recognize the value of what we provide . ”
In addition to the work Hospice of Santa Barbara does in the schools , it offers professional counseling for all ages , including youth , at its offices . Hospice of Santa Barbara serves more than 700 people every month . All services at Hospice of Santa Barbara are free of charge . The organization receives no government or insurance reimbursements . For nearly 40 years , Hospice of Santa Barbara has been committed to providing care that is not limited by anyone 's age or ability to pay . It is able to do this because people in the community support Hospice of Santa Barbara with donations , grants and bequests .
To find out more about how to support the work at Hospice of Santa Barbara , click here or call 805.563.8820 .
— Kelly Kapaun is a publicist representing Hospice of Santa Barbara .
Blade Runner 2049 hits theaters on Friday , Oct. 6 . The sci-fi thriller will serve as a distant sequel to the original `` Blade Runner '' film from 1982 , in which a faction of advanced humanoid robots become murderous in their quest to increase their artificially-shortened life spans .
The robots , called replicants , are nearly indistinguishable from humans in every way except for their emotions . They 're so similar that it takes special police officers called Blade Runners , played by Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling , to administer a fictional Voight-Kampff test — not unlike a lie detector test for emotional responses — in order to tell them apart from real humans .
As real-world robotics becomes more and more advanced by the day , one might wonder how far off we really are from creating truly life-like , autonomous replicants . In order to do so , we 'll need to sort out a few key aspects of robotics and artificial intelligence . Here 's what we 'd need to build a Blade Runner-like replicant .
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp will attempt to keep Birmingham City in the Championship before discussing his long-term future at the club .
The 70-year-old met with Blues representatives last night before being announced as manager this morning .
He replaces Gianfranco Zola who tended his resignation following the defeat against Burton yesterday .
Redknapp has three games left this season - starting with the derby against Aston Villa on Sunday - in which to guide Blues to safety .
Only then will he hold talks with the board to decide whether he will stay in the role next season .
`` I 'll come and live up there the end of the season , I 'll throw myself into it , '' he told TalkSPORT .
`` If I can keep them up then we can sit down at the end of the year and we can talk about going forward next year and in the future .
`` If they do n't stay up then obviously , you know ... ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — FOX 4 's Jason Lamb loves his Friday night high school football , and this year he 's joined in his excitement and analysis by PrepsKC 's Dion Clisso .
Watch their highlights , predictions and discussions in the FOX 4/HyVee Prep Report , every Friday night on FOX 4 . Dion Clisso , managing editor of PrepsKC.com , joins Jason Lamb from ‘ Dion 's Basement ' !
If you love high school football on Friday nights , do n't miss these two pair up Friday nights .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United , Cardiff City and Aston Villa are among the Championship sides to feature on Sky television in the coming weeks .
Derby County and Sunderland are also among those who will be on the box .
Matches come thick and fast with the end of the season looming , and the likes of Cardiff City , Fulham and Aston Villa are fighting to make it into the top two .
Meanwhile , Birmingham City , Bolton Wanderers and Barnsley are fighting not to drop into League One .
They are among 127 matches screened live by Sky this season , while football League highlights will continue to be shown on Channel 5 this season .
Here are the televised Sky fixtures coming up :
Friday , March 30
Middlesbrough v Wolves ( 5.30pm )
Derby v Sunderland ( 7.45pm )
( Image : Huddersfield Examiner )
Saturday , March 31
Hull City v Aston Villa ( 5.30pm )
Monday , April 2
Preston v Derby County ( 12.45pm )
Sheffield United v Cardiff City ( 7.45pm )
Tuesday , April 3
Fulham v Leeds United ( 7.45pm )
Friday , April 6
Cardiff City v Wolves
Saturday , April 7
Norwich City v Aston Villa
Tuesday , April 10
Aston Villa v Cardiff City
Wednesday , April 11
Wolves v Derby County
Friday , April 13
Aston Villa v Leeds United ( 7.45pm )
Saturday , April 14
Fulham v Brentford ( 5.30pm )
Sunday , April 15
Wolves v Birmingham City ( 12pm )
Saturday , April 21
Cardiff City v Nottingham Forest ( 7.45pm )
Throughout the course of the 2017/18 season , Sky Sports will exclusively show 127 live matches from the Sky Bet EFL season .
It will culminate in the play-offs - as well as 15 matches from the Carabao Cup and at least three from the Checkatrade Trophy .
Edwin Diaz got the final four outs Wednesday in the Mariners ' 6-4 victory over Minnesota . Jim Mone AP
Jim Montez III , 19 , of Nipomo was arrested Friday , February 2 , 2018 , on suspicion of burglary . San Luis Obispo County Sheriff 's Office
Subscribe to read : Financial Times Mexico 's former first lady breaks with conservative opposition party PAN
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
SYRACUSE , N.Y. — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for his junior year .
Battle says in a statement on the university website that he feels it 's in his best interest `` to focus on improving some fine points '' in his game and work toward his degree .
Battle says he plans to re-enter the draft next year and calls his decision to return an easy one .
Battle had a standout sophomore season , leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game . That earned him a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection , and his 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
International cricket returns to Edgbaston this month , just weeks after the ICC Champions Trophy culminated .
England now turn their attention to West Indies after brushing aside South Africa 3-1 in their last Test series .
Joe Root 's side take on the Windies in three Tests , including the first day-nighter in England , set to be held in Birmingham .
This is all you need to know :
How do I get tickets ?
Edgbaston has confirmed day two of the five-day Test match is SOLD OUT .
Fans are also reminded you can not buy tickets for the final day of the game .
The play starts at 2pm each day .
To buy tickets for day one , click here .
To buy tickets for day two , click here .
To buy tickets for day three , click here .
Ticket prices vary depending on which stand/block you sit in .
The stands are as follows :
RES Wyatt Stand ( Cricket Lovers )
Drayton Manor Family Stand ( Families )
Eric Hollies ( Party Stand )
Skyline ( Premium Seating )
Stanley Barnes ( Value for money )
Tom Dollery Lounge ( Members ' only areas )
South Lower ( Cricket Lovers )
Motorpoint Stand ( All-Rounder )
Raglan Stand ( Value for money )
What about parking ?
The easiest option is to get a parking pass at the same time as buying your ticket .
Edgbaston Cricket Ground has eight car parks , costing £20 if you park on site and £15 off-site .
Drivers are warned not to park in the residential streets around the stadium . Traffic enforcement officials may be on duty and you could be landed with a penalty ticket or find your car has been towed away .
Birmingham City Council has confirmed that side roads will be cordoned off and access will be for residents only in the streets around the ground , and there will be ‘ no waiting ' cones on the main roads to keep traffic moving .
So how do I get there ?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
If going there by car , the postcode is B5 7QU .
But you could avoid all that by taking the train . The nearest mainline station is Birmingham New Street which is two miles away - you could then walk to the stadium ( it 'll take about 40 minutes ) or hop on the No 45 or 47 buses to Pershore Road and then take a two-minute walk to the ground .
You could also take a train to University Station , which is also about 40 minutes ' away .
What about eating and drinking at the stadium ?
You ca n't bring any alchohol into the ground - bags are checked for booze when you go in - but there are plenty of food and drink outlets at the ground to keep you refreshed and refuelled .
There are around ten places to get a bite to eat , whether you want fish and chips , pizza , pies , pasties , sandwiches or salad .
Is there a cashpoint at the stadium ?
Yes , but it has a charge of £1.70 for taking out money . If that puts you off making a cash withdrawal at the ground , then you can easily manage with your credit or debit card at the shop and food outlets .
What about smoking ?
Smoking is only permitted in the marked smoking zones within the ground .
What happens if it rains ?
If rain stops play , then look on the back of your ticket for the refund policy .
Depending on the number of overs that have been played , you may be entitled to 50 per cent or 100 per cent of your money back .
Racist and homophobic chants are on the rise in Russia before the World Cup finals , with LGBT and ethnic minority supporters travelling to the country being issued with details of an emergency WhatsApp helpline to report any issues or request urgent help .
Although overall incidents of discrimination have declined , a report found there has been a spike in the number of discriminatory chants heard inside stadiums in Russia , many of which are being used for games during the World Cup , beginning on June 14th .
The research into discrimination in Russian football was undertaken by the Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Centre and was the sixth such report published since 2012 . It noted more monkey chants , neo-Nazi songs and anti-Caucasian chants , with 19 cases in the 2017-2018 season compared with two last season and 10 the season before .
Victims included players from the French national team , who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March , and the Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye , who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters . The Russia national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato , a naturalised citizen born in Brazil , was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling him a monkey .
Homophobia rising
The report also notes a worrying prevalence of homophobia , which it claims is a relatively new form of discrimination inside Russian stadiums , where fans are now labelling opponents “ gay ” as a means of abuse more often than ever before .
“ This is a practice that takes sustenance from state-led homophobia , but has been copied from leagues in western Europe , ” the report stated . “ These levels of discriminatory chanting indicate that xenophobic views remain deeply rooted among many Russian football fans . ”
Piara Powar , the Fare network 's executive director , said : “ There are reasons to hope that the World Cup authorities will not allow serious violent incidents to take place by using all the resources of law enforcement agencies and special services .
“ However , the football authorities in Russia and Fifa have missed valuable opportunities and time to deliver lasting change in Russia . We hope the spirit that brings people together will keep fans with provocative intentions out of the World Cup , and equality and understanding will be the prevalent story of Russia 2018. ” – Guardian
I scream , you scream , we all scream for small screens ! Need proof ? In 2017 , Netflix users around the world watched more than 140 million hours of content from the streaming service per day .
The company released a report Monday detailing Canadians ' viewing habits over the past year — what we binged , what we savoured , what we watched as families , and what shows we cheated on our partners with .
Canadian Netflixers are viewers par excellence : We rank second in the world for having the most members binging every day ( Mexico is No . 1 ) . The report also found that Jan. 1 was the most popular streaming day , and one hardcore viewer watched The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King 361 times . Some other findings drawn from the period between Nov. 1 , 2016 , and Nov. 1 , 2017 :
SHOWS WE DEVOURED
Full-out binging , Canadians watched more than two hours per day of dramas like megachurch saga Greenleaf and Italian crime series Suburra : Blood on Rome .
1 . Greenleaf
2 . American Vandal
3 . Suburra : Blood on Rome
4 . Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life
5 . Ingobernable
6 . The Keepers
7 . The OA
8 . The Confession Tapes
9 . Cable Girls
10 . The Mist
Some things are better enjoyed at a slower pace — Netflix defines “ savouring ” as watching less than two hours per day . Visual feast The Crown placed No . 1 , outranking lighter fare like Wet Hot American Summer : Ten Years Later and Big Mouth .
1 . The Crown
2 . Neo Yokio
3 . Wet Hot American Summer : Ten Years Later
4 . Ozark
5 . A Series of Unfortunate Events
6 . Glow
7 . Friends from College
8 . El Chapo
9 . Atypical
10 . Big Mouth
SHOWS THAT MADE US NETFLIX-CHEAT
We shamelessly watched buzzy series like Stranger Things and 13 Reasons Why ahead of our significant others . The crime dramas Narcos and Ozark also proved too good to wait for .
1 . Orange is the New Black
2 . Stranger Things
3 . Narcos
4 . Ozark
5 . Riverdale
6 . 13 Reasons Why
7 . Marvel 's The Defenders
8 . Grace and Frankie
9 . The Crown
10 . Black Mirror
MOST VIEWED AS A FAMILY
Shows with kids and teens at the fore proved popular as family viewing — Riverdale and 13 Reasons Why among them . Nostalgia , like the 1980s-set Stranger Things and rebooted sitcom Fuller House , also brought us together .
1 . Stranger Things
2 . Riverdale
3 . 13 Reasons Why
4 . Fuller House
5 . A Series of Unfortunate Events
6 . Gilmore Girls : A Year In The Life
7 . Chef 's Table
8 . Atypical
9 . Trollhunters
10 . Ultimate Beastmaster
Lefty Andrew Albers , who pitched last season for Minnesota , will start Tuesday for the Mariners against Baltimore . Bruce Kluckhohn AP
How Equifax Just Changed the Rest of Your Life Adding freezes to your credit reports is an appropriate response to the massive Equifax database breach that exposed the private information of 143 million Americans . Do n't make the mistake of thinking those freezes will keep you safe , however . Credit freezes lock down your credit reports in a way that should prevent `` new account fraud , '' or bogus accounts being opened in your name . But there are so many other ways the bad guys can use the information they stole , which included Social Security numbers , birthdates , addresses and some driver 's license numbers . Others include : -- Stealing your tax refund and preventing you from filing returns by submitting fake ones -- Using your information to get health care , which can result not only in medical collections on your credit reports but a stranger 's health information getting mixed in with your records -- Giving your identification to the police when they get arrested , creating criminal records that could land you in jail or prevent you from getting a job -- Filing for bankruptcy in your name or transferring deeds of property you own You ca n't prevent any of these bad things from happening . The best you can do is remain as vigilant as you can and try to clear up the messes as they happen . If you feel helpless , there 's a good reason for that : You are . Theft and Ruin , Done in Your Name `` Equifax just signed you up for a lifetime game of Whack-A-Mole , '' says Leslie Beck , a certified financial planner in Rutherford , New Jersey . Beck 's husband , Mark , is an investment consultant who 's been the repeated victim of identity theft after his wallet was stolen in 1999 . Shutting down bogus credit accounts -- freezes were n't available back then -- was just the start . One thief used Mark Beck 's name to commit insurance fraud by staging phony accidents . Another was arrested for public urination , creating an outstanding warrant in Mark Beck 's name that could have cost him his job . The last incident was in 2007 , but the Becks say they 're still on high alert . `` I never feel safe anymore , '' Mark Beck says . The Becks ' world is our world now . We need to scan every piece of mail and junk mail , looking for unfamiliar names that could indicate someone is trying to take over our accounts . We need to obsessively check our bank statements , credit card bills and credit reports for unauthorized activity . We need to hold our breath every time we apply for a job or get stopped by a cop , lest someone else 's misdeeds derail our lives . We need to pay the price , in other words , because a private company could n't be bothered to invest adequately in the security that might have protected us . Congress , Forbid the Use of Social Security Numbers There 's one thing Congress can and should do to mitigate the damage . It 's not making freezes free , although that would be nice . It typically costs $ 3 to $ 10 at each of the three bureaus to freeze your report , plus $ 2 to $ 10 to lift the freeze temporarily if you want new credit -- or a job , or insurance , or an apartment , or cell service , or any of the other reasons companies have to check your report . The idea that you have to pay to protect your own information , which was gathered and bartered without your consent , is outrageous . Congress also is not requiring the bureaus to offer free credit monitoring for life -- although that , too , would help , since that can alert you to bogus credit accounts and help you clear up the damage . What Congress should do is to forbid private companies and government agencies , except for Social Security , from using Social Security numbers as an all-purpose identifier . We would n't be so vulnerable to so many frauds if those digits were limited to their original purpose of earning and receiving retirement and disability benefits . The cost of switching away from Social Security numbers would be huge . The good news : Much of that expense would be borne by the companies that have been profiting from using our data in the first place . What You Can Do Now -- Get your credit reports from the three major bureaus and look for accounts you do n't recognize . Here 's how to use AnnualCreditReport.com ; you can check each bureau once a year . -- Sign up for a free credit report service that you can access more frequently . It will alert you to new accounts , changes in your score or new negative items . -- Freeze your credit reports as soon as possible with each of the three major credit bureaus to prevent scammers from opening new accounts . If a freeze is inconvenient or unavailable , set fraud alerts on your reports . -- Stay vigilant . As long as your Social Security number is the key to your identity , you 'll need to be on guard . That 's our life now , thanks to Equifax . © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved . Image credit : iStock/Artist 's concept . Read more on : Equifax , Data Breach , Identity Theft , Government , Hackers , Experian , Homeland Security Comment :
Name :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
St Andrew 's - the beloved home of Birmingham City and the place of worship for generations of Bluenoses .
It 's been a rifle range , bits have been burned to the ground , some believe there was a curse on the old place .
To say nothing of the fact some of the most famous names in the game have graced St Ans with their presence .
This is how it 's changed over the years .
Hope you enjoy , if you have any old pictures of St Andrew 's you would like to share with us then email
steve.wollaston @ trinitymirror.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Derby County captain Richard Keogh was an unused substitute in Republic of Ireland 's 2-0 win over Moldova .
The Rams skipper was named on the bench , as a first-half brace from Daryl Murphy helped secure all three points .
Keogh has n't featured for his country since he played the full 90 minutes in a 3-1 friendly defeat to Mexico in June .
( Image : Press Association )
The 31-year-old has 18 caps for his country , and has played every minute for the Rams in the Championship this season .
The results mean that it 's all to play for when Martin O'Neill 's side take on Wales on Monday night .
Wales beat Georgia 1-0 thanks to a goal from Keogh 's Rams teammate , Tom Lawrence , which sets up an interesting tie on Monday night in Cardiff .
Image copyright AFP Image caption The getaway vehicle was found abandoned north of Paris
The dramatic jailbreak-by-helicopter of notorious French gangster Redoine Faid was carried out by four or five close and loyal friends , police say .
New details have emerged of the raid , in which the assailants cut their way into the visiting room of the prison before making their helicopter getaway .
French police warned that `` beyond his charisma and aura , beyond the folklore , [ Faid ] is a dangerous individual . ''
France 's justice minister has resisted calls to resign over the scandal .
`` It goes without saying that I am entirely responsible for what happens in my administration , but I do not personally make these decisions , '' Nicole Belloubet told broadcaster RTL .
She also revealed that mobile phones would be completely jammed in French prisons from October .
Faid has called himself a huge fan of gangster films , which he credits with teaching him how to pull off extravagant heists .
He once told France 's Point magazine he had watched 1995 's Heat seven times at the cinema and `` a hundred times on DVD '' to dissect the scene of an armoured car robbery .
Thousands of police have joined a manhunt for the escaped gangster , who has not been seen since .
French police say they are still focusing on the domestic manhunt - but admit that Faid may have fled abroad .
Image copyright IBO/SIPA/REX/Shutterstock Image caption This is the second prison break pulled off by Redoine Faid ( pictured in 2010 )
Little is known about Faid 's accomplices , said the head of France 's organised crime unit Philippe Veroni .
`` The first observations lead us to believe that the commando [ unit ] was composed of about four to five people - all unidentified , of course , all of them fugitives ... who are probably close friends and loyal ones , who accept to take risks and suffer the consequences . ''
How did the raid happen ?
On Sunday morning , two men , who he thought were a father and son in their 50s and 20s , went to a small flying club in Fontenay-Trésigny for a first-time flying lesson .
The pilot , Stéphane Buy , told French broadcaster RTL he had met them once or twice before , but that on Sunday the pair seemed to know a lot about him and the aircraft , requesting a specific helicopter .
He refused , saying it was unsuitable for beginners - but was then taken hostage and had his family threatened , he said .
The helicopter was directed to a field to pick up a third accomplice , and Mr Buy said he was told what to do at gunpoint .
At Sud-Francilien prison , Faid was in the visitor room with his brother when the helicopter landed in a courtyard - which was not covered in anti-aircraft netting because it had fallen out of use .
Shortly before noon , his accomplices used angle grinders and smoke bombs to force their way into the prison , while others guarded Mr Buy and his helicopter outside .
After taking to the skies , the group flew to the Gonesse area , abandoning the aircraft for a waiting vehicle , which was later found burned out . The white van they switched to was also found , burned , in the Oise area north of Paris .
Ms Belloubet called the operation `` a spectacular escape '' and said the group may have used drones to survey the prison in advance .
It is not the first time an inmate has escaped by helicopter - convicted killer Pascal Payet famously escaped twice using the same method - and Sunday 's breakout has prompted widespread debate in France about prison security .
Who is Redoine Faid ?
Faid , aged 46 , is on-the-record about his love of Hollywood heist movies , saying they inspire some of his schemes .
He once approached director Michael Mann - who made the film Heat - at a Paris film festival and told him : `` You were my technical adviser . ''
Image copyright AFP Image caption Redoine Faid was placed on Interpol 's most-wanted list after his 2013 escape
It is also not his first dramatic prison break : In 2013 , he escaped almost immediately after arriving at Séquedin prison , using explosives to blast his way through five prison doors while holding guards hostage as human shields .
His fame has also been helped by his 2009 book , outlining his younger days on the streets of Paris and his descent into the life of a professional criminal .
That earned him the nickname `` L'Écrivain '' - or `` the writer '' - among French police .
Timeline of a jailbreaker
Faid 's cycle of imprisonment and escape began with his arrest in 1998 on multiple counts of armed robbery and bank theft .
In 2009 he was freed on parole , swearing that he was a changed man - but by 2011 , he had breached his terms of release and was back behind bars .
In 2017 , Faid was sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment for his 2013 jailbreak from Séquedin prison , outside Lille . He was also given 18 years for masterminding a 2010 robbery in which a young policewoman , Aurélie Fouquet , was killed .
Faid mounted a failed appeal , and in April 2018 was given a heavier sentence of 25 years for the botched robbery . He was serving that term at the time of his latest escape .
Born in 1972 , he grew up in a notoriously rough part of Paris .
In the 1990s , he ran a gang involved in armed robbery and extortion in the French capital . He has said his lifestyle was inspired by Hollywood gangster films , including the Al Pacino thriller Scarface .
One of Faid 's most recent prison supervisors said he was never in conflict with guards , but that `` we must always be wary '' .
`` In the corner of his mind , he never lost the idea of escaping . Behind all his manners - he is very polite - he always hid his game , '' the supervisor said .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Cypress Trust in Palm Beach , Fla. , has agreed to buy the personal trust business of CenterState Bank in Winter Haven , Fla .
Cypress Trust said in a press release Monday that the deal includes roughly 120 relationships , each with multiple accounts , and will increase its personal trust business by 15 % . Employees of the $ 6.8 billion-asset CenterState 's trust department will join Cypress Trust .
Cypress Trust , led by CEO Jay Chigurupati , is expanding into Jacksonville , Fla. , with its latest acquisition .
“ We are excited to acquire a personal trust business that began in the 1960 's to serve clients in the greater Jacksonville area , ” Jay Chigurupati , Cypress Trust 's chairman and CEO , said in the release . “ The transaction also enables us to serve potential clients in significant markets in the state of Florida . ”
Cypress Trust did not disclose the price it will pay .
Cypress Trust provides investment management and trust services through offices in several Florida markets . The deal will expand its reach to Jacksonville , Fla .
DD & F Consulting advised Cypress Trust .
The Dallas Stars team takes up a position behind the Vegas Golden Nights team as a show of support during the national anthem before the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday , October 6 , 2017 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
Back . That was the story of the night at American Airlines Center .
Hockey was back . It had been awhile . That 's what happens when the Stars fail to play beyond early April as they have done so many times of late .
Ken Hitchcock was back . Head coaches rarely attract the kind of roar he received in the pregame introductions . But the man who helped guide Dallas to a Stanley Cup 18 years ago is here to take one more kick at the can .
And Ben Bishop 's back . Most folks did n't know he was ever here , but he played for the Texas Tornado 13 years ago before heading for University of Maine and , eventually , a successful NHL career with the Tampa Bay Lightning .
And , oddly , there was the surprise of Kari Lehtonen being back in goal . Four minutes into the final period Bishop took a hard shot off the mask and went down . He had made 19 stops in 19 shots in his Stars debut , but he was bound for the concussion protocol and his night was done .
So who really knew that the most important `` back '' would be the return of former Stars player James Neal ? After Lehtonen replaced Bishop with a 1-0 lead , Neal scored the first goal in Las Vegas Golden Knights history and the second as the expansion team rallied for a surprise 2-1 victory over the Stars .
`` When you 're up 1-0 and you leave a goal out there , some things can happen , '' Hitchcock said . `` Tonight they did . ''
A home-ice loss to start the season ? Against a team that did not exist a year ago ?
Well , this was n't in anyone 's plans . Not in owner Tom Gaglardi 's when he paid for the offseason acquisitions of Hitchcock , Bishop , forward Alexander Radulov , defenseman Marc Methot and others . Not in the plans of fans who wore Bishop jerseys to AAC for his first regular-season start in a home uniform .
MechWarrior 5 : Mercenaries is to become the first officially-licensed MechWarrior game in the last 15 years to feature a single-player campaign , developer Piranha Games has confirmed .
Announced back in December 2016 after what was expected to be MechWarrior 5 became multiplayer-only MechWarrior Online , MechWarrior 5 : Mercenaries was pledged to be a modern-day re-imagining of MechWarrior 4 : Mercenaries - complete with detailed single-player campaign .
'MechWarrior 5 : Mercenaries features intense PvE [ Player versus Enemy , in contrast with Player versus Player ] Mech combat in an immersive , career-based Mercenary campaign driven by player choice , ' claimed developer Piranha Games during the announcement at Mech_Con 2017 . 'Featuring an advancing timeline starting in the year 3015 , players will adopt the role of a new MechWarrior mercenary thrust into leadership of a mercenary squad as the Third Succession War continues to fracture the Inner Sphere ; the vast region of colonised space surrounding Earth . Victory , prestige , and profit will not only require skill on the battlefield , but in the maintenance and enhancement of your BattleMechs . '
Piranha Games has also promised co-op functionality which will allow up to four players to act as a coordinated lance under the host 's mercenary unit , along with full mod support to customise missions , contracts , planetary systems , biomes , 'and much more ' using provided toolsets and integration with Valve 's Steam Workshop system .
The company has not , however , offered a fixed release date , still sticking to a vague some-time-in-2018 schedule .
Olive Garden just rolled out new LASAGNA NACHOS !
Olive Garden now offers LASAGNA NACHOS . The chips are fried lasagna noodles , they 're covered in meat sauce and cheese , and you can get them through the end of March .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Brom 's never-say-die spirit under Darren Moore came to the fore as the Baggies fought back from two goals down to salvage a point against Liverpool .
The Champions League semi-finalists looked home and hosed thanks to goals from Danny Ings and Mohamed Salah .
But Albion refused to lie down and hit back through Jake Livermore 's first goal of the season and an 89th minute header from Salomon Rondon .
The Baggies remain unbeaten under Moore 's caretaker charge and look increasingly like they will go down fighting .
Here are five things we learned .
Albion have Liverpool 's number :
They might be Champions League semi-finalists , but the Reds just ca n't find a way past the Baggies ,
They 've faced each other three times this season and Liverpool have failed to win any of them .
Further proof , were it needed , that Albion can be a match on their day .
Somewhat frustratingly , they have n't had anywhere near enough of those 'days ' .
It should n't have come as a surprise :
This result will have shocked many .
Especially with the Baggies trailing by two goals with only
But West Brom have form against Liverpool and Liverpool have form of struggling against struggling teams .
The Reds have won only one of four Premier Leagues games this season against teams that started the day bottom of the table .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hegazi might be in trouble :
Lord only knows what was going through Ahmed Hegazi 's mind when he aimed a little dig at Danny Ings as he lay on the pitch after the pair had challenged for the ball .
It would be hard to class it as even a punch .
More a push , with clenched fist , into Ings ' midriff .
A tame blow that would not have urt Ings half as much as he made out .
But one that could elicit retrospective action , and potentially a ban , if reviewed by the Football Association .
The FA can take that step if , as was the case here , the referee misses the incident .
Hegazi could be hit with a three-game ban if found guilty of violent conduct .
Jonny 's no fan favourite
Withdrawing James McClean , after a typically exhaustive performance from the Irishman , did not go down well with the home fans who ackowledged his efforts .
But it was the identity of his replacement that really irked the Albion faithful .
Jonny Evans came on as Darren Moore went with five at the back .
The Northern Irishman , a member of the infamous 'Cab Four ' out in Spain , was roundly booed .
And not by a small section of the home fans .
By a large number of Baggies fans who , it would seem , ca n't wait to see the back of him when he almost inevitably moves on in the summer .
Albion are not going down quietly :
Alan Pardew wanted to save the Baggies , but if they were to get relegated on his watch , he wanted them to go down fighting rather than `` with a whimper '' .
It will be certainly be the former under Big Dave who has clearly got the players pulling in one direction and believing in each other .
With each passing week and positive result , the board 's decision to stick with Pardew and not show faith in Moore becomes more and more painful and no less frustrating .
Where might the Baggies be had Pardew walked sooner ?
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown : Raising minimum wage moral , though 'may not make sense '
A four-minute exposure time was added to the M10 at base ISO , and aperture values are now recorded in the EXIF data . Q shooters now have a favorites menu for quick access , they set the electronic shutter to always on , and benefit from faster DNG processing .
The CL now has a lock feature for the buttons and the functions can transfer between the two main dials .
TL shooters can now control the shutter mode control , choosing electronic or mechanical , and the firmware adds focus peaking when using an M adapter and for R lenses .
The T and TL bodies benefit from chromatic aberration correction and now support the Elmarit-TL 18mm F2.8 ASPH lens .
The firmware is available to download now or you can take your camera to a Leica store and have a staffer do it for you .
For more details , see the listing from Leica below or visit the Leica website .
Updated Models
Leica M10 ( v2.4.5.0 )
Optimization of the delete menu : The graphic user interface for the deletion of pictures has been revised .
Longer exposure times : Exposure times of up to four minutes are now possible at base ISO .
New continuous shooting mode with lower frame rate : An additional continuous shooting mode is now available ( Continuous Low Speed , three frames per second ) .
‘ Load profile ' is now available in the favorites menu .
Aperture value in EXIF data : The camera compares the brightness measured through the lens with the measured ambient brightness to estimate the aperture used . This value is then written to the EXIF data . In some cases , the interpretation of the subject or scene may lead to incorrect estimation of the aperture value , for instance when shooting subjects or scenes with high contrast and black or white objects .
LED deactivation : The red LED on the back of the camera can now be deactivated in the control elements menu .
Auto-ISO setting : Auto-ISO for base ISO is set to the default value of ISO 200 to optimize dynamic range .
Leica Q ( v3.0 )
Favorites Menu : Users can now enter and save up to 15 settings for faster access in a Favorites Menu .
Power Saving Mode : If required , the camera can now be set to switch to Stand-By Mode after 10 seconds .
Extended functions for the Fn button : Even more options can now be selected for programming the multi-function button .
User Profiles : Profiles can now be imported from and exported to a memory card .
OIS – optional ‘ Auto ' setting : This setting enables automatic activation of optical image stabilization at shutter speeds of 1/60 s and slower .
OIS – optional ‘ Auto ' setting : This setting enables automatic activation of optical image stabilization at shutter speeds of 1/60 s and slower . EVF/LCD setting options : This menu item can now be assigned to the Fn button .
Settings for the electronic shutter : The electronic shutter can now be set to permanently active .
DNG files : The processing speed of DNG files in the camera has been increased .
Autofocus fields : The last AF field used is now memorized and recalled when switching the camera off and on again .
Self-timer : The setting is now memorized and recalled when switching the camera off and on again .
Exposure preview deactivation option : Exposure preview can now be deactivated in manual mode ( especially useful when shooting in the studio with flash systems , underexposed settings or in dark environments ) .
Image review : Automatic image review remains active as long as the shutter release button is pressed .
Leica CL ( V2.0 )
Programming of setting dial functions : The programming of the two setting dials can now be swapped from one to the other .
Button lock : Pressing and holding the left-hand setting dial activates button lock ( this does not lock the on/off switch , the shutter release or the left-hand setting dial ) .
Power Saving Mode : If required , the camera can now be set to switch to Stand-By Mode after 10 seconds .
Touchscreen autofocus : The AF metering points can now also be shifted with the joystick control in Touch AF mode when using the electronic viewfinder .
Leica TL2 ( V1.4 )
Selection of LCD / viewfinder settings : It is now possible to select when and where the content is displayed ( up until now , display was simultaneous ) .
Customizable left function menu : The items of the left function menu can now be customized by the assignment of up to six of a total of thirteen functions .
Extended functions for the Fn button : Now , one of a total of six different functions can be assigned to the Fn button .
Settings for the electronic shutter : The electronic shutter can be deactivated , permanently activated or set to complement the mechanical shutter .
Focus Peaking in AF Mode : Manual focus corrections can now be applied in AF Mode with the MF-ring . In the meantime , Focus Peaking is available from FW 1.4 .
Focus Peaking with M-/R-Lenses : Focus Peaking is now also available when using M- R-Lenses with the M-Adapter L .
Exposure correction during video recording : The left-hand setting dial can now be used to apply exposure correction during video recording .
Zoom-in when reviewing images in the EVF : The right-hand setting dial allows users to zoom in while viewing images in the EVF .
Leica T/TL ( V1.8/V2.3 )
Akshay Kumar 's recently released film Toilet Ek Prem Katha has hit the right chords with the audiences . It has ended the dry spell at the box office as the movie has already collected Rs 51 crore .
After the success of the movie , Twinkle Khanna posted a message on Twitter , but is it a dig at Salman Khan 's Tubelight and Shahrukh Khan 's Jab Harry Met Sejal ? Read to find out .
Here 's What Twinkle Wrote ... `` So even the box-office needed this Toilet eventually to break free from its constipation- # ToiletEkPremKath Hit Hit Hooray ! ''
Salman & Shahrukh 's Film Bombed At The Box Office We all know that Salman Khan 's Tubelight and Shahrukh Khan 's Jab Harry Met Sejal bombed badly at the box office .
So Is She Taking A Dig At Them Twinkle Khanna wrote that Akshay Kumar 's film helped the box office to get free from the constipation and many believe she has indirectly taken a dig at Salman and Shahrukh with this .
Jab Harry Met Sejal Could Not Even Cross Rs 100 Crore Unfortunately , Shahrukh Khan 's JHMS could not even collect Rs 100 crore at the Indian box office .
Let 's Talk About The Box Office Collection Of Toilet Now Trade analyst Taran Adarsh wrote , `` # ToiletEkPremKatha is EXTRAORDINARY ... Fri 13.10 cr , Sat 17.10 cr , Sun 21.25 cr . Total : ₹ 51.45 cr . India biz . ''
To Witness A Big Jump On 15th August # ToiletEkPremKatha has an AWESOME weekend ... Day-wise growth was PHENOMENAL ... Tue [ Independence Day ] will again witness a big jump in biz . ''
Toilet Ek Prem Katha Has Pumped Oxygen In The Film Industry # ToiletEkPremKatha has pumped oxygen in the lungs of an ailing film industry ... The dry spell at the BO ends finally ! # TEPK
Strong Word Of Mouth Is Helping In Increasing The Business # ToiletEkPremKatha witnessed FANTASTIC growth on Sat ... Strong word of mouth is translating into MASSIVE numbers ... # TEPK
Keep watching this space for more updates !
Also Read : Esha Gupta Defends Her NUDE Butt-Showing Pictures ; Says She 's Gone NAKED & TOPLESS During Modelling
The death has occurred of Tom Healy , former chief executive of the Irish Stock Exchange .
Mr Healy , born in 1950 in Co.Westmeath , was head of the Irish Stock Exchange for 20 years from February 1987 to June 2007 . More recently he served as chief executive of the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange ( ADX ) ( formerly the Abu Dhabi Securities Market ( ADSM ) , before retiring in 2010 .
Mr Healy also acted as a consultant to the World Bank , the European Union and the United States Agency for International Development , and was involved with the World Federation of Exchanges and the Federation of European Securities Exchanges .
His funeral Mass took place today , Tuesday , at the Church of the Assumption , Dalkey at 11.30am , followed by burial in Shanganagh Cemetery .
ARCHDALE , N.C. ( AP ) — Authorities say a man suspected of driving under the influence sped off from a traffic stop in Archdale and died when he wrecked his car .
Troopers said in a news release that Grady Dean Moore crashed around 12:30 a.m. Sunday when he tried to pass a car in a no passing zone and clipped the rear bumper .
Authorities say Moore lost control of his Ford Fusion and hit a pickup truck head on . He was killed and two others in his car were seriously injured . Two people in the pickup truck were also taken to the hospital .
Troopers say it appears Moore was driving under the influence and had a suspended license .
SFHSSports : Twitter | Facebook
By now , we already know how talented South Florida is when it comes to high school football . But sometimes success can be an obstacle .
With as many as 150 Division-I type of athletes in the two counties , it is not unusual for big-time athletes not to receive the spotlight they deserve .
Last Saturday , while the nationally rated Florida Fire was winning the Pylon 7-on-7 South Florida title at Flamingo Park on Miami Beach – beating out local powers South Florida Express , Chris Chambers ' Elite , Strong Arm and Hard Knocks – two major athletes were taking center stage .
Justin Hill , Jr. from Miami Northwestern and Tyquan Thornton out of Miami Booker T. Washington have been among the best football players in one of the elite areas for talent .
Hill , a one-time youth quarterback prospect , has been the heart and soul of the Bulls the past two years . While he can fill in at the quarterback position , Hill is so versatile that his position on the roster is listed at : receiver , quarterback , running back , slot , safety , and kick and punt returner .
“ If they asked me to play on the line , ” I would , ” Hill said during the tournament . “ I just love the game – and when you happen to have the best quarterback in Florida in front of you , the only thing to do is to be that team player . ”
Indeed , he has done it all and never complained . Talk to Bulls head coach Max Edwards and he will go on and on about Hill . Speak with any of his teammates – and everyone will heap mounds of praise .
What Hill gives the Bulls is a football player who will go above and beyond . As Miami Central has in Seth McGill , who was a much talked about quarterback , who has done it all for the Rockets .
In the nation 's most prospect rich district , Hill will be vital for the Bulls as they look to unseat Miami Carol City from the top spot and attempt to keep the recent success against Central going .
“ I love playing this game and will do what it takes to give our team a chance to compete for a state title . ”
For Thornton , it may be a different story . While he may not be a household name in South Florida – college coaches know him . This two-sport ( track ) star is committed to Baylor University and many believe the Bears got a steal .
Thornton is not a loud and bragging type of player . But he has paid his dues behind some very talented pass catchers . That 's why , when he did get his chance the past two seasons , it was important for him to turn heads – and he did .
At 6-foot-3 , 175 pounds , there is a lot of room for growth for Thornton . This track sprinter has turned out to be the ultimate weapon . And when he puts on weight and more muscle , he will be among the best .
What Thornton has benefitted from at Booker T. , is solid coaching , tremendous competition and a winning attitude . The Tornadoes missed out on a state finals appearance last season , and the pressure is on this team to get back in 2017 .
“ There is a level of success that our program has achieved , ” Thornton said . “ It gets everyone ready to play this game at the next level – and beyond . I learned a lot , but now I believe I am ready to make a major contribution to this team . ”
His commitment to Baylor , which has been kept relatively quiet , is one that Thornton is excited about .
Either way , when you watch either of these young men perform , you will be seeing two of the best that Miami-Dade and Broward produce .
FIRE IS – STILL HOT
Almost every week that coach Dennis Marroquin and his Florida Fire 7-on-7 football team goes to a tournament , they are viewed as underdogs – instead of favorites .
Last Saturday , it was much the same as two Louisiana teams and a Tampa area squad joined the pool with the South Florida powers .
By the end of the Pylon event , it was the Florida Fire holding the trophy – again .
“ The funny thing about all these tournaments – whether it 's here or IMG or Las Vegas – we are always the underdog . But we 're rated second in the country , ” Marroquin said . “ Look around you and you will see some of the best players and coaches in Florida – and they are wearing our jerseys . ”
The Florida Fire stood on top of a very talented field . One that brought in Louisiana 's Bootleggers I & II , Struggle Nation , Palm Beach Fire , Team Florida ( Tampa ) and Team Nightmare .
Among the Florida Fire performers that stepped up during the day included : Shane Ellis ( TE , Olympic Heights , 2018 ) , Marlon Brunson ( WR , West Boca , 2018 ) , Mike Diliello ( QB , Cooper City , 2018 ) , Mark Pope ( WR , Miami Southridge ) , Keemy Hayes ( WR , Pompano Beach Ely , 2018 ) and Elijah Moore ( WR , St. Thomas Aquinas , 2018 ) .
The runner-up Strong Arm squad brought a number of standouts to Miami Beach as well . In addition to elite 2019 running back/defense back Nayquan Wright , there was also : Miami Central 2018 running back James Cook and receiver Damon Johnson ; Miami Edison 2019 running back Marcus Barthel .
Carol City players such as quarterback Marlon Smith , Greg Grate , Kewan Parker , Daequan Nelson , Phenol Williams and Mark Carter .
While there were many athletes on the field , we did our best to get as many as possible .
The Nightmare boasted : Kalani Norris , Joshua Jobe and Dee Ford ( Columbus ) ; Breion Fuller ( Doral Academy ) ; D.J . Ivey ( South Dade ) and Trenell Troutman ( St. Thomas Aquinas ) .
Struggle Nation featured : Demetrius Burns and receiver Tevin Charles and defensive back George Roberts ( Everglades Prep ) ; receiver Rahmod Smith ( Homestead ) ; athlete Willie Carter ( Southwest Miami ) and safety Marcus Spivey ( Palm Glades Academy ) .
Dr. Lester 's Hard Knocks team included : Tyquan Thornton , Gregory Reddick and Jaquan Beaver ( Booker T. Washington ) ; Joseph Taylor , Andrew Reese and William Francis ( Miami Edison ) ; Justin Hill , Jr. and Darrius Cook , Jr. ( Northwestern ) ; Travis Lathan ( Miami Palmetto ) ; Wayne Brooks ( Coral Gables ) and David Seralta ( Miami Killian ) .
A Final 4 team , Chris Chambers ' Elite featured MVP running back Dandre Jones ( Fort Lauderdale Dillard ) . Also , Boyd Anderson two-way standout Avery Thornton , Dillard defensive back/receiver Stanley Garner , who is also a tremendous basketball player , and under the radar Dillard quarterback Moses Francois .
Boyd Anderson standouts Novric Jackson and Dante Banton both made an impact . So did Jordan Smith , who recently transferred to Western from Plantation . He is a player to keep an eye on this coming season .
The South Florida Express not only used many of their older prospects , but also infused some younger football players into the action .
Among those who made an impact were : Marcus Fleming ( Miami High ) , Ed Rhodes ( Plantation American Heritage ) , Elijah Goree ( Miami Carol City ) , Malik Rutherford ( Mater Academy ) , Josh Acrum ( Miami Norland ) , Andrius Freeman ( St. Thomas Aquinas ) and Jovan Ferguson ( Booker T. Washington ) .
The Palm Beach Fire were also competitive during the day . Among those who came included : Altorian Perry and Corey Cola ( Park Vista ) , Shane Ellis ( Boca Raton Olympic Heights ) , Vincent Redman and Nick Hollis ( Palm Beach Lakes ) , Zachary Bohannon ( Boca Raton St. John Paul II ) and William Perez ( Wellington ) .
The Bootleggers came all the way from Louisiana to take part – and they were indeed loaded with talent . Among those that everyone was watching included standout quarterback Justin Rogers ( 2018 Parkway High School ) , receiver Terrace Marshall ( 2018 Parkway High School ) , cornerback Jordan Clark ( 2019 University High School ) , receiver Devonta Lee ( 2019 Amite High School ) and Class of 2019 cornerback Derek Stingley ( Dunham High School )
GRIFTON , N.C. ( WNCT ) – A Grifton group received a grant to help start a mobile farmers market .
Little Bud Thorb 's community garden wants to bring change to Lenoir and surrounding counties by bringing the food to the people .
Organizers say after the Piggly Wiggy closed in Grifton , the next closest store was miles away .
Earlier this week , the garden received 75,000 dollar grant came from the Winston-Salem foundation .
Traditionally , the grant was only given out to Winston-Salem areas , but officials say the group 's request was written so well , they got the money .
Funds will go to full-time workers , remodeling an old school bus into a full time mobile farmers market , and expanding the operation in general .
Organizers say their prices will be cheap and locations will cater to desert areas .
“ We 're going be local , ” said Linwood Thorbs , an organizer of the group . “ We do n't have a lot of local grown people , in Lenoir county , so that 's a plus , and on the other side we are creating jobs , showing a farming is a job , it 's job creation , entrepreneurship . ”
The group also recently received permits to sell fresh meats .
A mobile play ground is also a part of their operation , bring toys to rural kids .
They add when their school bus renovation is complete – they can service the entire east .
Okay # Karrueche we see what you 're working with 😏 A post shared by The Shade Room ( @ theshaderoom ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 6:20am PDT
is fighting back against body-shamers , who criticized her slender frame as being shaped like a “ boy ” . What prompted the discussion ? Karrueche posted a risqué photo on Instagram , sending the Internet into a frenzy .
Fans and haters flooded Karrueche 's social media with negative comments . Karrueche clapped back , calling out the trolls for praising fake bodies but shaming “ natural ones . ”
# Karrueche clapsback at those who had something negative to say about her body A post shared by The Shade Room ( @ theshaderoom ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 8:31am PDT
The photo has since been removed . Karrueche is n't the first celebrity woman to be shamed for her natural curves . While some bashed the Claws actress , fans defended Tran in the comments section on TheShadeRoom .
“ She looks like a boy in his early stages of transitioning into a woman , ” one person wrote .
“ Her body is fine ! It 's just right for her . It 's the body she was born with , how can you hate and bash something she ca n't control ? ” and said in her defense .
Social media has led us to believe certain body types are unattractive while others are placed on a pedestal . We criticize women who 've undergone plastic surgery to meet society 's standards then bash women who do n't naturally look that way . It 's exhausting .
What do you think about Karrueche 's response ?
RELATED STORIES :
Chris Brown Crept Into Rihanna 's Crop Over Mentions & Karrueche Tran Approves
Karrueche Tran Gets 5-Year Restraining Order Against Chris Brown
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coffee not only helps you feel full of beans - it might add years to your life as well , a major study has shown .
It 's the second most popular beverage on Earth - behind water , naturally - and researchers have found that drinking coffee is linked to living longer .
We 're not encouraging you all to go out and consume a diet completely consisting of Arabica .
But now you 've got a worthwhile excuse to tip that bearded hipster barista at your local cafe .
They may , just may , be helping you live longer .
The Mirror reports drinking at least six cups of coffee a day can help you live longer according to scientists .
In one of the biggest studies of its kind mortality rates of almost half a million middle aged and elderly Britons were compared with their coffee intake .
Those who glugged six or seven cups a day fared best .
They were 16 percent less likely to die from any disease over a ten year period than those who never touched the black stuff .
And the biggest coffee addicts did nearly as well . Those who got through eight cups a day - or more - saw death rates cut by 14 percent .
This is twice the maximum amount of caffeine recommended by the UK Food Standards Agency .
The protective effect was also identified among moderate and light coffee drinkers - but to a lesser degree .
Two to five cups , one cup or less than one cup a day reduced mortality by 12 , eight and six per cent , respectively , during the decade long analysis .
A coffee shop founded just 18 months ago has been voted the best in Brum .
( Image : Darren Quinton )
The Steam Room is on the site of a former flower shop in Harborne , where customers are loving the new aroma in town .
After the new business started to bloom by smelling of beans instead of roses , BirminghamLive readers have voted the Steam Room coffee shop as the best in town .
As part of our Brum Loves initiative , readers were asked to nominate their favourite coffee shops . A short-list of ten was then put together - with readers voting for an overall favourite .
Others on the short-list were Damascena , Quarter Horse Cafe , 200 Degrees , Coffee # 1 , Coffee Tales , Java Lounge , Faculty , Wayland 's Yard and 3 Threes but The Steam Room received the most votes .
The news has delighted owner Terry Donovan because the former flower shop was a business run by a family member before it closed four years ago .
It had a brief spell as an estate agent and someone else was refused permission to open a chip shop there .
( Image : Darren Quinton )
But when Terry met one of the Midlands ' leading baristas he knew he had found the right person to take the site forward .
One of the cafe 's features is that it welcomes dog owners to brings their pooches in for a bowl of water – rather like the new Head of Steam craft beer pub on Temple Street in Birmingham city centre .
There must be something about steam ...
Trendy filament lights hang from a ceiling covered with sacks and the bar is fronted with corrugated metal .
Some of the furniture is almost den-like and you 've probably never seen a floor tiled with more than 2,000 1p pieces .
Terry says : “ To be named the best in Brum is great news , especially as I 've never had anything to do with the hospitality industry before .
“ Having a really good coffee shop was something missing from this area and I think we 've made a big difference to this parade .
“ There 's plenty of parking round here and people no longer have to go to the High Street for a good coffee . ”
A woman in a Lowerline Street home awoke Monday morning to find an intruder inside who hit her several times before escaping , New Orleans police said .
The victim , a 20-year-old woman , was housesitting at a residence in the 1200 block of Lowerline ( near Oak Street ) on Monday , May 28 , and was awakened by a noise around 11:15 a.m. , according to the initial NOPD report . She found a man inside the home , and he struck her “ three to four times on the right arm with an open hand ” before jumping out a bedroom window to escape , the report states .
Further details were not immediately available . Anyone with information is urged to call the NOPD Second District station at 658-6020 to speak to a detective , or CrimeStoppers at 822-1111 to leave an anonymous tip that could be eligible for a cash reward .
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. ( AP ) — The running game has been an important factor in the Miami-Florida State series .
In the past 30 meetings between the Sunshine State rivals , the team with the most rushing yards has won 22 times . It will likely be a determining factor again on Saturday when the 13th-ranked Hurricanes visit the Seminoles .
Miami 's Mark Walton leads the Atlantic Coast Conference in rushing yards per game , averaging 134.3 . Florida State 's duo of Jacques Patrick and Cam Akers combined for 178 yards last week as the Seminoles got their first win at Wake Forest .
Walton , a 5-foot-9 , 205-pound junior , has been somewhat limited due to an ankle injury that he suffered in the Sept. 23 win over Toledo . He was held to 51 rushing yards in last week 's win at Duke but did have four receptions for 79 yards .
Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher said Walton is as good as any back they will face this season .
“ He 's consistent and does n't have many plays that go for negative yards , ” Fisher said . “ Last week he did as much damage out of the backfield catching the ball . Our defense is going to be challenged . ”
The Seminoles ( 1-2 , 1-1 ACC ) will need more from their ground game in order to take the pressure off freshman quarterback James Blackman . Patrick , who is also a junior , rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown at Wake , but more than half of his yards came on a 69-yard carry in the first quarter .
Akers , who was touted as one of the nation 's top recruits last year , has been tentative at times and slow to see openings for big gains .
“ Patrick is a big back , who runs hard , falls forward on contact , and Akers has quick feet and can run out of a tackle , ” Miami defensive coordinator Manny Diaz said . “ We have to make sure that you are in your gap and fit all the responsibilities in their runs . ”
Florida State has a seven-game winning streak over Miami ( 3-0 , 1-0 ) , but the last three meetings have been decided by a total of 10 points . The game was originally scheduled for Sept. 16 but was pushed back due to Hurricane Irma .
“ Rivalry games are important . They 're better rivalries when there 's some winning and losing on both sides , and that has n't happened lately , ” Miami coach Mark Richt said .
——
Some other things to know about this game :
NEEDING MOMENTUM : Florida State was ranked third in the preseason poll , but a season-ending knee injury to quarterback Deondre Francois and its first 0-2 start since 1989 made them tumble out of the rankings . The Seminoles were also reeling going into last year 's game at Miami , but the 20-19 win turned their season around and started a run where they won seven of their last eight .
FAST START FOR ROSIER : Miami quarterback Malik Rosier , who won a four-man battle for the spot in the preseason , leads the ACC in pass efficiency ( 167.0 ) along with throwing for eight touchdowns and only two interceptions . He 's also done a nice job of getting everyone involved in the passing game as six players have five receptions or more .
RECEIVERS ON DISPLAY : Florida State 's Auden Tate and Miami 's Braxton Berrios look to keep their touchdown streaks alive . Tate has caught a TD in the first three games , becoming the first FSU receiver to do that in four years . Berrios has a touchdown in four straight games dating back to last season , which is the school 's longest streak since 2012 .
IN THE TRENCHES : Florida State 's offensive line continues to struggle as the Seminoles had 17 plays result in negative yards last week . It does n't get any easier with Miami tied for second nationally in tackles for loss ( 9.0 per game ) . The Hurricanes also have 10 sacks in their first three games .
KEEP AN EYE ON : The kickers since this rivalry has a history of being defined by them . Florida State 's Ricky Aguayo has made eight straight this season while Miami 's Michael Badgley , who had an extra point blocked last year that would have sent the game into overtime , is 4 of 5 .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
By Tom Zulewski
Iron County Today
For the fourth straight night , a different saddle bronc rider got to take a victory lap around the Thomas & Mack Center after winning a round at the Wrangler National Finals Rodeo .
Ryder Wright came through and got to do one of his own Sunday , sending a message to the rest of the field that he 's ready to make a move .
The youngest member of Wright family competing at this year 's NFR , the 19-year-old scored 89 points aboard Pony Man and won his first round of the event . With the victory , Wright climbed another spot to fourth in the world standings at $ 171,976 .
Round 2 winner and Beaver resident CoBurn Bradshaw failed to cash a check for the first time Sunday , but still scored a 77 aboard Second Thoughts and maintained a seven-point lead over Brody Cress in the average as the rodeo heads to the halfway point .
In addition to Bradshaw , current saddle bronc money leader Jacobs Crawley and defending champion Zeke Thurston scored on their Round 4 rides , but finished out of the money .
Action from Round 5 of the WNFR continues Monday from Las Vegas starting at 8 p.m. and can be seen live on CBS Sports Network .
The brother of Nikolas Cruz , Zachary Cruz , center , leaves the courtroom after his brother 's arraignment , March 14 , 2018 . The Broward Sheriff 's Office arrested Zachary Cruz March 19 , and charged him with trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , the scene of last month 's mass shooting by his brother Nikolas . Wilfredo Lee AP
The pilot of a small twin-engine airplane died Monday after crashing into a delivery truck and a building near the San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport shortly after takeoff .
All the employees working in the Promega Biosciences building on Granada Drive escaped injury in the crash , which occurred at about 1 p.m .
Serafin Armenta , the driver of a FedEx truck that the plane crashed into , had walked away from the truck only moments before the crash , and also was unhurt .
“ I heard a loud boom , looked back and saw part of the tree fall , and then something caught on fire , ” Armenta said as he stood at the scene with ashes still in his hair .
The pilot , who has not yet been identified by authorities , was the only person on board the plane , which was recently purchased in Napa , and is registered to a business in downtown San Luis Obispo .
The charred FedEx truck was all that stood between the plane and the back end of the Promega building used for shipping and receiving — likely preventing the shattered remains of the aircraft from further impacting the building .
First responders , concerned about the potential for chemical contamination because of hazardous chemicals stored at Promega Biosciences , evacuated the surrounding business park until it was clear that the plane had not breached the building .
“ This could have been a major hazmat incident , but we dodged it all , ” said San Luis Obispo Fire Chief Charlie Hines . “ It is unfortunate for the pilot , but it could have been a lot worse . ”
The plane 's pilot made a mayday call around 1 p.m. to the airport .
Fire engines were en route to the scene , about 1.5 miles northwest of the airport , before it crashed .
The plane , which departed from the airport only moments before , clipped a set of power lines and scraped the cinderblock back end of the Promega building before crashing into a tree and the FedEx truck parked behind the building .
A witness at the scene told investigators that he saw the pilot struggling with the plane 's controls right before it crashed .
Angel Sosa , who works nearby at Del Ozone on Granada , said employees there heard an explosion and went outside to see that the small plane hit the FedEx truck .
“ I saw pieces of it everywhere , ” said Sosa , who ran to the scene with a fire extinguisher to try to help put the fire out .
Afterwards , Promega Biosciences employees waited for updates down the block from their office , checking cell phones and talking .
One employee , who had gone down the street for lunch without his cell phone , was the last of the 55 employees to be accounted for .
The employee came running back to the scene once he heard what had happened , and was greeted by fellow employees with hugs and words of relief .
Kris Yetter , president of Promega Biosciences , said she was glad all of the employees had made it out unharmed .
“ I feel very fortunate that it was n't any worse than it was , ” Yetter said . “ I feel so sorry for the family of the pilot . ”
The pilot was flying a Cessna 337 Skymaster , which has one engine in front and another in the rear of the aircraft .
The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the accident .
Click here to read updates on the story from the San Luis Obispo Tribune .
Tribune staff writers Cynthia Lambert and Julie Lynem contributed to this story .
AnnMarie Cornejo is a reporter with the San Luis Obispo Tribune . Contact her at [ email protected ] , or 805.781.7939 . Stay updated by following @ a_cornejo on Twitter .
My name is Tonya , and I grew up on a 300-acre farm in rural Virginia that has been in my family for over 100 years . After graduating from college , receiving my master 's degree in speech and language pathology , and living and working in a small city for six years , I decided to return to the place of my childhood . Here , in this rural area , on this patch of green , where for four generations my family has farmed , gardened , and lived , I , too wanted to be a part of this continuity . As a fourth generation farmgirl , I have many interests that not only include , but also go beyond the basics of farming , gardening , sheep and chicken-keeping . It is all of this and more that I plan on sharing in this blog .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lukas Jutkiewicz relished an ‘ enjoyable ' fortnight working under Garry Monk and has revealed the freedom Birmingham City have been given in attack .
The 28-year-old was applauded off during Blues ' 3-0 victory over Hull on Saturday having turned in arguably the best 83 minutes of his season .
Jutkiewicz and Che Adams gave the Hull defence a torrid afternoon and whilst the margin of victory was three , in truth it could have been double but for the excellence of Allan McGregor .
And a morale-boosting team display brought Monk his first victory as Blues boss who has had three games in his first two weeks -but now has the international break to continue implementing his methods .
“ It has been hugely important , ” Jutkiewicz said , who agreed that Blues are now playing on the front foot .
“ When a new coach comes in they have their own ideas of what they want to do and it 's really important to implement them every day on the training pitch and make sure that everybody is crystal clear in what is expected of them .
“ We 've had a good couple of weeks of doing that , it has been hard work but it has been really enjoyable .
“ There 's a really good atmosphere around the training ground , we 've been working really hard to implement the manager 's ideas and that 's important with a new coach .
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom : https : //audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed : https : //audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
“ He is very methodical in what he wants his team to be doing in terms of pressing and in terms of the team shape - and we do a lot of work on that .
“ On the other side of that we have been given that freedom to go and express ourselves . He 's a big advocate of that . ”
Part of that has been playing with two strikers , Jutkiewicz has operated with Che Adams in the last two home games - and Sam Gallagher at Cardiff .
The Jutkiewicz-Adams partnership was effective at the end of last season and on Saturday looked as though it could be so again .
“ I enjoy playing up front with Che . We 've had success last season when we did get a chance to play together .
`` He is a terrific young player and it certainly helps me that we 've got someone with his dynamics , running in behind to support you .
`` It does create that little bit extra space knowing that the centre-halves ca n't quite get as tight because Che is coming in behind .
“ I 'm sure he 'll tell folk he meant his goal , and I believe him . I 'll take them any way they come . I was waiting for a cross but if he does that every time , I 've no problems ! ”
Monk 's message
Garry Monk tasted victory for the first time as Birmingham City boss as Blues beat Hull City 3-0 at St Andrew 's .
Here 's the full transcript of what the BCFC manager had to say during his post match press conference :
BIGGER COAT
The first thing is I need a bigger coat . I made a mistake there did n't I. I was just thinking ‘ I am a centre half , I ca n't go and get a big coat now ' . I had to try and take it on the chin .
I was very pleased for everyone today , the players , the crowd , the staff . The most important part is points . We know how important every single point is going to be between now and the end of the season .
To get three was the be all and end all .
A PERFORMANCE ON TOP
No matter how you got it , we would have taken three points today if we could the fact we got a performance on top of it as well .
That should send that message to the players as well that confidence level - and that belief - just a little bit higher in terms of yes we can win games and yes we can get points - but we can also make a performance as well .
If you had told me before the game we would play rubbish and get three points I would have taken it . The fact we got a performance , three points , three goals , good chances , clean sheet is very pleasing .
ALL ABOUT BELIEF
It 's all about belief is n't it ? These situations you have got one of two ways .
You can either fear it , you play within yourself , in your shell and be safe . You need an element of that .
Or you can trust yourselves . We have tried to promote that . We have tried to lift the mood and make players believe in themselves .
I said coming in here we know the capabilities of the players , we have all seen them at their best - but it 's been a difficult season . They have not quite been at their best at all .
With the training and the message to the team is to go out there and show what we saw today .
CAN GET EVEN BETTER
There are still things I think we can get even better at .
But I have been very pleased in all three games with their attitude , desire . You can see the commitment from them .
We need to work hard .
It 's three points but we need many more three points .
THE GOALS AND MISSES
If anything we really should have been more clinical in that first half . If we had come in two or three goals up I do n't think anyone would have felt we did n't deserve that .
It 's very dangerous at 1-0 , especially with Hull who have scored seven goals in two games and have big threats .
They only need one moment .
We talked about it at half time , coming out on the front foot and gain that control , put them facing their own goal and keeping that momentum .
We did that , got the third . And in the end it was a comfortable victory .
I thought the performance - and of course the most important bit the win - was very good today .
INTERNATIONAL BREAK
We have got a long way to go , it 's an important three points going into an international break as well . That helps lift the mood and confidence .
It will be about hard work , focus and commitment .
OPTIMISTIC ABOUT THE FUTURE
Not just based on that . I said before I even come here I think I know what this group is capable of .
It 's one thing saying it and one thing seeing it . The only way we will see it is by hard work and commitment .
I think you saw today from the whole atmosphere , not just the players , the crowd , the staff , from the warm-up onwards .
I said it 's a two-way thing . The crowd have to give their all and the players have to give their all to the crowd and I think we got that spot on today .
NOT PERFECT
A win would have given them a lift but the fact they got a performance as well , especially on things we were working on and them to see them come out in games .
We are not perfect , it needs a lot more work to it . But that should give them that smell or sight of actually doing it and what we can do when we are fully at it as a team .
It 's going to be very difficult , eight games to go we know every game has pressure on it - we have to deal with that like we did today .
There 's a lot of work to go but today was a step forward in what we need to do .
WES HARDING
Yes , I never have any doubts in situations like that . I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at .
To me the situation does n't matter . If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that .
I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games , the threats that their wingers pose , Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to his defending .
Especially with that early booking as well . I thought he showed good maturity to handle that afterwards . I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in .
I will continue to do that . I am very pleased for him and for the team .
He did very , very well . You have to give players trust whoever they are , senior pros or players starting out in their careers .
My job is to pick the team that is best for that day , if that means it 's a young player so be it .
The key is that belief in them and to trust them and make sure they believe in themselves .
Carl was not injured , it is just my job to make decisions . I felt today that was one part of what is best for the team and thankfully it went well .
JOTA
Hopefully today 's performance gives him - like all of them - more confidence , more belief in themselves .
We all know individually what they are capable of . Jota brought exactly what he can bring today .
But they need to see it on a regular basis , you need to give them a platform to do it .
But we are not going to get carried away , it 's one win . We need a lot more three points .
PLEASING TO SCORE THREE
Yeah , we need about another 40-50 goals to make that alright ! I ca n't make promises on that one .
It was great , it was what we were trying to work on offensively , make us more creative , use the talent we do have to be more creative .
We saw that today . That does n't mean it 's just going to work every game now .
And defensively we were very solid , we limited Hull , we pressed when we need to press , we condensed the areas when we needed to . But each opponent is going to be different .
Today sets a minimum standard for me . We ca n't drop below the standard we saw today but I do think we can get even better .
ADAMS AND JUTKIEWICZ
I think they all showed that . Che definitely . It was a really good performance .
Him and Lukas worked really well together . I thought Lukas was fantastic , that allowed Che to free up and exploit Hull 's defence with his pace and directness .
The two of them together did very well today .
GARDNER AND GALLAGHER
Sam has a calf , he should be back training probably the start of the second week in the international break , so it 's not a serious one .
And with Craig , I do n't know just yet , he felt tightness in his hamstring .
He does n't seem to think it was a pull or a tear or anything like that .
We will know in the next 48 hours . We will obviously send him for a scan , hopefully that is n't too serious .
$ 1.1 million fundraising campaign comes to fruition as student athletes , supporters and others celebrate completion of the improvement project
John and Mardi Warkentin and members of the Puailoa family cut the ribbon Wednesday for the official opening of the Warkentin Stadium and Sut Puailoa Field at San Marcos High School .
The Field of Champions , a local nonprofit group that set a $ 1.1 million goal to build a permanent turf field at San Marcos , celebrated its completion as hundreds of supporters and student athletes looked on .
The 40-year-old soccer/track/football/general purpose grass field was completed over the summer , and a new track circling the multiuse field also was added to the construction plans .
A $ 500,000 gift from the Warkentin family included $ 100,000 designated for improvements to the nine-year-old track and the addition of track and field competition space at the campus at 4750 Hollister Ave .
The Field of Champions Campaign , a fundraising partnership , was forged with the Santa Barbara Soccer Club , San Marcos High School and community members to achieve the common goal of enhancing the quality of Sut Puailoa Field , which is used by more than 24,000 youth athletes , community groups , coaches , teachers , spectators and community members every year .
About $ 40,000 still needs to be raised . To contribute to The Field of Champions , call Scottee Reid at 805.679.7592 , click here to donate online , or mail donations to The Field of Champions , P.O . Box 60208 , Santa Barbara 93160 . Donations can be earmarked for the turf field or to track improvements .
— Noozhawk contributing writer Rochelle Rose can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
The violent , borderline sexual arrest of a young black woman in a Waffle House restaurant came on the heels of a similarly unjustified pair of arrests at a Starbucks . Yet unlike in Philadelphia , there have been muted calls , if any at all , for a boycott of the breakfast food chain .
In fact , there does n't seem to have been a single Waffle House protest even though a company spokesperson said “ police intervention was appropriate ” for what has been reported as a disagreement over a request for plastic ware .
So Waffle House is standing by their racist waitress calling police on a Black woman because she questioned an attempt to charge for plastic utensils , despite police violently assaulting that woman , so everyone ready to boycott Starbucks two weeks ago , where are you at ? — Mx . Amadi ( @ amaditalks ) April 23 , 2018
Meanwhile , the Starbucks CEO , who is White and was apparently mortified at the clear racist treatment his now-former employee gave two Black men , followed the racial blunder damage control playbook to a tee by criticizing the police and apologizing for that arrest .
So why the discrepancy between reactions to each arrest ?
I 'd like somebody to explain why y'all wo n't boycott Waffle House for that Black woman like y'all did Starbucks for those Black men . I 'll wait . — Rah ( @ IamRah ) April 23 , 2018
Are Black folks so married to the low prices and 24-7 convenience of every Waffle House that we 're unwilling to demand justice in this circumstance but cry foul in other similar ones in businesses that do n't market to communities of color ?
No matter how you spin it , there was absolutely no reason for the style in which Chikesia Clemons was arrested at a Waffle House in Saraland , Alabama , last weekend . If police were serious about trying to execute justice , they could have at the very least dispatched a female officer to take Clemons into custody . Instead , they sent in the all-male goon brigade to rough up a young woman and threaten to break her arm if she did n't comply . How could any self-respecting business defend that ? Yet , Waffle House did .
This statement is appalling . We saw the video & read the accounts . Your waitress overcharged , lied , & proceeded to call the cops on two nonthreatening black women , one who ended up being sexually assaulted . No press conference is ever going to justify this . I hope people boycott . — Princess Koriand ' r of Tamaran ( @ iriswestbest ) April 23 , 2018
Everybody 's got priorities , but some consistency would be nice ; especially when it comes to cases of apparent police brutality against women in particular .
SEE ALSO :
Waffle House Shooter Held On Bond While Countless Black People Are Denied Bail For Nonviolent Crimes
Cops Said ‘ We 're Gon na Kill You ' To Unarmed Diante Yarber After Using Racist Slur , Attorney Says
1 . Oregon is back : On Wednesday , Oregon put the nation on notice .
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No . 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks , Eugene 's resident all-american , hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left . Two nights later , with No . 22 USC coming to town , Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american , as he scored 28 points on 10 shots , hitting all four of his threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans , who had entered Friday night undefeated .
That was Oregon 's statement , their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them .
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September , but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn . I was n't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender .
They did that this weekend .
Which means that I 'm back on board .
2 . The ACC was really weird this weekend : And it does n't look like that is going to change anytime soon .
Let 's start with the obvious : Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play . No . 6 Louisville lost at home to No . 12 Virginia , who proceeded to lose at home to No . 20 Florida State . No . 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech , a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen 's tripping problems . No . 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech , who , along with Boston College , were supposed to be the league 's bottom-feeders this season .
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday ?
And frankly , this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season . The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games , Boston College and Georgia Tech , both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago . Duke , the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced , is clearly at a crossroads of their season . UNC , UVA and Louisville all have flaws . Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable .
The kicker ? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth . It 's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is , but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season .
RELATED : Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes , Stitcher and Audioboom
3 . Is Louisville the best team in the league ? : I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia , but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them . Styles make fights in college hoops , and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at .
And considering that , in the last two weeks , Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana , it 's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking . Quentin Snider played the best game of his career in the win over Kentucky . Donovan Mitchell played the best game of his career in the win over the Hoosiers . Deng Adel was very good in both . The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals .
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak , Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech ?
Honestly , I think the correct answer is that there is n't a “ best team in the ACC ” , but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone .
4 . The Big Ten was weird this weekend , too : It was n't quite as weird as the ACC was , but after the first week 's worth of Big Ten games it 's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought . It starts with Nebraska , who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland , two teams that look like they 'll be in the NCAA tournament in March . Then there is Minnesota , who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No . 15 Purdue on the road in overtime .
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten , but before this weekend , I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana are n't all that far behind the Badgers . Maybe that 's wrong .
5 . Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all ? : Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject . I wo n't totally repeat it here , but I will say this : The freshmen at Duke , Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory ; rightfully so , those dudes are awesome . Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming . North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky .
And all the while , Villanova just keeps winning .
Yes , they 're the reigning champs . Yes , they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster . Yes , they 're No . 1 in both polls .
But they never seem to be the trendy team , the popular pick to win it all , the favorite among the “ experts ” in this business . It may be time to change that , because if Villanova 's win at No . 10 Creighton taught us anything , it 's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats . They 're cool , calm and collected in pressure moments . They do n't rush . They do n't panic . They do n't force shots .
They execute .
They just win .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Milo Ventimiglia 's This Is Us Super Bowl ad is maybe the best thing ever written , performed , recorded , and broadcast . And I say this as someone who watches Randall BREAK MY DAMN HEART EVERY DAMN WEEK .
“ The big game is fast approaching and for many of us , this day brings us an opportunity to gather with friends and family , loved ones we do n't get to see all that often , ” Jack Pearson Milo starts .
“ But in 2018 , gathering friends and family , well , it 's not as easy as what it used to be . The country is divided . Sometimes that can make it tough to find common ground , but this year … this year , I think we should all take a deep breath , find the ability to forgive , and remind ourselves there is no difference so great that we ca n't overcome it , ” he then ladles some chili out of a Crock-Pot as the hashtag appears . I mean .
Anyway , watch it and LOL and also be mad about Jack Pearson being dead ! ( Although , I still think there 's a small chance he 's alive . Like , this show would totally do that to us , right ? They live to play with our emotions ! )
Why are hospital charges so high ? I 've asked myself this question for many years .
Although I was the CEO of a hospital for almost seven years , I 've never really understood how hospital charges are determined . Since I retired in 1995 , it seems to have become even more complex and less understandable .
For example , I 've been treated at UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles , and every time we receive the bill in the mail , usually 90 to 120 days later , the charges are not only enormous — generally around $ 40,000 — but completely unintelligible . As a Medicare patient with secondary coverage , I 'm responsible for only a small co-pay , anywhere from $ 5 to $ 100 , and the unpaid balance is written off .
A May 16 New York Times article headlined “ The Murky World of Hospital Prices ” uses data that had been “ submitted to Medicare by more than 3,300 hospitals seeking fee-for-service reimbursements for the 100 most common inpatient treatments in fiscal-year 2011 . The prices at issue — sometimes called ‘ chargemaster ' prices — are not what most people pay . They are far higher than what Medicare pays , which is close to the real cost of providing the service , and also higher than what private insurers pay because they negotiate for discounts .
“ The only patients likely to be charged the full listed prices are those with little or no insurance and no purchaser to bargain on their behalf . Many insured patients also face higher premiums or co-payments because their plans reimburse the hospitals based on discounts from the listed prices . The listed prices varied wildly from one part of the country to another and even within the same city or region , seemingly without any good reason or any relationship to the quality of care delivered .
“ For example , a ( New York ) Times analysis ... found that the Bayonne Medical Center in New Jersey charged $ 99,689 for treating each case of chronic lung disease , 17 times as much as Medicare paid in reimbursement . The price for a joint replacement with artificial hips or knees ranged from a low of $ 5,300 in a hospital in Ada , Okla. , to a high of $ 223,000 at a hospital in Monterey Park , Calif. , a 40-fold difference that can not be explained by regional differences in wages , the sickness of the patients or a hospital 's teaching responsibilities . The charge for treating heart failure patients in hospitals in Jackson , Miss. , ranged from $ 9,000 to $ 51,000 . ”
Part of the problem in determining what hospitals should charge for their services is the complexity of operating them : Staffing varies widely , depending on the number of patients who have been admitted , the time of the day ( or night ) , the type of staff , i.e. , doctors , technicians ( such as X-ray or ultrasound techs ) , emergency room staff , nurses , aides and orderlies , maintenance personnel , etc .
Staffing is required around-the-clock , regardless of the number of patients who have been admitted , or even when there are no patients at any given time . I can remember occasions when we had no patients in the Intensive Care Unit , but were required to keep a minimum staff on duty in case someone was admitted . In the late 1980s and early ‘ 90s , our local hospital had an ICU that often had no patients . However , we had to have a minimum of three ICU nurses on duty at all times , at a minimum cost of around $ 250,000 a year .
That may not seem like a lot of money in today 's world , but it was a great deal at the time . Due to inflation , that number would now be $ 468,812 .
Eventually , as part of a series of cost-saving measures that were instituted to keep the hospital open , we closed the ICU .
In addition , the costs of hospital operations are significantly increased by regulatory requirements ( federal , state and local ) — to a much greater degree than those of most other types of businesses . There 's a long list of agencies that monitor health-care practitioners and facilities , including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , which establishes and enforces rules and regulations for the health-care industry .
California has a state agency commonly referred to as OSHPD ( Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development ) that must approve the construction and/or improvement work in all hospitals . Its website characterizes the agency as “ one of the largest building departments in the State of California ” — and , I might add , one of the most difficult to work with . It can take an inordinately long period of time for it to approve projects , and it has the power to put a hospital that does n't comply with its regulations out of business .
It may be different today , but a relatively minor situation that I had to deal with at the time illustrates the point . There was a small linen closet in the hospital that had floor-to-ceiling racks for the linens . These were anchored to both the floor and ceiling in case of an earthquake . We decided to move it , which was a very minor project . About a year later , when an OSHPD inspector visited our hospital , he threatened to close the hospital because we had not obtained prior approval from his agency — which , incidentally , would have taken about a year .
Although all businesses are highly regulated today , hospitals continue to rank at the top of the list of those that are the most regulated and the most complex to manage .
— Harris Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairman and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital . Click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are his own .
A chef brings one of his favorite Japanese dishes to South Florida . That 's what 's cooking tonight — as we grab a Bite with Belkys .
The Chef : Masa Hamaya
The Restaurant : Dragonfly Izakaya and Fish Market in Doral
The Dish : Shoyu Ramen
Ingredients :
Dashi , ramen base :
4 qt . water
1 oz . kelp ( available at Asian markets )
2 oz . bonito flakes ( available at Asian markets )
3 fl . oz . soy sauce , dark
Other :
1 fl . oz . vegetable oil ( or any oil of your choosing )
1 lb . ground pork
1 oz . ginger , minced
1 oz . garlic , minced
as needed salt and pepper
8 oz . napa cabbage , rough chop/bok choy
8 fl . oz . dashi ( refer to recipe )
1 oz . cornstarch
as needed water
7 oz . ramen noodles ( 4 portions )
garnish as needed : green onions , rough chop
bean sprouts
Method of Preparation :
– Make ramen base ( dashi ) first . Take a stockpot on high heat and add cold water and kelp . Bring to a boil , add bonito flakes . Let broth sit for 15-20 minutes , then strain liquid through a fine mesh . Discard kelp and bonito flakes . Set broth to the side .
– Take a saute pan ( or wok ) on medium heat , add vegetable oil . Once the pan is hot , add in the ground pork , ginger , garlic , salt and pepper to taste and saute until pork has carmelized . Make sure to keep stirring the mixture so as not to burn the aromatics . Once the pork mixture has carmelized , add in the napa cabbage and bok choy and cook until cabbage starts to sweat . Then add dashi and let mixture come to a boil . Meantime , make a slurry with the constarch and water ( heavy cream consistency ) . Once pork mixture has come to a boil , add in the slurry and let mixture thicken up , then turn heat off . Set aside .
– Take ramen noodles and cook per package instructions , usually 3-4 minutes .
– Heat remaining dashi and add soy sauce .
To Plate :
– Portion ramen noodles evenly to four bowls . Ladle 8 fl . oz . of broth into each bowl . Top ramen with pork mixture , garnish with green onions and bean sprouts .
Serves : 4
Serving Suggestion : Hitachino Nest Classic Ale
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Manchester United 2 Huddersfield Town 0
Alexis Sanchez 's first goal for Manchester United wrapped up a 2-0 victory against Huddersfield on a day when the clubs came together to remember those who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster .
Tuesday is the 60th anniversary of the tragedy which claimed 23 lives , including eight of the players , as Sir Matt Busby 's side returned from a European Cup match at Red Star Belgrade .
Silence fell upon Old Trafford as those lost were remembered ahead of a match that United won , with goals from Romelu Lukaku and home debutant Sanchez sealing the victory against David Wagner 's Terriers .
Huddersfield struggled to create clear-cut chances in their first league trip to Old Trafford since March 1972 but dug deep in the first half to frustrate the hosts , who claimed a penalty when Terence Kongolo poleaxed Scott McTominay .
United were struggling for a creative spark but went up a gear after half-time , going ahead within 10 minutes of the restart when Lukaku smartly turned home a Juan Mata cross .
Sanchez won a penalty and saw it saved , only to turn home the rebound on his Old Trafford debut as United bounced back from the midweek loss at Tottenham , extending Huddersfield 's winless Premier League run to an eighth match .
United showed spirit to break down the visitors on a day when the club remembered those killed so tragically in 1958 .
Hundreds of fans congregated under the Munich plaque to pay their respects outside Old Trafford . When inside , they received a commemorative pack containing a book telling the story of the disaster along with a complimentary programme and letter from Ed Woodward .
“ ( Munich ) is forever woven into the fabric of this club 's history , ” the executive vice-chairman wrote in a letter to fans who impeccably observed a minute 's silence .
United started the match on the front foot and Jesse Lingard was soon racing through , only to fire straight at Jonas Lossl . Chris Smalling got away a tame header as the Terriers continued to be starved of possession .
Town 's players were making their presence felt , though , and the Old Trafford faithful were up in arms as not only was McTominay forcibly bundled over by Kongolo but referee Stuart Attwell did not point to the spot .
Town fans were also growing irritated with the officials , but Philip Billing was walking a fine line with some of his challenges — and Rajiv van La Parra embarrassed himself by miraculously returning to his feet having feigned injury .
Sanchez went down in the box claiming a penalty shortly after Lossl denied him a fine goal from the edge of the box , but United were lacking a spark and Huddersfield were only creating half-chances in a goalless first half .
Mourinho did not make any half-time changes , but his players immediately looked sharper .
New boy Sanchez wriggled free to get away a close-range shot blocked superbly by Tommy Smith and their intent bore fruit in the 55th minute .
United battled to win possession in Huddersfield 's half and the ball was swiftly played wide for Mata to whip in a cross steered home smartly by Lukaku .
Paul Pogba came on as Mourinho 's Reds looked to add another , with substitute Michael Hefele soon gifting them that chance by clumsily bringing down Sanchez .
Lossl saved the resulting spot-kick , but the Chilean was not to be denied a first United goal as he slotted in the rebound .
Lukaku and Pogba had chances to compound matters as the rain fell , although Town were showing the odd glimpse of attacking intent as the match came to a close .
Minister for Culture , Tourism and Civil Aviation Jitendra Narayan Dev invited Chinese tourists to visit Nepal for the unique experience that Nepal provides in the fields of adventure , culture and nature .
He was speaking at a Tourism Promotion Seminar organized by the Embassy of Nepal this morning .
Highlighting the deep civilizational linkages between Nepal and China as the foundation for promoting tourism in Nepal , Minister Dev called for further strengthening of bilateral relations in various sectors of common endeavors for mutual benefits .
In his opening remarks , Ambassador Leela Mani Paudyal described the various activities organized by the Embassy for promoting Nepal tourism in China and laid out the plans for such activities for 2018 .
More than 30 participants including the representatives of China National Tourism Administration ( CNTA ) , World Tourism Alliance ( WTA ) , China International Tourism Services ( CITS ) , China Youth Travel Services ( CYTS ) , CCT ( China Chamber of Tourism ) , travel and tour operators conducting travel business in Nepal and South Asia , and media persons attended the event .
According to a press release issued by Embassy of Nepal Beijing , the discussions in the seminar focused on devising innovative programs targeting the tourism market in China , and identifying the needs of Chinese visitors .
Dev is currently on a visit to China to attend the Asia Pacific Civil Aviation Ministerial Conference held in Beijing from 31 January – 1 February 2018 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A British model allegedly kidnapped in Italy was `` humiliated '' by her capture and did not make up the story for publicity , her former agent has said .
Phil Green told ITV 's Good Morning Britain he was standing by Chloe Ayling , who Italian police said was snatched by a group calling itself Black Death in Milan last month .
Ms Ayling is believed to have been drugged and transported in a bag to an isolated village near Turin , where she was held for six days as her captors tried to auction her online .
The 20-year-old said she was injected with ketamine after being lured to a fake modelling shoot in Milan before being bundled into the boot of a car and told she was going to be sold as a sex slave .
Mr Green , of Supermodel Agency , said he felt responsible `` in the sense that I did n't want to send her to the hands of a kidnapper '' , but that everything about the shoot `` checked out '' .
( Image : Instagram )
The model , from Coulsdon , south London , only began telling her story after the Italian police `` gave out every detail '' , he said .
He told GMB : `` Trust me , I would n't be sat here today , nor would Chloe be giving an interview , had it not been for the Italian police giving a press release .
`` She was humiliated by the fact that she 'd been kidnapped .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` She 'd been through an ordeal , she wanted to forget it and come back home and start her normal modelling life . ''
Ms Ayling received £200,000 worth of offers of work when she returned to the UK , he said , and has since moved to a new modelling agency .
But , Mr Green added : `` She did n't do this for publicity purposes by any means . ''
( Image : Instagram )
He warned other models to be careful over their social media use when posting details of jobs .
Employees are willing to act as ambassadors , but lack support and consistent programs
SAN FRANCISCO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - A new research study by LEWIS reveals that employees have a genuine appetite to act as ambassadors for their companies and brands . Employers , however , need to make it easier for them .
The study highlighted three reasons companies fail :
1 . They are not formally embracing it
Despite the majority of employees believing that Employee Advocacy programs increase employee engagement , only half of the respondents have a program in place . Of companies that do not have an Employee Advocacy program , half of the employees said they would like one . More than half of all employees surveyed ( 52 % ) would create content for their employer ( such as social media posts or blogs ) , if they were asked to .
2 . Companies fail to make use of social media
Almost three quarters of employees ( 73 % ) said their company should be more active on social media . Around half of the companies surveyed , however , forbid their employees from using social media during working hours . Almost 40 % said their companies are active on social media , but social media use by staff is not encouraged .
Furthermore , 73 % share company content on one or more of their personal social media channels . The main reasons stated for this include a feeling of pride in the company ( 54 % ) and a desire to be an advocate ( 37 % ) .
3 . Companies fail to create common values among employees
Six out of ten employees use separate social accounts for personal and business activity . The primary reason employees create separate accounts is that they think their personal beliefs may differ from their employer .
News related content is most popular when it comes to sharing corporate content . Some 59 % shared news related content , followed by video and photographic content ( 56 % ) and HR updates ( 31 % ) .
Many employees said companies should develop better photography , while 46 % recommend more videos . In addition , 46 % suggested a reward for staff sharing content and 41 % would appreciate social media training for all staff .
`` Engaged employees are an asset to any brand , '' says Michael Brito , head of US Digital at LEWIS . `` Mobilizing employees to participate in your brand 's content engine raises brand awareness in an authentic way . The employee willingness is there . Smart brands will tap into that willingness to reach new audiences online , extend the reach of organic content and humanize their message . ''
The survey was completed by LEWIS , surveying over 1,000 knowledge workers worldwide during the months of January , February and March 2017 . The full report can be downloaded here .
About LEWIS
LEWIS provides full PR , marketing and digital services to drive tangible results for clients around the world . Its agile approach allows brands to adapt to market opportunities and win the war for relevance . LEWIS has 600 staff across 30 offices throughout Asia , Europe and North America .
Anticipation builds as we 're days away from thebiopic All Eyez on Me .
The film 's producer , L.T . Hutton , revealed a lot in an interview with The Breakfast Club on Wednesday . He sat down with the flick 's director , Benny Boom , and explained how the project was years in the making . Hutton 's most revealing comments came when they got on the subject of John Singleton . The Boyz n the Hood director was one of the people involved early on and now , he 's the person most against the film . Hutton addressed Singleton 's critiques and according to him , Singleton 's original script is completey different than what we will see on Friday .
“ There were a multitude of things that he wanted to do that just were n't flattering to 2Pac himself , ” Hutton said . “ You knew what was going on and now you want to defame the guy ? Not on my watch . ”
Hutton confirms rumors that Singleton included a rape scene in the film . “ The raped in jails stuff , yea he wanted to put that in there , ” said Hutton .
The producer then described how the movie started in Singleton 's script . “ 2Pac goes in the studio . One guy 's in the studio , he 's getting head . So 2Pac is with the other girl , you know and these girls are White , and 2Pac tries to give her anal , ” Hutton says . “ The girl denies him , he kicks her out and he tells the White girls to go home and tell your dad you got f * cked by a n * gga today . End scene . What movie is that bro ? ”
That 's not all .
Hutton explains that Singleton 's script was over-sexualized in general , saying “ every page they 're f * cking. ” He even said a threesome scene involving 2Pac 's mother , Afeni Shakur , was included in the script .
There 's still more .
Lastly , Hutton said John Singleton wanted to include a scene where Pac is talking to his own cut-off head . “ It 's like a dream sequence where 2Pac 's head was cut off and he was in the cell and he went , picked up his own head , and spoke to his own head , ” said Hutton .
There 's so much in this interview you have to watch it for yourself . Check it out below :
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Seamlessly integrate JIRA Service Desk functionality into any native environment , allowing businesses to put help right at their customers ' fingertips . Using Jelldesk Support , companies can reach out and offer support , provide information , or start a conversation with live chat in their Slack team .
Thomas Swan & Co. Ltd. , recognised as one of the world 's leading suppliers of innovative nanomaterials including graphene , 2D boron nitride and single-wall carbon nanotubes , has announced the establishment of an experienced Technology Advisory Panel .
The decision comes following Fujitsu 's recent announcement to adopt carbon nanotube Non-Volatile Random Access Memory ( NRAM ) technology for its next generation of embedded memory . The NRAM technology , chosen by Fujitsu , was developed by Nantero Inc. in the USA and uses single-wall carbon nanotubes as a critical component . Read article here .
Key figures on the Panel include Andy Green – former Senior Independent Director at ARM Holdings , Michel Attias – former Vice President Europe of LSI Logic , Altera and AppliedMicro , Ernie Richardson – Experienced Venture Capitalist and Thomas Swan Non-Executive Director and Dr Andy Goodwin – Thomas Swan 's Advanced Materials Business Director . It will be chaired by Harry Swan – Thomas Swan 's Managing Director .
Thomas Swan has worked closely with Nantero Inc. in the USA for over thirteen years to ensure the supply of high purity and consistent quality single-wall carbon nanotubes in support of Nantero 's pioneering NRAM development programme . The Fujitsu announcement is the first indication that carbon nanotube-based memory is likely to be adopted by the semiconductor industry and Thomas Swan 's carbon nanotubes are specified in the NRAM design .
I 'm delighted that we have been able to secure the advice of such experienced and senior semiconductor industry experts . While I 'm confident that we have an excellent product , and can scale our manufacturing to meet the anticipated increase in demand , the Advisory Panel will help establish our reputation with down-stream customers in the memory market as a stable and reliable supplier . The Panel will also ensure we are strategically positioned for the next wave of technical requirements in carbon nanotube design and production to support future NRAM developments . Harry Swan
NRAM is a major new development for the semiconductor industry and Thomas Swan is well positioned to supply its carbon nanotubes into this exciting opportunity . I look forward to helping them establish their credentials as a stable , reliable and technologically capable supplier . Andy Green
We are seeing the emergence of a new technology platform enabling incredibly fast non-volatile memories ; this brings innovation and higher performance to a multitude of potential applications . Operational excellence will be instrumental in the success of this new technology and the ramping up in high volume production . I am excited to be part of this new development and to contribute to Thomas Swan 's strategy for carbon nanotube supply and rapid scale-up . Michel Attias
Thomas Swan has pioneered the production of single-wall carbon nanotubes , under their Elicarb® brand , over more than a decade of research and development . Originally developed in collaboration with the University of Cambridge , their process is protected by a range of patents and technical know-how that has established Thomas Swan as one of the few industrial scales , high specification single-wall carbon nanotube suppliers in the world .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
After four weeks of uninterrupted basketball action , the 2018 Kwese Premier League goes on break after the conclusion of Round one of the league .
In the Atlantic Conference of the league , Kwara Falcons of Ilorin top the table with 14 points , Hoops and Read finished in second place with 12 points , while newly promoted Anambra Flames finished third with 11 points . Customs of Lagos , Delta Force of Asaba and Comets and Police Baton of Lagos and Oluyole Warriors of Ibadan finished 4th to 8th respectively .
In the Savannah Conference , Gombe Bulls sit atop the league ladder with 12 points from six games , Kano Pillars are in second place with 11 points , Niger Potters are in third place with 10 points followed by Bauchi Nets , Defenders , AHIP and Plateau Peaks respectively to complete the roll .
In the meeting attended by the federation president , Tijjani Umar , the League board reiterated that two teams each from the two Conferences will be relegated to and same number promoted from the division one at the end of the season . Action is expected to resume sometime after Ramadan .
Umar used the opportunity of the review meeting to discuss the latest correspondence from FIBA regarding the leadership dispute in the NBBF which Fiba seeks to settle through new elections , noting that the time table of activities leading to the elections released by FIBA is a welcome development .
The Export-Import Bank of Korea approved USD 14 million for supply of garbage collection compactors to Sri Lanka . This project will provide 190 garbage compactors to local authorities in all nine Provinces of Sri Lanka in order to collect and transfer large amount of waste to dumping sites in an efficient and economical manner .
Korea Eximbank which operate ECDF ( Economic Development Cooperation Fund ) entrusted by Korean Government will finance this project with a high concessional EDCF compact loan of 0 % interest rate and 30 year repayment period including 10 year grace period . The project executing agency will be the Ministry of Local Government and Provincial Council and Local Government whereas the National Solid Waste Management Centre under the purview of the same Ministry will function as the project management unit .
The main objective of this project is to improve the solid waste management system through reduction in travel time and maintenance cost of collection vehicles and increase the waste collection quantity . Following the tragic garbage dump collapse in Meethotamulla , the solid waste management becomes a pressing concern in Sri Lanka . Currently , approximately 3/4 of solid wastes generated in urban areas are disposed through unsanitary open dumping due to the insufficiency of waste collection system . Further , there is a serious shortage of waste collection equipment in Sri Lanka where only 11.6 % of solid waste is collected by compactors . In this context , this project will not only help prevent further environmental pollution and damage that was caused by unsanitary open dumping due to the insufficiency of waste collection system but will also enhance health and sanitary lifestyle of people in the long-run .
The supply of garbage compactors project does not have only economic meaning but also diplomatic meaning . Korean government 's decision to finance for this project comes at a significant time as this year 2017 marks the 40th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Sri Lanka and the Republic of Korea .
Korea Eximbank also provides financing for international trade and overseas investment , to promote bilateral economic cooperation . Since 1978 , Korea Eximbank has provided US $ 386 million both for trade between Sri Lanka and Korea and for Korean companies ' foreign direct investments in Sri Lanka .
( Government News Portal )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When Isaac Vassell says he 's ready to graft at Birmingham City , you know he means business .
After all , this is a striker who was working as a building-site labourer only two years , combining semi-professional football with a gruelling job that he needed to pay the bills .
After his release from Plymouth Argyle , Vassell joined Truro City but when the 23-year-old was n't scoring goals on a Saturday he was getting his hands dirty just to keep him afloat .
A prolific two-year spell earned the forward a move to Luton Town and now Harry Redknapp has handed him the big-money move that he always dreamed of .
“ If anything , doing the hard work in the past has made me a bit more hungry and driven , ” he told the Birmingham Mail .
“ I was doing a bit of building work , a bit of labouring and a bit of jack-hammering !
“ It was n't easy but it was just something I had to do to get a bit of money .
“ I had football part-time and that was always more important to me . It was my dream .
“ ( After leaving Plymouth for Conference South side Truro ) I always had it in my mind that I wanted to get back ( into professional football ) . ”
Vassell , cousin of ex-Villa and England striker , Darius , would get up at 6am every morning , brave the elements and complete the work that was asked of him .
Football was always on his brain , though , and clearly he had enough left in the tank to fire in 22 goals over two seasons ,
“ There were a few times when I had to say to my ( building site ) boss that I needed a couple of extra hours in bed because I had a long away trip ! ” he recalled
“ I did n't miss too many games but I had to miss the odd training session .
“ It was non-stop . It was either work or football , as simple as that .
“ But it helped me .
“ No disrespect to people who do that but I always had it in my mind that I did n't want to do it .
“ Football was always more important to me .
“ Thankfully it made me work harder to get to where I needed to be , ”
So what will Blues be getting now he 's in the Midlands and focused on one thing - scoring goals in royal blue .
“ Pace , power , getting in behind defenders , scoring goals and just being a general nuisance , ” he said .
And what was it that made him choose Blues over other interested clubs ?
“ Harry Redknapp is such a big name and he 's got so much experience at the top level so hopefully he can be someone I can learn from .
“ Birmingham City is also a massive club . They 've been up there around the top leagues and have had some great players in the past . ”
A Vancouver man has been reunited with a stolen sculpture he carved for his late wife thanks to the kindness strangers .
Harry Peters said the wooden work of art was stolen from the back porch of his Burnaby home last week .
“ To me , it 's a headstone and you do n't fool with that stuff , ” he told CTV Vancouver .
Peters spent thousands of hours carving a wooden orca whale for his wife , Laurie , who died of a stroke in 2006 .
“ I wanted to honour her as best I could because I loved her so much , ” the widower said .
When the whale went missing , Peters ' friends launched a social media campaign asking for the public 's help in locating the sculpture .
People quickly reported seeing the carving all over town . First , a bus driver said he saw two men taking it for a ride on Hastings Street . Someone then reported saw the sculpture for sale on the Downtown Eastside .
Peters ' beloved carving was finally located at The Unique Antique , an antiques store on Main Street near East 2nd Avenue .
Store owner Randy Sowinski said he bought the piece for $ 250 , but gave it back to Peters free of charge once he heard his story .
“ I 'm just really happy that they got it back , ” Sowinski said .
Peters said he is thankful for Sowinski and everyone else who helped track the sculpture down .
“ It means the world to me , ” he said .
For Peters , the emotional journey has made the piece that much more valuable .
“ Sometimes when you lose something and get it back , it 's better than never losing it at all , ” he said . “ It gives you a heightened appreciation . ”
From now on , Peters said he 'll keep the sculpture indoors .
With a report from CTV Vancouver 's St. John Alexander
Middlesbrough 0 Leicester City 0
While 2016 was a year to remember for Leicester City and Middlesbrough , much work is still to be done if 2017 does not turn into an almighty dud . Neither side deserved to win this scrap of a Premier League match that will probably go down as one of the worst this season , with the goalkeepers barely having a save to make and the result not exactly helping either team 's bid to move up the table .
Perhaps it was not surprising that this was no free-flowing affair , given Boro and Leicester have scored a combined 41 league goals , a figure equalled or bettered individually by Chelsea , Liverpool and Arsenal .
The result still keeps both teams comfortably above the bottom three but Claudio Ranieri and Aitor Karanka may need to improve the attacking potency in order to move further away from danger .
Both sides made five changes from their respective matches on New Year 's eve and the first-half was a fragmented one as a result . Leicester offered little width while Boro often found themselves in strong attacking positions only to be let down by their end product .
The champions held a two-point advantage over Middlesbrough before kick-off and Karanka spoke beforehand of the importance of the match because it came against a relegation rival . Leicester 's two points from their first nine away league games is the joint lowest total by defending top-flight champions but they have enjoyed a far superior record over Boro in recent times , not losing in their past 13 meetings .
Brad Guzan replaced Víctor Valdés in goal for Boro , while Leicester 's Islam Slimani did not make the squad and Riyad Mahrez was playing his last game before departing for the Africa Cup of Nations .
Leicester started well , with Shinji Okazaki causing problems with his usual injection of energy and a persevering run from the Japan forward saw the ball at the feet of Christian Fuchs on the left-hand edge of the penalty area but the full-back dragged his shot wide .
ADVERTISEMENT
For Boro , their best outlet was Adama Traoré who continues his season of wonderful runs and woeful crossing . On more than one occasion the Spaniard beat his man down the right before failing to deliver a telling ball but he was certainly Middlesbrough 's most dangerous proposition .
In the 18th minute Traoré went down on the edge of the area under the challenge of the admirable Robert Huth , with the referee , Robert Madley , giving nothing , before setting up his team 's best chance of the half moments later . Traoré drove to the byline and squared the ball across goal for Marten de Roon , but the midfielder could fire only over the crossbar with his first-time effort .
Both sides struggled to create clear scoring opportunities as the match wore on , although Leicester 's Andy King and Boro 's George Friend – on for the injured Antonio Barragán – both fizzed enticing balls across the box only to evade any onrushing team-mates .
Friend had at least made an impact for Karanka 's side and the full-back cut inside from the left in the 68th minute , beat two defenders before slicing wide . Leicester came close when Leonardo Ulloa headed a corner straight at Brad Guzan , but the game was descending into a low-grade affair .
Gaston Ramírez went close to a late goal , firing a low shot into the side netting after a poor headed clearance from West Morgan , but no one deserved to win this match .
( Guardian service )
On Friday , the FCC approved Google 's application to use its Project Loon balloons to give emergency cell service to Puerto Rico — 83 percent of which still lacks cell coverage . Creative Commons
With $ 15.6 million support from the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the University of Wisconsin–Madison center for research on materials like glass , semiconductors and liquid crystals will continue to pursue its work .
Chemical engineering Ph.D. student Yingxin Guan conducts research with a plasma focused ion beam microscope . Photo : Renee Meiller/Uw-Madison College Of Engineering
The grant ensures six years of funding for the Materials Research Science and Engineering Center , based in UW–Madison 's College of Engineering and including 30 affiliated faculty from nine departments throughout the university .
Researchers at MRSEC , which was founded in 1996 , explore crucial , large-scale and complex questions in materials science .
These questions require large groups comprised of researchers with skills in synthesis and characterization of materials , materials processing and in theory and computation . Only with these interdisciplinary groups can we go after problems that are really difficult and that involve fundamental questions in materials-related areas . If we can address them , they will lead to breakthroughs that will transform our understanding of materials and lead to a new slate of technologies . It 's high-risk , high-reward research . Nick Abbott , Director of MRSEC and Professor of Chemical and Biological Engineering
It is the high-risk nature of the research that makes NSF 's extensive and flexible funding commitment so vital , Abbott says . MRSEC-affiliated faculty have the freedom to exhaustively track fundamental issues — a painstaking process that can frequently conclude without the famous “ eureka ! ” moment of discovery .
But NSF 's long-term commitment has also produced groundbreaking research : semiconductor synthesis from new materials , with wide implications for electronics ; the employment of liquid crystals for sensing , with applications in wearable technologies that detect airborne lethal gases and the highly efficient energy transfer capacity of carbon nanotubes . The property makes them a potential candidate for next-generation solar energy harvesting .
Another could come in the form of better understanding of glasses , a significant thrust of MRSEC research . Most people understand glass as a brittle , transparent material beneficial for making storage containers , windowpanes and smartphone screens . But there are metal and plastic glasses , and MRSEC Researchers may come up with totally new categories of glasses , according to Chemistry Professor Mark Ediger , Co-investigator with Paul Voyles , Professor of Materials Science and Engineering .
Our project seeks a fundamental understanding of glassy materials that enables the development of new glasses that might extend the life of machine tools or enable advances in quantum computing or lead to even better cell phone displays . Mark Ediger , Chemistry Professor and Co-investigator , The University of Wisconsin-Madison
The Researchers guided by Chemical and Biological Engineering Professor Tom Kuech and Materials Science and Engineering Professor Paul Evans hope to accelerate progress in quantum information technologies , including quantum computing , by producing thin films from complex oxides .
The films typically have uncommon crystal structures displaying amazing magnetic , electronic and optical properties . Comprehending them will only happen through continuous investment in major research , the type of investment that NSF 's MRSEC funding provides .
“ NSF support really goes a long way at UW–Madison and has a significant and broad impact , ” Evans says . “ And that impact is underpinned by the basic science happening at MRSEC . The basic scientific research provides the foundation for highly valuable education and outreach activities . ”
MRSEC also supports globally recognized educational and outreach programs , creating and distributing research-inspired educational kits and activities to Teachers who integrate basic materials science concepts in numerous high school classrooms .
Abbott says the new funding will be useful for MRSEC to transition from physical kits to creating digital educational materials in the form of educational games , which could reach more number of schoolchildren .
“ The UW–Madison MRSEC has been a national leader in education for decades , with measurable impact worldwide , ” says Engineering Physics Professor Wendy Crone , who Co-leads MRSEC educational and outreach programs with Anne Lynn Gillian-Daniel , Director of the Interdisciplinary Education Group . Crone added , “ We have created science kits , teaching laboratories , web-based content for K-12 teachers , museum exhibits , outreach activities and now digital games . ”
According to Abbott , MRSEC 's impact includes millions of dollars of scientific equipment that is available for use by industry and Researchers both on and off the UW–Madison campus . Furthermore , the Advanced Materials Industrial Consortium - a group of companies - along with MRSEC faculty and staff provides priceless professional development opportunities for UW–Madison Students and Researchers .
Seattle Mariners ' Gordon Beckham is congratulated after scoring against the Texas Rangers in a baseball game Tuesday , May 15 , 2018 , in Seattle . ( AP Photo/Elaine Thompson )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Six buildings on Birmingham 's Brindleyplace estate have been bought by part of HSBC for in excess of £260 million .
US property group Hines has sold the group to HSBC Alternative Investments after placing them on the market in autumn 2015 .
The buildings comprise 500,000 sq ft of mixed use space and the sale follows the collapse of a deal to Middle East investors a year ago .
Hines UK , which acquired part of the estate off Broad Street for £190 million with Moorfield in 2010 , will be retained as asset manager .
Raj Rajput , managing director of Hines UK , said : `` We are proud to have managed Brindleyplace over the last seven years .
`` It continues to be one of the most desirable office locations in Birmingham . ''
The overall estate covers 17 acres and comprises a mix of office and leisure buildings including several bars and restaurants , totalling more than one million square feet .
Property consultancies CBRE and Colliers advised Hines .
Researchers are confident the technology will be useful in developing a microdevice to determine metastasis
A team of researchers at UCSB has developed a breakthrough technology that can be used to discriminate cancerous prostate cells in bodily fluids from those that are healthy . The findings are published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
While the new technology is years away from use in a clinical setting , the researchers are nonetheless confident that it will be useful in developing a microdevice that will help in understanding when prostate cancer will metastasize , or spread to other parts of the body .
“ There have been studies to find the relationship between the number of cancer cells in the blood , and the outcome of the disease , ” said first author Alessia Pallaoro , postdoctoral fellow in UCSB 's Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry . “ The higher the number of cancer cells there are in the patient 's blood , the worse the prognosis .
“ The cancer cells that are found in the blood are thought to be the initiators of metastasis . It would be really important to be able to find them and recognize them within blood or other bodily fluids . This could be helpful for diagnosis and follow-ups during treatment . ”
The researchers explained that although the primary tumor does not kill prostate cancer patients , metastasis does .
“ The delay is not well understood , ” said Gary Braun , second author and postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Molecular , Cellular , and Developmental Biology . “ There is a big focus on understanding what causes the tumor to shed cells into the blood . If you could catch them all , then you could stop metastasis . The first thing is to monitor their appearance . ”
The team developed a novel technique to discriminate between cancerous and non-cancerous cells using a type of laser spectroscopy called surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy ( SERS ) and silver nanoparticles , which are biotags .
“ Silver nanoparticles emit a rich set of colors when they absorb the laser light , ” Braun said . “ This is different than fluorescence . This new technology could be more powerful than fluorescence . ”
The breakthrough is in being able to include more markers in order to identify and study unique tumor cells that are different from the main tumor cells , according to Pallaoro .
“ These different cells must be strong enough to start a new tumor , or they must develop changes that allow them to colonize in other areas of the body , ” she said . “ Some changes must be on the surface , which is what we are trying to detect . ”
The team is working to translate the technology into a diagnostic microdevice for studying cancer cells in the blood . Cells would be mixed with nanoparticles and passed through a laser , then discriminated by the ratio of two signals .
The two types of biotags used in this research have a particular affinity that is dictated by the peptide they carry on their surface . One type attaches to a cell receptor called neuropilin-1 , a recently described biomarker found on the surface membrane of certain cancer cells . The other biotag binds many cell types ( both cancerous and non-cancerous ) and serves as a standard measure as the cells are analyzed .
In this study , the team mixed the two biotags and added them to the healthy and tumor cell cultures . The average SERS signal over a given cell image yielded a ratio of the two signals consistent with the cells ' known identity .
Pallaoro said she believes the most important part of the new technique is the fact that it could be expanded by adding more colors — different particles of different colors — as more biomarkers are found . The team used a new biomarker discovered by scientists at UCSB and the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute .
The senior author of the paper is Martin Moskovits , professor in UCSB 's Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry .
By Davies Iheamnachor
KULA—THE people of Belema and Ofuyama communities in Kula Kingdom , Akuku-Toru Local Government Area , Rivers State , are on the warpath with Shell Petroleum Development Company over alleged abandonment in the last 37 years as well as destruction of economic life . Grumbling that their chief occupation , fishing , is now impossible following contamination of their river as a result of oil exploration and exploitation by SPDC , the villagers , stormed and occupied the company 's Belema Flow Station and Gas Plant located in their area , last weekend .
The protesting villagers , who grumbled that they were jobless , suffering strange sicknesses with no health facility , electricity and also drinking polluted water , accused the firm of failing in its corporate social responsibility to the host communities .
Shell alerts security agencies
However , Shell , operator of the Joint Venture , condemned what it described as illegal occupation of the facilities by the demonstrators , saying it had informed the appropriate authorities of the siege and was working towards resuming safe operations .
Divide and rule tactics : Speaking during the protest , the Amapulo I of Kula Kingdom , Chief Tamunoimi Owen Felix , who led a team of elders and youths from the Kula communities , demanded that SPDC should vacate the area . He said , ” Come to Belema and other communities and see the royal palace , it is a show of shame to Shell . When they want to do something , they will go and pick some villagers from elsewhere secretly , come here and snap pictures and claim they have done something for us and when the people hear it , they become confused .
World class health facility
“ I was a youth in 1980 when our king then , His Royal Majesty , King Felogbo Oko XXVII , leased this palace to Shell and they made so many promises ; that they would train our people , empower us , bring world class health facilities , education and electricity and many more . Now I am over 60 years and I have retired from civil service job and none of these have happened . ”
Lease expired 2012
Chief Felix added : “ Now , we have come together to say that we can not allow Shell to use us again . It has not done anything for us . Nothing on health , nothing on education , we do not have water , no electricity , our people are not employed . In their camp here , all they have is a houseboat and temporary structures so that any day they are tired , they will pack and go and there will be nothing left of them . Their lease has expired they should go , let another company come for us to start all over again .
“ Their oil licence with the Federal Government had expired since 2012 and they are struggling to come back , but we are saying today that we do not want them again . Why we have not shut them down is that the economy of the nation is bad . It will take its effect on the nation and the state if we do , ” he told NDV .
Hostile relationship
One of the Kula elders , Mr. Walter Oputuboye , complained that women easily die during child birth in the community because they had to travel over three hours on speed boat to upland towns for good health facilities . Oputuboye stated : “ Our relationship with Shell is too bad to the point that there is nothing the host communities can show forth , other than poverty , pain and untimely death . Our women die often while giving birth because there is not even the commonest medical facility in place , yet Shell has been operating here for more than 37 years .
“ As a people , we have come to the realization that Shell operation in the OML owned by Oko royal house of Kula is disastrous for the people . There is nothing to show for the 37 years they have been here . Our environment has been so damaged that it has gotten to the point where our aquatic life is beginning to be affected . We can no longer fish in our sea because of oil spills . ”
Quit notice
Community Development Committee , CDC chairman , Ofuyama community , Mr. Jonah Joshua , lamented : “ We have written a series of letters to Shell asking them to take our youths for training , but they refused . If you come to Ofuyama , you will not find any tangible project done by Shell . If you go to Shell and ask them to produce a son of Belema or Ofuayama working in the company , they can not . We are saying that they should not come back to renew their pipeline any longer . We are not interested again because they are not doing us any good .
“ Two months ago , we had a meeting with them and we told them that if they do not enter into a GMoU with us and do not supply diesel to give us electricity , they should not come to our community again . We are not going to host any Shell facility again . ”
Monarch threatens $ 250m lawsuit
Amanyanabo of Ingeje , His Royal Highness , King ( Barr ) Godson Alabo , Egbelekro Opueze VI , who spoke to NDV on the vexed matter , asserted that the kingdom had concluded plans to press the $ 250 million suit against SPDC . “ The eviction is a process by law , there is $ 250 million suit we are about to institute against Shell on the damage , gas flaring , sickness they have caused to our people and vegetation and the aquatic lives that they have destroyed . We got a hint that they are about to leave , so this time will be the best to take a legal step against them .
The monarch said : “ We can not continue to allow them to operate the OML again because it is about 37 years since they started exploration activities in that community and when you go there , there is nothing to show that there is the presence of a multinational oil company like Shell there . No infrastructural development and no manpower development the place is just in squalor . ”
SPDC faults allegations
SPDC spokesmen in Port Harcourt , Mr. Joseph Obari , disagreed that the company neglected the Kula communities , saying that it had continued to discharge its corporate social responsibilities to communities in the area . “ The company has implemented a Global Memorandum of Understanding ( GMoU ) in the area that led to a wide variety of social investment projects , including university scholarship awards in the communities , ” he asserted .
Obari said that the Rivers Government , after mediating in a disagreement in the community , created the Kula Project Implementation and Monitoring Committee ( PIMC ) in 2012 . He explained that the PIMC served as an interim platform for the delivery of social investment initiatives and programmes worth N262 million in a Soku-San Berth project . According to him , these projects are separate from the GMoU projects initiated by communities using funds provided by the SPDCJV .
Litigation , disagreement affecting devt projects
“ However , a GMoU was eventually signed in 2014 for the Kula Cluster , but has yet to be implemented due to continuing intra-community disagreements . As at 2015 , there were a total of 11 court cases involving different groups with SPDC as a co-defendant in all of them . Sadly , these suits and disputes have rendered it impossible to implement more development projects planned for the affected communities . SPDC has continued to implement its social investment programmes in the communities despite divesting its equity in OML 24 in Kula and Belema communities , ” he said .
Obari said that the company had already spent N352 million on schools , sanitation , electricity , walkways and health outreach programmes in the communities .
Arrest Warrant , Recovery of Asset Treaties at advanced stage of deliberations – Caricom SG
The Caribbean Community ( Caricom ) is looking at a number of legal instruments formulated to enhance cooperation between member states in the fight against crime .
Secretary-General ( SG ) of the Community , Ambassador Irwin LaRocque , during a Press Conference at the Caricom Secretariat at Turkeyen , Greater Georgetown yesterday , disclosed that some of these instruments are in advance stages whilst others are not .
Ambassador LaRocque continued that Heads of Government would have discussed these instruments at length resulting in two particular instruments being awarded priority attention and action . These instruments are the Arrest Warrant Treaty and the Recovery of Assets Treaty .
The SG was at the time , briefing local and regional media operatives on some of the matters that are expected to be addressed at the 28th Intercessional Meeting of the Conference of Heads of Government of Caricom slated to be held in Guyana on February 16 and 17 .
During a recent Post-Cabinet Press Briefing in Georgetown , Minister Joseph Harmon had stated – with regard to the Arrest Warrant Treaty – that the adoption of this legislation will simplify the procedures by which fugitives from justice are returned to participating member states to face criminal prosecution or serve judicial sentences .
The Treaty is one of the regional security instruments that was formulated to enhance cooperation between member states in the fight against crime and to reduce the complexity , cost and delays in the existing extradition arrangements inherent in the Region .
The Recovery of Assets Treaty is a legal instrument that will allow Member states to retrieve assets stashed aboard which were obtained by ill-gotten means .
This instrument was birthed from the Crime and Security Strategy that was adopted at Caricom 's 24th Intercessional Meeting held in Haiti in October 2013 . During this meeting , it was pointed out that the utilisation of asset recovery as a tool , will aid tremendously in the fight against organised crime .
Quizzed on how advanced this instrument was at the level of Caricom , the Secretary-General responded : “ Negotiations for that are very well advanced . It has received the attention of the Council for Crime and Security and latterly , by the Legal Affairs Committee which is comprised of ( the Region 's ) Attorneys General .
At this time , we are not at the position to say that we are going to adopt this instrument at this sitting but we are very well advanced in getting this done . Our hope was to already get this done but I have to admit that these legal instruments require careful examinations and that 's where we are . But it is very well advanced , ”
The Arrest Warrant Treaty is also being negotiated and is currently in an advanced stage of deliberation , Ambassador LaRocque noted .
Quizzed on whether these instruments will be signed during the confab this week , the SG said ; “ What normally happens is that once it gets the clearance of the Legal Affairs Committee , then recommendation is made to the conference of Heads of Government that it is ready for adoption and that 's where the signature takes place . We are not quite there as yet . ”
Munster 's regenerative season since that tragic October weekend in Paris travels full circle as they return to Stade Yves-du-Manoir this Saturday .
The rescheduled Champions Cup fixture means Rassie Erasmus 's side must play three European matches , two against Racing 92 and the other in Glasgow , over successive weekends but they enter this crucial period with a remarkable nine wins from 10 games .
The most recent win was a somewhat fortuitous 16-9 victory over Connacht at a sodden Sportsground on Saturday night . It came at a cost , however , as Tommy O'Donnell sustained an ankle injury .
“ It 's good where we are currently but we 're not stupid , we know what 's coming , ” said Erasmus . The 36-times capped Springbok flanker has proved time and again that he is anything but stupid .
The only blot on Munster 's copy these past three months was a late Owen Williams penalty that gave the Leicester Tigers an 18-16 victory at Welford Road . An understandable reversal considering the 38-0 thrashing handed out to the English club in Thomond Park the week before .
All three Irish provinces have been beaten , along with a historic win over the touring All Black Maoris , when O'Donnell was the captain in the absence of the Irish internationals . However , Erasmus is right in acknowledging the task ahead . Despite Racing 92 's terrible form in Europe , losing all three matches so far , they were largely crowned Top 14 champions last season due to their home supremacy .
And there is the Ronan O'Gara factor to consider .
“ You always bite yourself in the arse if you say something stupid here and now , but I just think we have a lot of potential , ” was the height of Erasmus 's praise at the end of a harrowing 2016 .
Young coach
“ I think while we are developing that potential as a group , as coaches we are young coaches . Felix Jones is a young coach ; he will make a lot of mistakes as he goes on , the same with Jerry Flannery , the same with myself and the same with the players . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Still , the Guinness Pro12 table does not lie . Munster are top with 42 points , and a nine-two win-loss ratio , at the midway point of the campaign .
“ For me , it 's about trying to maximise our potential as players , management and a coaching team , ” Erasmus continued . “ I think we 're doing it . I 'm not saying at all that we 're going to win the league or definitely be champions , but as long as we can do that week on week we 'll turn into a good unit . ”
Connacht , in stark contrast , have experienced a steep decline since Pat Lam announced on December 5th that he would be leaving to coach Bristol next season .
Beating Wasps in round four has kept their prospects of reaching the Champions Cup quarter-finals alive . They are level on 13 points with Wasps and Toulouse , but defeats to Ulster and now Munster leave them eighth in the Pro12 table , 12 points adrift of fourth-placed Ulster .
Error from the officials contributed on Saturday . When Munster scrumhalf Duncan Williams was yellow-carded in the dying seconds and Dave Kilcoyne came back from the sin-bin , Jack O'Donoghue also returned to the fray to deny Connacht a numerical advantage .
“ The fourth official got it wrong at the end , we were playing against 15 men when it was supposed to be 13 , ” said Lam . “ We will leave that to the referee 's report . ”
Lam also confirmed that discussions were taking place with the IRFU to bring in short-term injury replacements after listing 25 unavailable players last Friday .
“ It 's just a fact that over half the squad is out and the academy boys are on holidays .
Dust ourselves off
“ We 've got to dust ourselves off – it looks like we 've lost a couple more – and just keep going .
“ Hopefully , there 's some light at the end of the tunnel with some injuries soon . We have disruption this week and boys will be heading off to camp , so it is what it is . We 've got to make the most of what we have . ”
Ireland camp in Carton House , until Wednesday , denies every province a chunk of players but it also provides a reminder of how close it is to Ireland 's Six Nations opener in Murrayfield on February 4th .
“ I will have a look at the Ireland plays , try and get back into the groove of that , ” said Leinster flanker Josh van der Flier following their disjointed 22-7 victory over Ulster at the RDS on Saturday night .
“ Then you are back into Leinster and you push the Irish stuff to the back of your mind , as we are back in with Leinster for Zebre . So it will be a strange week alright but it has to be done. ” Exciting times .
“ Very exciting . It 's massive . Especially leading up to the two European games , everyone wants to be involved so it is going to be incredibly competitive in training , not only with our opposition but among the squad . Everyone will be fighting for places . ”
Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Don Blankenship speaks at a town hall meeting at West Virginia University on March 1 in Morgantown , West Virginia . Spencer Platt/Getty Images
WHEELING , West Virginia—At a primary debate here on Monday night , six Republicans vying to represent West Virginia in the U.S. Senate were asked if there is any issue where they disagree with President Donald Trump .
“ No , ” said Jack Newbrough , a trucker whose immediate reply was quickly matched by the next four candidates .
Rep. Evan Jenkins , the GOP establishment 's preferred candidate , mentioned , for neither the first nor the last time in the evening , that he had been a “ proud supporter ” of Trump from the beginning and would never join the chorus of those “ picking on him. ” Not to be outdone , the state 's attorney general , Patrick Morrisey , who has the backing of many conservative groups , described the pride he felt as an Electoral College member in 2016 when he cast his ballot for the president and made sure to mention a personal meeting with the president—no big deal—noting that “ this guy 's a prankster . ”
Only the sixth and final candidate—the quiet one with no tie , whose mere presence in the race strikes fear into the heart of Mitch McConnell—was left to disagree .
“ Actually , I disagree with the president on a lot of things , ” said Don Blankenship , the convicted coal baron , in a soft , drawling voice , “ but I love him to death—to think that we were very lucky to dodge the bullet of Hillary Clinton . ”
Now , Republicans are trying to dodge the bullet of Don Blankenship . Blankenship was in prison this time last year , nearing the end of a one-year sentence for misdemeanor conspiracy to violate mining safety standards . As CEO of Massey Energy , he presided over the 2010 Upper Big Branch explosion in which 29 coal miners lost their lives . He has argued that his prosecution was political , coming at the hands of both President Barack Obama 's federal government and then-Gov . Joe Manchin 's state government . Blankenship 's campaign is an opportunity for revenge against Manchin , who now holds the Senate seat , and his supposed martyrdom at the hands of Obama has helped make Blankenship a top contender . After blanketing the airwaves with ads—paid for out of his own pocket—polling in March showed him right in the thick of it alongside Morrisey and Jenkins .
The fear within the GOP establishment is that they could squander a prime pickup opportunity in a blood-red state—where Trump won with 68 percent of the vote— on a candidate fresh out of jail for mining safety violations that led to the deaths of 29 people . So , they 've sent in the cavalry . An independent-expenditures group called Mountain Families PAC—organized by the usual assortment of Washington and Northern Virginia GOP operatives—has been running ads against Blankenship . The attacks might be working , too : A poll released during Monday night 's debate showed Blankenship 's position faltering .
With two weeks to go until the May 8 primary , Democrats have countered by bolstering Blankenship . A Democratic-aligned group , Duty and Country PAC , has begun spending hundreds of thousands of dollars aimed at bringing down Morrisey and Jenkins—though they 've mostly focused on Jenkins . The Federal Election Commission–listed treasurer for the group is Booth Goodwin , who oversaw the prosecution of Blankenship during his tenure as U.S. attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia . In other words , the man who put Blankenship behind bars is now aiding his primary campaign . In a strategy that has never backfired spectacularly for the party , Democrats hope to usher Blankenship through the primary so that Manchin can waltz through the general election .
If the attacks are bothering Blankenship , he did n't show it on Monday night . As his competitors fake-smiled at each other , Blankenship barely shot anyone a glance . When it was n't his turn to speak , Blankenship would put on his reading glasses and take notes . He seemed oblivious , at times , that others were even with him , or that he was n't supposed to touch Donald Trump with even the mildest of critiques .
“ I do n't agree with his personal behavior at times , ” he said . “ I sometimes worry that we still have this tendency to police the world , which is very expensive for American taxpayers . I agree with Comey that his tie 's a little too long . I think he tweets too much . ”
Jenkins , for his part , is trying to use the Democratic attacks as a rallying cry , arguing that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer are trying to destroy him because they know he has the best chance to beat Manchin . It 's always a boring , establishment move to argue that primary voters should choose you because you 're the most electable , so Jenkins is trying to reframe the same basic idea into a tale of how national Democrats fear his nomination . ( Jenkins also reiterated several times what he saw as the stakes of the election , too , warning that Democrats would pursue impeachment should they retake control of Congress . )
Jenkins ' pitch is complicated by the presence of Morrisey , the state attorney general , who checks all the boxes for hard-right conservative voters , like endorsements from pro-life groups and “ all the gun groups , ” as well as a long-record of lawsuits filed against the Obama administration . He described how he 's “ working with the president ” to bring an end to “ these awful sanctuary cities. ” During a discussion on guns , which immediately became a competition about who loves guns the most— “ I 'm carrying , ” Newbrough said—Morrisey described how he had just partnered with the NRA at a local middle school to do a “ physical assessment ” of how to prevent mass shootings .
But rank-and-file Republicans have shown a willingness to reject anyone affiliated not just with the party establishment , but with electoral politics in general . Just as Roy Moore was the spoiler to Luther Strange and Mo Brooks in Alabama , and Donald Trump was the spoiler to Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz , there just has to be that wild card upending the plot who does n't say all of the right things but thrives on harvesting anti-establishment antipathy .
On the gun question , Blankenship quickly got it out of the way that he obviously would n't touch the Second Amendment . But then he made my favorite segue , in a night overflowing with self-aggrandizing segues .
“ It 's not just the Second Amendment that 's under assault , ” he said . “ The First Amendment 's under assault. ” I expected a digression about the free-speech culture of college campuses—and he would eventually get to that—but Blankenship first turned instead to his own experience . “ They put a gag order on me shortly after I was indicted , ” he said , positioning himself a free speech martyr , too .
When he returned to the Second Amendment , Blankenship made another remark that qualifies as surprising in a West Virginia GOP primary .
“ Guns are a problem in this country , because there 's a lot of ‘ em , ” he said . “ But I think … that if we ban guns at this point , given as many as there are , that only the criminals will have guns , and I do n't want to go there . ”
I 'm not sure I 'd heard a Republican politician so straightforwardly concede that the country 's gun supply is the cause of its unique gun violence , even if he did n't arrive at a very radical solution . It was far more notable than the other candidates ' canned responses , whether Morrisey 's tale of casing out a middle school with the NRA or Jenkins describing how , when the House Republican conference reads aloud the Constitution on the floor at the beginning of each Congress , he gets to read the Second Amendment .
Blankenship had another moment like this , too , when the candidates were asked about whether they would cut federal entitlements in a poor state that relies so heavily on them . Jenkins , in one of his bits , addressed West Virginians and pledged never to privatize Social Security or to cut Medicare . ( He did n't mention Medicaid , for good reason . ) Morrisey likewise said he would n't touch those programs for current recipients and would only go after the waste and fraud within Medicaid .
When it was Blankenship 's turn , he looked up from his notes .
“ At some point we 're going to have to be a little bit older when we get Social Security , ” he said . The entitlement programs need to be addressed , he said , “ if you call them that . I do n't think they 're really entitled to them. ” And then the conversation moved on .
If Blankenship is playing the role of a Roy Moore or a Donald Trump , it 's an understated performance . His personality is nothing like theirs—where Trump and Moore seemed to breathe publicity , Blankenship eschews the spotlight . During the debate , Blankenship seemed like he 'd rather be locked in a basement hideaway , alone , double-checking the math on a corporate accounting filing . If Blankenship wants his revenge against Joe Manchin , he 'll need to give people a reason to watch .
Farmer markets offer great opportunities for farmers and other small businesses to connect with customers and make sales . But it 's not as easy as just reserving a booth and setting some products out on a table . Here are 25 tips to help you succeed when selling at farmers markets .
Selling at Farmers Markets
Visit Markets Beforehand
One of the biggest factors in your farmers market success is the actual market . You need to find one that fits with what you want to accomplish . And the best way to make that determination is to go and see for yourself .
Leigh Adcock , executive director of the Women , Food and Agriculture Network said in an interview with Hobby Farms , “ Every market has its own culture and vibe . Some markets cater to busy shoppers who want to quickly buy their week 's vegetables while others create a more social setting with music and kids activities . Talk to other growers and folks buying at the market to get a sense of what the market is like . ”
Learn the Rules
Every market has its own set of rules . So you also need to check with organizers to see what types of items , tables and selling methods are allowed before you get started .
Start Small
It can also be a good idea to choose a small market without a huge vendor fee or one that requires you to invest in a lot of equipment for your first market . This allows you to learn the process and make some mistakes before they 'll really have a negative impact on your business .
Find a Unique Niche
Every farmers market has tons of people selling tomatoes and lettuce . So what makes your products unique ? You can niche your products by offering a unique variety or a certain type of produce . Or you could even package your products into kits or bundles to make your booth different .
Differentiate Your Products
Your actual products should also be unique in some way . Maybe they 're the most fresh tomatoes or the largest watermelons . But make sure that differentiation is clear to those walking by your booth .
Do a Dry Run
Before you head out to the actual market , set up your booth at home to make sure everything fits and see if there are any areas where you might be able to improve .
Keep Detailed Checklists
Then , make a checklist that includes everything you need to bring , from the actual products to the things you need to set up your booth and display your items .
Remember the Essentials
In addition , do n't forget things like water and snacks for yourself and your team . You 're going to be working hard all day , so you do n't want to be hungry and uncomfortable .
Display the Best Looking Foods
When setting up your booth , the foods on display can make a huge difference . Do n't set out a bunch of brown apples or wilted spinach . Choose your best products and display those front and center .
Stack Your Items High
The way you arrange your items can also make a big difference in how people perceive them .
Urban Farmer Curtis Stone shares the philosophy “ Pile it high , watch it fly. ” As he explains , creating the illusion of abundance can make your products seem more appealing to passersby . So stack your products rather than laying them out on the table . Or you can even hang things from the top of your booth or utilize other unique display tactics just so shoppers can see a lot of your products all at once .
Decorate Your Table
But simply putting out items is n't enough . Add some decor like table cloths , trays and photos to add some visual interest to your booth .
Present Yourself Well
You 're also a big part of how shoppers perceive your booth . So do n't show up with messy hair and dirty jeans . Be comfortable but clean and professional so people feel good buying food items from you .
Stand Up
Stone also suggests that standing rather than sitting at your booth can make a big difference . This puts you at eye level with your customers and lets you interact with them more naturally .
Make Eye-Catching Signage
You can also add some signage to your booth to grab shoppers ' attention and let them know exactly what they can expect from your products .
Hire a Designer
But do n't just write a haphazard sign on a piece of cardboard . You want your signs to look professional and represent your business . So unless you 're really confident in your artistic skills , hire someone or ask a creative friend to help you put together some good looking signage .
Clearly Label Prices
Customers do n't want to have to ask you for the price of every item at your booth . So put out signs with prices that are clearly marked and easy to read .
Be Friendly and Talkative
When people approach your booth , greet them in a friendly way and make sure they know you 're available to answer any questions . Do n't be pushy , but do engage them in conversation when the opportunity presents itself .
Create a Consistent System
You should also have a set system for things like taking money and packaging sold items . Make sure bags are easily accessible and everyone working at your booth knows the process for accepting payments . That way the experience is consistent for every customer .
Create an Operations Manual
John Suscovich of Farm Marketing Solutions suggests creating an operations manual that covers every step of the process , from packing your items for transportation to how you package them when customers buy . This allows you to keep all of your employees or helpers on the same page , making it easier for you and creating a more consistent experience for customers .
Keep the Line Moving
If people walking by your booth see a huge line , they might just pass by without stopping . So try your best to move through the line quickly without pushing customers away .
Create a Flow for Your Booth
Part of limiting huge lines at your booth is setting it up in a way that still allows people to shop while others are completing purchases . This all depends on the layout of the market , of course , but if you have room , create some signage to make it clear where people should stand while waiting to complete purchases .
Answer Questions While Selling
You also need to be able to multitask . Practice accepting payments while answering questions from other customers so you can keep the line moving even while others shop .
Create a FAQ Sign
It also might be helpful for you to create a FAQ sign if lots of customers ask you the same questions over and over again . This can make the process easier for them and save you time so you can complete sales .
Display Photos from Your Farm
Lots of people shopping at farmers markets like to actually connect with the farmers they buy items from . And one way to help people feel connected to your booth is to display some photos from your farm , showing where their purchases come from .
Share Recipes
You can also create unique displays or packaging for products that offer recipes and cool ideas for what people can make with your items .
Image copyright West Mercia Police Image caption Irvine Gareth Watt has been jailed for the rape , which happened in 1989
A man has been jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of historical rape .
Irvine Gareth Watt , 64 , of New Road , Wrockwardine Wood , Telford , was charged with the offence in May 1989 .
But , during the first trial at Shrewsbury Crown Court , a judge directed a jury to find him not guilty due of a lack of forensic evidence .
Using modern DNA techniques , police were able to gather new information which led to his conviction .
In February 2014 , West Mercia Police launched Operation Scenic , a review of undetected , historical rapes using advances in DNA techniques .
Watt 's case was included and the force applied to the Director of Public Prosecutions for consent to reinvestigate the offence , with a view to a re-trial .
Permission was granted in October 2016 , and Watt was re-arrested for the offence in April last year .
'Incredibly damaging effect '
The force then had to ask the Court of Appeal to quash his acquittal and order a retrial .
Watt was found guilty of one count of rape following a three-day trial at Stafford Crown Court .
Detective Inspector Mark Bellamy , of West Mercia Police said : `` This is a fantastic result and is the first time that we have prosecuted an offender using the double jeopardy legislation .
`` Sexual assaults can have an incredibly damaging effect on victims and I am hopeful that this sentence provides some form of closure after all these years . ''
Comic book heroes : Artists join forces to help shop owner 's family
Chris Kaminski works behind the counter of The Comic Depot in Saratoga Springs , where a special auction is taking place to help his late friend , Darren Carrara . ( Michael Hallisey / The Spot518 )
SARATOGA SPRINGS — The late Jack Kirby fathered several comic book heroes , with his name forever associated with the likes of Captain America , Hulk , Thor and many more .
With pen , paper and a prowess for storytelling that would later earn him the nickname , “ the William Blake of comics. ” From his desk , Kirby penned storylines that pitted his protagonists against impossible odds , saving the day often by being at the right place , and at the right time .
In Saratoga 's Comic Depot , Kirby 's characters are represented by all sorts , depicted by action figures , as statuettes , on posters , in film and , of course , in a monthly comic book . But , through a twist of compassion and imagination , local comic book artists have personified the heroic spirit Kirby instilled in his characters ; and , subsequently into his fans .
Tragedy struck the Comic Depot community last November when the store owner , Darren Carrara died unexpectedly from a heart attack at age 39 . He left behind a wife , his two children , and a throng of loyal customers and comic book fans from the store he ran for 13 years .
“ He was a phenomenal person. ” said Chris Kaminski , manager of Comic Depot , of Darren Carrara . “ He could make everyone feel important . He was somebody who , while you were talking to him , he was really listening . He was on point about being attentive to everybody . ”
“ I started working for this company , officially , I think it 's been three years , ” said Kaminski , explaining he 's helped the store to some capacity for several years before . “ Darren was my best friend , and that 's why I started working here. ” said Kaminski . “ It was to help alleviate some of his problems , and to manage the store with him . … It was great working for my best friend . ”
Kaminski helped organize a fundraiser to help the Carrara family . One that , naturally , involves comic book art . More than a dozen artists submitted artwork , from pencil sketches to paintings depicting Batman , Superman , Star Wars and more .
“ Being in this business , we 're friends with lots of the local [ artists ] . Darren just had this ability to become friends with everybody . People have donated tons of artwork , and there would be even more if we 're waiting this out even more . ”
There are 18 pieces of work , all showcased on a top shelf display in the store , and each are to be auctioned off with all proceeds donated to Carrara 's family . The bidding period ends on Saturday , Feb. 25 , at 5 p.m. That 's when Kaminski will close the door to the public , and a gathering of artists and fans will await the naming of each winning bid .
Artist Jeff Bonesteel said he was compelled to donate his Batman piece to the auction , recognizing that the moment was for him to be at the “ right place at the right time. ” When Kaminski asked Bonesteel if he wanted to donate towards the cause , he said , “ Hell , yeah . I want to donate . That would be awesome . ”
“ We used to hang out in here , even back when the store was in the mall , ” Bonesteel said , about Carrera . “ He was an awesome dude . … I do n't know . Still trying to get used to it . ”
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Comment on this Story
Michael Hallisey is Managing Editor of Spotlight Newspapers .
It was easy enough to understand Antonio Conte 's somewhat world weary reluctance to get into the circumstances of the mishap that ruled goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois out of Sunday 's defeat at Manchester United .
The fact that his injury appears to have been sustained while playing basketball as part of a club promo for the NBA seems a little comical but , as the Italian knows at this stage , commercial activities give rather more than they taketh away .
If the reports since Sunday are correct then Conte might actually have gotten off lightly for both of his goalkeepers were involved in the session which was intended to promote basketball in England as , it seems , part of a reciprocal deal under which the London club is helped to achieve a higher profile in the United States . The arrangement has been in place for several years .
The sense of urgency around Stamford Bridge about cracking America might have been heightened by the last round of financial results for Europe 's biggest clubs with Chelsea holding on to sixth place but losing ground to some of its leading rivals , most obviously Manchester United , who regained top spot after a year in which their commercial revenues soared .
More than half ( 53 per cent ) of United 's €689 million in income last year came through commercial activities compared to just 36 per cent at Chelsea where a much smaller capacity also limits matchday revenues and so leaves the club disproportionately dependent on money from broadcast rights which , of course , everyone gets .
The club is , after several false starts , addressing the matchday issue by building a bigger stadium while a radical overhaul of its biggest sponsorship deals has been in progress for a couple of years .
Thibaut Courtois missed the clash against Manchester United after injuring himself while filming a commercial . Photo : Mike Hewitt/Getty Images
Yokohama Tyres has taken over as shirt sponsors in a five year deal worth just over €47 million a year and another key element will be put in place during the summer when Nike replaces Adidas as the club 's kit manufacturer , doubling the value of the deal in the process from some €35 million per annum to twice that – a little more than €1 billion over the course of the 15 year deal . Although Chelsea has reportedly had to pay the German firm nearly €50 million to end their association early .
Even those deals fall short of United 's with the Old Trafford club taking in a reported €62.5 million each year from Chevrolet and €88 million from Adidas who , it is worth noting , pay significantly more again ( €125 million ) to Real Madrid each year .
Liverpool , Arsenal , Manchester City and Spurs also reap considerable benefits from similar deals with what might be considered blue chip firms with values , it seems , continuing to rise .
Where United leave everyone else behind is in the number of deals they do , with 27 firms listed as global partners ( there are mattress and pillow partners , noodle partners , wine partners and lubricant partners to name just a few ) .
There are so many , in fact , that the club now employs an army of ex-players as ambassadors – who can reportedly earn low to mid range six figure sums annually as long as they retain an ability to hold up a shirt and stay on message about both the club and the sponsoring company , because current players simply can not be required to do all the promotional appearances required .
Manchester United take in €62.5 million a year from their deal with Chevrolet . Photo : AMA/Corbis via Getty Images
Others clearly struggle by comparison and the growing reliance on the gambling industry for revenue suggests a reluctance by mainstream brands to be closely identified with any but the very biggest teams given the cost involved .
Half of the Premier League 's 20 clubs have the names of bookmakers or related businesses on their shirts this season with several of the firms involved seeing the association as a way of growing businesses not so much in the UK but as in areas of Asia , Africa or other parts of the world .
Those 10 deals have a combined value of around €40 million – a fraction of the estimated €265 million value of the 20 – and so clearly the motor or tyre manufacturers , insurance companies and airlines will reach deeper into their pockets when they want to . West Ham and Sunderland are some sort of exceptions , earning around €7 million each per season out of their gambling related deals .
As an industry , though , the betting companies look to be getting a real bargain with online betting on football in Britain alone said to be worth €450 million . The global figure , meanwhile , is put at anything up to €700 billion ; a significant portion of it relating to top flight English football .
SportPesa are an example of the Premier League appealing to remote markets with the three year-old Kenyan firm paying Hull City around €3.5 million per year to have their names on the club 's shirts , despite the fact that they have almost no presence at all in the English market . They also have regional deals with Southampton and Arsenal .
When Hull played Stoke on Saturday , both teams ' shirts were sponsored by betting firms . Photo : Carl Recine/Reuters
Back at home they are title sponsors of the Kenyan league and the company is reported to attract one million users a day plus another 300,000 who visit the site for the lottery it is licensed to run .
But the Kenyan press report that it enjoys huge spikes in business while English games are in progress and the firm , like so many others , benefits from the number of punters who bet impulsively on games in progress , a scenario in which having your name on screen tends to generate an immediate return .
On their website , there is much talk but little hard evidence of Sportpesa 's “ integrity ” , “ transparency ” and “ social responsibility ” although the company 's owners , a mix of Kenyan and Bulgarian businessmen many of whom had , it seems , previous experience of running failed lotteries in their respective countries , declined to discuss revenues when asked about them by the local media . We can only assume that the people running Premier League clubs would , as in all of their other instances , have done a proper due diligence before taking their money .
To be fair , every single Premier League outfit has commercial links to at least one betting firm , although the nature of those companies varies widely . William Hill , which continues to have a major high street presence in England , re-entered the club market last year by signing deals with Chelsea , Tottenham and Everton while Manchester United lists , amongst so many others , a firm called Donaco as its Official Casino Partner in , amongst so many other places , Myanmar .
It is open to debate whether a club having an association with a firm whose fixed odds machines in shops have been shown to impact disproportionately on Britain 's poorest areas or one overseas whose casinos contribute to altogether more dramatic social problems is worse . That both create employment would clearly be the counterargument made by those involved .
The same might be said of those clubs that still retain links with payday lenders but can anyone really believe that ? Betting is regarded as a leisure time activity with roughly half the British population participating and while the figure for England of 0.5 per cent of people identifying themselves as “ problem gamblers ” probably underestimates the problem , it is clear that most of those who put money on the outcome of games does so without serious issues .
Borrowing money at astronomical interest rates , on the other hand , is never fun , and Newcastle have received so much bad publicity over their deal with Wonga that both sides have made it clear it will not be renewed next summer .
Wolves , though , are still less than midway through their shirt sponsorship deal with The Money Shop , a firm that charges up to 729 per cent APR . That deal is reckoned to be worth just €460,000 a year , prompting the question asked by many of their own fans : Did they really have to do it ?
Sunderland , meanwhile , whose shirt sponsor is Filipino firm Dafabet ( they also sponsor Burnley , Celtic and Blackburn Rovers ) have ties to Satsuma Loans – a trading name of Provident Personal Credit which also operates in Ireland .
On the Sunderland website you can link to the club 's charitable foundation , which , like the one at Newcastle and many other clubs , clearly does hugely valuable work in the areas of education , health and personal development , much though not all of it with kids and young people .
You can check out Satsuma who , like SportPesa , talk a lot about how socially responsible they are before providing an example of their loans that carries an APR of 991 per cent ( borrowing €400 over six months and you would repay €746.40 ) and stating that their maximum rate is 1,575 per cent .
Obviously Sunderland need the money more than Chelsea or Manchester United and whatever they are getting clearly has n't been enough to save them this season . But really , can deals like these really have any part to play in a club “ connecting ” its community ?
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Read E-Editions : Subscribe today !
Click Here
or log in to your account :
Username or Email
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password ?
← Back to The Apopka Chief Newspaper
ARCHITECTURALLY designed homes are the flavour of the week with a number of them going under the hammer around the city this weekend .
There is everything from an ecologically sustainable home , a modern mansion , and a 1960s stunner which will hit the market for the first time in almost 50 years .
The cottage at 2/35 Victoria St , Kelvin Grove was built over a number of years by an environmental engineer and thoughtfully designed to make the most of the natural elements , according to Harcourts Solutions licensed real estate agent Bridget Gabites .
“ The owner collected the timber , and it 's all been designed to make sure it stays cool in summer and warm in the winter by keeping windows away from the western side , ” Ms Gabites said .
“ There are solar panels that almost provides all the electricity for the home and there is a water tank outside . ”
Ms Gabites said blocks in Kelvin Grove were traditionally small and the vendor had maximised the space available through the minimalist style of the house .
The unique property had been popular among potential buyers with 70 groups through at inspections .
“ Our average amount of buyers through is about 30 to 40 , ” Ms Gabites said .
“ Proof is in the pudding that buyers are looking for something very unique and special . ”
The home will go under the hammer on July 7 , at 10.30am .
Further north at Chermside West , a home is set to change hands for the first time in almost 50 years .
Ray White Chermside sales consultant Matt Morgan said the 35 Kanofski St property had been architecturally designed by the vendors son , who built and moved into the home in 1969 .
“ The most common word I 've heard is ‘ timeless ' , ” Mr Morgan said .
“ A lot of people who have come here have said the house is better than the photos . ”
The retro-chic home is back in style and has garnered the attention of buyers , many of whom want to preserve the property .
“ The majority have been looking to maintain the style and have come just for the architecture , while the others have come for the area , ” Mr Morgan said .
The home will go to auction on July 7 , midday .
Backing onto Teneriffe Park , the home at 42 Beeston St , Teneriffe sits on what is an almost unheard of 911sq m .
The slice of prime property will go to auction on Saturday and Ray White New Farm sales principal Matt Lancashire said a block of that size at an inner-city location was rare .
“ In New Farm and Teneriffe anything over 600sq m is considered inner city acreage , ” Mr Lancashire said .
“ There are only a limited amount of blocks in the area above 800sq m and this is one of them . ”
The Queenslander had an architecturally designed renovation and extension which was completed about a decade ago , so while the front of the home remains in traditional fashion , the rest of the residence is ultra-modern .
The five bedroom , four bedroom home had undercover lockup accommodation for five cars .
“ When you have older children and they start to get cars , you can fit all of their cars , plus your own cars undercover in the garage , ” Mr Lancashire said .
The home will go to auction on July 7 , at 11am .
* Update * police say 79-year-old Dale William Eagles has returned home safely .
LEE 'S SUMMIT , Mo . — Police in Lee 's Summit need help locating a missing man who has dementia .
They issued an Endangered Silver Advisory for 79-year-old Dale William Eagles early Thursday .
Police say Eagles was last seen in the area of Southwest Ward Road and 150-Highway around 6:23 p.m. Wednesday . Video at his home shows Eagles telling his dog that he was going to get something to eat . Eagle takes medications for dementia but does not have medication on him .
Eagles is approximately 5 feet 10 inches tall and weighs approximately 170 pounds . He has white hair , blue eyes and was wearing a blue shirt with a red , white and blue eagle on the front . He also had on blue jeans , white shoes and a red Chiefs hat .
He drives a 2011 silver Ford Taurus with Missouri plate FE7D1W .
If you see Eagles call 911 immediately or call Lee 's Summit police at ( 816 ) 969-7390 .
Almost nduja and toast are totally into each other . Ty Mecham
This post originally appeared in Genius Recipes on Food52 .
Nduja—pronounced en-DOO-ya—is a spicy , spreadable salami . It comes from the Calabria region of Italy , often shows up on olive oily bread , has become increasingly popular over the past decade-plus , and yet rarely appears in a non-Italian article or recipe sans explainer . Maybe next year . Or the year after that .
A little background : In 2009 , Julia Moskin at the New York Times described nduja as : “ the spicy underground taste that went mass market , making it the Lady Gaga of pork products. ” Somewhat ironically , this was right before Lady Gaga wore a meat dress to the VMAs . Of course , that was beef , not pork , and raw , not cured . Anyway , also in 2009 , in The Guardian , Tim Hayward declared nduja “ the single most exciting ingredient I 've come across in ages . ”
Seven years later , though , headlines like this still appear : “ What Is Nduja and Why Is It Suddenly on Every Menu ? ” Recently , I was wondering the same thing , or almost the same thing : Why is nduja suddenly in every publication ?
In just the past few years , there has been : nduja-smeared chicken wings from Saveur ; a very nduja Christmas from The Kitchn ; Calabrian carbonara from Food & Wine ; and nduja flatbreads from Bon Appétit . You know , just to name a few . And then there 's us !
Just one , teeny , tiny catch : Where do you find nduja ? While its popularity has increased its accessibility—if you 're near a well-stocked Italian grocery , you 're probably in luck—nduja is still missing from many , if not most , mainstream supermarkets . As Food52 contributor and nduja enthusiast EmilyC noted :
Italian nduja ca n't be imported to the U.S. unless it 's pasteurized , which means you 'll find imported nduja packed in jars , not casings . Artisan producers in the states have their own versions , each with a distinct blend of pork and chiles . An Italian market near me sells nduja from Iowa-based La Quercia ; instead of salami , it 's made from finely ground prosciutto and speck .
So , what 's an aspiring nduja fiend to do ? It 's simple : Just make your own . Well , almost . You could literally make your own nduja—break out the hog casings and curing salt—but we 're going for less , not more , work here . If nduja is a spicy , spreadable salami , why not just make salami spicy and spreadable ?
I call it Almost Nduja . Spread it on bread . Toss it with pasta . Tuck it into an omelet . Turn it into a vinaigrette . Become the nduja you want to see in your supermarket . Here are the components to get you there :
Soppressata
Soppressata is salami—spicy , like nduja , but instead of being spreadable , it 's dry and hard .
You can buy this in a log or sliced at a deli counter . If you go the former route , you can remove the casing , or not ; removing yields a slightly smoother end result . If you ca n't find soppressata , zero worries : Just replace with whatever salami you can get your hands on , then amp up the Calabrian chiles accordingly .
Crushed Calabrian Chiles
Different from Calabrian chile paste—another great ingredient that Giada De Laurentiis told us to keep stocked in our pantry at all times . ( Adds to grocery list . ) Here , we want oil-packed , finely minced Calabrian chiles , sort of like hoagie spread ( is my New Jersey showing ? ) . I found this jar at Whole Foods . If you can only find whole chiles , just mince 'em up ! And if you 're thinking , But Emma , I have to buy a whole jar , only to use a couple tablespoons , it 's less , how will you use the rest of the jar , and more , how will you not buy another jar ? Start with scrambled eggs or avocado toast .
Oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes
Disclaimer : These are not traditional to nduja . I add ( and love ) them in here for a few reasons . One , texture ; we 'll drain the tomatoes , but their plump oiliness brings lots of richness and silkiness . Two , flavor ; sun-dried tomatoes are rich in umami , a welcome boost for a meaty spread . And three , color ; these get us even closer to nduja 's classically crimson hue .
Extra-virgin Olive Oil
Nduja is super fatty—that 's how it 's so luscious and spreadable . Olive oil helps your food processor take this recipe from soppressata spread to nduja doppelgänger . If you happen to have some pork fat hanging around ( admiring you ! ) , you can use an equal amount of that .
Makes 1 heaping cup
1 cup finely diced soppressata ( 127 grams )
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil ( 42 grams )
2 tablespoons crushed/minced Calabrian chiles ( 36 grams )
2 tablespoons minced sun-dried tomatoes ( 36 grams )
See the full recipe on Food52 .
More from Food52
The Most Addictive Bread You 'll Ever Eat
We Tested Five Pie Crusts to Find the Easiest , Flakiest , and Best-Tasting
Riff on This Ready-in-20 Pasta All Week ( but First , Try It with Nduja )
A Spicy , Fall-to-Pieces Sausage and a Million Ways to Use It ( Brown Butter ! Eggs ! )
Guess the Star Ingredient in This Surprisingly Smoky Pasta alla Vodka
What Romans Are Really Eating Today
With all of the action in the stock market , it 's been tempting to focus solely on equities and to ignore the bond market altogether . However , recent action in bonds has been dramatic , to say the least . More to the point , those investors who have historically been able to rely on bonds for current income are now faced with a dual dilemma : where to find yield , and what to do with their bonds in a rising interest-rate environment .
Interest rates have risen significantly in recent weeks , with the 10-year treasury yield jumping about 100 basis points/1 percentage point , to 2.6 percent from 1.6 percent in just the past four weeks or so . Mortgage rates have also risen about the same amount , to 4.5 percent for the 30-year fixed from about 3.5 percent . The cause of this massive increase was the outflow of about $ 80 billion from bond funds and bond ETFs in the month of June . This is a massive exodus , and is actually larger in dollar terms than the selling we witnessed in October 2008 , just after Lehman Brothers failed when the financial markets were in turmoil .
Bond prices move inversely ( in the opposite direction ) as bond yields/interest rates , so the selling pressure responsible for driving rates up resulted in substantial losses in bond prices . These losses were most acute in bonds with longer maturities — the area of the bond market favored by those looking for current income , since yields tend to be higher , the longer the maturity . ( For a given move in interest rates , the longer the maturity , the larger the price change . )
Some investors looking for income bought alternative investments , including utilities , which explains why the utilities sector had advanced so far during the recent bull market ( about 22.5 percent from the November 2012 low for stocks ) . Unfortunately , the utilities sector also suffered almost twice the drop of the overall market , falling about 13 percent from the May 22 all-time high for the stock market , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 fell 7.5 percent during the same time period .
The average dividend yield for the utilities sector is about 4 percent per year , which is slightly better than the 3.5 percent available in the 10-year treasury , but which pales in comparison to the 13 percent fall recently . Depending on the price at which a given investor purchased utilities , he or she could be upside down very easily , given the recent volatility in the market and in the utilities sector .
So , what is an income investor to do ?
With the looming end to QE3 — the third round of quantitative easing , the Fed 's massive $ 85 billion per month bond-buying program designed to hold long-term interest rates artificially low — fixed-income investors , and particularly those dependent on the income generated from their portfolio for living expenses , face a formidable challenge : How to invest in a rising interest-rate environment without losing their shirt .
When the Fed decides to begin to taper off its bond buying , interest rates will certainly rise further . Clearly , even with the Fed 's relentless bond buying over the past nine months , bond prices have begun to fall because investors are selling bonds in anticipation of Fed tapering .
Rising rates pose a serious threat to portfolio values . Those holding long-term bonds are especially vulnerable in a rising-rate environment . While it is true that the investor can always hold bonds until maturity , no one likes to be in a situation in which their portfolio value has fallen dramatically . Falling bond prices put the investor in a situation where , should they need to sell for any reason , they will likely be forced to take losses .
To avoid this very real possibility , bond investors should consider shortening maturities , meaning selling bonds with longer maturities and replacing them with bonds that have shorter maturities of five years or less . Staggering or laddering the portfolio with maturities from one year to five years is a simple way to spread the risk of the portfolio among these various maturities , while also placing money so that each year some bonds will mature , allowing for reinvestment at ( hopefully ) higher interest rates , once rates have moved up significantly .
While current income will certainly be lower if the investor shortens maturities , this should be a somewhat temporary situation . After a one- to three-year time frame , rates should have increased enough so that maturities can begin to be lengthened , resulting in an increase in overall income from the portfolio . The short-term loss of some income should pay off handsomely through the avoidance of losses in the value of the long-term bonds held previously .
While it is not clear when exactly the Fed will begin to taper its bond-buying activities , we know they will do it eventually and in the near term . Indications from Fed members are that tapering will begin sometime before the end of 2013 and that all Fed bond-buying activity will cease by mid-2014 . It is inevitable that rates will rise significantly as a result , and that long-term bond prices will fall .
Bond investors will benefit from being proactive and making appropriate changes to maturities before rates have risen .
— Craig Allen , CFA , CFP , CIMA , is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt . He has been managing assets for foundations , corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA charter holder ) , a Certified Financial Planner ( CFP ) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst ( CIMA ) certification . He blogs at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or 805.898.1400 . Click here to read previous columns or follow him on Twitter : @ MPAMCraig . The opinions expressed are his own .
Saudi Arabia 's exports of diesel and gasoline soared to a record in January , underscoring a big advantage the world 's largest oil exporter has over other producers who 're more dependent on shipments of lower-value crude .
While the kingdom kept crude output below an OPEC-agreed cap , its shipments of diesel , gasoline and other fuels surged by 27 percent to a record 1.912 million barrels a day in January , according to data from the Joint Organisations Data Initiative in Riyadh . It means the country 's total oil shipments overseas exceeded those in October 2016 , the reference month for a deal with OPEC and other producers to curb pumping .
Cuts Offset Soaring products flows have taken total Saudi oil exports above their October 2016 level Sources : Bloomberg , JODI
As the biggest member in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries , Saudi Arabia is jointly spearheading a coalition of crude oil producers with Russia to clear a supply glut that was created as U.S. shale oil output soared .
By Example
Khalid al-Falih , the Saudi Arabia 's energy minister , has said his country is leading fellow OPEC members “ by example , ” routinely cutting crude production by more than it needs to under the 2016 agreement .
While that 's true -- it pumped 9.98 million barrels a day in January , remaining below a cap of 10.058 million -- traders do n't just care about what gets pumped from oil fields .
Saudi Arabia has significantly expanded refining capacity in recent years , giving it an option to sustain revenues during crude-supply cuts that is n't generally available to other OPEC nations , said Giovanni Staunovo , an analyst at UBS AG in Zurich .
The kingdom 's sales of gasoline jumped by 51 percent to 328,000 barrels a day amid sliding domestic demand , while outflows of diesel increased by 13 percent to 803,000 barrels a day . Both were at their highest levels in data going back to the start of 2002 . Exports of kerosenes were also a record .
Only four other OPEC countries -- Iran , Iraq , Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates -- pumped more crude on a daily basis in January than Saudi Arabia exported to buyers of its refined fuels .
Saudi Arabia 's exports of crude oil and refined fuels combined climbed to 9.082 million barrels a day in January , the highest since December 2016 , the month before the cuts were implemented . Crude shipments were the highest since March .
— With assistance by Javier Blas
Jethart Callant Nick Arnold led his cavalcade in fine weather into the surrounding countryside this week .
And with another rideout under his belt , to Southdean on Saturday , the 21-year-old says the support from townsfolk so far has been “ absolutely overwhelming ” .
Jedburgh Pipe Band plays Callant Nick Arnold and his cavalcade safe oot on Saturday morning .
“ Everywhere you go , everybody suddenly knows your name . It 's a strange feeling , but it 's absolutely amazing , ” he said . “ It 's great to see everybody , from older people to little children all getting into it .
“ The reception at the hospital , homes and schools has been amazing , and it 's some feeling to have all the kids in front of you so keen to sing . ”
A cavalcade of more than 60 horses followed Nick to Southdean on Saturday , and a short ceremony was led by the Rev Bruce McNicol at the ruins of Souden Kirk and a presentation was made by the community council . Riders enjoyed refreshments at Camptown from the town 's Royal British Legion and a rousing welcome back to town by the Jedforest Instrumental Band .
“ It was a really hot day , and a lot of people do n't want to take their horses out in that , so I 'm really appreciative of everyone that did , ” Nick added . “ It meant a lot to me . We 're getting down to the hard stuff now . I 'm nervous for Redeswire but looking forward to getting up to the stane and doing the battle cry . ”
Tonight 's rideout to Crailing and Nisbet leaves Back Bongate at 6pm and returns to the town at 10pm .
Saturday 's rideout to Redeswire leaves Back Bongate at 10am and arrive at Carter Bar for 12.30pm . This year 's address will be given by Roy Mack , an ex-Melrosian and former PE teacher . The cavalcade leaves Redesire at 1.20pm arriving at Dolhpinston Moor at 3.15pm , leaving again 4.30pm . There will be no races at Dolphinston this year due to lack of entries last year . The horses return to Market Place at 6pm .
10:00 a.m. Friday , June 1 , 2018
He was preceded in death by his wife Iris and his parents Adolph and Mary Porenta.Funeral services will be held atat Fox Funeral Home , 2800 Commercial Way , Rock Springs . A viewing will be one hour prior to the services at the funeral home .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A new £250,000 five-bed family home was cut in half and left as a two-bed bungalow - because neighbours complained about its height .
The detached home hit the headlines this week after council officials ruled that it broke planning legislation by inappropriately towering over homes in a neighbouring street .
The property was bought by a family of four before the council ordered the roof and top floor to be removed after developers lost a two-year legal row .
But if you were thinking of transforming your home , did you know you do n't always need planning permission for building work ?
Occasionally , projects will NOT need permission- these are typically referred to as ‘ permitted development ( PD ) rights ' .
Building projects that normally have PD rights include industrial premises and warehouses , some outdoor signs and advertisements , and demolition - but before you begin you must get approval to demolish from your Local Planning Authority .
Plans for 650 more homes off busy Nuneaton road
There are other projects that might not need planning permission - these are usually projects that will have no impact on your neighbours or the environment .
However , big home improvements , like loft conversions and extensions can often be carried out under your home 's PD rights , providing you stick to the rules governing width , height and materials .
( Image : PA )
PD rules are different depending on the type of house and ‘ designated land ' .
Flats and maisonettes do n't have PD rights and some have had theirs removed or partially removed - often the case in conservation areas .
If you 're home does n't have PD rights , you could need planning permission for the simplest improvements , such as building a garden shed , decking or paving your garden , replacing windows and external doors .
Until May 30 , 2019 , most houses can build a longer rear extension without planning permission than would normally be allowed under PD rules .
To find out more about the PD rules , watch our video .
The famed R & B and jazz singer performing at the Rock in Rio music festival in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on Septe
The famed R & B and jazz singer performing at the Rock in Rio music festival in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on Septe Image Credit : AP
NEW YORK : Al Jarreau , a versatile vocalist who sold millions of records and won a string of Grammys for his work in pop and R & B as well as his first love , jazz , died on Sunday in Los Angeles . He was 76 .
His death was announced by his manager , Joe Gordon , who said Jarreau had been hospitalised for exhaustion two weeks ago . On the advice of his doctors , he had cancelled his tour dates and retired from touring .
Jarreau did not begin a full-time musical career until he was nearly 30 , but within a few years he had begun attracting notice for a vocal style that was both instantly appealing and highly unusual .
Critics were particularly taken by his improvisational dexterity , in particular his virtuosic ability to produce an array of vocalisation ranging from delicious nonsense to clicks and growls to quasi-instrumental sounds .
Although he made his initial mark in the jazz world , Jarreau 's style , and his audience , crossed stylistic barriers . His music incorporated elements of pop , soul , gospel , Latin and other genres . It was a mark of his eclecticism that he won six Grammys across three different categories : jazz , pop and R & B . He was also among the performers on a Grammy-winning children 's album , ‘ In Harmony : A Sesame Street Record ' .
If Jarreau 's highly accessible , intensely personal style defied easy classification , that very accessibility — and , perhaps , the mere fact of his considerable commercial success — left some jazz purists sceptical .
Reviewing a concert by Jarreau at the Savoy in New York in 1981 , Stephen Holden of The New York Times encapsulated what many saw as both the pros and the cons of Jarreau 's singular style :
“ Al Jarreau may be the most technically gifted singer working in jazz-fusion today , ” Holden wrote . Of the evening 's performance , however , he continued : “ Mr . Jarreau 's concert lacked the emotional range of great jazz . He is such a prodigious talent that the absence of even the slightest blues inflections kept his music from cutting deeply . ”
But critics ' reservations never deterred Jarreau , who prided himself , as he told The Los Angeles Times in 1986 , on his “ jazz attitude , ” which he defined as “ the idea of being open to each and every moment as a chance to create something different ” .
“ I try to be receptive , ” he added , “ and to be listening , and to not be afraid to try something new . ”
Nightclub career
Alwin Lopez Jarreau was born in Milwaukee on March 12 , 1940 , into a musical family . His father , a minister , was a fine singer ; his mother played the piano in church . Young Al began singing at 4 , harmonising with his siblings . As a youth he sang in church , as well as with street-corner harmony groups and local jazz bands .
Jarreau earned a bachelor 's degree in psychology from Ripon College in Wisconsin in 1962 , and a master 's in vocational rehabilitation from the University of Iowa in 1964 . Afterward he moved to San Francisco , where he worked as a rehabilitation counsellor for people with disabilities .
But Jarreau found he could not resist the pull of jazz and before long was singing in local nightclubs . By the late ‘ 60s , he had quit his day job and embarked on a nightclub career , first on the West Coast and eventually in New York .
He reached a national audience with the album ‘ We Got By ' , released by Warner Bros. in 1975 to critical praise and commercial success .
Though advertised as his debut , it was actually his second album . A decade earlier , Jarreau had quietly recorded an album , later released on the Bainbridge label under the title ‘ 1965 ' . Though Jarreau took legal action , without success , to block its belated release in 1982 , it is esteemed by jazz connoisseurs today .
Appearances on “ Saturday Night Live ” and other television shows raised his profile , as did extensive touring . In 1981 he had his biggest hit with the song ‘ We 're in This Love Together ' , which reached No . 15 on the Billboard pop singles chart .
First Grammy
He won his first Grammy in 1978 , for best jazz vocal performance , for his album ‘ Look to the Rainbow ' . He won his last in 2007 , for best traditional R & B vocal performance ; the award was shared by Jarreau , George Benson and Jill Scott for their collaborative performance ‘ God Bless the Child ' .
In between , in 1982 , Jarreau earned a Grammy for best pop vocal performance by a male artist for the title track of his album ‘ Breakin ' Away ' . That year , he also received the Grammy for best jazz vocal performance by a male artist , for his version of Dave Brubeck 's ‘ Blue Rondo à la Turk ' , from the same album .
His other Grammys came in 1979 for the album ‘ All Fly Home ' ( in the jazz category ) and in 1993 for the album ‘ Heaven and Earth ' ( in R & B ) . A seventh Grammy came in 1981 for ‘ In Harmony : A Sesame Street Record ' , a compilation children 's album that featured a range of artists .
Among Jarreau 's best-known recordings was the theme song for the long-running television series “ Moonlighting , ” for which he wrote the lyrics to Lee Holdridge 's music .
He appeared on Broadway as a replacement in the role of the Teen Angel in the 1994 revival of ‘ Grease ' .
Jarreau 's first marriage , to Phyllis Hall , ended in divorce .
He is survived by his wife , the former Susan Player ; a son , Ryan ; two brothers , Marshall and Appie ; and a sister , Rose Marie Freeman .
Over 30 current and former Democratic lawmakers filed a new amicus brief Monday supporting Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Deputy Director Leandra English to be reinstated as acting director of the agency .
The brief , which included Sens . Sherrod Brown and Elizabeth Warren as well as former lawmakers like Barney Frank and Chris Dodd , argues that Congress intended for the CFPB to be an independent agency , a status that they say was threatened when President Trump named Mick Mulvaney , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , to also be the acting director of the CFPB .
Democrats had filed an earlier brief in support of English 's temporary restraining order request to halt Mulvaney 's appointment . A judge denied that order , validating Mulvaney as the current acting director , but a full ruling on the merits of English 's case is still pending . Arguments in the case are scheduled to be heard Dec. 22 .
“ The Dodd-Frank law is clear that Deputy Director English is the legal acting director , '' said Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-Ohio . Bloomberg News
English cites provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act as supporting her argument that the agency 's deputy director is the de facto director in the absence of a Senate-confirmed leader . But the White House has claimed the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998 gives Trump broad authority to name agency heads .
`` The President 's purported appointment of Mulvaney is unlawful , and Deputy Director English is the lawful acting director of the bureau , '' the amicus brief stated . `` Dodd-Frank 's mandatory and unqualified successor provision displaces the FVRA as the means by which a vacancy in the position of bureau director may be filled temporarily . ''
English was tapped on Nov. 24 to lead the agency by former CFPB Director Richard Cordray on his last day before resigning . On Nov. 29 , she sued both Trump and Mulvaney , seeking a preliminary injunction to be reinstated as the CFPB 's acting director .
The Democrats ' latest amicus brief stated that allowing Mulvaney to be acting director `` would plainly undermine the independence that was so critical to Congress 's plan in designing the bureau . ''
`` By using mandatory language to inscribe this order of succession in statute , Congress supplanted the [ Federal Vacancy Reform Act 's ] procedures for temporarily filling vacancies , '' the amicus brief stated . `` After all , as Congress recognized at the time , those procedures would permit the president to hand-pick an acting director without the check of Senate confirmation , allowing that acting director , no matter how close his ties to the president , to head the bureau for many months . ''
Frank and Dodd have already sharply criticized Mulvaney 's appointment at the helm of the agency .
Brown , the ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee , said the White House `` must follow the law . ''
“ The Dodd-Frank law is clear that Deputy Director English is the legal acting director , and she must be allowed to continue the agency 's work standing up for working families against financial abuse until a permanent director is confirmed by the Senate , ” Brown said in a press release . “ The White House must follow the law and nominate a permanent director swiftly who will fight for working people instead of the lenders that cheat them . ”
WARNER ROBINS , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – After serving in the military and living in Warner Robins since he was a teenager , Jim Taylor announced he 's running for City Council Post 1 , at large .
Taylor says he believes Warner Robins has a lot of potential , and he has what it takes to grow the city . This includes providing jobs , building relationships , and having a competitive mileage rate . Retired airman General Robert McMahon says he recognized the core values— integrity , service and excellence in Taylor and believes he can do the job .
Taylor says his connections is a plus when trying to move the city forward .
“ I have relationships with people not only in the city but in the county , the state and on the national level . I think by bringing all of that to the table , we can really step up things in Warner Robins and get Warner Robins where it needs to be of a city that 's quickly approaching 80,000 people , ” Taylor explains .
Taylor adds his first priority is to listen alot to what is being said and the direction where things are going . Councilman Chuck Shaheen currently holds the post 1 seat .
Early voting starts October 16th .
THURSDAY
LE HOT CLUB SWING
Playing music reminiscent of Django Reinhardt , this popular Bay Area “ Gypsy Jazz ” swing band returns to the Lagunitas Brewing Company , 1280 McDowell Blvd . 4:20 p.m. No cover . Lagunitas.com .
THE RENOVATORS
From Sonoma County , The Renovators play big bold rock and blues , blending cool original tunes with covers of some of the greatest songs every written . The Big Easy , 128 American Alley , 8 p.m. No cover . BigEasyPetaluma.com .
FRIDAY
SECOND STREET BAND AT BREWSTER 'S
Playing swampy blues , upbeat country and classic rock , The Second Street Band rolls into Brewster 's for an evening of toe-tapping musical fun . 229 Water St. 6-9 p.m. No cover . Brewstersbeergarden.com .
WONDERBREAD 5
The Bay Area 's premiere purveyors of pumped-up party anthems , the ever-delightful Wonderbread 5 return to the Mystic this weekend . 21 N. Petaluma Blvd . 9:30 p.m. MysticTheatre.com .
PHOENIX PRO WRESTLING TITLE MATCH
Big , burly boys with bulky brawn , battling other big , burly boys with bluster and bouncy bravado . Featured events include a cage match for the PPW title , with JR Kratos taking on Boyce LeGrande . The Phoenix Theater , 201 E. Washington St. 8 p.m. $ 2- $ 10 . ThePhoenixTheater.com .
SATURDAY
RHYTHM RANGERS
Get ready to dance , as Red Brick hosts this road-tested , blues-powered , dance-making squadron of first-class musicians playing rock-till-you-drop tunes you 'll be humming for days . Red Brick , 20 Second Street . 8 p.m. No cover . RedBrickRestaurants.com .
‘ LEANING INTO THE WIND ' SCREENING
Thomas Riedelsheimer 's immensely popular 2001 documentary “ Rivers and Tides , ” a lyrically filmed look at the work of environmental sculptor Andy Goldsworthy , finally gets a follow-up . In “ Leaning Into the Wind , ” Riedelsheimer shows us what the one-of-a-kind artist is up to now , as Goldsworthy and his artist daughter Holly create new works in Brazil , Spain , France , Scotland , New Hampshire and San Francisco . Mystic Theatre , 21 N. Petaluma Ave. 8 p.m. $ 8 . MysticTheater.com .
SUNDAY
THE GRAIN
Raised in Petaluma , the Grain have amassed a huge local following and are now spreading their metaphorical seed — and their superbly-orchestrated , guitar-driven American-rock — to a greateful wider audience . Thankfully , they still love to play at home . Lagunitas Brewing Company , 1280 N. McDowell Ave. 3 p.m. No cover.Lagunitas.com .
By Chris Onuoha
Rivers State government in conjunction with The Niger-Delta Peace Heroes Award organisation ( NDPHA ) will be hosting the 2018 edition of the NDPH award and summit scheduled to hold on Saturday April 21 , 2018 in the State 's capital Port Harcourt .
Presidential Hotels , PH , the event venue will be an assemblage of who 's who in the Niger Delta in an event created to recognise those who had fought for the relative peace and stability that is now enjoyed in the Delta region . There will be paper presentations , keynote speeches , Posthumous awards , cultural displays and other activities .
Notable personalities billed to receive the award that cut across all aspect of human endeavours include Chief Edwin Clark ; former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan ; Donald Duke ; Dame Patience Jonathan ; Chief Raymond Dokpesi ; Godswill Akpabio ; Liyel imoke ; Ayiri Imima ; Lulu Briggs ; Sen.Ben Bruce ; and Adams Oshomole .
Others are George Iwo ; Timi Frank ; John Momoh ; James Ibori ; Godwin Emeifele ; Florence Ita Giwa ; Jim Ovie ; Tony Elumelu ; Ateke Tom and others .
These individuals are chosen as recipients of the 2018 Niger Delta Peace Ambassador Awards as an affirmation of their efforts in bringing equality and for peace building .
There will also be posthumous award that recognises the work of the recipients in the struggle against abuse of human rights . Niger Delta Peace Hero Posthumous Award for 2018 –recipients are Major Isaac Jasper Adaka Boro ( September 10 , 1938 – May 9 , 1968 ) , fondly called “ Boro ” . He was a Nigerian nationalist , Ijaw , and soldier . He was one of the pioneers of minority rights activism in Nigeria. ” Ken ” Saro-Wiwa , Kenule Beeson Saro-Wiwa ( 10 October 1941 – 10 November 1995 ) was a Nigerian writer , television producer , environmental activist , and winner of the Right Livelihood Award and the Goldman Environmental Prize . Also to be recognised is Mr Gondon Obua former CSO to President Goodluck Jonathan .
According to the Convener , Ambassador Chris Odey , “ The 2018 edition of the Niger-Delta Peace Heroes Awards is to recognise those communities , institutions or individuals in Niger Delta region of Nigeria through whose efforts conflict was turned to peace . Niger Delta Peace Ambassador Award specifically acknowledges the role of awardees long-term transformation , inclusive social and economic development , peacefully resolving violent conflicts and building good governance on the Delta . ”
He also pointed out that some died for having the courage to challenge the Federal Government to duly give back to the communities where over 80 per cent of the nation 's wealth is generated from .
According to Odey , the event is expected to have the nine governors of the Niger Delta states in attendance adding that the full names of the nominees 2018 awards will be released to the public soon .
He said , “ We have seen our parents shed tears of sorrow when they could not farm nor fish again due to crude oil discovery , but at same time we have seen individuals we now call Heroes of Peace stood up and said enough is enough , our voices must be heard . We can not say Uhuru yet , but we also have reasons to be hopeful , because we have won court cases in our favour .
“ Niger Delta Peace Ambassador Awards is more than just a plaque and frame , it is a celebration of oneness , an honour worthy of the receivers , as it is expected to bring together sons and daughters of the Niger Delta , from Bayelsa to Akwa Ibom , Abia to Ondo and connecting Delta , Edo , Cross River , Imo and Rivers states , ” he explained .
He also stressed that its organisation will use the platform to showcase Nigerian cultural heritage to the world via live broadcast of the event . Governors of nine states , Royal fathers , freedom fighters ( militants ) , market women and students are expected to grace the event
Photo : Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor .
Related : G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘ Him & I '
That 's the theme of the pop star 's latest music video , “ Sorry . ”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision .
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee .
“ Sorry ” is the latest track from Halsey 's most recent full-length , Hopeless Fountain Kingdom .
Watch the video below :
This concluding part of the report focuses on the clamours for the creation of special courts for corruption trials and the credibility of the trials .
By Mike Ebonugwo & Bartholomew Madukwe
DELAYED trials : Sign of corruption fighting back — Quakers , SAN
Also speaking on the matter , a legal luminary , Norrison I. Quakers , SAN , had this to say : “ Overtime , in prosecuting the anti-corruption agenda of the Buhari led-administration , a cause for concern has always been the dreaded forces of corruption fighting back with media reports of mind-boggling revelations of criminal diversion of public funds even within the present administration despite several ongoing criminal trials of politically exposed persons , PEPs .
This led to the introduction of the ‘ Bill For An Act To Protect Persons Making Disclosures For Public Interest And Others From Reprisals ' , also known as ‘ Whistle-blowers Bill ' , the Witness Protection Programme Bill and the Bill on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Between Nigeria and other Foreign States .
“ Administration of Criminal Justice Act , ACJA , 2015 has made laudable provisions to curtail delays in criminal justice administration . Section 396 Administration of Criminal Justice Act , 2015 provides that upon arraignment , the trial of the defendant shall proceed from day-to-day until the conclusion of the trial .
“ Where day-to-day trial is impracticable , the Act provides that parties shall be entitled to only five adjournments each . Similarly , Section 306 of Administration of Criminal Justice Act , 2015 prohibits any stay of proceedings in criminal trials .
Creation of special courts
“ Whereas , there has been clamours for creation of special courts to combat corruption , there is need to have a cursory understudy of some underlining factors fanning the flames of corruption . Remarkably , a strikingly abysmal investigation by the prosecuting agencies provides a veritable avenue for defence attorneys in discharge of their responsibility to their clients by virtue of the Cab Bank Rule guiding legal practitioners and the Constitutional Presumption of Innocence of an accused to make a convincing argument in view of the onus of proof beyond reasonable doubt strapped to the prosecution like the hangman 's noose .
“ Of note , the duties and responsibilities of a lawyer to his client , are aptly captured in the words of the iconoclast- Lord Denning ( Master of the Rolls ) , C. A. England 195 viz :
“ The duty of counsel to his client in a civil case or in defending an accused person is to make every honest endeavour to succeed .
He must not knowingly mislead the court either on the facts or on the law , but short of that , he may put such matters in evidence or omit such others as in his discretion he thinks will be most to the advantage of his client .
So also , when it comes to his speech , he must put every fair argument which appears to him to help his client towards winning his case . The reason is because he is not the judge of credibility of witnesses or of validity of arguments .
He is only the advocate employed by the client to speak for him and present his case , and he must do it to the best of his ability , without making himself the judge of its honesty . Cicero makes the distinction that it is the duty of the judge to pursue the truth , but it is permitted of an advocate to urge what has only the semblance of it .
“ Of note , the workload of the judges handling criminal trials of politically exposed persons is an issue of concern . So , should n't there be an increase in the number of Judges ? Similarly , is n't there need to decongest our prisons to create room for these politically exposed persons ? Should the independence of the judiciary not be re-examined ? Is the compensation for whistle blowing considering the risk involved adequate ?
Section 396
“ Administration of Criminal Justice Act , 2015 provides that upon arraignment , the trial of the defendant shall proceed from day-to-day until the conclusion of the trial . Where day-to-day trial is impracticable , the Act provides that parties shall be entitled to only five adjournments each .
“ Succinctly , sincerity of purpose of all stakeholders in the administration of criminal justice is the panacea for the numerous challenges confronting the speedy prosecution of politically exposed persons in Nigeria today . ”
Credibility of the trials
But while acknowledging the anti-corruption stand of the Buhari administration , some observers are wont to disagree with the position that government spirited efforts to bring politically-exposed persons to book through the EFCC and the courts derive from noble and fair motive .
Since 2015 , the argument has gained ground in several quarters that the anti-corruption campaign was selective and skewed to punish only vulnerable members of the opposition deemed as having committed acts bordering on fraud and corruption while in public offices .
Indeed , it is said this impression has continued to cast a question mark on the credibility of the trials of the politically-exposed persons and raises issues about whether they are not being persecuted for political reasons .
Apart from that , there are also strong insinuations that politically exposed persons who are members of the ruling APC are treated as sacred cows instead of being prosecuted like others of the opposition parties .
Opposition parties
Some critics who share this view claim this was responsible for the increasing trend whereby many members of the opposition PDP have decamped to the ruling party ostensibly to seek protection from EFCC harassment and prosecution in court .
They readily cite the case of a certain former South-South state governor whose protracted trial for alledgedly looting the treasury of the state was speedily dispensed of as soon as he left the PDP to join the APC .
Although the EFCC filed fresh charges and brought 50 counts against him , the judge had freed him without pleas taken .
Elizabeth Korede , a legal expert , is one of those who share this sentiment . While acknowledging that corruption is a very difficult thing to fight , she also posited thus : “ The present administration is actually picking on specific people . If this government wants to fight corruption , it should ensure that whosoever is indicted goes through due process , not taking some matters serious and being unserious with some . “ Take for instance the appointment of the National Intelligence Agency , NIA , Director-General , Mr Ahmed Rufai Abubakar . This is somebody who has ben alleged to have committed fraud . Meanwhile , there are people whose cases were n't as serious but yet they were sacked ” .
It was on the basis of this that she advocates the position that : “ Those delayed cases , most of them involve individuals who are opposed to this administration . The Buhari government merely brought back their cases to make it look as if they are serious in fighting corruption ” .
Additional report by Wahab Abdulahi
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as `` the shape of things to come '' after snaffling him from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa .
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore 's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United .
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns , having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship .
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million .
poll loading Albion fans - are you happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone ? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yeah , buzzing Nah , not really
`` Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper he can possibly be - he 's hungry to do that with us at Albion , '' said Moore .
`` We 've had him targeted from the outset and we 're all delighted to have him on board .
`` He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come . ''
WHAT JOHNSTONE SAYS
`` I 'm happy to be here . I 've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things .
`` It 's good to get through the door . I 've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else .
`` Now it 's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here . ''
MORE ALBION NEWS
Besiktas have been offered the chance to sign West Bromwich Albion striker Salomon Rondon , according to reports in Turkey .
A Spor , via Sport Witness , say that Rondon has been offered to Besiktas by his agents and their manager Senol Gunes will now make a decision on a potential move .
Besiktas are in the market for attacking reinforcements as they are reportedly set to lose striker Alvaro Negredo and Vagner Love this summer and sold forward Cenk Tosun to Everton in January .
Rondon has a £16.5million release clause at The Hawthorns and several clubs are considering making a move .
Premier League sides Newcastle United and West Ham have been linked with the Venezuela international , who is understood to have as many as 10 clubs across the continent watching him closely .
Rondon , who joined Albion from Zenit Saint Petersburg for £12m in 2015 , scored 10 goals as the club were relegated from the Premier League last season .
His last strike came in the 2-2 home draw with Liverpool in April .
He has scored 28 goals overall for the Baggies in 120 games having scored eight in the 2016/17 season and 10 the campaign before that .
WOLVES MAN LINKED
Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season .
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves ' fierce rivals , who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley .
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs , Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department .
Batth , who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season , could find his game time restricted further in the Premier League .
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain his starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo 's men take on the top flight .
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said : `` I 'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it 's the old enemy .
`` He 's a popular figure within the club and let 's not forget he 's been the club captain for the last two promotions , so I 'm not sure he 's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight .
`` I 'm positive he is more than aware that he 'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being , I 'd say he 'll keep his head down and take any opportunity when it 's given . ''
SPONSOR TALK
( Image : Twitter @ WBA )
Albion 's kit release has been met with a generally positive reaction - but fans are n't happy about one element of it .
The Baggies revealed their new home strip for the forthcoming Championship campaign after signing a deal with manufacturers Puma earlier this summer .
The clear nod to the iconic wide stripes of the late 1970s , when Ron Atkinson 's Albion made waves at home and abroad , has gone down well .
But the sponsor - at least what it looks like on the shirt - has n't .
Here 's what fans have been saying after seeing the new strip for the first time .
Josh Roberts : Love the shirt . Hideous sponsor ruins it . Will probably buy in the Xmas sale !
Then and Now : Anyone knows if I can buy the new top without the sponsor on it ?
Kristian Grin : I 'd take an Asian gambling website sponsor over ‘ ideal boilers ‘ any day of the week .
Malc Maca : It 's capital I capital B , or Capital I small b surely ? In no way should it be small i and capital B ?
Grant Carrington : I like the new kit , retro . Can you buy it without the sponsor ?
The Baggies Bible : Unfortunate that when we are blessed with a decent kit , the sponsor s * * * s on us all with that filthy logo .
NikkiWBA : Why do our shirts get spoilt by sponsorship logos ?
Paul Gould : I like the new WBA kit but the big sponsor ruins it a little
LoweWBA : Hopefully they 'll release the shirt without the sponsor .
Microsoft Patches Shadow Brokers Exploits , Updates Privacy Controls
The hacking group Shadow Brokers last week revealed a large number of Windows vulnerabilities it claims to have stolen from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , but Microsoft said Friday that it has already patched most of them . The company has also rolled out new privacy settings through its recent Creators Update .
Nine exploits released by the Shadow Brokers have already been patched , while three others only affected users running older , unsupported versions of the Windows operating system , said principal security group manager Phillip Misner on Microsoft 's TechNet IT portal . Misner said anyone with those older versions should upgrade their systems to avoid the vulnerabilities .
Since emerging last summer , the Shadow Brokers organization has published five leaks of zero-days and other vulnerabilities it claims to have taken from the NSA . The exploits the group revealed Friday included Windows vulnerabilities as well as hacking tools apparently used by the NSA to monitor messages about financial transactions through the SWIFT telecommunications network for banking .
'Lost in Translation ' Leak
Described as the `` Lost in Translation '' leak , the Shadow Brokers ' latest release has been called the group 's most damaging dump to date by some news sources . The leak reportedly included `` mentions of previously disclosed NSA top secret programs and software , '' according to Motherboard . The leak also included a tool that appeared to be linked to the Stuxnet computer worm that caused extensive damage to Iran 's nuclear facilities in 2010 .
The SWIFT-focused hacking tools included in last week 's leak indicate `` the U.S. National Security Agency had accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system , allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks , '' Reuters reported on Friday . Misner noted on the TechNet site that Microsoft has already patched many of the Windows exploits revealed in the leak .
`` Of the three remaining exploits , 'EnglishmanDentist ' , 'EsteemAudit ' , and 'ExplodingCan ' , none reproduces on supported platforms , which means that customers running Windows 7 and more recent versions of Windows or Exchange 2010 and newer versions of Exchange are not at risk , '' Misner said . `` Customers still running prior versions of these products are encouraged to upgrade to a supported offering . ''
New Privacy , Security Options
Last Tuesday , Microsoft also began rolling out its latest big update for Windows 10 . Dubbed the `` Creators Update , '' the OS refresh introduced several new security and privacy controls .
A new privacy dashboard , for example , `` lets you see and manage your activity data across multiple Microsoft services , '' Yusuf Mehdi , Windows and Devices Group vice president , wrote in a blog post on March 29 . Activity covered in the dashboard includes search history , location data and browsing history for the Edge browser . Users also can specify what diagnostic and usage data is sent to Microsoft .
The Creators Update also added a new Windows Defender Security Center that gives enterprise users a centralized dashboard for controlling security preferences , as well as a Device Health Advisor .
The Creators Update accompanies a change in which Windows 10 Mobile devices Microsoft will continue to support , Windows and Devices Group software engineer Dona Sarkar noted in a blog post on Friday . They include the HP Elite x3 and the Microsoft Lumia 550 , 640 , 640XL , 650 , 950 , and 950XL , along with some other Alcatel , SoftBank , Vaio , MouseComputer , and Trinity devices .
`` Devices not on this list will not officially receive the Windows 10 Creators Update nor will they receive any future builds from our development branch that we release as part of the Windows Insider Program , '' Sarkar said . `` However , Windows Insiders who have devices not on this list can still keep these devices on the Windows 10 Creators Update at their own risk knowing that it 's unsupported . ''
Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid together represent our nation 's compassionate commitment to the elderly , the sick and the less fortunate . They must be reformed and modernized to ensure that every family can count on them now and in the future .
But before our nation can have an honest debate on how to fix them , we must separate the myths from the facts .
Myth : Making any changes to these programs will undermine our commitment to care for the elderly and those in need .
Fact : Reform is the best way to ensure that these programs survive for the long term . As currently structured , they will not be able to withstand rising medical costs and the huge influx of retirees who are living longer than ever . Failure to address this problem will guarantee that we ca n't uphold our responsibility to seniors and low-income Americans .
Myth : We must make deep cuts to the programs , resulting in drastically reduced benefits .
Fact : Leaders on this issue are not proposing actual spending cuts . But to sustain these programs , we must slow their explosive growth . It can be done through slight adjustments in payments , benefits , eligibility , administration , coverage options and program efficiencies with minimal effects on beneficiaries . And the sooner we act , the smaller the impacts will be .
Myth : We may have a problem , but there 's plenty of time to fix it .
Fact : All major entitlement programs are projected to be insolvent in 20 years . The trust fund for Social Security Disability Insurance will be exhausted in three years . The trust fund for Medicare Part A , which pays for hospital services , will go bankrupt in 13 years . Social Security will be unable to pay full benefits beginning in 2033 .
Myth : These programs pay for themselves and do n't contribute to the deficit .
Fact : Entitlement programs have almost never been self-funding . Medicare has had a cash shortfall every year except in 1966 and 1974 . Its annual shortfall in 2011 was $ 288 billion . Social Security had a cash flow deficit of $ 58 billion in 2012 . Money must be borrowed to make up these shortfalls , contributing to the deficit . Entitlement spending also squeezes our investment in national priorities such as defense , education , infrastructure , science and research .
Myth : We can solve the problem by raising taxes .
Fact : It would take almost $ 40 trillion to make the programs solvent for the next 75 years . Hiking taxes by $ 40 trillion would cripple our economy and stifle the growth we need to support our nation 's social safety net .
Click here to learn more about the entitlement crisis and how the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is leading an honest debate on reform .
— Tom Donohue is president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . The opinions expressed are his own .
It 's almost that time of year again , when the aisles of Clintons are rammed with people buying Valentine 's cards filled with wanky poems that go on for so long they require multiple pages .
Call us bitter , but we do n't want a card that 's going to sit in a memory box underneath our bed until you inevitably screw us over and we have to summon our friends round for a ritual burning .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Giphy
Neither do we want a To You Bear that you panic bought at the till and we feel too guilty to put in the charity shop bag . No , all we want this Valentine 's Day is the Spectrum Sweetheart makeup brush set and tbh we 're probably just gon na buy it ourselves so your role is kind of redundant .
Spectrum
Buy now Spectrum Sweetheart Five-Piece Brush Set , ASOS.com , £44.99
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The set comes with five vegan makeup brushes that have red handles and pink brush hairs ( our dream colour combo ) , plus an adorable heart-shaped bag that is metallic red on one side and metallic pink on the other .
Spectrum
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But our favourite thing about these brushes is their shorter handles , which means they fit perfectly in your makeup bag , without poking out the sides .
Spectrum
And there 's more , Spectrum has also released their 'Sweetheart brush ' which just melted our souls with its heart shaped brush head .
Spectrum
Buy now Spectrum Sweetheart Brush , ASOS.com , £14.99
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This has the same red and pink colour scheme as the brush set , but comes with a longer handle . The heart shape brush head is designed to apply highlighter , blush , or bronzer products at the same time/look really f * cking cute on your dressing table .
Spectrum
At least we know these makeup brushes will last longer than any Tinder relationship .
Follow Laura on Instagram .
Raiders quarterback Matt McGloin is taking a beating from the Denver Broncos defense in his first start of the season . McGloin was forced to exit Sunday 's game in the second quarter after taking a vicious hit from Broncos defensive lineman Jared Crick . Crick was flagged for roughing the passer on the play .
@ McGloinQB11 had neck muscles massaged on the sideline , to locker room early . Mechanism looked like left AC injury . # raiders pic.twitter.com/W1o4H04HjC — DocFlynn ( @ jessdeede ) January 1 , 2017
McGloin , who was 6-for-11 for 21 yards before exiting , is questionable to return . Rookie Connor Cook has taken over at quarterback .
WASHINGTON , DC -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - The Department of the Air Force , U.S. Air Force Europe , released on Friday , April 14 a solicitation for bed linens and related items .
Interested and capable contractors must be able to provide 1,500 Microfiber Hypo-allergenic Bed Linens , including :
Comforter : 86 '' x 66 ''
Pillow case : 32 '' x 25 ''
Flat sheet : 63 '' x 92 ''
Fitted sheet : 63 '' x 92 ''
Linens must be a gender-neutral color , ranging from neutral colors -- black , beige , gray , and tan -- to earth tones -- blue , brown , green , dark red . Pillow case , flat sheet , and fitted sheet must be same color .
The contractor who receives this contract also must provide
1,500 pillows ( measuring 32 '' x 25 '' )
1,000 white mattress pads ( measuring 39 '' x 76 '' x 12 '' )
The contractor who receives this award must deliver all items to the Ramstein Air Base in Ramstein-Miesenbach , Germany .
Responses are due by no later than 9 a.m. EST on May 1 . Responses must include the price for the items and for shipping/delivering the items , as well as approximate delivery date and time .
Send responses to Contract Specialist Christina G. Barratt at christina.barratt @ us.af.mil and to Contract Officer Brian Duquette at brian.duquette.5 @ us.af.mil .
The contractor who receives this contract must be registered with the System for Award Management ( SAM ) database and have as part of the Registration all current Representations and Certifications .
US Federal Contractor Registration , the world 's largest third-party government registration firm , completes the required Registrations on behalf of its clients . It also makes available information about opportunities like this , as well as training on how to locate , research , and respond to opportunities .
We also make available for our clients and for contracting officers our proprietary Advanced Federal Procurement Data Search ( AFPDS ) . Our Advanced Federal Procurement Data Search ( AFPDS ) gives you in one place instant bid notifications , bid proposal prospecting , and information about government procurement officers . We make this search tool available to clients , as part of our commitment to helping each and every USFCR client succeed and thrive as a government contractor .
For contracting officers , the AFPDS gives them in one place access to a database of available contractors and also a place to post information about opportunities . Contracting officers get free access to AFPDS . We also provide interested contracting officers a list of contractors who may be able to provide a service and/or product that they need .
US Federal Contractor Registration also helps small business owners become certified as a small business as well as submit the paperwork necessary to qualify for contracts set aside for specific types of small businesses .
For more information , to get started with a SAM registration , or to learn more about how US Federal Contractor Registration can help your business succeed , call 877-252-2700 , ext . 1 .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
11 years ago , Isaiah Alvarado 's mother brought him home from the hospital wrapped in Dallas Cowboys gear . Now , Isaiah 's Cowboys inspired raps have over 2 million views online .
He cried when Romo hurt his back earlier in the year , and every year when he signs up to play youth football , he refuses to play for any team other than the Cowboys . He told WFAA , “ Every year I 'm like ‘ Mom , I ca n't be on another team . I ca n't be on the Longhorns or Ducks . I want to be on the Cowboys . ' ”
His greatest Cowboys wish though , he wants Romo to hold the trophy . He has a life-size cutout of Romo on his wall , and at a game earlier in the year , Isaiah held a sign that read : “ Romo , You Can Have My Backbone. ” He joked , “ I wanted to give him my backbone , but I do n't know if that 's possible . ”
Via WFAA
Congratulations
D.A . Davidson & Company has named two financial advisers from the Wenatchee office to the firm 's honors clubs .
♦ Wade Gebers , senior vice president and financial advisor , Chairman 's Council
♦ Robert Johnson , senior vice president and financial advisor , President 's Club
New jobs , new faces
Homchick , Smith and Associations PLLC has promoted the following employees to senior : Carlie Andrade , Kinna Burnett , Taylor Gilbert and Vicki Clive .
Staying on top
Laura Jaecks and Marge Littrell were recently named certified mediators and have joined Wenatchee Valley…
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Scientists have revealed that believing in God has the same impact on the brain as lovemaking , ecstasy and music .
Those who feel the spirit of the almighty one are stimulated in a similar way to the more earthly desires , experts say .
Researchers used MRI scans to look into the brains of Mormons experiencing religious ecstasy .
University of Utah scientists , based in the USA , roped in 19 church-going teenagers to take part in an hour long `` exam '' .
There were four parts to the study - and the scientists recorded their reactions and studied the parts of the brain stimulated .
This included six minutes of rest , six minutes of a video detailing their church 's membership statistics and eight minutes of quotations by Mormon and world religious leaders .
The study also included eight minutes of reading familiar passages from the Book of Mormon , 12 minutes of church-produced video of family and Biblical scenes and another eight minutes of quotations .
The seven women and 12 men , all former missionaries , were shown videos related to their religion - including a clip detailing their church 's membership statistics - and were told to press a button when they 'felt the Spirit ' .
When they pushed the button , their brain responses were recorded using MRI scans and their heart and breathing rates was also recorded .
The scans revealed that when the teenagers felt connected to God , an area of their brain called the nucleus accumbens was activated .
The nucleus accumbens is known as the brain 's `` reward centre '' and it is also activated when people think about love , sex , drugs and gambling .
Bioengineer Dr Michael Ferguson , who led the study , said : `` When our study participants were instructed to think about a saviour , about being with their families for eternity , about their heavenly rewards , their brains and bodies physically responded . ''
Neuroradiologist Dr Jeff Anderson , who also led the study , said : `` We 're just beginning to understand how the brain participates in experiences that believers interpret as spiritual , divine or transcendent .
`` In the last few years , brain imaging technologies have matured in ways that are letting us approach questions that have been around for millennia . ''
The findings , part of the Religious Brain Project which aims to understand how the brain operates in people with deep spiritual and religious beliefs , were published on November 29 in the journal Social Neuroscience .
Frank Katch 's curiosity and energy has driven his career in exercise science .
His passion for exercise science did n't stop at teaching and doing research at the University of Massachusetts .
He frequently appeared on national network television , published more than 250 articles in scientific journals , in exercise physiology and sports nutrition , and consulted on fitness and conditioning with NFL , MLB and NBA teams .
A former college athlete , Katch 's personal love for exercise kept him moving , and that continued into his semi-retirement in Santa Barbara , whether he was playing golf , running , biking or taking walks on the beach .
When he hurt his left knee with an unfortunate misstep on the golf course , he faced the prospect of a life with limited activity and pain in everyday activities .
“ I ca n't even conceive of not moving without a full life of physical activity , ” he said . “ Activity was always a part my life . ”
After carefully exploring his options with guidance from orthopedic specialist Dr. Graham Hurvitz , Katch decided a surgical knee replacement was “ the best conclusion . ”
“ Either fix the knee or be miserable , ” he said .
If he did n't fix it , the injury would be compounded by other problems .
“ The leg below the knee started to bow out a little bit because I was walking funny , ” Katch recalled .
He went in to talk with Hurvitz about knee replacement surgery , armed with 25 questions .
“ My anxiety level was a 10 , ” Katch said . “ By the time he answered the third question with technical elegance , I was completely at ease .
“ After we spoke my anxiety level declined to zero ! ”
Katch had his knee replaced in March 2015 at the Cottage Center for Orthopedics located at Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital . Today , the 73-year-old is back walking the golf course with renewed purpose three to four times a week , among other activities .
Do you suffer from knee or hip pain ? Click here for a free online joint pain quiz from the Cottage Center for Orthopedics , and get your specific results in just minutes .
By Merry Post
Special to The Ellsworth American
New Englanders have had a love affair with doughnuts since at least the 17th century . Probably the Dutch should be credited with bringing the idea of fried sweet dough to America .
Doughnuts were a most democratic treat . They were fried aboard coastal ships , in logging camps , and in fine hotels . They appeared at picnics and at formal afternoon teas .
Myth-makers have invented colorful explanations for the doughnut 's shape . The most far-fetched story that I have read is that a young woman living along the Pony Express line cut holes in her donuts so that she could fling them to her favorite rider when he passed . My hat is off to anyone who can catch multiple donuts on fingers or the barrel of a gun while galloping by .
A sensible woman would have put the doughnuts in a sack and hung them from a fencepost to be grabbed .
A more local legend attributes the shape of doughnuts to the spokes of a ship 's wheel . Supposedly , a helmsman could stack doughnuts on the spokes in order to snack while steering . It 's true that the ring shape could help in multitasking . But the simplest explanation is the most logical : cutting a hole in the center eliminates doughy , undercooked middles .
My recipe for doughnuts comes from “ The Machias Cook Book , ” which was published in 1899 . This excellent community cookbook , compiled by Mrs. Willis H. Allen , has no explanatory preface but was probably a fundraising project for the Congregational Church . The title page states that it was “ presented to the Ladies ' Social Circle. ” Presumably this group was attached to what is now called the Church of Christ at Machias , because a frontispiece shows an image of that building .
“ The Machias Cook Book ” includes eight doughnut recipes , which is a testament to their continuing popularity . None of the recipes indicates how much flour to use . Half of the doughnut recipes do n't even mention flour and assume the reader will know how much to add and to figure out how much would make a dough of the right consistency .
Doughnuts are easy to make if you keep a few things in mind . Do not roll the dough out too thick : half an inch is the maximum . Recheck the temperature of the oil ! The temperature can jump 100 degrees in the time it takes to remove , drain , and sugar the first few and add more doughnuts to the pot .
Prepare as if for a surgical operation because things move fast . A silicone mitt , tongs or a long fork , and a thermometer are very useful . You will need a plate covered with paper towels . A pot lid to smother possible fire is a wise precaution ( do n't ask why I know this ) . I used an 8½-inch wide pot . If you use a wider pot , you will need more oil to reach a depth of 3 inches .
Maine Doughnuts
¾ cup sour milk ( pour 2 Tbsps . white vinegar in a measuring cup , fill to ¾-line with milk )
1 cup granulated sugar
1 tsp . baking soda
¼ tsp . salt
½ tsp . cinnamon
½ tsp . ginger or nutmeg
3½ cups all-purpose flour
3 Tbsps . melted sweet butter
1 egg , beaten
about 2¼ quarts vegetable oil
Cinnamon Sugar Topping
2 tsps . ground cinnamon
2 Tbsps . granulated sugar
Mix the milk with vinegar and let it stand for 30 minutes . Whisk the dry ingredients together in a large bowl . Mix the sour milk , melted butter , and beaten egg together and add all at once to the dry ingredients . Stir until a uniform dough forms . Refrigerate the dough for at least 30 minutes .
Place one-third of the dough on a floured board . Dust with flour if needed to make the dough firm enough to roll . Roll out the dough to a uniform ¼ inch to ½ inch thick . Cut out doughnuts with a floured cutter and put them on wax paper . Refrigerate the dough rings for a few minutes if they seem to be getting soft .
Pour 3 inches of fresh vegetable oil in a pot on the stovetop . Heat on medium low until the oil reaches 360 degrees F. Use a fork to gently lower three doughnuts into the hot oil . Turn the doughnuts with a long fork or tongs once the bottom side is medium golden brown . They will take about 1 minute for each side . When the second side is the same color , remove the doughnuts with tongs or a long fork and drain them quickly on paper towels . While they are still warm , dip the donuts , if you wish , in a bowl of cinnamon sugar . Fry all the doughnut holes together as well .
Yield : about 2 dozen doughnuts , depending on the diameter of your cutter .
Activists of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS ) have pulled down Gujarati signboards at some commercial establishments in the district .
The cadres of the Raj Thackeray-led party smashed and pulled down over 20 signboards on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway in the district 's Vasai area late on Sunday night , MNS Thane region president Avinash Jadhav said . “ Vasai and Thane district are in Maharashtra and not Gujarat , and we will not tolerate name boards in Gujarati anymore , ” Jadhav said .
He asserted that their agitation against such signboards would continue .
The Vasai police control room confirmed the incident , but said no offence had been registered so far .
The incident came a day after Raj Thackeray called for opposition unity and a “ Modi-mukt Bharat ” by 2019 .
Addressing party workers at a rally at Shivaji Park in central Mumbai on Saturday , where he sharply criticised the bullet train project , Thackeray said , “ The country is fed up with the false promises made by ( Prime Minister ) Narendra Modi and his government . ”
“ All opposition parties should come together to get rid of the BJP-led NDA government to ensure a “ Modi-mukt Bharat , ” he said , while reminding the audience of the BJP 's “ Congress-mukt Bharat ” slogan .
In July last year , some workers of the MNS had protested against a jewellery shop in Dadar and a hotel in the Mahim area of Mumbai , asking them to remove the signboards in Gujarati , the police had then said .
Following the protests , the two establishments removed the Gujarati signboards , they said .
While the owners of the establishment did not lodge any complaint against the MNS cadres , seven of them were then arrested for “ illegal gathering ” in Mahim , the police had said .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from his film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims leveled against the Oscar winner , a person with direct knowledge of the decision said Friday .
The person , who was not authorized to speak publicly , said an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday . The decision was made by The Weinstein Co. 's board of directors .
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment . Weinstein said Thursday that he was taking a leave of absence .
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein 's brother , Bob Weinstein , and David Glasser , the company 's chief operating officer and president .
The company will now conduct an internal investigation into Weinstein 's behavior . The New York Times article chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actress Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein 's former company , Miramax .
The Weinstein Co. board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company he helped create , said the person familiar with the board 's deliberations and decisions . Weinstein has resisted , hoping to weather the storm . Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious , the person said .
Weinstein on Thursday issued a lengthy statement that quoted Jay-Z and asked for “ a second chance. ” He and his lawyers , including Charles J . Harder , have also in statements and interviews criticized the New York York Times ' report , though neither has referenced anything specific .
The Weinstein Co. board of directors are composed largely of investors like Tudor Group founder Paul Tudor Jones and WPP Group executive Lance Maerov . Board member Dirk Ziff , a billionaire investor , resigned Thursday .
Messages to Ziff and current board members were not returned Friday .
The company will now conduct an internal investigation into Weinstein 's behavior . The New York Times article chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actress Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein 's former company , Miramax .
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday , Weinstein attorney Lisa Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he 'd been “ stupid. ” She saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman she “ looked cute without my glasses . ”
Congressional Democrats , including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren , on Friday began giving charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan .
Weinstein and his family have given more than $ 1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle , nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers , candidates and their allies , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
U.K. stocks edged lower Wednesday , as trade war worries persisted ahead of expected Chinese retaliatory tariffs on the U.S. and as the European Union looked at the possibility of an international deal to cut tariffs on auto imports .
But the pound gained modestly following a better-than-expected reading on U.K. services sector activity .
How markets are moving
The FTSE 100 index UKX , -0.20 % slipped 0.1 % to 7,586.16 , as the industrial and tech groups fell . But the telecom and consumer goods sectors rose . The London benchmark on Tuesday rose 0.6 % .
The pound GBPUSD , +0.1289 % rose to $ 1.3211 from $ 1.3193 late Tuesday in New York .
What 's driving markets
Trading volumes in the U.K. and across Europe SXXP , +0.06 % are expected to be lighter than usual because U.S. financial markets are closed for the Independence Day holiday . Also , traders are turning some focus to the monthly U.S. jobs report , due Friday .
Still , U.S. President Donald Trump 's campaign to correct what he considers unfair trade conditions with its trading partners continues to reverberate worldwide .
China is expected to begin imposing tariffs on $ 34 billion of U.S. goods on Friday , and the Trump administration 's tariffs on up to $ 50 billion in Chinese imports are due to take effect the same day . However , Beijing 's tariffs will kick in 12 hours sooner because of the time difference .
Meanwhile , European Union officials are weighing up the idea of talks with the big auto-making countries , to come up with a plurilateral deal to cut auto tariffs , the Financial Times reported Wednesday . Such a move could help stave off an all-out trade war . Trump has said the threat of global auto tariffs is his biggest weapon in extracting concessions from trading partners .
Do n't miss : How Trump 's European auto tariff proposal could backfire
At the same time , China is pushing for the European Union to join forces against Trump 's trade policies at summit next weekend in Beijing , according to a Reuters report .
Read : Trade-war fears ? These lower-risk stocks are weathering the market storms
Economic data
U.K. services sector activity reached an eight-month high in June , the latest purchasing managers ' index published by IHS Markit/CIPS showed . The PMI came in at 55.1 , topping the 54.0 reading expected in a FactSet survey of economists .
Successful product launches , marketing drives and improving economic conditions contributed to a rise in new work for services providers , according to the IHS Markit/CIPS survey . But Brexit was cited as a source of uncertainty holding back business investment , largely among large corporations .
The forecast-beating services activity follows a strong PMI rise in May , and adds to the list of upside surprises in U.K. manufacturing and construction PMIs , said Morgan Stanley . The data could play into the Bank of England 's thinking on the path of interest rates , as analysts see a gradual shift toward a rate increase .
“ These PMIs — the last before the [ Monetary Policy Committee ] finalize their Aug. 2 decision are consistent with a robust 2Q rebound , and keep our call for an August hike on track , we think , ” wrote Jacob Nell , chief U.K. economist at Morgan Stanley , in a note .
What strategists are saying
“ Risk appetite remains skittish , as witnessed by last night 's turn lower in U.S. markets as investors began fretting again about weakness in China 's economy . This is the big worry , far more so even than trade wars , with memories of the 2015/2016 sell-off still fresh in everyone 's mind , ” wrote IG 's chief market analyst Chris Beauchamp .
The “ services PMI data has lifted the hopes that the Bank of England would raise rates sooner than later , ” said Naeem Aslam , chief market analyst at Think Markets , in a note . “ This has helped the British pound against the dollar , and we are seeing more encouraging signs from investors , which tells us that the current momentum has a potential to continue its trend . ”
Stock movers
Anglo American PLC shares AAL , +2.60 % climbed 3.7 % as Volcan Investments Ltd. , run by Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal , is considering a plan to acquire control of Anglo American 's business in South Africa , according to a LiveMint report . The plan could consist of merging the South African unit with miner Vedanta Resources PLC , whose parent company is Volcan .
J Sainsbury PLC shares SBRY , +2.86 % picked up 1.4 % after Britain 's second-largest grocer said it 's agreed to a financing package of £3.50 billion ( $ 4.61 billion ) for its proposed merger with Asda . Like-for-like sales in the first-quarter rose 0.2 % , but that was slower than the 0.9 % rate logged in the fourth quarter .
Tech stocks were down , with software maker Micro Focus International PLC MCRO , +1.25 % off 1.8 % , and accountancy-software specialist Sage Group PLC SGE , -0.42 % lower by 1.1 % .
Ryanair Holdings PLC RYA , +0.61 % was up 0.8 % , holding to higher ground as the European Commission said it 's opened an investigation into whether regional and local authorities in France granted Ryanair an “ undue economic advantage ” with marketing agreements with the Montpellier airport .
MEXICO CITY — The body of a journalist was found Friday in the central Mexican state of San Luis Potosi one day after armed men wearing uniforms abducted him from his home , authorities said .
Edgar Daniel Esqueda Castro , a freelance photographer , had reported threats and intimidation by detectives from the state prosecutor 's office in July . It was that same body the state human rights commission had asked to protect him .
State prosecutor 's office spokesman Ivan Ojeda said Esqueda 's body was found near a San Luis Potosi airport .
On Thursday , the prosecutor 's office denied that its detectives had taken Esqueda from his home , though it said the armed men had claimed to be from its force .
“ We have various lines of investigation in the case , ” Ojeda said Friday . “ We 're not ruling out anything . ”
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said that Esqueda covered crime and society news , contributing to local news sites Metropoli San Luis and Vox Populi .
The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders , a journalist advocacy group , said in a statement that Esqueda 's wife said that early Thursday morning the armed men identifying themselves as state prosecutor 's detectives “ grabbed Edgar by the neck and threw him to the ground while pointing a gun at me. ” He had been asleep when they broke into the home .
According to the federal government 's program that protects journalists and human rights workers , San Luis Potosi state 's human rights commission had notified it in late July that Esqueda had been threatened by detectives while photographing a crime scene .
“ He was approached by five detectives who threatened to take his camera and beat him up if he continued taking photographs , ” the state body wrote . “ They made him erase the material and ran him off . ”
One week later , Esqueda was again confronted by detectives while covering another event . They asked for and took pictures of his identification and suggested they would be watching him and his home . They said that maybe he was passing information to criminals through his work .
The federal protection program said in a statement that it had called Esqueda , who confirmed those accounts . He told the program that there had not been any more threats or confrontations , but that he had filed a criminal complaint .
The federal program said the state human rights office reported it had turned the case over to police from the state prosecutor 's office and that its commander had agreed on July 24 to take care of it . The state human rights commission did not return a call for comment Friday .
Following his abduction , the federal program offered protection to Esqueda 's wife . Esqueda had not enrolled in the federal protection program .
The federal program said that it lamented Esqueda 's death and called on authorities to immediately investigate and find those responsible .
At least nine journalists have now been killed this year in Mexico .
The most prominent was Javier Valdez , co-founder of the Riodoce magazine and author of many books about the intersection of drug trafficking and society , who was killed in May blocks from his office in Culiacan , Sinaloa .
After his murder President Enrique Pena Nieto promised more resources to protect journalists and called together the country 's governors to emphasize that more needed to be done .
On Friday in San Luis Potosi , about 100 people , mostly journalists , demonstrated in protest .
Leopoldo Pacheco , who has worked 25 years as a journalist , was among them and said the killing shows that the work toward prevention had failed , with no one punished for any crimes against journalists .
“ The profession today is really mad , but above all feels powerless and a deep sadness for what is happening to us , ” he said .
The hackers menacing bosses at Hbo have leaked episodes of Curb Your Enthusiasm 's comeback series .
Cyber-criminals broke into the entertainment company 's systems and earlier this month began releasing confidential information and unaired episodes of HBO series online .
The latest leak on Sunday featured several episodes of the hotly anticipated revival of Larry David 's comedy Curb Your Enthusiasm . The new series , the first since 2011 , is not due to debut on TV until October .
Last week the hackers issued a ransom demand requesting HBO bosses pay them millions of dollars in exchange for them not releasing any new material .
They had already leaked an unaired episode of Game of Thrones , as well as several of the show 's star 's personal phone numbers .
On Sunday HBO executives issued a statement to Variety magazine saying they would not give in to the hackers ' demands .
“ We are not in communication with the hacker and we 're not going to comment every time a new piece of information is released , ” they said . “ It has been widely reported that there was a cyber incident at HBO . The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention . That 's a game we 're not going to participate in . ”
The statement also said that the company 's priority was being transparent with their , “ employees , partners , and the creative talent ” over the incident .
Episodes of other HBO series including Ballers , Insecure , The Deuce and Barry have also been leaked .
Last Thursday the cyber-criminal released an email indicating that HBO bosses had initially offered US $ 250,000 not to go public with information obtained in the hack .
Sanjay Dutt was sentenced to a five year jail term in Yerwada jail and the Maharashtra Government released him 8 months prior to completing his term citing `` good conduct '' . The Bombay High Court has questioned the Maharashtra Government 's decision to release him early citing good conduct and the court has asked the Govt to justify its decision .
The Court raised questions if he was allowed to leave early only because he 's a VIP and why did they allow him to spend 100 days outside jail while he was sentenced . The Court also raised concerns in what parameters was Sanjay Dutt judged as a 'good conduct ' and has asked the Govt to provide all details .
`` Also , how did the authorities assess that Dutt 's conduct was good ? When did they get the time to make such assessment when he was out on parole half the time ? '' asked a judge at the Bombay High Court , according to the Press Trust of India .
If you are traveling through McCarran Airport during the Stanley Cup Playoffs , you may hear some familiar voices .
Four Vegas Golden Knights player , Jonathan Marchessault , Deryk Engelland , Marc-Andre Fleury , and Nate Schmidt are featured on the Voices of Vegas program to share a special message with travelers . Their messages will be aired about two times every hour while the team makes their playoff run .
The Voices of Vegas program was launched in 2016 to bring an `` audible reminder '' of the Las Vegas experience to travelers . The music playlist includes artists with ties to the Valley such as Celine Dion , Imagine Dragon , and Mr. Las Vegas , Wayne Newton .
In addition , the Voices of Vegas program featured other sports figures with Las Vegas ties including NASCAR 's Kyle Busch and Kurt Busch as well as Patrick McCaw from the Golden State Warriors .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
What :
Looking chic in the South Florida summer heat with Scarves & Swimsuit Covers by designer Carlos Marrero .
Why :
Have you ever seen that “ Sex and the City ” episode where Carrie Bradshaw makes fun of women who wear hair scrunchies ?
She basically tells her boyfriend that women in Manhattan do n't wear scrunchies because they 're too sophisticated . They get in a fight over it — even break up .
Her boyfriend thinks it 's nonsense , mainly because he 's just written a book featuring a female protagonist who , yes , wears a scrunchy . Carrie ribs him for it . He obviously ca n't take the criticism .
At the end of the episode , they agree to meet at a bar to work things out . As they stand there waiting for their drinks , a beautiful woman walks by and sure enough , her hair is tied back with a scrunchy .
They glare at one another as they overhear the woman explain she 's from Georgia and is only in NYC for a couple of days to go sight-seeing . There 's more to it than that , but you get the gist .
After that particular episode , I rummaged through my accessory drawer and trashed all of my cloth hair ties . Then , in dramatic fashion , I looked myself in the mirror and vowed to NEVER EVER wear a scrunchy again . After all , I was grooming myself to be one of those chic city women , who would leave their mark on Manhattan ( scrunchy-less ) .
And , I did .
I got married , moved to the city , dabbled in television , shopped , ate and socialized my way through the five boroughs without ever once wearing a scrunchy . I was so proud of myself — until my life started to unravel ( pun intended . )
My marriage fell apart , I got incredibly depressed and on a whim , decided to leave New York . In hindsight , it probably was n't the best decision , but I was good at running away ; I inherited that trait from my mother .
After moving back to South Florida , I did what most normal people do : clean , organize , grocery shop and go to the drugstore . That 's when I saw it , squished between the shower caps and fake eyelashes in Aisle 1 : a large pack of multi-colored scrunchies .
They seemed to be illuminated by a higher power , but I knew it was just the cheap overhead lighting playing tricks on me . I stood there , just staring at them , powerless . Who was I ? And why in God 's name would I judge myself or anyone else for that matter for wearing a scrunchy ? I felt ridiculous .
I threw the pack in my basket , paid and went home . The next day , the ever-so reliable scrunchy , once again , became part of my life and not only was I proud of it , I knew…
I was a changed woman .
The same thing happened to me a few years later , when I met designer Carlos Marrero , who does n't like it when you call him a designer . He prefers : “ Renaissance Man . ”
In 2015 , the Renaissance Man and I worked on “ Wrapped & Bagged , ” a blog featuring his new scarf and purse collection .
Although I had always loved a good scarf , I shied away from them because I thought they made me look old , outdated and , even worse , like a washed-up news reporter or old-time anchor . Think Connie Chung in the mid 90 's .
I 'm not gon na lie , I judged people who wore them , too . Yes , like that snotty Carrie Bradshaw character who , despite being an IT girl , did n't understand the true meaning of fashion : unadulterated self expression . Even if that meant wearing a scrunchy or a scarf .
Then , like a cool summer breeze , Carlos blew into my life .
The one-time fashion illustrator , who used to sketch images for magazines like Glamour , Cosmo and Vogue , showed me what real scarf fashion was all about .
His brilliant idea of taking his fabulous fashion sketches and transferring them onto quality scarves breathed new life into my accessory game . Move over , Hermes ! The best part — I did n't have to sell a kidney to buy one .
Everything he makes I adore : the minimal , colorful and outrageous . He 's all about energy , vibe and glamour . I have a drawer full of his creations ( a happy Buddha , beautiful boho flowers , a detailed Hamsa , intricate mosaics and more . ) I wear them everywhere and with just about anything .
Now , Carlos is expanding his line ; introducing a capsule collection of bathing suit cover-ups . He 's always had a penchant for sophisticated beauty and it 's easily conveyed in his new pieces .
Do n't miss Deco Drive tonight at 7:30 & 11:30pm , as we get the FIRST LOOK at Carlos ' new beach-to- cocktail clothing . Being “ Summer Chic ” has never been so easy and stylish thanks to the Marrero Collection and that 's why scarves , scrunchies and pool cover-up 's are one of my Favorite Things .
Where :
marrero-collection.myshopify.com
Be Social :
IG : @ camarrero
FB : @ marrerocollection
Twitter : @ camarrero
“ Not all Superheroes wear capes…some wear Scarves. ” — anonymous
Shot on location at the beautiful Loews Miami Beach Hotel , which has just undergone a magnificent $ 50 million transformation . The new St. Tropez-inspired oceanfront pool-scape includes private and adult-only cabanas . I ca n't wait to go back for some serious rest and relaxation . Check out its amazing amenities here : www.loewshotels.com/Miami-Beach .
IG : @ lowesmiami
FB : @ LowesMiamiBeach
Twitter : @ Loews_Hotels # MiamiBeach
reservations : 305-604-1601
Toll Free Reservations : 855-563-9744
Loews Miami Beach Hotel
1601 Collins Avenue
Miami Beach , Florida 33139
Special thanks to Linda Villafane
For more pictures visit www.ShireenSandoval.com .
James Woodley Photography
All scarves by Marrero Collection
off-the-shoulder black dress : @ covetiqueclothing , White top and palazzo pants : @ FilomenaFernandez Black one shoulder dress by Nibatti .
Sandals provided by Jamaica Sandal Co. www.jamaicasandalco.com
Hair & Make-up : Odett Hernandez
Digital Editor : Jessie Neft-Swinger
Editor : Matthew “ Ever-So Reliable ” Auerbach
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
By Emmanuel Okogba
Chelsea forward and Nigerian international Victor Moses has come under serious criticism from fans who believe he has not impressed for sometime now .
Moses who played a key role last season as Chelsea won the Premier League has been a shadow of himself managing just two goals and one assist this term .
Read Also : Three Eagles for FA Cup Q/Final showdown
With competition from Davide Zappacosta , a section expected Victor Moses to up his game to enable him pin down a place as one of the starters but his recent showing leaves a lot to be desired
See how some fans are reacting below…
DETROIT - Tom Izzo has dealt with devastating March losses in the past . But never one quite like this.There has been emotion tied up in all of his NCAA Tournament losses , and sometimes tears . But n ...
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '170 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833156 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833156 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- > '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '1761 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833156 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833156 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pokémon Go is set for a big , big update this week .
In news which will go down a storm with augmented reality app users , Pokémon Go is set to treat fans to 80 new Gold and Silver creatures .
Niantic announced the update this morning with an ambiguous `` later this week '' timeframe for release .
Gamers can also reportedly expect new trainer accessories , new berry types , and more .
Apparently , the app will be getting some improvements later this week , too , and there will be `` new gameplay mechanics for Trainers to master . ''
Trainers will also be able to collect new Pinap and Nanab berries .
Pinap berries reward twice as much candy upon capture if successful , while Nanab berries slow Pokémon movement .
Since the app took off last year , thousands of users are already noticing the positive effect it is having on their fitness levels - and even their mental health .
One player , who admitted to being a `` bit overweight '' , took to social media to admit that they are currently walking further than ever before without even realising .
They wrote : `` I could lie and say I set an outrageous goal for myself and somehow managed to meet it ; but really I was just trying to catch some Pokémon .
`` I could also lie and say I feel great ; but no , all I feel now is pain .
`` Did n't feel too bad while walking , but after sitting down to write this post , man is it catching up with me fast . ''
Another added : `` Oh . No wonder I 'm so sore . My health app says between today and yesterday I 've walked a total of 35,000 steps . Thanks PokemonGo . ''
Treasury teams around the globe have a daunting list of responsibilities , which include reducing risk , effectively managing liquidity , forecasting and meeting regulatory demands – tasks that are especially complicated for businesses that have grown through acquisition and continue to expand internationally , as most have .
With hundreds of bank accounts spread across multiple banks in different jurisdictions ; however , most treasury departments are unable to effectively meet rising demands . Because of the manual effort involved in most processes , they 're unable to achieve clear and timely visibility of all bank accounts or even access and move surplus balances .
The result is payment processes strewn with error , multi-bank arrangements ending in an array of bank connectivity products and a lack of accurate , timely reporting , which all leads to inefficiencies in the business .
Business is challenging enough , there 's simply no need to endure additional unnecessary complications . For broader , more accurate visibility , organisations can adopt best practice methodology and take an integrated approach to technology that will help them meet their business needs .
To start , here are tips for overcoming the top four payment challenges that treasurers face :
Disparate processes and excessive manual effort
The drive to improve internal processing controls and financial reporting across the enterprise is a continual one . Unfortunately , lax control measures and manual intervention creep in over time . The absence of efficient , rules-based technology and effective reporting has created an over-reliance on manual intervention in many parts of a treasurer 's operation .
Top tip :
Implement a platform , such as a payment factory , that can standardise procedures and automate internal controls such as workflow and segregation of duties , limits and auditability . It should offer comprehensive , accurate reporting and strengthen visibility into all multi-banking , payments and treasury activities .
Cross-border payments
Understandably , many organisations see little alternative to using cross-border payments to settle their obligations in other countries . These might relate to supplier payments , payroll and other local debts . In countries where there are significant concentrations of payments this is not cost effective and runs the risk of payments going astray or being delayed .
Top tip :
Instead of making large volumes of cross-border payments , consider opening bank accounts in countries where you have subsidiaries or a high concentration of payments , and then funding these accounts with low volume , high value cross-border payments from the head office . The in-country disbursement bank accounts can then be managed centrally to initiate large volumes of local automated clearing house ( ACH ) payments . This will save both time and money , without losing visibility or control , and enable you to manage local liquidity more efficiently .
Poor visibility resulting in a questionable cash position
To start , Treasury teams generally do n't have access to all the bank account information they need to do their jobs effectively . To make matters worse , payments and cash positions are often tracked separately . Banks also have a differing range of service levels that they can provide to customers . Manually consolidating data from multiple sources into spreadsheets leads to errors and inconsistencies , forcing decisions to be made based on outdated information .
Top tip :
Implement a solution such as a payment factory that provides real-time global access to transactional payment information and account balances across all enterprise applications , payment types and banks . Make sure it can combine data transformation with reconciliation , giving you a more accurate and clearer picture of cash flowing in and out of the organisation .
Staying on top of KYC , AML and fraud prevention
Through requirements such as know-your-customer ( KYC ) and anti- money laundering ( AML ) , pressure has increased significantly to prevent both internal and external fraud and financial crime . Staying ahead of countless regulations , blacklists , process controls , duplicate payments and potential fraudulent behaviour by employees can be onerous and distracting … or even worse , overlooked , which can be devastating to the business .
Top tip :
To manage reputational risk more effectively and gain peace of mind , best practice is to implement technology to automate workflows , introduce effective checks and controls , screen payments , and monitor user behaviour . Know who you are paying – and when – and have the ability to validate that the payments are going to an active , correct and safe bank account . With early warning signs and transactions alerts , suspicious activity can be quickly detected and prevented .
As the strategic role of treasury continues to grow , a reliance on manual controls will simply not be feasible . Technologies , such as payment factories , exist and can provide struggling treasury departments with all the resources they need to be effective – it 's just a matter of taking the steps to implement it . Doing so will require a little thought and work upfront , but its effort that will be well-worth it in the long run .
3 views
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Iconic Brit band Madness have announced a huge UK tour - and it includes a date at Arena Birmingham
The Hills Are Alive With the Sound of Madness will see the band - which rose to fame in the 1970s - play their hits and some new tracks .
The 2-tone favourites will play 13 dates this December with support from indie band The Fratelli 's .
You will be able to catch them at Arena Birmingham on Saturday , December 15 .
Tickets are priced from £43.58 and go on sale at 9.30am on Friday you can get them from The Ticket Factory here .
Fifteen Madness singles reached the top 10 , including One Step Beyond , Baggy Trousers and It Must Be Love .
Their single House of Fun reached number one .
They captured the nation 's imagination when they played Our House on the roof of Buckingham Palace during the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations .
In 2000 the band received the Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Song Collection .
Scottish rock band The Fratellis have had hits with Chelsea Dagger and Whistle for he Choirs .
The Hills Are Alive With the Sound of Madness tour 2018
December 6 - Leeds , First Direct Arena
December 7 - Manchester Arena
December 8 - Newcastle , Metro Radio Arena
December 10 - Plymouth Pavilions
December 11 - Bournemouth
December 13 - Nottingham , Motorpoint Arena
December 14 - London , O2 Arena
December 15 - Birmingham Arena
December 17 - Glasgow , SSE Hydro
December 18 - Hull Venue
December 19 - Reading Rivermead
December 21 - Cardiff , Motorpoint Arena
December 22 - Brighton Centre
Tickets go on sale at 9.30am on Friday and are priced from £43.58 and you can get them from The Ticket Factory here .
Cleveland Police are now offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of Steve Stephens . The search is now national .
`` We 're following up on every lead that comes in to us — every single lead , '' Cleveland police chief says of suspect https : //t.co/Okz2bwUl4f pic.twitter.com/spDyhYROlx — CBS News ( @ CBSNews ) April 17 , 2017
The suspect is considered to be armed and dangerous .
PLEASE SHARE THESE LATEST DEVELOPMENTS : The manhunt Steve Stephens continues . pic.twitter.com/U3tspr02yG — clevelanddotcom ( @ clevelanddotcom ) April 17 , 2017
More from Cleveland 19 News here .
Photo : Wendover Productions/YouTube ( screengrab )
Between the motorcades , airplanes , helicopters and security entourage , travel for a U.S. president is an insanely complex and highly-orchestrated endeavor . Here 's a video detailing all the logistics , as well as the costs to taxpayers ; the whole thing is incredibly daunting .
Advertisement
The video , produced by Wendover Productions , delves into just how involved the president 's travel regiment is . And it 's not just his motorcade , with its 40 to 50 vehicles and over 100 people , but also the planes that move those vehicles and people , as well as helicopters and Secret Service staff .
The video estimates that a simple trip from the White House to the U.N. Headquarters in New York takes the president only a single hour in total between the helicopter flight to Andrews Air Force Base , the plane flight to JFK Airport , the helicopter ride to Manhattan Heliport , and then the short motorcade to the destination .
All told , the video claims , the short trip costs U.S. taxpayers approximately $ 156,820 , or $ 2,614 per minute .
Advertisement
That quick travel and those high costs are a result of a very well-organized system of transportation . The motorcade , for example , includes a route car—along with about 20 to 30 motorcycles—that comes through before the rest of the motorcade to close off all the exits , intersecting streets , and to push cars to the outside of the street .
Then comes the local police , followed by the “ secure package , ” a group of cars that includes two identical ( they even have the same plates ) up-armored presidential limos , one of which contains the president as well as lots of weapons and two pints of the commander in chief 's blood type .
Advertisement
Sponsored
The video also makes note of a vehicle that jams electrical signals , one that has a doctor and military aide on board , a counter assault vehicle , press vans , and many more . Suffice it to say , the motorcade is enormous , but also very efficient .
The video says motorcade is really only used for short jaunts , while the Marine One helicopter is used for longer travel , though it is joined by another five-ish other choppers to keep people guessing at which one contains the president .
Advertisement
In the end , the video says that the helicopters ( which can cost around $ 2,000 per flight hour ) , Air Force One ( which costs close to $ 206,337 per flight hour ) , the motorcade , and the C5 Galaxy planes used to transport the motorcade cost the American taxpayer $ 350 million per year , or one quarter of the yearly White House budget .
The video does admit that , since much of this info is confidential , they 've had to make a few assumptions to come up with these numbers , so who knows exactly how accurate those final tallies are . But those assumptions do seem logical and—above all—insanely lofty .
ANITA Edgar knows Hamilton Island like the back of her hand .
She lived in the Whitsundays for 24 years and spent seven of those on Hamilton Island with her husband .
`` I 'm well entrenched in the community over there , ” she said .
Having worked in real estate since 2000 , Ms Edgar started Ray White Hamilton Island in 2012 carrying a strong enthusiasm and passion throughout .
`` It took a while for me to set up but we 've been really successful in the past year , ” she said .
`` We 've had lots of sales . We could see since the global financial crisis that sales were slow and steady but last year we saw it started to climb . ”
Ms Edgar said there was a significant increase in buyers from Melbourne , Sydney , Perth and Brisbane due to the markets increasing and buyers looking for value for money .
But what is it that makes Hamilton Island such a desirable place to invest ?
Apart from its key location in the Whitsundays , Ms Edgar said there were a number of qualities Hamilton Island possessed .
`` There 's the ( qualia ) resort which the Oatley family have spent so much money on marketing and making it look great , ” she said .
`` The difference between Hamilton Island and other islands is the fact that it has an airport which has a number of flights each day . ”
And the island is n't just for those who have lots of money to spend .
`` The other beauty is it 's not just a set star standard , ” Ms Edgar said . `` You can stay in a six star like qualia or you can stay at a four star . ”
It 's somewhere for families to enjoy too .
Throughout the year , Hamilton Island is also a hub of activity , with events such as the Hamilton Island Triathlon and Audi Hamilton Island Race Week reeling in visitors from across the globe .
And let 's not forget the number of celebrity faces stepping onto the island including Taylor Swift , Johnny Depp , Leonardo Dicaprio , Oprah and more .
Ms Edgar said Hamilton Island had undergone its fair share of stresses recently with Cyclone Debbie wreaking havoc in March .
`` Prior to the cyclone , sales were going gangbusters but then the cyclone came around and threw everything into an absolute spin , ” she said .
`` Things have slowed down since then but we 're starting to get more traction with enquiries increasing , but the whole process will be slow moving . ”
HAMILTON ISLAND ON THE CLIMB
Sales have been up 40 % from last year . Despite the cyclone slowing sales down , enquiry levels are very high .
February 2017 highlighted the heightened activity with seven contracts in one day .
Record prices in Whitsunday Apartments . One apartment was sold and then five months later it sold again at a growth rate of 31 % . This was the beginning of good price growth on the island .
Demands for properties on the island are driven by the great returns for holiday letting . Up to 8 % for some properties selling between $ 850,000- $ 1,500,000 .
Whitsunday Apartments are highly sought after being in entry level price point of $ 400's- $ 500 's and with phenomenal ocean views and guaranteed returns .
Southern market investors are seeing value in capital growth and great returns on investment resulting in 66 % of all buyers coming from big cities in the southern market .
Enquiries for good investment properties are what the buyers are aiming for . Currently Hamilton Island is being watched as a `` hot market ” in real estate .
Traditionally the real estate cycle in the Whitsundays is that Hamilton Island starts the rise in prices , demand heightens and supply diminishes resulting in great real estate buying . Hamilton Island starts the charge and usually within 6-12 months the mainland then jumps on board and positive affects are felt on the mainland as well .
There are in excess of 700 properties on the island with new developments under way .
Very popular lodges opposite the beach are now achieving good prices . An unrenovated apartment was sold recently for just under $ 1m and fully renovated around the $ 1.2m .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A fuming Piers Morgan has blasted local authorities as a snow bomb sparked mass school closures across the country .
Birmingham and the West Midlands suffered a total WHITEOUT on Sunday after huge snowfalls sparked transport chaos across the region .
Up to six inches of snow fell in some places , which led to all bus services being cancelled in Birmingham and flights out of Birmingham Airport being suspended .
School pupils were delighted at the Christmas-style weather as schools in Birmingham , Walsall and Sandwell announced a complete closure programme for today ( Monday 11 ) .
But controversial Good Morning Britain host Piers slammed the decision to close schools , leaving parents with a headache to start the working week .
Morgan said : “ I 'm not criticising any of the people , I 'm criticising the authorities . Where are the gritters ? There are no gritters out there .
“ They should be making the roads safe so we could get to school . ”
Co-host Susanna Reid said there were already gritters working to clear the snow .
But he responded : “ Not enough , otherwise there would n't be schools stopped across the entire Midlands .
“ Education has been stopped today because of a few snowflakes . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said : “ Due to the recent adverse weather and forecast for freezing conditions overnight , I have instructed all Birmingham City Council-run schools and related school transport services to not operate tomorrow ( Monday 11 December ) .
“ This is because conditions will remain very hazardous tomorrow and the safety of our children and young people is of paramount importance . Even if pupils walk to school we will not be able to guarantee enough staff on site to look after them .
“ I would strongly advise all other schools within Birmingham to do the same . ”
A number of events were also hit by the bad weather , as snow fell for more than 16 hours .
Shows cancelled included a Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets concert at Genting Arena , a Ken Dodd gig at Wolverhampton 's Wulfrun Hall and Birmingham Royal Ballet 's performance of The Nutcracker at the Hippodrome .
Birmingham 's ice skating rink and Big Wheel were also shut down after the heavy snowfall .
Organisers closed the city centre attractions for safety reasons as the adverse weather conditions scuppered plans to stay open through wintry conditions .
By Tom Ross
Reno “ Bill ” Ager , owner of the historic Royal Hotel in Yampa , which burned to the ground in January 2015 , may have found a way to avoid litigation with Routt County over a long put-off asbestos cleanup at the charred site .
However , the Board of Commissioners on Tuesday directed County Attorney Erick Knaus to proceed with filing a lawsuit to acquire ownership of the site . That step is necessary in order for the county to land a …read more
Via : : Steamboat Today
Blu-ray : Blade Runner : The Final Cut — ‘ refresh your memory '
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
David Moyes insists he is fully enjoying his return to management with West Ham , while also agreeing with a journalist 's view that it bears similarities to that of a soap opera .
Words , words , words .
On one hand , they can be meaningless compared to say , sticks and stones . But on another hand , they can mean the world — especially when talking about gender and sexuality .
Kehlani found this out when she decided to share her definition of “ queer ” online .
In a Sunday tweet that has since been deleted , Kehlani proclaimed “ cuz I keep geddin asked… I 'm queer . Not bi , not straight . I 'm attracted to women , men , REALLY attracted to queer men , non binary people , intersex people , trans people . lil poly pansexual papa hello good morning . Does that answer your questions ? ”
She continued in another deleted tweet , “ and since we on that… I 'm the LEAST attracted to straight men , y'all really adorable sometimes tho . Bisexual men really are little gifts from god tho . ”
This is n't the first time Kehlani has brought the term “ queer ” into the public spotlight . In a 2017 interview she said she was happy to be in an “ openly queer relationship . ”
It 's a loaded term that has a history of ridicule and shame . But now , many folks have reclaimed it as an umbrella term used to describe people who do n't limit their sexuality to one gender . Kehlani explained her queer identity further to a follower who questioned why she did n't use “ gay . ”
i felt gay always insisted there was still a line drawn as to which “ label ” of human i was attracted when i really jus be walking around thinking ERRYBODY FINE https : //t.co/2zXOUY7fDf — Kehlani ( @ Kehlani ) April 22 , 2018
She also explained how she 's all for reclaiming queer .
damn i did n't know that ! ! if there 's anyone out there i 've ever offended with the word , i 'm sorry ! i 'm with the reclaiming of the word but if there 's any1 day loves me dat is n't , i sorry i lurvvv u 🧡🧡🧡 https : //t.co/LHg33UPtb6 — Kehlani ( @ Kehlani ) April 22 , 2018
Despite Kehlani educating folks on her identity , the singer still got a little pushback from some people across the gender spectrum ( trans folks , intersex folks , etc . ) who thought she was fetishizing them in her first tweet .
It turned into a learning moment for Kehlani that proved even queer folks have room to discuss and grow .
Swipe through to find out how she handled the criticism !
1 2 3 4 5 6Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Richmond , Va . The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward . The march was held a day after a white supremacist rally spiraled into deadly violence in Charlottesville , Va. Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP Shelby Lum
FILE - In this May 16 , 2018 , file photo , Golden State Warriors forward Andre Iguodala ( 9 ) sits on the bench during the final moments of the second half in Game 2 of the NBA basketball Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets , in Houston . Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night , May 31 , 2018 , as he recovers from a bone bruise in his left knee that cost him the final four games of the Western Conference finals . David J. Phillip , File AP Photo
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
During this period , the site may be slow to load but the entire downtime should be about 10 minutes . Thank you for your patience and understanding .
A few weeks ago , we moved Noozhawk 's servers to make our site more responsive and better able to handle the explosive growth we 've been experiencing in our traffic . Later tonight , we 'll be upgrading our ExpressionEngine content-management system in preparation for a host of new features we 'll be adding later this year .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Superb Story is set to head straight to the Cheltenham festival following his comeback victory at Musselburgh on New Year 's Day .
The six-year-old was raced sparingly last season , filling the runner-up spot in the Greatwood Hurdle at Cheltenham in November , before running out an impressive winner of the County Hurdle at Prestbury Park in March .
He was pulled up when considered a leading contender for the Galway Hurdle during the summer , but showed his true colours in Scotland , and given he seems at his best when fresh , trainer Dan Skelton is keen to save his charge for the showpiece meeting in the spring , with the Champion Hurdle a potential target .
Skelton said : “ We were really happy with him on Sunday . Galway was a bit of a disaster . Everything that could go wrong did go wrong that day , so it was nice to see him bounce back .
“ I think we 'll probably go straight to Cheltenham now and C .
“ The Champion Hurdle would obviously be a big step up , but we 'll see how the picture is looking nearer the time . ”
Superb Story was one of two winners on the afternoon for Skelton , with The Bay Oak landing cramped odds .
It was a welcome change of luck for the team after the highly-regarded Robin Roe suffered a season-ending injury when falling three from the finish in Saturday 's Challow Hurdle at Newbury .
“ That 's the ups and downs of racing , is n't it ? ” said Skelton .
“ There was a long way to go when he came down , but he was cantering at the time . ”
Baie Des Iles
Ross O'Sullivan has the Irish Grand National as the main objective for Baie Des Iles again following her decent effort in the Welsh equivalent .
The Curragh trainer feels the six-year-old mare would have finished closer to the winner Native River than being beaten 23 lengths in fifth place had conditions at Chepstow been more testing .
ADVERTISEMENT
It was still a good run and O'Sullivan is looking ahead to giving Baie Des Iles a second attempt at the Fairyhouse showpiece on Easter Monday . She was sixth to Rogue Angel last spring .
O'Sullivan intends giving her a prep run next month at either Punchestown or Newcastle .
“ She is great since Chepstow , there is not a bother on her and she came out of the race really well , ” he said .
“ Katie [ Walsh ] just felt that if the ground had been softer she would have even been a bit closer . Most years it 's a lot heavier than what it was the other day . It was yielding to soft the other day , not heavy which she loves .
“ The plan now is to probably run in the Irish National trial in February at Punchestown – she was second in it last year to Bonny Kate .
“ She could go for that or the Eider Chase , which is also in February , over four miles .
“ She wo n't be going to Aintree for the Grand National as she is too young .
“ She has only just turned six , and she wo n't be allowed to run in the National until she is seven . They brought in that rule a couple of years ago .
“ She would without doubt go to Aintree only for that rule . Her owner Zorka Wentworth loves her National Hunt racing , and she would love for her to run there .
“ You 'd never know though , if she is safe , healthy and sound we might consider running her in it the following year .
“ She was sixth in the Irish National last year when it was n't soft enough either , so she will definitely get an entry in it again this year . ”
Raz de Maree
Meanwhile , Raz De Maree 's main objective is the Randox Health Grand National at Aintree on April 8th following his fine effort in the Welsh equivalent .
The Cork Grand National scorer closed the gap on winner Native River to a length and three-quarters at the line in the Chepstow marathon , but could not quite get to the bold-jumping top weight .
Trainer Gavin Cromwell plans to send Raz De Maree back to Britain for his next race , the Betfred Eider Chase on February 25th , before heading to Liverpool for the world 's greatest steeplechase .
“ It was a great run in Chepstow . It was just disappointing to come up against a horse like that , ” said the Navan handler .
“ He 's come out of it good and has been in the form of his life .
“ He 'll probably go to the Eider and then the English National . That 's the plan . ”
Cromwell felt stablemate Jer 's Girl was not at her best for some reason when last of five behind Petit Mouchoir in the Ryanair Hurdle at Leopardstown last week .
None the worse for that disappointing display , Jer 's Girl has the OLBG Mares ' Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival as her main target .
“ She ran a bit flat , but she 's come out of the race okay , ” said Cromwell .
“ She 'll go for the Mares ' Hurdle at Cheltenham . Whether she runs in between , I 'm not sure . ”
WASHINGTON — Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice , The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening .
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe , the Post reported , citing “ five people briefed on the requests . ”
The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats , National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett , the recently retired deputy NSA director .
It is the most significant sign that Mueller 's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election .
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller , who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey .
Mark Corallo , a spokesman for Trump 's private attorney , Marc Kasowitz , immediately condemned the Post report .
“ The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous , inexcusable and illegal , ” Corallo told CNN .
The NSA said in a statement that the “ NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel . We are not in a position to comment further . ”
A spokesman for the DNI declined to comment to CNN .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who appointed Mueller , hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday . When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing Comey , Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and he was therefore “ not at liberty to talk about that now . ”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch 's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates .
Mueller met with Sens . Richard Burr and Mark Warner , the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday .
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing . In one memo , Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn .
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice .
“ I do n't think it 's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct , ” Comey said . “ I took it as a very disturbing thing , very concerning , but that 's a conclusion I 'm sure the special counsel will work towards , to try and understand what the intention was there , and whether that 's an offense . ”
A Lompoc man is facing felony charges stemming from a stabbing that occurred last week at a homeless encampment in Goleta .
Donald J. Lowe , 57 , is suspected of stabbing a 29-year-old acquaintance in the stomach on Friday night at the camp adjacent to the railroad tracks near Patterson Avenue , according to Kelly Hoover , a spokeswoman with the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department .
“ The suspect and the victim were acquaintances living at the homeless encampment , and the incident occurred following a dispute over property , ” Hoover said .
Lowe was located by detectives Tuesday in the area of Cabrillo Boulevard and Ninos Drive in Santa Barbara , Hoover said .
“ When Lowe was located in Santa Barbara , he was found to be in possession of about 23 grams of methamphetamine , about one gram of black tar heroin , and under one gram of brown heroin , ” Hoover said . “ Three individuals who were with Lowe were arrested as well . ”
Lowe was booked into Santa Barbara County Jail on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon causing great bodily injury , Hoover said .
He remained in custody Wednesday , with bail set at $ 350,000 .
Deputies also arrested Andrea Mertynuik , 30 , of Ventura for violation of probation and outstanding warrants ; Lindsay A. Lilburn , 35 , of Carpinteria for violation of probation ; and Sean M. Lynn , 51 , of Santa Barbara for violation of probation , according to Hoover .
Lilburn and Lynn were being held without bail ; Mertynuik 's bail was set at $ 5,000 .
The victim was continuing to recover at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital , Hoover said .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - With fireworks thundering across night skies and backyard barbecues , Americans are celebrating Independence Day by participating in time-honored traditions that express pride in their country 's 242nd birthday .
But this quintessential American holiday will also be marked with a sense of a United States divided for some - evidenced by competing televised events in the nation 's capital .
From New York to California , July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted , with Macy 's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan 's Famous hot dog eating contest .
The day 's events will also be stately and traditional , with parades lining streets across the country and the world 's oldest commissioned warship firing a 21-gun salute to mark the 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
For some Western states , however , the holiday will be a bit more muted as high wildfire danger forces communities to cancel fireworks displays .
Here are highlights of Wednesday 's festivities so far :
___
A HISTORIC PARADE
Crowds are lining the streets in a Rhode Island town to see what 's billed as the nation 's oldest continuous Fourth of July celebration . Begun in 1785 , the Bristol parade typically attracts about 100,000 people to the seaside town .
This year 's will be a scorcher .
When the parade kicked off at 10:30 a.m. , the temperature was hovering near 90 degrees . The Providence Journal reports there will be water stations along the 2.5-mile route and medical personnel will watch the marchers for signs of heat illnesses .
The fire chief told the newspaper it has been a few years since it has been this hot during the parade .
Democratic Gov . Gina Raimondo , U.S. Sen. Jack Reed , U.S. Rep. David Cicilline and other officials plan to march .
___
The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire her guns again to mark Independence Day .
The plan was for the world 's oldest commissioned warship to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard on Wednesday and glide through the harbor to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
The ship nicknamed `` Old Ironsides '' was to travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute .
The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard was to return the salute .
An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station , the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797 .
___
DUELING CELEBRATIONS
The country 's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition - PBS ' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol 's West Lawn - is facing new counterprogramming from the White House , which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service 's fireworks show . Both shows feature different `` American Idol '' alums .
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to `` tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities . '' PBS declined to comment .
___
LIGHTING UP THE NIGHT SKIES
In New York , the Macy 's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and `` ahhhh , '' plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson , Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC 's broadcast .
But some places in the West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger and others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics .
In Colorado , the wildfire danger forced some communities to cancel their fireworks . However , other shows will still go as planned in Denver , Colorado Springs and Fort Collins .
The small mountain town of Silverton , in southwestern Colorado , called off the fireworks part of its annual Independence Day party , but the rest of Wednesday 's celebration is still on , including live music and a parade that ends with a water fight with firefighters . Aspen will have a fire-proof drone light display above town .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
To keep kids off drugs , CSU Channel Islands lecturer says understanding the why is as important as the how
[ Noozhawk 's note : This article is part of Day 8 in Noozhawk 's 12-day , six-week special investigative series , Prescription for Abuse . Related links are below . ]
Name : Neil Rocklin Ph.D .
Location : Camarillo
Occupation : Clinical psychologist/psychology lecturer
When clinical psychologist Neil Rocklin teaches CSU Channel Islands students about addiction , he uses wisdom teeth to get on their level .
“ I ask for a show of hands for how many people have had their wisdom teeth pulled out , ” he said .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
He sees a full room of raised hands .
“ I ask how many people had a prescription for Vicodin , ' ” he continued .
The hands stay up .
“ Then I ask how many people took some of the medication , ” he said . Some hands stay up .
“ How many took all of their medication ? ”
All but two hands go down .
Rocklin uses this social experiment to fuel an important question : “ Why would a physician prescribe the medication knowing that 95 percent of the people do n't need it ? ”
It 's an issue that is plaguing the pharmaceutical industry and affecting the way Americans deal with and use prescription medications .
Rocklin experienced firsthand a major component to prescription drug addiction : convenience thanks to overprescribing . After open-heart surgery to replace a valve , the pharmacy could n't wait to send him his refills .
“ They want to sell me more medication than I need , ” he said .
“ It 's all in terms of profit incentive . That 's one of the most disturbing elements in any discussion about health care . ”
At Rocklin 's Woodland Hills practice , where he works mainly with elementary school-aged children , substance abuse sometimes surfaces as an issue with prescription drugs .
“ I have seen , over the course of my practice , children ages 12 , 13 , 14 , who during the course of treatment for a different kind of referral , have been identified as substance abusive , ” he said .
“ Addiction is what we call a disorder of the brain , ” he explained about substance abuse . “ It 's chronic , so the disorder begins typically in childhood . ”
From his experiences , Rocklin suggests that addiction may start at a much earlier age than previously thought . That is why he proposes early education at an even more intense , scientific level .
“ We need to get into schools and teach kids at a very early age about neurotransmitters , ” he said , “ and about how you have to be sensitive and value your body and the way in which your body functions . ”
Rocklin stresses even more the necessity to teach children the importance of maintaining a healthy body and mind without drugs .
“ Not everybody is going to feel good all the time , and there are going to be periods of your life when you are going to feel unhappy , ” he said . “ You 're going to have to figure out how you 're going to deal with that . ”
Rocklin suggests options like exercise and a healthy diet instead of abusing different substances .
One aspect of addiction that Rocklin wants people to understand is its classification as a true mental disorder , which affects the brain and can not be controlled .
“ We generally think of addiction as a disorder that somebody has control over , ” he said . “ We have these oversimplified , over-expected ideas that you should just get over it and stop doing it . But it just does n't work that way . ”
He proposes that treatment programs for both addicts and those arrested for drug possession are the most effective way to counteract substance abuse .
“ Deferring people into treatment programs will help by providing a better outcome as well as being less expensive , ” he said .
Rocklin says Americans must be willing to fund such programs , regardless of whether they affect their lives . Only then , he says , can society make headway against addiction .
“ There is this conflict between what the public expects and wants and what the public is willing to pay for through their tax dollars , ” he explained .
“ It 's a huge issue because we tend to not want to provide the kind of funding for people who are sick , ” he said . “ But if we do n't accept that in these situations there are people who are substance abusive and we pretend it does n't exist , then we wo n't make any progress . ”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk intern Sarah Webb can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
This is a `` How it works '' video of 'the BackSeat ' app . A few of the key features are reviewed here . There are several more settings within the app as well as the app being customize-able based on your lifestyle .
Finance Ireland , the country 's largest non-bank lender in the retail market , is considering entering the mortgage market as it assesses ways to further diversify its business after its pre-tax profit soared 226 per cent last year to €8.3 million , reports Joe Brennan
Despite a housing crisis , Dublin is as good a place to live in as it was this time last year , a new survey from Mercer indicates , which also reveals that Dublin is the top ranking city across the UK and Ireland . Fiona Reddan has the details .
Avectas , an Irish company developing cutting edge technology to help cure cancers , writes Dominic Coyle , has secured €2.1 million funding under the European Union 's Horizon 2020 programme ,
One third of Irish people are still paying for financial mistakes made in the past according to a new survey , reports Fiona Reddan .
Berlin 's cursed international airport is almost six years late and , according to a leading Lufthansa executive , will probably never open , writes Derek Scally from Germany .
Start-up incubator NDRC is to invest up to €650,000 in ten new digital initiatives selected for its latest Dublin accelerator programme . Charlie Taylor reports .
Fiona Reddan tells us how vulture funds got their tentacles deep into Irish lives and Proinsias O'Mahony wonders whether billionaire investor Warren Buffett has lost his touch .
Strong Roots , the fast-growing Irish food company , is forecasting another record year after securing listings for its products with two of the top four grocery retailers in the UK , reports Charlie Taylor .
Charlie also tells us that Causeway Sensors , a Belfast-based diagnostics company which has developed nano-sized sensing chips that can be used to detect early-stage cancer and other diseases , has secured £1.5 million ( €1.7 million ) in investment .
Stay up to date : sign up to our business news alerts here and our Business Today daily email news digest here .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have been given more time to question a man arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a pedestrian in West Bromwich town centre .
The victim , a 22-year-old man , died in hospital of his injuries , after being hit by a vehicle in the early hours of Saturday .
The detained man , who is 38 , was arrested in Birmingham on Saturday afternoon in connection with the death .
Police confirmed on Monday afternoon that officers now had until Tuesday afternoon to question him - a total of 36 further hours .
( Image : SnappersSK )
Officers were called to the scene at West Bromwich High Street , near the junction with Trinity Way , at around 2.40am on Saturday .
A Volkswagen Caddy van believed to have been involved in the collision was recovered in the Birmingham area .
Det Insp Harry Harrison , from the homicide team at West Midlands Police , said : `` This is still very much an active investigation and we would ask for anyone who has any information , and not already spoken to us , to get in touch as soon as possible .
`` We are currently reviewing CCTV and speaking to those in the area as we build up a picture of what happened in the early hours of the morning . ''
Anyone with information can call 101 , quoting log 281 of 17 March . Alternatively ring Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Better late than never . Derby County have climbed back into a Championship play-off place with only two games of the regular seasons to go .
A timely and rousing 3-1 victory in the eagerly-awaited rearranged game against second-placed Cardiff City at Pride Park Stadium last night has left the Rams sixth .
They have 71 points with fixtures against Aston Villa ( a ) and Barnsley ( h ) to come .
That is two points above Millwall , who are seventh and the Lions travel to Middlesbrough on Saturday before they face a home game against Villa .
Derby are back on course for a top-six finish thanks to a Cameron Jerome double against his old club and a strike from top scorer Matej Vydra , who was left out but came off the bench to score his 21st goal of the season - and his 20th in the League .
The Rams deserve huge credit for the character and courage they displayed because they had trailed at half time to Callum Paterson 's goal .
( Image : 2018 Getty Images )
Three consecutive defeats and a return of only two wins in 13 damaged belief that promotion is still possible this season , but the level of doom and gloom circulating has been surprising given that Gary Rowett 's team has never really been out of the race for the play offs .
Failings of others has offered Derby a helping hand in recent weeks and they finally helped themselves . Their finish to the game - three goals in 21 memorable minutes - was magnificent and brimming with energy and desire .
Few probably saw that coming before Jerome 's equaliser but the Championship never ceases to surprise .
This was Derby 's much talked about game in hand after the original fixture was postponed due to snow .
'Snowgate ' erupted at the time as Cardiff boss Neil Warnock criticised the decision and labelled it a `` disgrace '' . The Football League investigated and said the decision to call off the game was the correct one , but that was not the end of the matter .
A video was leaked online of Cardiff skipper Sean Morrison delivering a foul-mouthed rant against a number of Derby players .
The reaction was all a bit silly , and rather embarrassing , something of a side show .
Derby , thankfully , did their talking on the pitch last night .
First , a weather report . There was no snow this time and the rain in the build up to kick off had stopped although the sky was grey .
The two changes to the Derby team that lost to Middlesbrough saw the players placed one and two in the club 's goals ' chart , Vydra and David Nugent , left out . In came Andreas Weimann and Jerome .
Derby stuck with the 3-4-2-1 formation although that easily switches to five at the back . Cardiff made four changes .
( Image : Catherine Ivill/Getty Images )
Set pieces dominated the opening minutes . Derby won three corners in quick succession and there were as many long throw-ins from Cardiff midfielder Aron Gunnarsson . It was clearly going to be a night that would test the defences .
The quality of the passing by both teams was falling below the standard expected . Nerves and edginess is understandable with so much at stake , but still no excuse .
Eighteen minutes passed before either keeper was asked to make a save of note . Weimann took the ball off Sol Bamba , raced into the area and pulled the ball back to Tom Lawrence . He took a touch and saw his strike saved by the advancing Neil Etheridge .
Cardiff had a big penalty shout for handball against Bradley Johnson but Derby 's tempo was good , their start contained purpose but they fell behind after 28 minutes .
Joe Bennett crossed from the left towards the back post where two Rams players , Craig Forsyth and Marcus Olsson went to challenge Gary Madine . The ball dropped over all three and there was Paterson to smash a fine volley from an angle past Scott Carson at his near post .
It was a surprise to see the ball squeeze in and defensively it was a poor goal to concede .
Cardiff almost doubled their lead when Junior Hoilett headed back across the face of goal where Madine looked certain to make contact , but failed to do so . The Cardiff players and fans wanted a penalty , claiming Madine was held , and one could easily have been awarded .
Weimann sliced a half volley wide from a good position as Derby looked for a route back into the contest but the Cardiff goal appeared to drain some belief from the players , similar to what we saw against Middlesbrough .
The effort was not in question , however the quality was again missing when it mattered .
Rowett faced a big half-time team talk because his team had not come from behind to win a game since beating Leeds United at Elland Road in October and Cardiff boast one of the best defensive records in the division .
Derby won a free kick in an inviting position early in the second half only for Lawrence to waste it by thumping the ball into the Cardiff wall .
Drizzle ( not snow ) was now falling and Rowett sent on Vydra for Olsson . It meant Weimann moved to left wing-back and Vydra joined Lawrence in the two behind Jerome .
The Rams plugged away showing bags of endeavour although they breathed a sigh of relief when Joe Ralls broke in their area and squared to Madine , who missed his kick in front of goal .
But Derby took full advantage of the let off by equalising after 69 minutes .
Etheridge went to catch a ball on the byline when he could have let it go behind . He dropped it and when Cardiff only half cleared . Richard Keogh sent a header into the area and Jerome showed strength to hold off two defenders and roll the ball past the keeper .
Celebrations on and off the pitch , and in the Rams dugout told you everything about the importance of the goal .
And those celebrations were topped eight minutes from time when Vydra put Derby ahead .
Cardiff substitute Yanic Wildschut controlled the ball in his own area and rather then clear , he allowed himself to be robbed by Andre Wisdom who found Vyrda and he drilled the ball past Etheridge . A clinical finish .
And there was still time for Jerome to shrug off Morrison and grab his second and Derby 's third in the final minute .
( Image : PA Wire/PA Images )
Cardiff shot themselves in the foot on all three goals , Warnock described them as 'Sunday League goals ' but that mattered little to Derby and their fans .
`` Warnock , Warnock what 's the score '' chanted the Rams fans and the defeat was a blow to Cardiff 's bid for automatic promotion . They have a slender one-point lead over Fulham in the race for second place .
But this was all about Derby and Rowett 's words pre-match rang true . `` It is time for action rather than words , '' he said .
His players delivered and can feel proud of their efforts .
The season is still very much alive .
DERBY COUNTY : Carson ; Keogh , Davies , Forsyth ; Wisdom , Huddlestone , Johnson , Olsson ( Vydra , 60 ) ; Lawrence ( Hanson , 88 ) , Weimann ( Pearce , 88 ) ; Jerome .
Other subs : Roos ( gk ) , Ledley , Palmer , Nugent
CARDIFF CITY : Etheridge ; Manga , Morrison , Bamba , Bennett , Gunnarsson , Ralls , Paterson , Hoilett ( Pilkington , 74 ) , Ward ( Wildschut , 74 ) , Madine ( Zohore , 67 ) .
Other subs : Murphy ( gk ) , Peltier , Mendez-Laing , Grujic .
Referee : A Madley ( West Yorkshire )
Attendance : 30,294 ( 2,897 Cardiff fans )
SCORERS :
Paterson ( 28 ) 0-1
Jerome ( 69 ) 1-1
Vydra ( 82 ) 2-1
Jerome ( 90 ) 3-1
BOOKINGS :
Cardiff : Paterson ( 11 ) foul on Olsson ; Manga ( 53 ) foul on Keogh ; Bennett ( 66 ) foul on Vydra ; Ralls ( 70 ) foul on Vydra ;
Prithviraj has some big and prestigious projects in his kitty and one among This is the upcoming period movie Kaaliyan , the official announcement of which was made a few months ago . It was announced that the big budget venture will be directed by S Mahesh and will have its script penned by BT Anil Kumar . The movie also will pave way for the entry of popular music director Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy to the Malayalam film industry .
Meanwhile , Prithviraj is busy with the works of his other upcoming ventures . The audiences have been eager to know about the commencement of shoot of Kaaliyan . Now , certain updates have been doing the rounds regarding the same on the social media .
According to the reports , Rajeev Nair , the producer of Kaaliyan had met Prithviraj in the sets of the actor 's upcoming film 9 . The photos of the same have been doing the rounds on social media . According to a Facebook post send out by POFFACTIO , the producer was there to discuss about the pre-production works of Kaaliyan and the team is expected to begin the shoot by the second half of 2019 .
The Facebook post by POOFACTIO is read as `` # Kaaliyan producer Rajeev Nair ( Magic Moon Productions ) with Prithviraj Sukumaran at 9 - Movie location Manali , for discussion on pre-production updates and shooting schedules .. We are expecting to start on second half of 2019 ! Need your prayers and support for the upcoming audition and pre-production works .. Thank you .. ( sic )
Share Facebook
Twitter
author : samara stearns | contributor
Local comic sells the case for the much-feared open mic night
Open mic nights at the Artful Dodger are a good opportunity to practice showcasing your talents in front of a group of creative individuals in a unique environment . On any Monday evening at 9:00 p.m. , you can expect an experience that consists of music , singing , dancing , rapping , spoken word poetry , stand-up comedy , and anything else that may be considered a talent . I strongly recommend going at least once while living in Regina . This is a great way to see and support the hidden talents within the city firsthand .
On most nights , you can expect to find the regular crowd who are there either for practice for bigger gigs , to showcase their talent , or for the entertainment and relaxing environment . Some even go to experiment new material that they may be unsure about . You will also find some newcomers or oldcomers returning to present new material . Whatever the case may be , the crowd is there to support whoever is on stage .
My experience of attending open mic nights regularly in the summer helped me scrape up the courage to try out stand-up comedy . Soon after , I found a passion for writing and telling jokes in front of a group of talented performers . I have found that going to the open mic nights has allowed me to network within the small stand-up comedy scene that is in Regina . This experience has helped me to grow as a comedian . Some nights my jokes do n't land , and some nights they do . Either way , it has given me the opportunity to go home and rework my comedy set to maximize on laughs . I have also found that my onstage confidence has developed exponentially .
After stepping off the stage , people are generally greeted with appraisals or feedback from the crowd . There are rumours that some lucky people even get numbers from beautiful audience members .
The open mic night takes place at the Artful Dodger on 11th Avenue . When you are watching the performances , you can sip on a variety of beverages , eat some delicious food , or get drunk if you really want to . There are a lot of separate rooms in the building that allow you to practice your set or song privately before putting it all out on stage . There is a room where you can bring your friends to lounge on some comfy couches while you tinker around on a piano . In the back of the building , there is a tiny library where you can sit and calm down from pre-show jitters . The environment is relaxing , aesthetically pleasing , and hip .
The open mic nights at the Artful Dodger are every Monday night , except for the first Monday of the month , because that night is salsa night !
Popular show promoter and CEO Upfront & Personal , Paul Okoye , is said to have bought 50 % shares in the label that houses singer , Tekno .
Tekno , who at the moment is a Triple MG artiste , made this known via Instagram , while wishing his fans a Happy New Year .
In his words :
“ My people , listen . I 'm happy and excited about life . That 's all that matters despite this year being a crazy year . “ So , I want to use this opportunity to say thank you to Upfront and Personal . Thank you Paul O for becoming a part of my label , for buying into the company… owning 50 % shares of the company . “ This is really good . I 'm excited because it really facilitated a lot of things . ”
In response to the ‘ Pana ' crooner 's video , Paul O , reposted the video and wrote :
“ Tekno , I believe in you . 2017 will be your year ” .
Watch video below :
# happynewyear ? # thankyou A video posted by TIA ( @ teknoofficial ) on Dec 31 , 2016 at 12:16pm PST
The post Tekno Reveals Paul Okoye Now Owns 50 % Of ‘ His Label ' appeared first on tooXclusive .
The Green River Girls Softball Association is hosting registration for the 2018 Softball & T-Ball teams this week ! Any girl between the ages of 5 and 21 years of age ( as of December 31 , 2017 ) are more than welcomed to come and join . Fees for softball are $ 75 . Each additional sibling is $ 65 . T-ball fees are $ 50 and $ 40 for each additional sibling .
Posted on July 3 , 2013 | 6:23 p.m .
Source : Wentz Family
Roy Edmond Wentz , husband of Margaret “ Peggy ” Wentz , and a loving friend to all . There will be a Celebration of Life memorial service for “ Cowboy Roy ” Wentz at 4 p.m. Sunday , August 4 , 2013 , at the Spiritualist Church of the Comforter , 1028 Garden St. in Santa Barbara . Casual western attire encouraged . A reception will follow the service . All are welcome .
Arrangements by Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapels .
The Aliko Dangote Foundation , on Wednesday , commenced the disbursement of N130 million to 13,000 women in Nasarawa state under its micro-grant scheme .
Alhaji Aliko Dangote , chairman of the foundation , while flagging-off the disbursement in Lafia , said the scheme was one of the components of the economic empowerment programme of the foundation .
He said the grant was aimed at providing the disadvantaged and vulnerable in the society with an unconditional N10 , 000 cash transfer to boost their household income generation .
“ This we believe will help the beneficiaries meet their livelihood needs , ” he added .
He explained that the scheme , which was launched a few years back , was targeted at a minimum of 1,000 women in each of the 774 Local Government Areas ( LGAs ) of the country .
“ It is estimated that we will spend about N10 billion on the scheme , some states with large population will get a little bit more than others , ” he said .
Dangote said he started the foundation in 1993 with the belief that by supporting social and economic changes through strategic investment and interventions that improve the lives of the less privileged , he would make a positive difference in the growth of the country 's economy .
He said the four major goals of the foundation were health and nutrition , education , economic empowerment and disaster relief .
He said the foundation was partnering with Access bank to open bank accounts for the all the 13,000 beneficiaries in the state , so they can be issued with customised debit cards .
He said the essence was to introduce banking to the beneficiaries in their local communities .
According to him , the beneficiaries ' accounts have been credited with the grant and that the bank 's agents have been adequately trained and mobilised to provide the beneficiaries with the basic banking activities .
“ The foundation and the Access bank team will be going to each of the 13 LGAs in the state to distribute the cards to the selected beneficiaries in order to be able to redeem their cash , ” Dangote said .
Also speaking , Gov . Umaru Al-Makura thanked Dangote for the gesture describing it as strategic , considering the hardship currently pervading the society .
“ The efforts of the foundation is in tandem with the Federal Government 's social investment programme aimed at providing succor to the aged , vulnerable groups and the poorest of the poor in the society , ” he said . ( NAN )
Dear Visitor ,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on .
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is , of course , available to you absolutely free of charge .
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content , which is written by professional journalists , with the help of editors , graphic designers , and our site production and I.T . staff , as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site .
So , we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker 's `` white list '' or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has almost hinted at an apology to West Bromwich Albion fans ahead of Liverpool 's visit of Roma this evening .
The Reds boss was the subject of anger and humour from Albion supporters after he claimed that the dryness of the pitch was the reason that his side blew a two-goal lead at The Hawthorns on Saturday .
The German also had a subtle dig at the Baggies ahead of a likely campaign in the Championship next season , something that brought into question his professionalism by many Throstles fans .
Klopp seemed in a penitent mood having had time to reflect on the draw before tonight 's huge encounter in the first leg of the Champions League semi-finals against Serie A outfit Roma .
In his pre-match interview with BT Sport , he admitted to being out of line with his comments over the weekend .
“ You like a joke , good news is , it wo n't be a dry pitch tonight , ” quipped the BT Sport interviewer , referring to the heavy rain falling on Merseyside tonight .
Klopp ( laughs ) : “ Greetings to Birmingham . I was not in the best mood that day . ”
Beat 'em to it
West Bromwich Albion 's relegation rivals Stoke City have confirmed they tried to sign Daniel Sturridge in January .
Stoke wanted Sturridge to spearhead their attack , with Saido Berahino continuing to struggle at the Britannia Stadium .
But Sturridge opted to join Albion instead and the injury-prone Liverpool loanee has played just 149 minutes for the Baggies .
Berahino has been sidelined by Paul Lambert and has not scored a senior goal for more than two years .
Stoke chairman Peter Coates confirmed the Potters tried to bring in Sturridge on loan in January because of the situation with Berahino and fellow flop Jese Rodriguez .
`` We did try to strengthen again in January , it was n't something we were unaware of , but football is more complicated than that , '' Coates told the Sentinel .
“ We tried to spend money , but for whatever reason we were n't successful . Good strikers who will make a difference are not easy to find , as anyone in football will tell you .
“ We tried to sign Daniel Sturridge from Liverpool for example , but he preferred West Bromwich Albion because he wanted to move to that area . We tried for Danny Ings , but once they let Sturridge go they would n't let him go .
“ You must remember we had Jese at great cost and Saido Berahino at great cost , but they have n't performed for us . ”
More Albion news
One thing is certain at The Hawthorns this evening - the pitch has been well watered !
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made headlines on Saturday when he blamed the dry surface for his side 's dropped points as West Brom battled back from two goals down to rescue a point .
Jake Livermore and then , dramatically , Salomon Rondon scored in the final 11 minutes to bring the scores level and leave Klopp fuming .
While the excuse was practically laughed off by Darren Moore , who assured the Reds boss that the move to not activate the sprinklers at half time was not a deliberate ploy , Albion could n't resist the most subtle of digs at the German through the official Twitter account .
Before tonight 's U23 welcoming of Blackburn Rovers , which Albion eventually lost 4-1 , the Baggies rather cheekily posted the below tweet , in full view of a couple of sprinklers !
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A pharmacist - arrested at Birmingham Police - who claimed Islamic State were `` not bad people '' has been jailed for six years .
Zameer Ghumra , of Leicester , was yesterday convicted of showing a beheading video to a young child .
He `` brainwashed '' two primary school-age youngsters , instructing them to not have non-Muslim friends and asking if they wanted to join the terrorist group or help recruit others to its ranks .
The 38-year-old was found guilty by the jury of eight men and four women at Nottingham Crown Court on Thursday of disseminating `` terrorist propaganda '' in the form of a graphic Twitter video on his mobile phone between January 2013 and September 2014 .
The children 's mother gave evidence last week and told jurors she overheard her sons talking about blowing themselves up .
The court heard how Ghumra taught the children how to `` survive a bomb attack '' and fight with knives - rewarding them with sweets to keep them on-side .
The jury also heard that the two children were told that when they arrived in Syria , they would have to behead people .
Ghumra had been working as a pharmacist in Oundle , Northamptonshire , before he was arrested .
Simon Davis , prosecuting , said Ghumra had told a customer at the pharmacy that Islamic State were `` not bad people - they 're only defending themselves '' .
Ghumra , of Haringworth Road , Leicester , followed various IS-linked social media accounts and made the two children follow similar accounts .
The pharmacist , who had denied the charge , was convicted on Thursday after a trial lasting eight days .
Wearing a green fleece , Ghumra , who is said to have been setting up a madrasa - Islamic religious school - stood emotionless as the verdict was read out after two hours of jury deliberation .
The prosecution said Ghumra had claimed the children had been put up to `` making a false allegation '' .
The jury was also told how he had online conversations with Anjem Choudary , describing him as `` a good man '' to the children .
The youngsters were also told of Choudary 's arrest in September 2014 , on suspicion of inviting support for a proscribed group .
The court heard that after Ghumra 's arrest at Birmingham Airport in September 2015 , a computer was seized showing 1,600 search results for terms including `` survival knives '' and `` bushcraft '' .
However , after police officers searched his home , neither the phone containing the beheading video nor the video itself was recovered .
Sue Hemming from the CPS said : `` Zameer Ghumra tried to brainwash impressionable children with this violent ideology by making one watch beheading videos and urging them both to adopt a hard-line religious outlook .
`` The CPS case was that he intended to radicalise them in the hope that they would go on to be involved in terrorism .
`` The children were brave to give evidence and we would like to thank them for helping to secure this conviction of a dangerous man . ''
Image copyright PA Image caption The union said views on the issue were `` finely balanced ''
The RMT rail union has decided against formally reaffiliating to Labour , deciding instead to closely `` align '' itself with Jeremy Corbyn 's party .
The union 's executive committee said it wanted its 80,000 members to be active within Labour and would allow branches to fund candidates at elections .
But it stopped short of restoring permanent financial links , ended when it disaffiliated from Labour in 2004 .
General secretary Mick Cash said he would not rule this out in future .
Speaking after a special meeting of the RMT 's executive committee , Mr Cash said the views of members and local branches were `` finely balanced '' on the issue and the union would revisit the question of reaffiliation if there was `` clearer support '' among its members .
The Fire Brigades Union voted to rejoin Labour in November 2015 , months after Mr Corbyn 's election as leader .
The RMT became estranged from Labour under Tony Blair 's leadership and severed its links following a row over whether individual branches should be able to back other political parties .
While it would remain unaffiliated , Mr Cash - who succeeded the late Bob Crow in 2014 - said the union strongly backed Labour 's stance on rail nationalisation and employment rights .
'Socialist advances '
There was overwhelming support among RMT members for Mr Corbyn and anger at attempts by a `` hardcore '' of Labour MPs to undermine the leader .
`` That is why we are now putting in place other concrete steps to throw the weight of the RMT behind supporting the socialist advances that have been made in the Labour Party , '' he said .
`` This will include aligning ourselves towards Labour , encouraging members to be active in Labour and allowing our branches and regions to fund Labour candidates . ''
Rail unions the TSSA and Aslef are among 14 that are affiliated to Labour .
The historic arrangement sees unions pay an annual fee to Labour in return for receiving certain privileges , including representation on the party 's ruling NEC , the right to vote in leadership elections and to elect delegates to attend conferences .
The Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers union was formed by the merger of the National Union of Railwaymen and National Union of Seamen in 1990 .
The annual Lehigh-Lafayette football game inspires school spirit , camaraderie and this year for a number of students , revolution .
At 12:28 p.m. on Nov. 18 , hours before Lehigh 's win against Lafayette at the 153rd Rivalry game , an estimated 25 Lehigh students gathered in the stands of Goodman Stadium . At the start of the national anthem , they took a knee .
For roughly two minutes , while nearly 15,270 attendees stood as the national anthem rang through the stadium , these students knelt silently and peacefully in protest of issues surrounding the treatment of people of color in the United States .
The protesters drew inspiration from the bent-knee stance that football player and activist Colin Kaepernick first assumed nearly 17 months ago . They were influenced by the same push for racial equality that motivated Kaepernick 's now iconic action .
But for them , taking a knee at the game represented more than allegiance to the fight against racial issues existing in the nation . It was a call for attention to the racial issues within this institution — issues that members of the protest believe most Lehigh students are disconnected from .
Take A Knee LU protest organizer Eliza Wastcoat , '20 , said this disconnect is rooted in a lack of experience and education when it comes to discussing race and racial awareness .
“ A majority of our students have very little experience interacting with minority groups , ” Wastcoat said .
The protesters believe this behavior and its implications are felt by minority students on campus .
On Oct. 22 , students hung posters promoting the protest around campus . The next day , Usman Ologunebi , '20 , a protest organizer who was featured in one of the posters , was called ‘ blackface ' by a student passing by . Some posters were ripped down or partially torn and the words “ All Lives Matter ” were written over the “ Black Lives Matter ” printed on the flyers .
Several protest supporters said there is a heavy “ email culture ” and lack of transparency adopted by organizations and the administration following racial incidents .
On Oct. 26 , the Interfraternity Councill sent an email in response to an incident involving racial slurs made at a Psi Upsilon party in late September . Newly-elected IFC president , Ian Davis , '18 , said the council was hesitant to respond because it was unsure what the environment looked like and at the time , the allegations were still under investigation .
The email that IFC later sent out stated , “ The IFC will follow its own procedure to ensure that the responsible organization ( s ) and student ( s ) understand the consequences of their behavior and the resulting negative impact on Lehigh 's community . ”
An investigation led by the Office of General Counsel found members of the fraternity were not directly involved in the incident . Following the investigation , Davis and the counsel proposed a soft sanction that required general members of the fraternity to research and think critically about the incident .
Psi Upsilon members recently presented their findings at an educational workshop held on Dec. 5 . Davis said IFC hopes the newly-implemented soft sanction workshop will lead to a more inclusive , mindful and accountable future concerning bias-related incidents within organizations .
Kevelis Matthews-Alvarado , '20 , a protest organizer , said Lehigh 's student body is comprised of an enormous amount of economic privilege . Lehigh reports that 64 percent of its students are white and 67 percent come from the top 20 percent , in terms of income .
Matthews-Alvarado said with economic privilege often comes white privilege . She said an overwhelming majority of Lehigh students come from a specific , privileged background — a background that explains why they do n't care about racial issues .
The repetitious cycle of protests followed by the rise of “ email culture ” has given way to the argument that Lehigh is a reactionary campus that only addresses racial issues after they occur rather than preventing them from occurring in the first place .
“ Even if the messages behind these actions are genuine , and I believe they are , you have to think about the weight it holds , ” Matthews-Alvarado said . “ It 's not effective . ”
Wastcoat said Lehigh still needs to make a lot of progress to create an accepting , inclusive environment . The movement is one step in getting there .
Wastcoat collaborated with Cultural Greek Council members , including Djenne Dickens , '18 , Dabney Brice , '18 , Julius Wibisono , '20 , and students Juwan Royal , '18 , Ruben Rosas , '20 , Joey Repuero , '20 , Matthews-Alvarado and Ologunebi , who all felt strongly about addressing racial issues on campus .
The group began planning the protest in early October . Wastcoat said the Lehigh-Lafayette football game emerged as the perfect venue for the protest because of its popularity among students , faculty , staff , alumni and donors .
Leading up to the protest , the group created a set of demands advocating for the implementation of mandatory classes in Africana studies , gender studies and racial discussion , as well as a stricter implementation of the code of conduct . The group has not yet sent its set of demands to the university .
Wastcoat said there has been much contention since the protest began .
Similar to the response to Kaepernick 's original action , the Lehigh protest has been criticized for anti-patriotic sentiment by some members of the university . Dickens , Royal and Matthews-Alvarado , whose fathers are all veterans , disagree with that opinion .
Royal said his father , who fought in the Middle East for nearly four years , risked his safety so Americans can have the freedom to speak their minds and live as they want to live , as long as they do n't harm others .
After the protest campaign posters were displayed , Wastcoat received a number of messages , some lauding the idea and others questioning her position in the protest as a white student .
“ I am aware I do not personally have experience facing these microaggressions , facing racism , ” Wastcoat said . “ I just know that it is wrong , and I want to help do something about it . ”
Ironically , the reactions made in the wake of the protest echo the lack of racial empathy and awareness Take A Knee LU is focused on .
The protest did not receive the recognition or the notoriety expected by some of the participants . Some of the protest participants said they are skeptical as to whether or not their actions left an impression on the campus .
However , Dickens said their actions were valuable .
“ As a group who took the knee , I feel like we valued what we were doing and we knew the purpose behind it , ” Dikens said . “ As a group , we were together . ”
The heart of the LU movement is rooted in the need for change on campus and the determination to pursue change , as the alternative endangers the lives of people of color and divides the country .
“ I 'm tired of being passive , ” Royal said . “ More and more each day , ( action ) seems like a necessity . I ca n't just keep watching this and not have any sort of input . I 'm taking a knee because I feel like I ca n't afford not to anymore . ”
Your smartphone could hold the key to your life makeover .
Clean up your inbox
Is your inbox groaning under the weight of marketing emails you signed up for and promptly forgot about ? Unroll.me is a good way to declutter your email inbox and make sure you can find email that is actually important . It 's a matter of downloading the app , logging into your chosen email address , and allowing To Unroll.me to scan all your email to find subscriptions . In the space of a couple of minutes , I 'd unsubscribed to 88 newsletters , and “ rolled up ” another 26 , which drops them into a daily digest of the emails sent by Unroll.me every day . Less inbox clutter , less stress , much easier to find the important stuff . It supports Google , Yahoo , iCloud , Outlook . com and AOL email accounts .
Another option is Filtr , which scans your Gmail account , finds frequent senders to your account and allows you to schedule when these will arrive in your inbox . That way you can keep less important emails out of your inbox until the end of the day , when you might have more time to deal with them , and allow more urgent requests to take priority .
Clean up your home
Maybe you need more than a metaphorical spring clean of your life . That 's when Hassle . com is a very handy thing to know about . You can book a cleaner to come the very next day and tackle some of the tasks you would either rather not , or do n't have time for .
If you prefer to do things yourself , you could take a look at FlyLadyPlus , which provides a list of routines that can help you get your home and life in order . You can sign up for the premium courses that teach you all you need to know about organising your home , or you can go to the FlyLady website ( flylady.net ) and look up the specifics on the various tasks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Air your dirty laundry
In a similar vein to Hassle.com is Laundrie . The app allows you to arrange for your laundry or dry cleaning to be picked up at a time and ( Dublin-focused ) location that suits you . They will then take it all away , sort it out and return it , again at a time and location that suits you . Another option is Laundryheap.ie . Like , Laundrie , the service is available in limited areas , but if you 're outside , Dublin , check out Sproose .
Sort out your life goals
Let 's face it , we all need a bit of help to get motivated and change our lives from time to time . Coach.me focuses on building habits and tracking your goals , presumably with the idea that it will help you to form the habits to the point where you no longer need the app to prompt you . You can set up a range of goals , from personal growth and improving your relationships , to learning a new skill and eating healthily or quitting a bad habit you 've picked up .
Rein in your spending
The dreaded B word : Budget . It 's something we should probably all look at but the idea of making a budget and having to stick to it is just so dull . Wally , an app that will help you track your spending and stick to your goals . Every expense is recorded , you can scan receipts and see where all your money is going , plus how much you are projected to save each month . The app will also predict your future behaviour , once you give it enough information .
News this week that a Bay Area non-profit 's dream of draining the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir got a welcome boost in the courts hit readers like a stick to a hornet 's nest . They loved the news . They hated the news . They hated the people who loved the news .
The long-running battle over the reservoir pits environmentalists in favor of removing the dam and restoring the valley to its natural state against many others , including a lot of San Francisco residents who depend on Hetch Hetchy for their drinking water .
As my colleague Paul Rogers wrote in this newspaper , members of the nonprofit Restore Hetch Hetchy have long argued in court that the reservoir in Yosemite National Park , built in 1923 , violates California 's constitution . They said in their lawsuit that state law “ requires water to be diverted in a ‘ reasonable ' way , and there are other places to store Hetch Hetchy 's water that are n't in a national park . ”
The group is pursuing its appeal this morning in the Fifth District Court of Appeal in Fresno .
In the meantime , look what folks on both sides of the issue are saying :
From Mike Smith :
“ In the real world , we have to balance the costs and benefits . Perhaps the creation of the Hetch Hetchy reservoir had some detrimental impact on the environment . But it has also delivered huge benefits to California including significant water and electricity supply . Hopefully the court will examine the benefits . I was encouraged to read that the courts did exactly that in the case where a number of cities are suing Big Oil over the alleged CO2 damage : We needed oil and fossil fuels to get from 1859 to the present . Yes , that 's causing global warming . But against that negative , we need to weigh-in the larger benefits that have flowed from the use of fossil fuels . It 's been a huge , huge benefit , ' Judge Alsup from the U.S. District Court in San Francisco said . ”
From “ Taxpayer : ”
“ Tell these people to go back to their Subaru 's , Birkenstocks , hug a redwood tree and leave these decisions up to grown ups . ”
From Dana Garcia :
“ This is crazy talk . Have these ‘ environmentalists ' forgotten about the crushing 5-year drought that ended just a couple years back ? California 's population is now 40 million : we therefore need all possible water storage . ”
From Rick Jones :
“ What arguably should happen is that Hetch Hetchy should be retained and additional storage capacity be created in the California water system as a whole . If Restore Hetch Hetchy 's desires is based solely on the picturesque nature of the Valley then it is strictly vanity . If it is based on habitat alteration and other , similar concerns , then presumably they should be fighting to have all the reservoirs removed . ”
And , finally , these words from “ Mondo Mutiny : ”
Actor Uma Thurman has accused movie producer Harvey Weinstein of sexually assaulting her at a London hotel after they worked together on the 1994 hit film Pulp Fiction .
In a New York Times article on Saturday by columnist Maureen Dowd , Thurman broke her silence after saying last October she would wait to speak out about inappropriate behaviour in the workplace because she did not want to say anything in anger .
US actor Uma Thurman ( yellow dress ) , US director Quentin Tarantino ( centre , in front ) and US producer Harvey Weinstein ( third right ) arrive for a screening of the film Sils Maria at the 67th Cannes Film Festival in Cannes , France , in 2014 . Thurman is perhaps best known for her roles in Pulp Fiction and the Kill Bill films , directed by Tarantino and produced by Weinstein . File photograph : Valery Hache/AFP/Getty Images
Thurman became the latest of more than 70 women who have accused 65-year-old Weinstein of sexual misconduct , including rape . A spokeswoman for Weinstein said on Saturday that he had apologised to Thurman for making an “ awkward pass ” at her 25 years ago , but that her claims about being physically assaulted were untrue .
In the Times article , Thurman ( 47 ) , said Weinstein pushed her down when she met him in his suite at London 's Savoy Hotel .
‘ Unpleasant things '
“ He tried to shove himself on me . He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me , ” she told the newspaper .
Asked for further comment by Reuters , a representative for Thurman said the Times article spoke for itself .
A spokeswoman for Weinstein said in a statement that he was saddened and puzzled as to why someone he considers a colleague and friend had waited so long to make the allegations public .
“ Mr Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms Thurman in England after misreading her signals , after a flirtatious exchange in Paris , for which he immediately apologised and deeply regrets , ” the spokeswoman said . “ However , her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue . ”
The spokeswoman said Weinstein 's attorney , Ben Brafman , would issue a more detailed response to the allegations later .
As well as starring in Pulp Fiction by director Quentin Tarantino , Thurman was the lead actor in his two-film Kill Bill action series , which were produced by Weinstein 's Miramax studio and earned more than $ 330 million at global box offices . – Reuters
Kobe Bryant 's support of the WNBA is nothing new — he 's often spotted in the front row at games — but in a new commercial for the league , he speaks about why it 's so important and how much his daughters look up to the WNBA players .
“ You have a dream , you have a goal as a kid to play basketball . As a girl , you grow up , you play basketball you 're like my goal , my ambition is to be a WNBA player , ” he said . “ … I think that really is the most important part is that women growing up and playing basketball are like ok , my career track can go like this and lead to that . I think that 's the most significant part . ”
Bryant is one of a number of NBA players to publicly voice their support for the league — among them , LeBron James said after his NBA Finals loss that he planned on watching the league over the summer and Draymond Green said last year that he “ learns more about fundamentals ” from watching the league .
Global stocks rose on the first day of 2017 , though trading volumes were thin as many major markets observed New Year 's holidays .
KEEPING SCORE : Germany 's DAX was up 0.8 percent at 11,574 and France 's CAC 40 was 0.4 percent higher at 4,883 . Italy 's FTSE MIB was up 1.5 percent at 18,520 , though trading was still suspended in the shares of Monte dei Paschi di Siena , the bank that is due to get a government bailout . Britain 's FTSE 100 , which closed at a record high on Friday , remained closed .
UPBEAT DATA : Markets were buoyed by a report showing the manufacturing sector in the 19-country eurozone grew at the fastest rate in 68 months in December . The so-called purchasing managers ' index rose to 54.9 points from 53.7 points in November . Also helping sentiment was a report published Sunday showing that China 's manufacturing sector continued to expand in December , though at a slightly slower pace than the month before .
ANALYST TAKE : `` While the eurozone seems to have ended 2016 on the up in economic terms , we are concerned that GDP growth could be increasingly hampered in 2017 by political uncertainties , '' said Howard Archer , global economist at IHS Markit . Those uncertainties include Britain 's formal start to talks to leave the European Union and elections in France and the Netherlands , where far right parties that favor leaving the euro are expected to do well .
HOLIDAY IMPACT : Trading was slow as many markets were closed to observe the New Year 's holiday . Besides Britain , markets were closed in Japan , China and Hong Kong and were due to remain shut in New York . Of those that did trade in Asia , India 's Sensex ended the day 0.1 percent lower at 26,595.45 while South Korea 's KOSPI was flat at 2,026.16 .
CURRENCIES : The dollar started the new year with broad gains in currency markets . It was at 117.30 yen , up from 117.00 the previous day . The euro was trading at $ 1.0477 , from $ 1.0443 .
Trading in several commodities , including crude oil , was closed on Monday .
Heath Vandevender watches his Trinity Christian team play in Wilmington on February 6 , 2014 . ( Photo : John Rendleman/WWAY_
FAYETTEVILLE , N.C. ( AP ) – State officials say the basketball coach and athletic director at a Fayetteville Christian school is accused of embezzling nearly $ 400,000 from the religious organization .
The Fayetteville Observer reports the N.C. Department of Revenue said 48-year-old Heath Curtis Vandevender is accused of embezzling and converting to his own use state withholding taxes totaling $ 388,422 while he was vice president at Truth Outreach Center from 2008 to 2015 .
The center also is known as Trinity Community Services in Fayetteville . Vandevender has been the varsity boys ' basketball coach and athletic director at Trinity Christian , which is part of the organization .
Vandevender is jailed in Wake County on a $ 50,000 bond . The charges resulted from an investigation by a special agent with the department . It 's not known if he has an attorney .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
2/14/2017 1:21:45 PM ( GMT -5:00 )
Price : £24.99
Developer : Undead Labs
Publisher : Microsoft
Platform ( s ) : PC ( Windows ) , Xbox One
Version Reviewed : Xbox One X
'When hell is full the dead will walk the earth . '
The dead , in the case of Undead Labs ' State of Decay 2 , have been walking the earth for a good long while before you 're involved . The zombie apocalypse has well and truly apocalypsed , and instead State of Decay centres on the logistics of actually surviving a world where the shambling dead are at the top of the food chain .
State of Decay 2 is a game about these logistical survival details . While it is possible to be killed by zombies , it 's more likely you 'll be killed thanks to a lack of medical supplies to treat infections , or a lack of food to keep everyone fed . Even when you are killed in combat , it 's often due to mismanagement somewhere : you 've run out of gas to escape , taken out a fatigued character instead of resting them , or , perhaps , just failed to keep track of how much noise you were making , drawing in hordes from all over town .
The focus on these smaller systems is obvious , and it 's unfortunate because while they would be a great underpinning for a solid action game , here they pull focus away from essential parts like the combat , the shooting , or the driving . State of Decay 2 is a game about fetching things , and while that would be okay if it felt good to get out there and fetch things , playing the game is actually quite mundane .
It 's a mundaneness that sneaks up on you , because at first it appears the developers have done a lot of things right . Starting the game , you 're encouraged to pick two survivors who have a narrative relationship , before guiding them through an introduction that trains you in the game 's basics while also fleshing out the characters . Then you get dumped into one of three big open maps and are told to find a house to set up in .
Then it becomes a fairly rote survival game . It 's probably the best zombie survival game out there , but after the first hour or so it becomes abundantly clear that it is n't fleshed out enough yet . It 's exactly like the open-ended content added in State of Decay 's Breakdown DLC , but that was a fun curio whereas this is the meat of the main game . By the time I hit ten hours , I felt more like a delivery driver than a hard-bitten survivor , pulling my car up outside a supermarket , bagging up some food , tossing it in the boot of the car and driving back to base .
At night , things become much more dangerous , but dangerous is good because the game is never as exciting as when you 're vaulting out of a window to escape a crowd or clambering to the top of a vehicle with your hard-earned gains to try and find a way to get out with the goods ( and your life ) . Sadly , these exciting moments are all too rare .
However , there are several things in the game that I adored , despite my general disinterest in the game 's systems and gameplay . The individual character development system , which sees characters level up in individual skills before being given a selection of perks to decide from , lets you customise your entire settlement for a mix between beefy tanks , stealthy swordsman , assault rifle wielding commandos , or even sneaky snipers . There are a lot of different perks , and quickly every survivor in your little enclave has a role to fill and a unique play-style to get the most out of their abilities . This system is remarkable and the game 's crowning achievement .
This plays into State of Decays 2 's permadeath mechanic too , meaning that when someone is dead you lose a unique character - through mechanics if not narrative . You 're encouraged to shuffle and switch them because of how long it takes to rest and recover from injury , but even if you can avoid harm , eventually the character you play as will get fatigued , mandating a change to someone else , which keeps things interesting , except for the rare moments when you ca n't actually play any of the good guys and you need to try and take your base doctor out to kill zombies , adding an extra level of panic to the proceedings .
I also got a kick out of the base-building , which sees you converting your hideout to something capable of supporting a small community . There are a lot of interesting strategic decisions here : Fresh water is a massive boon , but power will let you put the lights on at night . Meanwhile , a watch-tower and an armed survivor could help keep the area around your base safe . However , you can rarely fit everything you want in one place , and each large facility that you add to your limited space makes more noise .
Noise , considering you 're trying not to alert the city full of ravenous creatures to your location , is often bad .
Across the board , State of Decay 2 is an improvement on the previous game . The gunplay feels more fluid , and there 's more heft to the melee combat . However , it 's still not enough to make the game feel engaging , something that immediately becomes a large issue as soon as you realise the game functions as one big fetch quest : While you 're fetching a variety of different items , the way you 'll do it is identical .
For a lot of people , this wo n't be an issue . State of Decay 2 does a good job of conveying what it wants to convey : the harsh existence a group of humans might face after the zombies rise up and take the earth . Unfortunately , that causes friction when it rubs up against the action sensibilities of the title .
Thing is , surviving in the wasteland is n't all that much fun . It 's all work and no play . That makes State of Decay 2 a very dull game . Which is a shame , because there are plenty of good ideas wrapped up here in the murky soup .
By Akintola Benson-Oke
AN unknown author wisely observed that , “ In absence of clearly defined goals , we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia. ” The famous genius , Albert Einstein said , “ If I had an hour to solve a problem , I 'd spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and 5 minutes thinking about solutions. ” Also , William A . Foster noted that , “ Quality is never an accident ; it is always the result of high intention , sincere effort , intelligent direction and skillful execution ; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives. ” And , of course , popular wisdom says that only the unwise embarks on a journey without a map .
At the end of any rigorous enquiry , one finds that to have an effective strategy is half the battle and to effectively manage a good strategy is everything . This is evident from the writings of Aristotle to the compiled wisdom of Oriental philosophers such as Sun Tzu , and from the ancient history of Europe to regnant modern-day business philosophies .
Indeed , the importance and indispensability of strategy , strategic planning , and strategic management has been proved and validated over the years and , in fact , over the centuries . This is why , in pursuit of the vision of the administration of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode for the Lagos State Civil Service , enormous value and investment have been given to the impartation of knowledge and skills .
Those who have carefully followed the programmes of the Governor will rightly identify this training as critical to realising an essential piece in the jigsaw of organisational productivity . Since assumption of office in 2015 , the Ambode administration has exposed Lagos State Civil Servants to a number of workshops designed to increase , and in some cases , deepen the soft skills essential for success in a 21st century public service . These include soft skills such as office etiquettes , communications skills , office relationship skills , emotional intelligence skills , and problem-solving skills , amongst others .
The Ambode administration also identified the ministries , departments , and agencies where core new hard skills were needed , and initiated trainings and workshops required to augment skills and knowledge in these ministries , departments , and agencies . Furthermore , the administration 's strategy for retooling the Lagos State Civil Service led to the exposure of a number of officers and officials to international trainings for the purpose of obtaining the comparative knowledge that will stand them in good stead to aspire to global best practices while pursuing the objectives of the Lagos State Civil Service .
After engaging in all of the above , why is it necessary to now emphasise and teach the values and benefits of strategic planning ? It is precisely because strategic planning is the essential piece in the puzzle to institutionalise the framework for productivity in the Lagos State Civil Service . I will emphasise three concepts that have been suggested and , in fact , established as sine qua non components of any strategic planning framework . Thereafter , I will give an overview of the best practices for the development and implementation of a strategic plan for institutions such as the Lagos State Civil Service .
The first of the components is the understanding of , and adherence to , a thought-out code of corporate governance . It has been said that an effective organization is often one that has initiated programmes and services within its structure that ensure open communication , good management and effective leadership .
Without these hallmarks of corporate governance , it is difficult to plan strategically because the basic framework of goal-setting and decision-making are missing . Setting up a control and reporting mechanism is also important to strategic management as part of a wider corporate governance push . This allows the organization to make changes when they are needed to constantly monitor its own progress .
The second component is the identification of , and capitalisation on , an organisation 's or department 's core competencies . As Edward Russell-Walling notes in his book , 50 Management Ideas You Really Need to Know , a core competency has three key factors : it is not easy for others to duplicate , your organisation , department , or unit can use it in a number of different products or services , and it provides a benefit to your customers .
Thus , each department and unit of the Lagos State Civil Service needs to identify and capitalise on its core competencies . These competencies then have to be developed and enhanced . After this , the public service must ensure that the competencies are not unnecessarily duplicated unless when compelled by exigencies .
The third component of strategic planning is a framework for creating and adhering to clearly defined set of goals for the organisation . Knowing what your core competencies are is good from the standpoint of understanding your strengths in the global scheme of things , but this also helps you to identify areas for improvement and set goals and objectives based on those weaknesses .
If you know , for instance , that your department is lagging behind in utilizing the power of the Internet to serve our esteemed citizens , one of your goals can be to revitalize or introduce an online platform to connect or communicate with the segment of the population that your department serves . Importantly , the goals set should be measurable , specific and have a time frame attached to them . Setting goals in this way helps to strategically position the organisation for continuing and future successes .
Pierre Bertrand is an organisational efficiency consultant who has done extensive work with public institutions and not-for-profit entities . In a recently-published article , he argues that anyone who has experience in managing organisations understands the importance of excellence in strategic planning . He further stated that “ every few years , or at least upon the occurrence of a fundamental change in the organisation , it is essential to sit back with the right internal and external stakeholders and take stock of where the organisation has come from , where it currently stands , and where it is going in light of its opportunities and challenges . ”
Based on this consultant 's approach and experience , I would like to suggest the following five key practices to developing and implementing excellence in strategic planning in an institution such as the Lagos State Civil Service :
( a ) The first key practice is to have a plan to develop and implement the strategic plan . Like any major project , it is essential to have objectives , a timeline , a budget and the right leader ( s ) and team to develop the strategic plan . Many planning exercises have been sub-optimised , derailed and / or delayed simply due to the lack of planning .
( b ) Strategic planning should involve the right people . Building on the first point , the decision makers should take the time to think about and engage the right people both internally and externally in the development of the plan . In order to do this , a list of officers , advisers , and specialists ( such as management consultants , accountants and lawyers ) whose expertise and experience will be essential to the successful development and implementation of the plan should be made . This larger group may then be divided into core teams that will be fundamentally involved in all aspects of the plan and will also form supporting rings of other stakeholders who are brought in as required to tap their knowledge and build engagement .
Ideally , all officers should participate in the exercise at some point in order to identify and develop solutions to the organisation 's main current and potential challenges . This could be done in team exercises scheduled over the necessary number of half-days . The staff should be kept informed of the progress of the entire planning project .
It is also important to make the planning process enjoyable . Although often unavoidable due to time and budget constraints , try to avoid all-day planning sessions because people lose interest and effectiveness after a half-day . Team leaders should be wisely selected and their ability to engage staff and stakeholders should be carefully considered . It must also be ensured that time is built into the process for veterans at all levels of the organization to share their knowledge of the organisation 's history and culture . Have them give five to ten minutes ' presentations of these stories . This is often particularly appreciated by those who are new to the organization and also adds to the learning benefits of the planning process .
( c ) The time necessary must be allocated but a hard due-date must be set . Building on the first two points , organisations should not be tempted to circumvent the time and involvement necessary to develop an excellent strategic plan . Such circumvention will result in plans that fail to engage , fail to be implemented and fail to provide focused and wise direction . At the same time , organisations should not fall into the trap of the other extreme , which is a planning process that drags on forever and thereby loses steam and effectiveness .
It is therefore important to have a clear deadline , as well as the necessary leadership to ensure the timeline is met and that all participants properly prioritise the process during the months that will be required to complete it .
( d ) The plan must be implementable , operable and subject to reviews . According to Pierre Bertrand , probably the most frequent problem with strategic plans is that they are developed at a high level with great analysis and recommendations but without sufficient thought being given to implementation and ongoing operations and review . The result is that those in charge of implementation then have to figure out how to implement and operate with strategic initiatives and performance measures and objectives that are impossible to carry out . Timelines and budgets have to be revisited , plans are delayed , and staff can become discouraged .
The main reason for this problem is either that people working on the plan do not have sufficient experience with implementation , operations and review or are not provided with sufficient time to fully develop the plan and/or are simply not interested in building the plan out fully .
The best way to avoid this problem is to involve senior officers and outside experts who have sufficient experience with implementation , operations and review , and ensure the plan is critically analyzed by them . Provide these officers and experts with the right support to ensure they are not hesitant to be constructively critical of high-level recommendations that are not feasible in terms of time , budget and effectiveness or that have not been sufficiently thought-out .
( e ) Iterate until it is done . Plans have to be iterated . No one can develop an excellent plan in one sitting or writing . Plans need to be re-worked at least 2-3 times , and often more , with enough input from the team involved to ensure that the plan is comprehensive and workable . People with sufficient experience in management will understand that managing an organisation is a constant balancing act of all its key functions , resources and processes . A strategic plan must address all of these diverse elements in order to assess how each strategic initiative will impact the key management functions , resources and processes .
Dr. Akintola , Benson Oke ,
Honourable Commissioner , Lagos State Ministry of Establishments , Training and Pensions .
No slam , not this time at least ; and Jordan Spieth – his attempt to become the youngest ever custodian of all four Major titles in a career – left Quail Hollow aware that it would be in a year 's time , at Bellerive Country Club in St Louis , that would present the next opportunity for him to claim a Wanamaker Trophy .
After that ? Well , the US PGA switches to its new May date for the 2019 championship at Bethpage on Long Island , New York ... and it could well be that that earlier slot in the season will benefit Spieth 's quest to become a member of that elite club which is made up of five greats : Jack Nicklaus , Tiger Woods , Gary Player , Gene Sarazen and Ben Hogan .
As it was , Spieth went into the final round aware that his quest had already run its course . Walking off the 18th green – a final round 70 for 286 left him with a top-35 finish – Spieth 's caddie , Michael Greller , put his arm around his player 's shoulders .
“ Hey , just want you to know that 's a great year in the Majors , ” said his bagman .
“ Buddy , we won one of the Majors . I understand that 's a great year in the Majors , ” replied Spieth – the British Open champion .
He added : “ Michael almost thinks I 'm disappointed maybe with how this week went . But we won a Major .
Chance
“ We had a chance to win at Augusta , too ... here , I did n't have a chance to win , which is a downer . But overall , when I look back on the year in the Major championships , shoot , it was fantastic .
“ If I did this every year I would go down as the greatest ever to play the game . I need to look at it that way , and I am . ”
He added : “ If I did n't have a chance to win a Major in a year then I would be disappointed at the end of the year . Winning them is so difficult to do that you can have a fantastic year without winning a Major . ”
Maybe some year that will happen again , but he can walk away from Quail Hollow knowing that while he had never got into this race he had won the claret jug at Royal Birkdale .
How can I keep reading ?
You 've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers .
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month .
No obligation , cancel any time .
With one of her girlfriends , she went to a college dance . He went with one of his buddies .
He asked her to dance . She said yes .
“ And we danced all night , ” she said .
The year was 1955 , and so began the love story of Nancy and Kjell ( pronounced like “ shell ” ) Pedersen of Fort Wayne .
Their tale would lead to marriage the next year , a mechanical engineering job for him at International Harvester in Fort Wayne , three sons and a lifetime together .
Their love match was one of eight celebrated Tuesday at Kjell 's new home at Kingston Care Center in Fort Wayne , where the staff annually goes all out for Valentine 's Day ,
The center on East Dupont Road specializes in caring for people with Alzheimer 's disease and dementia . And , for more than 10 years , the holiday has been made a time when residents and their spouses can relax , reminisce and enjoy the most important relationship in their lives .
Providing that kind of opportunity is especially important because when a person develops Alzheimer 's , a spouse often becomes the long-term caretaker , said Danielle Sorg , the center 's executive director .
“ The idea is to make a special day for them , ” she said , because having a partner with Alzheimer 's can be very stressful , especially having to watch as the person declines .
“ This is just a day to relax and enjoy being with their loved one … and be pampered , ” Sorg said .
If there was ever any doubt that love can endure , it was not in evidence around Tuesday 's lunch table .
The sunny room was decorated with flowers , hearts and a Valentine-themed balloon . Lunch , served by a wait staff , included shrimp cocktail , steak and cheesecake with a drizzle of chocolate and a strawberry on top for dessert .
The eight couples feted at the center had a combined 44 years of marriage , said Jill Headrick , center spokeswoman . Most of the non­affected spouses visit nearly every day , she said .
Judy Rutsey , 78 , of Fort Wayne is one . “ I need to come and say ‘ Hello , ' ” she said .
She turned to her husband Gene , 84 , and asked , “ Do you love me ? ”
“ NO ! ” he replied .
“ That 's what I love about him – his sense of humor , ” she said . “ And he has sparkly eyes . ”
Nancy Pedersen , 83 , a former nursery school teacher , recalled that the ballroom where she and her Norwegian-native husband-to be , now 83 , shared their first dance had a sparkly ball twirling overhead .
There was a big band playing , she said , and 11 months later , on June 30 , 1956 , the two got married .
“ If you say so , ” Kjell said . “ I let her do the dates . ”
rsalter @ jg.net
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Blue Tomato just released Kalle Ohlson 's full part and it 's a banger . Start 2017 right and treat your eyeballs to some stylish Swedish street snowboarding , meatballs sold separately .
Kalle Ohlson spent the winter filming with his long time homies in Pirate Movie Productions and cranked out some seriously slick footage .
His full part is beautifully shot and features a huge selection of creative street spots from all over Scandinavia , and from shipping yards to factories , Kalle 's got a trick for it . Check it out now !
In a new “ web series ” , Chris Hemsworth plays Thor who moves to Australia and takes on a roommate .
Continuing to promote the upcoming “ Thor : Ragnarok ” , Chris Hemsworth plays Thor taking on a new roommate in this parody new “ web series ” .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The only man to be criminally charged in the San Bernardino terror attack has agreed to plead guilty to providing the high-powered rifles used to kill 14 people and injure nearly two dozen others and to plotting a mass killing with the gunman that they never carried out , court records say .
Enrique Marquez Jr. , 25 , of Riverside , admitted in a plea agreement released Tuesday that he bought the assault rifles used by Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife , Tashfeen Malik , in the Dec. 2 , 2015 , attack at a public health agency . Farook and Malik were later killed in a gunfight with authorities .
Marquez also agreed to plead guilty to making false statements when he purchased the firearms used in the attack .
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a “ straw buyer ” when he purchased two AR-15 rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino . Prosecutors have said Marquez agreed to buy the weapons because the attackers feared Farook 's Middle Eastern appearance might arouse suspicion . Prosecutors said there is no evidence Marquez participated in the San Bernardino massacre or had advance knowledge of it .
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway , though those attacks never occurred .
Federal officials said the duo had envisioned halting traffic on state Route 91 with explosives and then firing at trapped motorists , or tossing pipe bombs into a crowded cafeteria at Riverside City College .
Marquez said he backed out of the plot after four men in the area about 60 miles inland from Los Angeles were arrested on terrorism charges in late 2012 , the FBI has said in court documents .
“ While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed , the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center , ” U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said Tuesday .
Marquez , who could face up to 25 years in prison , is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday . His attorney did n't immediately respond to messages seeking comment .
Mandy Pifer , whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack , said the plea agreement brought mixed emotions .
“ It 's a hell of a day to come out , Valentine 's Day , ” the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said . “ I 'm relieved that it wo n't be a long trial . If it 'll be finished sooner , I 'm all for it . ”
She said she planned to speak at Marquez 's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend 's killing has had on her . In his last moments , Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table , shielding her from the bullets .
“ It is what it is , ” she said . “ Nothing 's going to bring him back . ”
Marquez and Farook first met in 2005 after Marquez moved next door to Farook 's family in Riverside , about 55 miles east of downtown Los Angeles , officials said . The then-teens would meet in Farook 's garage and Farook , a Muslim , began educating his new friend about his religion . Marquez converted and became a Muslim in 2007 .
The FBI said the two began discussing extremist views shortly after Marquez converted . By late 2011 , Marquez spent most of his time at Farook 's home , where he read Inspire magazine , an official publication of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula ; watched videos produced by al-Qaida 's affiliate in Somalia ; and studied radical material online , federal officials said .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Rescue operation continues at a school where more children are believed to be buried on September 20 , 2017 in Mexico City , Mexico . ( Photo by The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images )
She captured our hearts . Still a child but old enough , at 12 , to understand the signals relayed to her deep inside the rubble of the Mexico City school that had crumbled all around her . Too young to die , and smart enough to tap back : here , down here , over here , where the kitchen was . She was safe , but trapped beneath a granite table . Could she wait ? Yes . As day turned to night and then another day , as dazed and wounded classmates were pulled to safety and handed to ecstatic parents , she waited . As the remaining parents held back their sobs and brigades of rescuers carved and clawed their way through the mound of broken walls and floors and ceilings , she waited . Word came that she had moved her fingers , that milk was being sent to her by straw . Hourly bulletins confirmed that she was still alive . The painstaking effort to save her became a race against the clock .
And then , as silence enfolded the ruins of her school and the lifeless forms of other children were brought to the surface , as light turned once more to dark , the girl beneath the rubble , inexplicably identified now with the double name Frida Sofía , underwent an astonishing metamorphosis : long before her rescue , she became the poster child of the earthquake .
ICYMI : NYTimes reporter gets candid about emotional toll of covering Trump
Of course her name was Frida . Like so many Mexican girls of her generation , she had been named after Frida Kahlo , one of the great artists of the 20th century and a national icon known to every schoolchild in the country . One day , like her famous namesake , she too might paint or dance or write . Mexico would be her stage . So young , and she was already a heroine , an example .
Having spent many years in Mexico , I held my breath with the millions who were rooting for that little girl . As the mother of a daughter , I felt the anguish of her silent parents . There were other children trapped beneath the collapsed school and hundreds of other victims still unaccounted for across the city and in villages closer to the epicenter of the quake . But Frida was the one whose name we knew , the one who was more than a statistic .
Although the school supplied no photographs , we understood the need for privacy and tact at a time when other families were grieving . While crews of photographers and journalists from around the world waited for their first glimpse of the young survivor , it was easy to imagine her . With her dark hair and big eyes , fragile and thirsty in the glare of the cameras and searchlights , doubtless in shock from her ordeal , our girl would nonetheless manage a brave smile as her weeping parents , restrained by rescuers and medics , strained to embrace the daughter of their dreams .
* * *
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
WE TURN TO FICTION for many reasons—to entertain , distract , elevate or escape . We read for realism , for magic or , at times , for the intoxicating blend of both : magical realism . Sometimes the stories we read or tell ourselves are set squarely in the present and on familiar turf . Fiction also can transport us to other countries , other worlds , and even to the far future or the distant past . But the one thing most of us seem to require of stories—whether written , acted , sung , or filmed—is a satisfying ending . Not necessarily a happy one , since even children nowadays have lost their innocence and no longer expect to hear that “ they all lived happily ever after. ” Still , as readers or viewers , we expect a final scene or at least a closing shot or sentence that resolves the story line , even if the ending is tragic or uncertain . But the story of Frida has no ending .
Two days after the quake , the authorities announced , rather unceremoniously and without assigning blame , that Frida did not exist and never had . There was no girl alive in the rubble , and no girl by that name enrolled in the school that had imploded from the quake , killing 21 children and four adults .
Unlike the hundreds of other casualties in Mexico City and beyond , Frida did not die in the quake . She exited this world as gently and quietly as a wisp of smoke , a simple exhalation . Who was she then , and what are we to make of her brief but intense existence ?
Was her story , as many now contend , a hoax ? A lie ? A fraud ? A fabrication ? The growing anger of Mexicans is understandable when hundreds of rescuers risked their lives to save her and millions spent days and nights on social networks posting words of encouragement that the phantom girl would never hear or see .
Was Frida the product of a deliberate conspiracy peddled by the media colossus Televisa , whose reports from the scene were repeated and amplified by the country 's major newspapers and websites and even some from abroad ? A cynical ploy to distract the masses when the quake had already revealed yet again for all to see the shoddy construction for which Mexico is known ? Thirty-two years to the day after the cataclysmic 1985 quake that some say killed upwards of 20,000 people in Mexico City alone , Mexican commentators are already seeing her as a symbol of everything that is still wrong with their country .
Embed from Getty Images
With each passing hour , as columnists , sociologists , and psychologists weigh in and blame begins to be cast , Frida risks becoming a synonym for corruption and deceit . I have even seen in the Mexican press the coinage of a derogatory new term : “ a Frida ” being used to designate a scam .
But rather than accusing the government of manufacturing the story as a coverup for incompetence or graft ; rather than attacking the media for purveying a sop to the millions of anguished Mexicans who were glued to their TVs and social media as the scale of the disaster became clear ; and certainly rather than accusing those legions of well-meaning , compassionate Mexicans of falling for a story that from the outset was suspiciously unfounded ( “ fake news ” ? ) , I am inclined to place the story of Frida in another light . As a writer of novels , I know that fiction can often point us to a place of greater truth .
TRENDING : An analysis of Vegas shooting headlines reveals unsettling trends
That means that sometimes , often unwittingly , we tell ourselves the stories we need to hear . And we believe them . Sometimes even made-up stories , just as convincingly as the best journalism , can deliver facts we might otherwise not know and reveal complexities we might otherwise not see .
There are thousands of genuine survivors of the quake , not only in Mexico City but in the hard-hit states of Morelos , Puebla , and Guerrero . Dozens if not hundreds of their names and tales will emerge in the coming days , along with denunciations of buildings erected in violation of the country 's housing codes , of bribed inspectors and truckloads of aid appropriated by greedy officials . When the last families have been notified , portraits of the dead will also appear in the Mexican media and life will begin to resume , as it always does in the aftermath of such disasters .
Embed from Getty Images
But Frida will live on , and I would prefer to see her story not as a tale of crass deception ( although there is reason to believe that some reporters knowingly transmitted false information ) but rather as proof of the most transcendent human need : to believe in something greater than ourselves and more enduring—hope . To reduce her story to a media concoction or disparage it as a collective hallucination , as some psychologists would do , is to deny the essence of that truth .
In recent weeks , the world has seen that the true heroes of this quake and the one that struck two weeks before in the states of Oaxaca and Chiapas are the hundreds of thousands of Mexicans who poured into the streets from Mexico City to the rubble-filled villages near the famous volcanoes , who risked their lives as first responders in the face of official ineptitude , and who emptied their shelves and stripped the blankets from their beds to offer immediate aid to those made homeless by the quake . It is these people , with their astounding reserves of dignity , generosity , and courage , whose story remains to be told and who still wonder , as Mexican journalist Elena Poniatowska eloquently asks in La Jornada , when they will finally see a government worthy of their hope .
In that light , rather than consigning Frida ( or Frida Sofía ) to the realm of fantasy or lies and berating ourselves for believing she existed , we should embrace her with all her multiple , contradictory meanings and include her in the story of the quake of September 19 , 2017 .
TRENDING : Site sparks uproar on social media with Vegas massacre headline
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Magda Bogin is a New York-based novelist and literary translator . She is the founder and director of Under the Volcano , an international writing program that convenes every January in Tepoztlán , a village close to the epicenter of the September 20 , 2017 quake .
WASHINGTON — Consumer groups have long denounced the influence of big banks and for-profit companies on agency rulemakings , often pointing to the number of meetings held between regulators and institutions about a proposal . Now , in an ironic twist , payday lenders and supporters of mandatory arbitration are using the same tactic in accusing the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau of disproportionately favoring consumer groups at the expense of industry .
House Republicans and payday lending groups are hoping to use so-called ex parte communications with consumer groups as a basis for an eventual lawsuit against the mandatory arbitration and small-dollar lending rules . ( The mandatory arbitration rule was finalized in July , while the payday lending rule is expected to be released soon . )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Roma would demand 90million euros ( £79million ) from Liverpool for goalkeeper Alisson , according to the Guardian .
The Italian club plan to resist Liverpool 's advances until at least after the World Cup and are looking at offering the 25-year-old a pay rise in order to tempt him to stay .
Liverpool may be put off by the fee , reports say .
Real Madrid will offer competition to Liverpool in the race to sign AS Roma goalkeeper this summer , reports say .
Los Blancos have been tentatively linked with the Brazil international in recent months , but South American football expert Tim Vickery confirmed their interest in the shot-stopper , per Sky Sports News : `` I understand he is very happy at Roma but there is interest not only from Liverpool but from Real Madrid too .
`` The asking price could increase or decrease depending on what happens during the World Cup .
`` He 's an excellent goalkeeper .
`` Brazil stuck with him last season when he spent almost the entire season on the bench for Roma .
`` This season people have seen what a great goalkeeper he is .
`` If he wants it , it looks like the options will be there to move on after the World Cup . ''
Liverpool 's new signing Fabinho hopes to follow the example of compatriot Roberto Firmino in not only adapting quickly to life in England but taking his game to the next level .
The midfielder , who will officially join from Monaco on July 1 in a deal worth up to £43.7million , spoke extensively with his Brazil team-mate about Anfield and life on Merseyside before his move .
Fabinho admits Firmino 's raised performance levels have not gone unnoticed and he wants to follow the same path .
“ I 've been following Liverpool for a few years , in particular since Firmino arrived , ” he told LFCTV .
“ After he arrived here he was able to achieve higher development at this football club . Because he had success , I hope the same happens to me .
“ We spoke a bit more about the infrastructure of the club , the city and we also spoke about the coaches and how they do their work so I was able to know a bit more about Liverpool through Firmino .
“ I had been with him at the Brazilian national team on a few occasions . I know he 's a fantastic person , his background is from nice people .
“ He is also very good for someone who comes to a new country , a new city – someone who speaks the same language .
“ This will of course make the adaptation much easier . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Fabinho could well be joined by another Brazil team-mate if , as expected manager Jurgen Klopp looks to upgrade his goalkeeper this summer .
The position has been the subject of debate since before Klopp arrived in October 2015 , but Loris Karius ' mistakes in the Champions League final have intensified the scrutiny .
Klopp has an interest in Roma 's Alisson , although he could face paying a premium for a player valued at £60million , with the Italian club having been burned by last summer 's forced £38million sale of Mohamed Salah to the Reds in order to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations .
Liverpool moved quickly to get the Fabinho deal done virtually under the radar but they have no such hope if they pursue Alisson after Roma 's sporting director Monchi was moved to speak about the goalkeeper 's situation .
“ In order for a player to leave , there have to be three elements in place – an offer , a yes from the club and from the player , ” he told Gazzetta dello Sport .
“ As of today , we have nothing of the sort . We are happy to keep him , transfer rumours are normal at this stage . ”
Speculation about a number of goalkeepers has increased following Karius ' high-profile errors in Kiev .
The 24-year-old German was at fault for Karim Benzema 's opener and Gareth Bale 's second goal in the 3-1 defeat , and former Reds midfielder Danny Murphy believes that will end his Liverpool career .
“ I actually feel sorry for him . I really do . Nobody goes into a game wanting to make mistakes , ” he told talkSPORT .
“ Unfortunately , I do n't think he 'll play in a Liverpool shirt again . It 's impossible for him .
“ I think ( with ) the magnitude of the mistakes and the enormity of the game , the supporters will struggle with him being in goal for them .
“ And the continual ribbing he will get week in , week out , wherever he goes – that 's going to be huge pressure for him .
“ I just ca n't see him playing again . That 's not being dramatic – that 's a reality of the situation . ”
We have loved servicing your pool and spa needs since 1980 . Whether you 're new to the area or have been here as long as we have , we are your professional hometown pool supplier .
Whether you have chlorine , bromine , or a new salt water pool , we can take care of you . We are salt water certified experts . Come by and bring us a water sample ! Check out our Tru-Blue Promise program . You 'll have algae-free , crystal-clear water , we promise or your money back .
On the morning after the election I was drinking coffee with one of my heroes , Sir Roger Scruton . We talked about the moment during the 1968 Paris évenéments when Scruton , who had been fairly apolitical up to that point , suddenly discovered he was a conservative .
He had watched the educated children of privilege wantonly destroying the property of their social inferiors in the name of something or other , and realised : ‘ Whatever they are for , I am against . ' That was the reason he has spent so much of his life since trying to develop a philosophy of conservatism as thorough , persuasive and enticing as the variations on Marxism so compelling to those students .
I do wish some of those kids who came out en masse for Corbyn last week would google the marvellous essay Scruton once wrote on the subject . Actually , though , I think the people who need to read it even more are the ones who 've been holding the reins of the Conservative party these past few years , plus their financial backers and apologists among the commentariat . It might remind them of something they appear pretty much to have forgotten since the Thatcher era : the key question , ‘ Why we fight ' .
Let me quote one recent example of this phenomenon : a tweet from a conservative friend and colleague — and this , mark you , after the result — describing Theresa May 's election manifesto as ‘ bold and visionary ' .
No it was n't . I read the manifesto through quite carefully . I had to because I was going to be grilled by Andrew Neil on BBC1 's This Week that evening and you do n't want to go into such an encounter unprepared . My thesis was that this Tory manifesto was so red it ought to be renamed Das Kapital . I was half joking , but what struck me forcibly as I read it was just how easy it was to find examples to make my case : worker representatives in boardrooms ; stuff about the ‘ gender pay gap ' ; the creation of a ‘ National Productivity Investment Fund'…
Yes , all water under the bridge now , you might have hoped after seven days of postmortem . Except it 's not , is it ? The impulse that led to May 's red manifesto was no different from the one that led to Cameron 's hug-a-husky nonsense or the one which , even now , is causing conservative commentators to argue that maybe May 's ‘ social justice ' agenda did n't go quite far enough .
But ‘ social justice ' is a meaningless , feel-good term designed by the left to give a faux-moral gloss to whatever because they 're currently championing . It can not , by definition , ever be an attainable conservative goal , because it was framed by leftist propagandists with the sole intention of making conservatives look nasty . The moment conservatives take such concepts seriously they 've already lost , because they 're fighting a war on the enemy 's terms .
To put it another way , if one party is offering ‘ Free cake for all , but responsibly administered , with due regard for calorie and sugar content ' and the other is offering ‘ Free cake — as much as you like , with cherries , hundreds and thousands and flavours so delicious you 'll hardly believe they could exist ' , which do you think will have more appeal ?
We 're often told that conservatives need to make their message relevant to the millennials , who see no likelihood of ever getting a foot on the housing ladder , who despair of seeing a halfway decent return on their expensive degrees , and who quietly resent the older generation for rigging the system and stealing their future . I totally agree . But it 's never going to happen until those conservatives fess up to the fact that for years they 've been part of the problem .
At the moment , it 's far too easy for the disaffected young to point at the broken system , the gulf between the 1 per cent and the rest , and say : ‘ This is why we need socialism . ' That 's because successive conservative administrations — not just in Britain — have failed to explain that the current globalist , communitarian , crony-capitalist , interventionist , central-bank-rigged stitch-up has nothing whatsoever to do with conservatism .
Not only have conservatives failed to repudiate the myth ; they 've actually gone along with it . From the money-printing that 's enriched the asset-owning class ( and driven housing ever further beyond the reach of first-time buyers ) to micro-managing such as the minimum wage , sugar taxes and the attempt to regulate the ‘ gig economy ' , Conservative governments have actively conspired against many of the principles — equality of opportunity , personal responsibility , minimal state , free markets — which are the bedrock of true conservatism .
Conservatives have made conservatism look so uninspirational , valueless , undynamic and self-hating that it 's no wonder they 're failing to capture the imaginations of the young who are not — as they 're sometimes glibly mischaracterised — stupid ; but who are most definitely passionate and idealistic .
To win the argument , conservatism must do three things . First , it must regain its intellectual coherence . It needs , for instance , to make the case that , while definitely pro-cake , it does not believe it is government 's job to provide it — not least because this will only deny opportunities to those who might prefer blancmange or a steak sandwich instead .
Secondly , it needs to regain the revolutionary zeal that Scruton captures perfectly when he says : ‘ I started as a rebel against rebellion . ' Thirdly , it needs an emotional heart : something quite different from all the patronising , touchy-feely nonsense it has been dabbling with ever since someone — I forget who — branded it the ‘ nasty party ' .
Scruton again : ‘ Conservatives are people who love something actual and want to attain it . ' Yes !
Rookie Prospects Can Mess With Your Fantasy Baseball RosterMLB has seen a lot of injuries to major stars in the last month or so , in addition to a plethora of trades . If you think those are the only things that can derail your journey to a fantasy baseball league championship , think again . Here come the rookies !
Actor/ walking charisma factory Jeff Goldblum is putting out a jazz album , Variety reports . Goldblum 's affinity for jazz piano is well known , as anyone who attended his Wednesday night performances with his band The Mildred Snitzer Orchestra at Rockwell Table & Stage in Los Angeles can tell you , but Decca Records executives took notice of the actor 's musical chops when he performed Nat King Cole 's “ Mona Lisa ” with singer Gregory Porter on The Graham Norton Show during the Thor : Ragnorak press tour .
“ We are delighted to welcome him to Decca , ” Tom Lewis , A & R director for Decca told Variety . “ He 's a fantastic jazz pianist , a great band leader and just about the loveliest man in the world . His love of jazz is infectious and whenever he plays he makes you feel very happy . ”
Goldblum , a musician since childhood , sounds equally stoked to join the label , which has put out records by greats like Louis Armstrong and Billie Holiday .
“ I 'm so happy to be in cahoots with the wonderful people at Decca , ” Goldblum said , “ one of the coolest and most prestigious labels of all time . ”
According to Los Angeles Magazine , the highlight of Goldblum 's performances lies in his stage banter and tendency to interact with the crowd . From LA Mag :
He plays a game where , with the audience 's help , he connects one film or actor to another through a human-IMDb wormhole . He plays “ Would You Rather ? , ” asking the crowd to register their vote with applause on the bangability of Paul Newman versus Robert Redford . Between songs , the show 's director , John Mastro , hands Goldblum pieces of paper with more crowd games , and the actor plays his greatest improvisatory instruments—his speaking voice and his wit—as he queries the audience on things like what hypothetical statements would constitute dating deal-breakers , and ways to “ pornify ” famous movie titles .
We have faith that the actor/Dad 's unreasonably sexy friend will translate some of that IRL charm to the record , the details of which have yet to be announced .
Dubai : The saga surrounding Manny Pacquiao 's next fight continued on Monday as the Filipino eight-division world boxing champion ran a poll on Twitter asking fans who they wanted him to fight next in the UAE .
The four options were , Amir Khan , Jeff Horn , Terence Crawford and Kell Brook , with the 30-year-old British-Pakistani Khan coming out as a resounding favourite .
Pacquiao , aged 38 , had initially been pencilled in to fight Horn in Brisbane , Australia on April 23 .
However , on Saturday , Pacquiao 's adviser Michael Koncz held a press conference in Abu Dhabi to announce that Pacquiao 's next fight would instead be taking place in the UAE .
Pacquiao appeared to confirm this on Sunday when he posted : ‘ See you in the UAE for my next fight , ' across all his social media accounts .
However , Horn 's promoter Dean Lonergan denied there had been a change in plan and said he was still close to closing a deal with Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum to stage the fight in Brisbane on April 23 . Lonergan added that only Arum had the authority to represent Pacquiao .
Ominously there has been no word from Arum , but there has also been no confirmation on a date or venue for any supposed UAE fight either .
Al Afaq Tourism were announced as the event organisers for the UAE fight in Koncz ' press conference , but no one from any local venue or sports authority knows anything about any plan to stage a fight in the UAE , and Pacquiao 's camp have left it saying only that more details would follow .
Koncz suggested in his press conference that it was up to Pacquiao and not Arum to decide on the location and opponent for his next fight .
And while at first it seemed that the opponent would still be Horn and that only the location would change , Pacquiao 's latest tweet , polling fans on who they thought his next opponent should be , makes it sound like the prospect of fighting Horn is becoming less and less likely .
In the poll Horn was the fighter that fans least wanted to see Pacquiao face out of the four options , and even Pacquiao has previously said he had never heard of the Australian .
If they do fight , Horn would be Pacquiao 's first opponent in 10 years that has n't been a current or former world champion , marking a steep decline in stock value for the Filipino , who only 22 months ago fought Floyd Mayweather Junior in a Las Vegas mega-fight , which he lost on points .
It now seems like Pacquiao is trying to back out of negotiations with Horn or at least use the speculation of a supposed UAE fight to bluff and wrangle more money out of Australia .
Without a confirmed and interested UAE financial backer however , it does n't look as though the UAE will stage that fight .
The prospect of fighting Khan might change things though . The two were sparring partners at Freddie Roaches ' Wild Card Gym in Hollywood , USA , with conflicting reports over which fighter used to come off better in training .
For some reason they 've always avoided meeting one another in the ring for real , and while Pacquiao 's camp have maintained it is because Khan is no match for Pacquiao , Khan suggests it 's because Pacquiao knows he would lose .
Either way , it 's the fight that Pacquiao 's fans most want to see in the UAE and with large Filipino , British and Pakistani expatriate populations it would also make the most sense . That said , several claims of big fights being held in the UAE have never materialised .
Poll :
As of Monday evening from over 28,000 fans polled :
Who do you want me ( Pacquiao ) to fight next in the UAE ?
Amir Khan 48 %
Jeff Horn 5 %
Terence Crawford 20 %
Kell Brook 26 %
There is a whiff of betrayal in the air across Britain 's Brexit heartlands where many impatient voters fear Prime Minister Theresa May is going soft on implementing last year 's decision to leave the European Union .
May 's gamble in calling a snap election on June 8 , only to lose her parliamentary majority , has thrown the future of Brexit into doubt and the opening rounds of divorce talks have raised the prospect of a complex and expensive withdrawal which could take years to complete .
Throw in a visceral distrust of the London political classes , and for many voters it all points to one thing : a plot to water down , or even stop , Brexit .
“ We voted to come out , so why did n't they do it straight away ? Why have we got to wait ? ” asked 64-year-old Chris Murdoch , in the small English town of Chatham , 50 km ( 30 miles ) east of London . “ We wo n't come out completely because it 's not in their favor . ”
Her husband Peter , a retired construction worker , added : “ They 're all in it for themselves . They 're all two-faced … We do n't trust any of them . ”
Like 52 percent of Britons , both Chris and Peter Murdoch voted for Brexit last year and , like most , according to recent opinion polls , they have n't changed their minds .
Such views in Chatham , a stronghold of May 's Conservatives in recent years , are shared widely in much of the country . That spells danger for May who must unite her party , divided for decades over Europe , to drive Brexit legislation through parliament and win approval for the final deal with Brussels .
It also means likely disappointment for those European politicians who hope Britons will have second thoughts about the wisdom of Brexit , and settle for a close relationship with the EU if the divorce has to go through .
Many Brexit voters in Chatham now fear that Britain 's leaders – who they say have ignored their interests for decades and are beholden to big money – are plotting to betray their dream of a clean break with the EU .
May called the early election to win a mandate for her vision of a ‘ hard ' Brexit that prioritized immigration controls above the interests of the economy . Instead she emerged wounded , reliant on a small Northern Irish party to win major parliamentary votes and under pressure from her party 's pro-European wing and business to compromise with Brussels .
Some European leaders seem still not convinced by May 's mantra that “ Brexit means Brexit ” . French President Emmanuel Macron has said the EU 's door remains open and European Council President Donald Tusk even invoked the lyrics of John Lennon to ‘ Imagine ' a Brexit rescinded .
At home , former Conservative prime minister John Major has said there is a credible case for giving Britons a second vote on the Brexit deal . His successor , Labour 's Tony Blair , has said repeatedly the process can and should be stopped .
LITTLE SYMPATHY
There is little sympathy for this in Chatham , one of a cluster of towns on the banks of the River Medway that for centuries acted as part of England 's naval defense against the fleets of its European enemies .
Earlier this year the town marked an ignominious chapter in English history : the 350th anniversary of a daring raid by Dutch ships which caught the King 's defenses napping , sailing up the Medway to capture and burn prized assets of the fleet .
Nowadays Chatham 's dockyards are a museum , the barracks are being converted into flats and despite regeneration efforts , a higher-than-average 12.2 percent of the local working-age population receive government social payments .
The Medway towns , including Chatham , backed Brexit by almost two to one . Like so many of the towns outside England 's major cities that overwhelmingly voted to leave the EU , it has long struggled to adapt to a decline in traditional industries .
“ My fear is that they wo n't follow it through and they 'll find a reason to stay in , ” said former postal worker Trevor James , a 61-year-old Brexit-supporting voter from Chatham .
Vivica A . Fox is spilling the tea about her relationship 50 Cent in her upcoming self-help book “ Every Day , I 'm Hustling . ”
According to NY Daily News , Fox says 50 Cents wooed her and they had amazing chemistry although he was more focused on his career than on sex .
Via NY Daily News
“ Most of the time , I would be the one initiating sex , because I really enjoyed making love with him , ” writes Fox , who also describes their sessions as PG-13 but “ cherished and special . ”
Now , of course with social media it did n't take long for 50 Cent to find out about Fox 's comments about their sex life and he has since responded on Instagram , saying this was “ 14 years ago…smh who does this ? ” See his post below :
Vivica has yet to respond to 50 Cents Instagram post but we will see .
Nevertheless , beyond her relationship with 50 Cent , in her book she also reportedly talks about being on the set of some of her most famous movies , like Kill Bill , Independence Day and much more .
The book is scheduled to be released on April 3rd .
SOURCE : NY Daily News | IMAGE CREDIT : Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
A suspected unexploded device , which is believed to date back to World War II , has been found in Birmingham .
Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row has been evacuated .
West Midlands Police has evacuated a construction site .
The explosive ordnance disposal team has been called to the scene and closed Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row near the city centre .
It comes a year after a WWII bomb was discovered in Aston .
This is a breaking news story . We will be updating it .
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news . We are also on Instagram .
If you are on the go , the Birmingham Live app helps bring you closer to the latest news where you live .
How dangerous are unexploded bombs and how likely are you to live near one ?
Available on iPhone and Android , the app can be tailor made to bring you the latest on what matters to you .
Breaking news , the latest on your football club , the pick of the weeks events and the latest travel - you can tailor the app to suit you .
Our push notifications help highlight the biggest stories to you first .
Download it on iPhone and Android .
Roses are red/
Violets are blue/
Melania does not like to hold Donald 's hand/
These are things we know to be true .
Did you like my poem ? It 's all just my way of telling you that thing of when Donald-tries-to-hold-Melania's-hand-and-she-really-didn't-want-him-to-and-also-a-million-cameras-were-on-them happened again .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That moment when your wife resists holding your hand ... PRICELESS . 🤣🤣 @ realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/hDpPddTv5C — BetsyBits ( @ BetsyBits ) April 24 , 2018
This time , the incomplete hand hold took place on the White House South Lawn during a military welcome ceremony with French president Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte .
As you can see , Trump goes for it several times over the course of an extremely tense 13 seconds before ultimately making it happen .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As a reminder , Melania has yet to publicly acknowledge anything having to do with Stormy Daniels , the porn star who allegedly had an affair with the President shortly after the First Lady was pregnant with their only child together .
And , uh , yeah . That 's about it .
Follow Tess on Twitter .
This story is about
Share This Story On ...
( from left ) Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett , Executive Vice President and Chief Brand Officer Charlotte Jones Anderson , Owner Jerry Jones , and Executive Vice President , CEO , and Director of Player Personnel Stephen Jones visit in the War Room before making their first pick as the NFL Draft gets underway at Valley Ranch Thursday , April 28 , 2016 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter : @ SportsDayDFW
The countdown to the NFL draft in Arlington is now down to T-minus two days .
The Dallas Cowboys front office figures , including team owner Jerry Jones , are set to discuss their thoughts on the draft at 1 p.m. Tuesday .
Follow this live slug for all the latest updates .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With more and more people using phones to communicate , the law around sexting is something you NEED to know about .
We 're sure you 're aware of it , but in case you are n't , sexting is when someone sends or receives a sexually explicit text , image or video on their mobile phone , computer or tablet .
It can include sexual chat or requests for pictures/images of a sexual nature .
This is what you need to know about what the law says :
Is it illegal ?
( Image : PA )
This depends on what the image is or what the chat involves and who it is sent between .
However , it is a crime to possess , take , make , distribute or show anyone an indecent or abuse image of a child or young person under 18 years of age .
Always remember that , while the age of consent is 16 , the relevant age in relation to indecent images is 18 .
If it 's a sexually explicit picture/ image of an adult and sent between adults
If so , there is no sexual offence but if the picture/image is unwanted then there may be other offences such as harassment or blackmail to consider .
Any concerns should be reported to your local police station .
If it 's a sexually explicit image of an adult and sent between children
If so , there is no sexual offence but it may , in some cases , be appropriate to speak to Social Services for advice and guidance .
If it 's a sexually explicit image of an adult and sent from an adult to a child
If so , an offence may have occurred . Contact local police on 101 for further guidance .
If it 's a sexually explicit image of a child ( under 18 years of age )
If so , you should contact local police on 101 for advice and guidance . Do not delete the image and under no circumstances should you save the image , send it to another person or show it to anyone else as you may be committing an offence .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What if a child ( under 18 years of age ) takes a sexually explicit image of themselves ?
That child has committed an offence by making and possessing that image . If that child then sends the image to another person then the child has committed a further offence of distributing the image and the person who receives the image will also be liable for an offence of possessing the image . In these cases you should contact local police on 101 for advice and guidance .
If it 's sexually explicit text/chat between adults ( this can include requests for pictures of a sexual nature )
If so , there is no sexual offence but if this communication is unwanted then there may be other offences , such as harassment to consider . Any concerns should be reported to your local police station .
Businessman Denis O'Brien wants the Supreme Court to make findings that would be “ entirely destructive ” of , and “ effectively undermine ” , parliamentary speech , the State has argued before the court .
Maurice Collins SC said Mr O'Brien has brought proceedings arising out of utterances in the Dáil about his banking affairs by Social Democrats TD Catherine Murphy and Sinn Féin TD Pearse Doherty that would indirectly substitute the courts instead of the Dáil as the arbiter of “ appropriate or inappropriate ” parliamentary speech .
The proceedings were brought over the manner in which the Dáil Committee on Procedure and Privilege ( CPP ) handled and dismissed Mr O'Brien 's complaint over the TDs ' statements , made in May and June 2015 , he said .
The statements were made after Mr O'Brien got injunctions against RTÉ restrainig it publishing information about his banking affairs with State owned IBRC . The CPP is an agent , and made up of , members of the Oireachtas , he said .
Article 15 of the Constitution , which immunises parliamentary speech from legal action , means any decision of the committee can not be challenged in court .
All decisions by the CPP are “ non-justiciable ” and any attempt to have its findings reviewed by a court breaches the separation of powers .
In his submissions on behalf of the CPP , Michael Collins SC said any finding that the committee 's decisions could be the subject of court actions meant any protection it had under Article 15 was “ wholly illusionary ” .
In bringing his proceedings over the CPP decision , Mr O'Brien was seeking to have the two TD 's sanctioned for their statements , he argued .
In replying arguments for Mr O'Brien , Eileen Barrington SC said the State respondents were making “ a stark case ” which her client , who was directly affected by “ an abuse of privilege ” , rejected .
Counsel were making submissions on the second and final day of Mr O'Brien 's appeal against the High Court 's dismissal of his case against the Oireachtas and the State over the statements made by the two TDs .
Chief Justice Mr Justice Frank Clarke said the seven-judge court was reserving judgment . It may take some time before the court is in a position to deliver judgment , he added .
In his appeal , Mr O'Brien claims the CPP failed to obey its own rules when dismissing his complaints about the TDs ' statements and finding there was no breach of the relevant Oireachtas standing orders . The courts are entitled to step in to ensure vindication of the constitutional rights of a non-member of the Oireachtas , he claims .
There was no evidence for the CPP finding that the TDs acted in good faith and responsibly when they made the statements , he claims . The statements , he contends , amounted to unwarranted interference in the judicial domain .
The TDs ' statements had revealed most of the information subject of the injunction against RTÉ , which made the court proceedings pointless , he has argued . His appeal is against the High Court 2016 judgment of Ms Justice Una Ní Raifeartaigh dismissing his action .
The judge said what he sought was not allowed due to the separation of powers and would have a chilling effect on parliamentary speech .
Have you ever wondered why you 're always left with so many fudge and toffees at the end of a tub of Quality Street and there never seem to be enough Purple Ones to go around ?
Well , that 's because according to new research , the amount of each different kind of chocolate in the tub varies and is not at all even .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
CDA
The very important Christmas chocolate research , as carried out by kitchen appliances site CDA , found that a box of Quality Street is packed with the pink fudge and toffee confectionary , while purple ones , orange choc crunches and the green triangle are seriously lacking in numbers .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
CDA
This is the line-up that they found in a 750g tub of Quality Street :
10 Fudges
9 Toffee Pennies
8 Orange Cremes
8 Coconut Eclairs
8 Strawberry Delights
6 Toffee Fingers
6 Milk Choc Blocks
5 The Purple Ones
5 Green Triangles
5 Honeycomb Crunches
5 Orange Chocolate Crunches
4 Caramel Swirls
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Considering that CDA 's research found that our fave five Quality Street chocolates are : the purple one , the green triangle , the toffee finger , the strawberry delight and the orange choc crunch , it 's depressing to see that these are largely the scarcest in the box .
CDA
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While we petition Nestle to mix up the box a bit to reflect our fave picks , it 's maybe worth sharpening those nails so you can grab the goods before anyone else this Christmas .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the dramatic moment officers swopped to arrest a teenager suspected of carrying a knife .
Police descended on Weoley Castle Road , in Weoley Castle , at 6.30pm on Sunday .
The 17-year-old was arrested and charged with possession of a knife in a public place and possession of class B drugs . He is due to appear before Birmingham Youth Court on September 1 .
The Mail understands armed officers attended the incident and were directly involved in the arrest .
A West Midlands Police spokeswoman said : “ A teenager has been arrested and charged after officers found him carrying a knife and drugs in Weoley Castle .
“ The 17-year-old was stopped and searched by officers on patrol last night ( Sunday ) .
“ He was charged with possessing a knife in a public place and possessing class B drugs and bailed to appear at Birmingham Youth Court on September 1 . ”
Police tweeted : “ A second person was stopped but not taken into custody . ”
US on-demand printing company Printful has launched a new Warehousing and Fulfillment service , to allow businesses to have a third party handle their inventory .
Businesses can store all their products with Printful , which will ship them to their customers , thereby helping small businesses overcome storage and shipping challenges . Printful 's new Warehousing and Fulfillment service is one option for small businesses with an expanding product line but no means or capacity to handle fulfillment .
Small businesses , particularly online ecommerce companies , often do n't have the space to store goods — often lacking a warehouse and sometimes even a formal office . This lack of storage space can hamper business growth . On top of storage issues , packing and shipping products is time-consuming , demanding precious time , which could be better spent on other tasks , such as making new products or on marketing efforts .
This is where Printful 's new Warehouse and Fulfillment service could be an opportunity to small businesses , enabling them to free up space and hand over the hassle of packing and shipping products .
The Benefits of Printful Warehousing and Fulfillment
In a release announcing the new service , Maia Benson , Global Head of Shipping and Fulfillment at Shopify , whose eCommerce community uses Printful 's services , spoke of the benefits delegating inventory tasks brings to small business owners .
“ Entrepreneurs and small businesses win when warehousing businesses are built for them and their unique needs — simple on-boarding , simple and predictable pricing , guaranteed service levels and always-on customer service , ” Benson explained .
Printful was founded in 2013 and now has more than 300,000 registered users , the company says . Printful 's Warehouse and Fulfilment service was launched in beta in May 2017 and has since been made available to all users . Businesses storing products with Printful can put items in two warehouses , one in the U.S. in Charlotte , North Carolina and the other in Europe in Riga , Latvia .
Businesses simply need to send Printful their products , which , once approved , are stocked in their warehouse , and when a customer orders the products , Printful will ship them out , quickly and efficiently , leaving ecommerce businesses to concentrate on growing their brand .
Metro Police arrested a Bonanza High School teacher for making terroristic threats on Wednesday .
Police identified the teacher as Leslie McGourty . McGourty was booked into the Clark County Detention Center .
Students on campus said McGourty is a physics teacher at the school .
“ I was shocked , ” high school junior Bernice Olguin said . Olguin was in McGourty 's physics class . “ There were a bunch of police officers coming in to her classroom to get her stuff and walk out . ”
Officers did not go into detail about the investigation but said that the threats were not directed at the school or any one person in particular .
It is unclear who or what she allegedly threatened .
Olguin said McGourty never raised any red flags or acted unusual in class .
“ I was in shock , ” Olguin said . “ Ms . McGourty has never said anything uncomfortable or mentioned any terrorist threats . ”
Hours after the arrest , Metro officers combed through McGourty 's white SUV parked outside the high school and investigators searched her townhome located ten minutes away from the school .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
ALABAMA RECRUITING UPDATE//Second Signing Date is set for February 7
Several prospects were in for official visits this past weekend . Here are some quick notes . Keep in mind that numbers are tight and things are subject to change very quickly . Some prospects , including Boling , TX linebacker and Bama commitment Vernon Jackson , did not arrive until Saturday and stayed until Monday . Rodney Orr from Tider Insider gave us an update on Bama recruiting .
Orr said he 's not sure when , but he expects Huntsville-Lee defensive lineman Malik Langham to pick Alabama . Orr really likes Langham . Long and very athletic . 6-5 , 270 . Great frame . Good basketball player . Orr feels he is just developing as a football player and his potential is limitless .
Arlington , Texas Tide DL commit Bobby Brown was in over the weekend on an unofficial visit . As of Sunday afternoon , Orr said he continues to hear that Brown remains very solid to Bama but Texas and Texas A & M wo n't quit recruiting the big defensive lineman .
It 's common knowledge that Georgia has put the all-out press on Bama linebacker commitment Quay Walker of Cordele-Crisp County , GA. Late last week the feeling was the Bulldogs would likely flip Walker . But the feedback now sounds much more favorable for the Tide . Great visit . Confidence in Tuscaloosa is up for now . Again , Georgia wo n't give up on this five star though and his final decision could come right down to the wire .
Linebacker J.J. Peterson from Moultrie-Colquitt County , GA was a longtime Bama lean until Jeremy Pruitt went to Tennessee . Everybody knows that Peterson committed to the Vols . Orr said he heard that Peterson had a great time in Tuscaloosa , but the feeling on Monday morning was that Tennessee was still the favorite . We 'll see if that changes .
In the secondary , Tider Insider has been reporting that Bama has a real shot with Plantation-American Heritage , FL elite cornerback Patrick Surtain . Word is that Alabama took another very positive step with Surtain this past weekend . Do n't want to get ahead of the game , but Orr is feeling stronger and stronger about Alabama 's position here . As for Surtain 's elite corner teammate , Tyson Campbell , other than general comments on his visit going very well this weekend , we have not heard enough details to draw any conclusions . Georgia has been considered the strong leader .
Tider Insider feels Alabama is in great position to land offensive lineman Nicholas Petit-Frere of Tampa-Berekeley . Ohio State and possibly Florida is in the mix . Again , as noted previously , spots in this class are filling up so it will be interesting to see what happens with Petit-Frere .
TI has been reporting for several weeks that the Tide had made a very strong impression on the family of Phenix City-Central WR Justyn Ross . Orr thinks Alabama is in very good position to land Ross . On another note , Orr feels very good about Alabama 's position with dynamic receiver Jaylen Waddle of Bellaire , TX . Again , given that Alabama has only eight spots open and several extremely talented prospects still on the board , it is hard to predict exactly who fills each spot . But it does look like a strong finish .
Due to the number of open spots , does Alabama skip taking a QB ? Orr says it would not surprise him either way . Does not sound like a definite decision has been made at this point .
For several weeks though , Orr has said to keep an eye on Gilbert , AZ quarterback Brock Purdy . Recently the 6-1 , 200-pound Purdy announced via Twitter that he had picked up an offer from new Tide assistant Jeff Banks . Nick Saban is hoping to meet with Purdy soon in Tuscaloosa . If things go well , Orr would expect Purdy to pick Alabama .
Cornerbacks Eddie Smith of Slidell-Salmen , LA and Isaac Taylor-Stuart of San Diego , CA will visit Tuscaloosa on the weekend of the 26th . Alabama signed 15 players back in December but should sign 7 to 8 more in February .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
As a lover of luxury watches , Jas Kalsi always had a keen eye for a finely crafted timepiece , although until he set up Watches of Sutton in May 2016 he 'd only ever bought them for himself .
But the former car dealership manager was keen to become his own boss so decided to turn his hobby into a full-time business , selling and restoring pre-owned high-end watches from brands such as Rolex and Cartier .
And , already an established private eBay seller , Jas used the marketplace to help launch it .
He says : “ I had no experience in the watch business other than my personal interest . I was in the motor trade for 17 years . I earned good money but I 've got a young family and it was long hours and a lot of commuting .
“ Last year I decided it was time to do something I was really passionate about . I 'd never sold watches before but I thought as long as I bought the right ones , I already had the sales and business management ability from previous jobs .
“ Those skills were transferable and I 'd also successfully sold on eBay on a personal basis , so I thought I 'd combine the two . ”
Jas , who lives in Sutton Coldfield with his wife and two children , transferred his private eBay seller account into a business one , changed the name to Watches of Sutton Ltd and , after researching the best-selling brands and competitive secondhand prices , began trading .
“ eBay made it very easy for me as I 'd been a private seller since 2003 , so potential customers could see that I had 100 % feedback and I was reputable , so that massively helped me . Trust is very important in my business because watches are often high-ticket items , so buyers need to have that reassurance .
“ Quite simply I could set up a business , go straight to the marketplace and have access to millions of people all around the world for very little outlay . Now we have lots of international buyers and I 've sold to US , Mexico , Japan , Australia and all around Europe . ”
Jas has opened offices in Birmingham 's jewellery quarter and says his first year in business has exceeded all of his expectations .
“ The growth of the business has been mostly down to our online presence , spearheaded by eBay , ” he says . “ I 'm already earning close to what I was in my full-time job – but without all the stress and long hours . I 'm very glad I did it and I have no twinges passing car showrooms – other than maybe wanting to go in and buy a nice car ! ”
stores.ebay.co.uk/Watches-of-Sutton
Compromise will be needed in legislation to strike a balance between the right to privacy and the right to identity for people who are adopted , the Minister for Children has said .
Responding to questions about revelations that the births of at least 126 people were incorrectly registered , Katherine Zappone said the Adoption ( Information and Tracing ) Bill had to deal with the balancing constitutional rights of privacy of birth parents and the right of those adopted to know who they are .
Ms Zappone said the issues raised about St Patrick 's Guild adoption society “ creates an imperative for us to look again at the Bill ” but she said “ compromises will probably be needed ” .
On Wednesday night she told the Seanad that alternatives proposed by Senators to balance those rights had been ruled unconstitutional by the Attorney General 's office and if the Seanad could not accept that “ the Bill falls ” .
The Bill aims to provide an adopted person with a statutory right to their birth certificate and information about their adoption order .
However , it includes a non-disclosure element , where in return for details of their identity adopted persons would sign a waiver saying they would not contact their birth parents without their consent .
Right to privacy
The Government argued that birth parents might not want to be contacted and had a constitutional right to privacy .
A potential compromise thought to be under consideration , however , is to provide for a structured opt-out system . It would operate on the basis that a birth parent would be open to contact unless they specifically state they did not want such contact .
A number of Senators including Independents Alice-Mary Higgins and Lynn Ruane raised concerns expressed by organisations including the Adoption Rights Alliance and Irish First Mothers .
During the 2017 Seanad debate Ms Higgins said that “ nobody should be asked to choose between identity and information ” .
Adoption rights legislation proposed by former Independent Senators Jillian van Turnhout and Averil Power passed all stages in the previous Seanad but never made it to the Dáil .
Ms van Turnhout said on Wednesday that the Minister could still take their legislation on board . The Bill provided that once a person turns 18 they are entitled to information about who they are .
She said many birth mothers did not give informed consent at the time of adoption and many “ are yearning to know what happened to their children ” .
But she said that the “ lobbying not to release this information is intense ” and she believed the Government was conflating the right to identity and the right to a relationship . She said they do have the right to their identity but not to a relationship with the birth parent .
Expressed concern
Ms van Turnhout also expressed concern that the State is still not operating an open system on birth certificates and that an adopting parent can ask for a “ clean birth certificate ” which makes no reference to a child being adopted .
The Bill passed the second stage at one Seanad sitting in May 2017 but has not yet been brought to committee stage .
Earlier on Wednesday Barnardos chief executive Fergus Finlay said there may have been up to 15,000 illegal adoptions in Ireland where adoptive parents were registered as birth parents .
“ This was a crime against these people and their mothers . Mothers who were told that their babies had died , ” Mr Finlay told RTÉ 's Morning Ireland .
“ I suspect every single adoption agency in the country is involved , that 's 150,000 babies , it would be amazing if at least 10 per cent of them were not illegal . ”
Mr Finlay said it was an absolute scandal , but it was not a new one and should not come as a surprise .
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said it is “ highly likely ” other adoption agencies were involved in the practice of incorrectly registering children 's adoptive parents as their birth parents .
“ I feel the likelihood is other agencies were involved in similar practices but I await the evidence before any conclusive comment can be made , ” he said .
“ But I would find extraordinary if only one agency was engaged in these practices . ”
The Santa Barbara edition of Camerata Pacifica 's opening concert of its 2011-12 season will take place at 1 and 7:30 p.m. Friday in Hahn Hall at the Music Academy of the West , 1070 Fairway Road .
Camerata members and special guests participating in the concert will include Adrian Spence on flute , Ani Aznavoorian on cello , Joanne Pearce Martin and Vicki Ray on piano , and Ji Hye Jung , Douglas Perkins , Svet Stoyanov and Michael Zell on percussion . ( Note the name of Joanne Pearce Martin — charter Camerata member and too long away — and rejoice ! )
In various combinations , these sterling musicians will be playing :
Sergei Rachmaninoff 's Prelude in C # -Minor , Opus 3 , No . 2 ( the prelude ) , George Crumb 's Vox Balaenae ( Voice of the Whale ) for 3 Masked Players , Electric Flute , Electric Cello and Amplified Piano , Thierry De Mey 's Musique de Table , for Percussion and Steve Reich 's Sextet for Percussion and Keyboards . ( Those attending the 1 p.m. “ lunchtime ” concert will hear only the De May and Reich pieces . )
Violinist David Harrington once told me — I 'm sure he told lots of journalists — that he had founded the Kronos Quartet in order to be able to play Crumb 's Black Angels . Since Spence originally assembled the Camerata Pacifica under the name “ Bach Camerata , ” we can assume that the Camerata was not founded to play Crumb 's Vox Balinae , and yet there is no doubt that Crumb is among Spence 's most-admired masters , nor that Vox Balinae , which made a very early appearance on Camerata programs , is among his favorite works .
Crumb is a hero to most contemporary musicians , and a very influential composer . As Wikipedia puts it : “ He is noted as an explorer of unusual timbres , alternative forms of notation , and extended instrumental and vocal techniques . Examples include seagull effect for the cello ( ex . Vox Balanae ) … ” Crumb , an ardent humanitarian who turned 80 in 2009 , has also been a moral force in contemporary music .
De Mey ( born in 1956 ) is a Belgian composer and filmmaker . He has from the outset been involved with writing music for modern dance , and “ Table Music ” ( 1987 ) was written for the Ultima Vez dance company of Wim Vandekeybus .
For tickets and other concert information , click here or call Camerata Pacifica at 805.884.8410 .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . He can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
The modern digital multimeter ( DMM ) is ubiquitous , partly because it 's so incredibly useful . Even an entry-level industrial DMM is valuable , though of course the higher-end models take that up a few notches .
But do n't let the fact that “ everyone ” has a DMM lull you into thinking you know how to use yours safely . Maybe you do , but are you sure ?
Take this short quiz , which covers ( only some of the ) important safety considerations for using a DMM :
• Does your DMM meet the safety standards for the environment in which you 're using it ? Do you merely think so , or do you know so ? If the latter , how exactly do you know ?
• Do you carefully examine all stickers , signs , and labels on the equipment to ensure your DMM is going to be connected to 480V instead of 13kV ?
• Do you inspect your test leads for physical damage before making a measurement ? Things do happen in between jobs . Inspect every time .
• Do you always connect and disconnect the meter one lead at a time ? If not , you may some day expose yourself to a nasty arc flash event .
Beyond the safety aspects , also note the performance limitations of a DMM . For many tasks , it 's not the right piece of test equipment . The list of such tasks is actually quite long , but it includes items such as testing circuit breakers for contact resistance and testing feeder cables for insulation integrity .
Use your DMM safely , and do n't try to use it for testing it 's not suitable for .
RIO DE JANEIRO ( AP ) — At least 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas , including several who were beheaded or dismembered , in the biggest killing at a Brazilian prison since 1992 .
Amazonas state public security secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths , some inmates escaped , but he did not say how many . He added that 40 had been recaptured .
Twelve prison guards were held hostage by the inmates , though none was wounded .
“ This is the biggest prison massacre in our state 's history , ” Fontes said during a press conference . The riot at the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex began Sunday afternoon and lasted until Monday morning .
It was the largest death toll during a Brazilian prison riot since the killing of 111 inmates by police officers in the Carandiru penitentiary in São Paulo in 1992 . Police said they acted in self-defense then .
Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois , who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates , said he saw many bodies that were quartered .
“ I never saw anything like that in my life . All those bodies , the blood , ” Valois wrote on Facebook .
Authorities said the riot apparently grew out of a fight between two of the country 's biggest crime gangs of the country over control of several prisons . Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot , which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang , the Family of the North , against those of the First Command of the Capital that is based in São Paulo .
The secretary said that officers found a hole in a prison wall through which weapons entered the building . Several firearms were found in the post-riot search by police .
The First Command , nationally known as PCC , is the most powerful drug and prison gang in Brazil and it has been trying to extend its reach to northern prisons dominated by the Family of the North .
Valois said that during the negotiations , inmates only asked “ that we did not transfer them , made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation . ”
The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage , Valois said .
In another prison in Amazonas , 87 inmates escaped in the first hours of Monday , Fonte said .
One of the inmates posted a picture on Facebook as he left the prison .
Amazonas police are investigating whether there is a link between the riot and the escape .
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
CHATSWORTH , Ont . — Provincial police say a man is recovering after an officer found him unresponsive and administered a medication to reverse opioid overdoses .
Police say the officer responded to a report of an unresponsive man in Chatsworth , Ont. , early Monday morning .
They say the officer found the man without vital signs and began to perform CPR .
OPP say when the man remained unresponsive the officer administered naloxone and the man began to breathe but remained unconscious .
Just weeks after leaving the White House , Barack Obama is already orchestrating a plan to take Donald Trump down .
According to reports from Infowars , Obama is leading an army of 30,000 protesters from his “ command center ” in his new home in Washington D.C.—just two miles away from the White House . Insiders have revealed that Obama is likely creating a “ shadow government ” to protect his legacy . The nationwide network of protesters is known as “ Organizing for Action ” and identifies itself as a movement that “ grew out of Obama 's first presidential campaign. ” It claims to have 250 local chapters throughout the country .
Reports indicate the group is desperately working to save Obamacare by planning 400 health care-focused events in the majority of states this year . They will be teaming up with liberal groups like the Center for American Progress and Planned Parenthood . The organization has already organized anti-Trump protests—many of which have turned into violent riots .
On Sunday , Trump spoke out against holdover members of the Obama administration who have leaked private information about phone conservations he had with leaders of Australia and Mexico .
“ It 's a disgrace that they leaked because it 's very much against our country , ” Trump told Fox News . “ It 's a very dangerous thing for this country . ”
`` Obviously , we 're going to be extra cautious with him , '' Matheny said .
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago , striking out 52 in 46 innings . He felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta .
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria , Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis . He struck out 44 in 23 innings .
`` This was the first time he 's had to work , '' Matheny said . `` All those minor league rehab starts he had barely had anybody on base . So , he had to bear down . Did n't give up any runs . His stuff looked right . His stuff looked good . ''
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs . He was sent down to work on his batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon .
`` Things were n't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything . '' Arcia said through a translator . `` Thankfully , things were starting to go a lot better . ''
He looked pretty good in the seventh . With two out and runners on first and second , Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh . Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth , and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save in seven chances .
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position , but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May , setting a team record for wins in the month . Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers , and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run .
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis , and Dexter Fowler had three singles .
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list . Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis , and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL . Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Cardinals : Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee . He was hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh . ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill . Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked .
Brewers : SS Tyler Saladino ( left ankle sprain ) was placed on the 10-day DL . He got hurt Tuesday night . Eric Sogard started in his place , and Arcia took over in the seventh .
UP NEXT
Cardinals : RHP Jack Flaherty ( 2-1 , 2.15 ERA ) is scheduled to make his third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday . RHP Trevor Williams ( 5-3 , 3.43 ERA ) starts for the visiting Pirates .
Brewers : RHP Chase Anderson ( 4-3 , 4.42 ERA ) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip . He beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in his major league debut on May 11 , 2014 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Joe Totoraitis , The Associated Press
The City of Santa Barbara Public Works Department 's Water Resources Division will begin cleaning portions of the city 's Wastewater Collection System 's large diameter pipes beginning this Sunday for a maximum of four weeks .
Work will be conducted Sunday night through Friday morning from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m . The work is scheduled during the nighttime hours to avoid high daytime sewage flow levels and to avoid daytime traffic and business operations .
The primary neighborhoods that will be affected are the Westside , Eastside and waterfront areas of Santa Barbara .
The purpose of the nighttime maintenance project is to clean and inspect the condition of the city 's larger diameter sewers .
During the cleaning and inspection processes , the city 's hydro-vacuum cleaning truck and equipment may be working in your neighborhood .
— Manuel Romero is the wastewater collection superintendent for the City of Santa Barbara .
The `` Follow This Story '' feature will notify you when any articles related to this story are posted .
When you follow a story , the next time a related article is published — it could be days , weeks or months — you 'll receive an email informing you of the update .
If you no longer want to follow a story , click the `` Unfollow '' link on that story . There 's also an `` Unfollow '' link in every email notification we send you .
This tool is available only to subscribers ; please make sure you 're logged in if you want to follow a story .
JACKSONVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) –During the off-season , coastal communities in eastern North Carolina can struggle to keep tourism numbers up .
It 's left them finding creative ways to draw people in .
Onslow County tourism leaders plan to capitalize on military reunions as a way to keep tourism numbers up during the offseason .
Tourism director for Onslow County , Kristen Loflin , said bringing in military reunions will hopefully drive up tourism numbers Monday through Thursday when they are needed most .
The Chamber of Commerce first realized military reunions could be the key after studying its numbers over the last year .
The county has a strong military connection and those with DoD access can also benefit by having access to the base .
“ We are such a military friendly community , ” Loflin said . “ There are military discounts offered at all of our local businesses . We do have two hotels that actually have meeting spaces that can fit these reunions . And they like that it 's a one-stop shop they can stay in the hotel and go and have that banquet , meeting whatever they need downstairs . ”
On top of military-related activities , Onslow County also offers activities at Onslow Beach , Hammocks Beach State Park , shopping in downtown Swansboro and distilleries .
Loflin says the goal is to not only attract Marine Corps reunions but to also attract army and other branches of service who might want to learn more about the Corps .
“ A military reunion wants to go to a military town and sometimes they want to go to somewhere new because they 've never gotten to experience it , ” she said . “ They may be used to Army bases throughout the country but they 've never gotten to come to the Marine Corps base . ”
There are at least five military reunions planned for this year alone .
Loflin and Chamber of Commerce staff are planning to attend a tourism trade show later this month to help them in the process .
Ado-Ekiti – An 18-year-old herdsman , Mohammadu Suraju , whose cattle destroyed a N4 million cassava farm , on Wednesday appeared before an Ado Ekiti Chief Magistrates ' Court .
The accused is facing a charge of destruction of farm crops .
The Police Prosecutor , Insp Johnson Okunade , told the court that the accused committed the offence on May 15 at Igede Farm Settlement .
He alleged that the accused unlawfully grazed his cattle on the farmland belonging to Mr Andy Ochumba and destroyed cassava valued at N4 million .
The offence contravened ‎Sections 2 and 7 of the Prohibition of Cattle and other Ruminants Grazing in Ekiti State ( as amended ) of 2018 .
The prosecutor had requested the court to remand the accused and asked for adjournment to enable him ‎to study the case file and present his witnesses at the next hearing date .
The accused pleaded not guilty to the charge and his lawyer , Mr Chris Omokhafe , urged the court to grant him bail with a promise that he would be of good conduct and would not jump bail .
Magistrate Adesoji Adegboye , in his ruling , granted the accused bail in the sum of N250,000 with one surety in like sum .
He adjourned the case until July 13 for hearing . ( NAN )
You plan for tornadoes . You plan for fires . Members of local law enforcement say now is the time to plan for an active shooter situation .
Chief Deputy Mike Turnbow with the McCracken County Sheriff 's Department says an active shooter at an outdoor event is one of the worst things that could happen .
`` Outside , especially with a shooter with a rifle and an open ball field , he can reach out to 100 to 200 yards , '' says Turnbow .
You can run , hide or fight to stay alive . Turnbow says if you run , run in a straight line .
`` Zigzagging takes longer to get there , and unless you really break it up , a shooter would finally just say 'OK , they 're going this way , I 'm going to meet him right here , ' Get to cover . Straight line as fast as you can run , get there , '' says Turnbow .
Turnbow says if you 're going to hide , make sure there 's something between you and the shooter that 's strong enough to stop a bullet , such as a cement wall . He says it 's also important to turn down the volume on your cell phone ; you do n't want the shooter to know where you are .
`` That 's part of hiding : be quiet , '' says Turnbow . `` If you 're somewhere where you can barricade yourself behind a door , barricade it . ''
Your third option is to fight , but Turnbow says that could be risky . Officers ca n't take any chances .
`` Is that a parent , or is that my bad guy ? So , 'Put the gun down ! ' ' I 'm a parent . ' ' I do n't know that . Put it down , '' says Turnbow .
Turnbow says you may find yourself in handcuffs until the situation is neutralized .
If you can call 911 , try to remember what the shooter looks like , what they 're wearing and where they 're headed .
Seamus Heaney : Listen Now Again , the exhibition based on the Nobel laureate poet 's archive , was today formally opened the new Bank of Ireland Cultural and Heritage Centre on College Green in Dublin . It will open to the public this Friday , July 6th .
President Michael D Higgins opened the exhibition , which celebrates the life and work of one of Ireland 's greatest writers . It draws on NLI 's Heaney archive , donated by the poet and his family in 2011 . “ Here , through Seamus 's manuscripts , annotations , and unpublished works , ” said the President , “ we see what Catherine Heaney [ his daughter ] described recently as the ‘ life cycle ' of some of Seamus 's poems – receiving a privileged view of the demands that producing a poem places on the author – the constant amending and revising necessary , as was the case with Seamus Heaney , as the gifted writer transforms words into what will become masterpieces . ”
The National Library of Ireland ( NLI ) exhibition is the first in the new centre , part of the Bank of Ireland headquarters which were originally the Irish houses of parliament , and is accessed directly from Westmoreland Street , the first time the large wooden double doors have been used in nearly 15 years .
Gathering in the compact Gandon-designed rotunda which forms the entrance to the exhibition were the Heaney family ( his wife Marie , children Mick , Chris and Catherine , and grand-daughters Aibhín , Síofra and Anna Rose , two of Seamus 's brothers , Dan and Hugh , niece Jane Heaney ) , NLI director Dr Sandra Collins , the exhibition curator Prof Geraldine Higgins , Minister for Culture , Heritage and the Gaeltacht Josepha Madigan and secretary general at the department Katherine Licken , former minister Jimmy Deenihan , who conceived the centre four years ago , publisher and friend Peter Fallon , friend Rand Brandes from Hickory , North Carolina , Poetry Ireland director Maureen Keneally , Brian McCormick , manager of the Seamus Heaney HomePlace in Bellaghy ( and a nephew of Seamus ) , and publishers and friends of Heaney .
Also at the opening was artist Maser , who made two pieces of work for the exhibition , a large hanging sculpture as you enter the exhibition , depicting folded paper gradually turning into birds , flying towards the roof , which chimes with the theme of airiness at the end of Listen Now Again , and also the closing tableau , Do n't Be Afraid – “ Noli Timere ” were the words Seamus Heaney texted to his wife Marie just before he died .
Seamus Heaney : Listen Now Again : Marie Heaney with her children , Catherine , Chris and Mick , at the new exhibition . Photograph : Dara Mac Dónaill
A partnership between the NLI , the Department of Culture and Bank of Ireland , the exhibition includes original manuscripts , letters , unpublished works , diary entries , and photographs , as well as some personal items – the desk where he wrote in the family home in Sandymount , a lamp which once belonged to WB Yeats , and a portrait by Louis le Brocquy . It was curated by Prof Higgins , director of Irish studies at Emory University , and designed by Ralph Appelbaum Associates .
It skilfully threads together Heaney 's life – Bellaghy , Co Derry , his family , events in the wider world , including the Troubles in the North – and his poetry . The process of creation is central to the exhibition , and how Heaney wrote and rewrote is animated through showing manuscripts at different stages , with annotations and edits , and a thoughtfully and subtly edited video teases out his writing and rewriting of a poem , The Forge . The exhibition threads its way through four themes : Excavations looks at Heaney 's early life and poetry ; Creativity explores his influences and process of writing ; Conscience looks at Heaney 's struggles to write about violence in Northern Ireland and his engagement with global politics and justice ; Marvels explores his later poetry , moving towards a sense of uplift .
The exhibition complements the HomePlace in Bellaghy . One of the striking things about the NLI exhibition is how it explores Heaney 's relationship with the Troubles : a wall of newspaper front pages in the Conscience section headline the immediacy of atrocities .
Marie Heaney , his widow , said when he thought about a long-term home for his manuscripts , “ Seamus knew that he wanted them to stay in Ireland , and to be available for consultation by scholars and general readers. ” He donated them to the NLI , and “ I know he would be both amazed and delighted by what has been achieved with them here today . ”
Francesca McDonagh , chief executive of Bank of Ireland , spoke about the historic building , associated with eventful moments in Irish history . “ This was a place of discourse and debate – of ideas and challenge – where the power of the written and spoken word was paramount . And today – in what is truly apt – this place now forms the backdrop to a major exhibition of national and international importance , where words again come to life . ”
Seamus Heaney : Listen Now Again opens to the public on Friday , July 6th ( Monday-Saturday , 10am-4pm ) . It is free , and usually no ticket is required , but for the opening weekend ( July 6th-8th ) visitors should book a time slot on www.nli.ie/seamusheaney
Donald Trump in Trump Tower in 1996 . AFP/Timothy A. Clary/Getty Images
On Monday , Donald Trump called for the execution of drug dealers in a speech about the opioid crisis . This followed earlier reports of his administration being set to recommend the death penalty as an option in “ certain cases where opioid , including Fentanyl-related , drug dealing and trafficking are directly responsible for death. ” The news also follows weeks of public and private musing by the president about the merits of executing drug traffickers .
It 's becoming clear that Trump has a certain “ urban ” kind of individual in mind when he pictures drug dealers ; it also seems like his views about drug-trafficking punishments are different when the individuals connected to said trafficking are helpful to him personally . For one , numerous individuals believed to have been laundering money for organized-crime groups involved in drug trafficking have purchased apartments in Trump Tower and other Trump properties . In those cases Trump may simply not have been aware—and may not have been legally obligated to be aware—of the backgrounds of those he was doing business with . The same ca n't be said about Joseph Weichselbaum , who operated a helicopter company that took high-end clients to and from Trump 's Atlantic City casinos in the mid-'80s . Weichselbaum , who had already been convicted of grand theft auto and embezzlement when he began working for Trump , was arrested in 1985 on charges of running a multi-state cocaine trafficking scheme . After Weichselbaum was arrested and charged , Trump :
• Set him up in an apartment in the Trump Plaza building .
• Wrote a letter to a judge on his behalf .
• Continued to pay his company while he was in prison .
Curiously , at one point , Weichselbaum 's case was transferred from Ohio to the New Jersey courtroom of Maryanne Trump Barry—Trump 's sister . ( It was then transferred to the judge that Trump wrote asking for lenience ; Weichselbaum ended up serving a mere 18 months after pleading guilty to what the Smoking Gun has described as “ federal cocaine distribution and income tax charges . ” )
Why was Trump so fond of Weichselbaum ? He 's never explained , but a 1991 Spy magazine story quoted two individuals who said they 'd seen Trump casino high-rollers offered or provided cocaine by casino representatives . Weichselbaum operated a helicopter service for Trump casino high-rollers and later admitted in court that he was involved in cocaine distribution . Coincidence ? Maybe ! Perhaps it 's a question that the White House , which has proposed the death penalty for drug dealers , should address .
Nii Laryea Afotey Agbo , the Greater Accra Regional Minister , has urged public servants to be professional in the discharge of their work and continually serve the country with patriotism , neutrality , fairness and loyalty when government changes hands .
He said the service was a noble profession and that there was the need for them to guard against any acts that would affect their image .
“ The country 's unity is sometimes undermined by polarization along party lines and we need to work with renewed commitment to national development and devote our energies to activities that will change our destiny and build a solid foundation for posterity , ” he said .
The Minister gave the advice at the weekend at the end-of-year party for staff of the Greater Accra Regional Co-ordinating Council in recognition of their support and hard work during in 2016 .
The event created the platform for staff and management to socialise and share ideas .
Nii Afotey Agbo said the role of public servants in economic development could not be overemphasised , adding that the growth and development of every economy hinged on how resources were judiciously managed to the benefit of the citizenry .
He commended staff for their selfless contribution in demonstrating a high sense of professionalism in the services they rendered to government over the years .
The Minister said the Ministry had partnered with China through the Economic and Commercial Counsellor 's Office out of which more than 60 staff had been trained in China in 2016 from all the Municipal , Metropolitan and District Assemblies across the country .
He called for unity among staff members , forgiveness of one another , reconciliation and tolerance to ensure peaceful coexistence .
He commended the security agencies , especially members of the Regional Security Council , for their immense support in maintaining law and order during the 2016 general election .
He urged the staff to give the incoming administration the necessary support in order to achieve the goals of the nation .
Some retirees were presented with refrigerators and washing machines for their selfless contributions and meritorious service .
GNA
Irish airline Ryanair has exercised options to buy 25 Boeing 737 MAX 200 aircraft , in a move which will bring its total firm orders for the aircraft up to 135 and allow it to grow its traffic to 200 million customers a year by 2024 .
The aircraft , which Ryanair has christened “ Game-changers ” , are valued at more than $ 3 billion ( €2.5 billion ) at current list prices , and the order means Ryanair has now ordered more than 650 Boeing 737s since first partnering with Boeing in 1994
“ The Game-changer has eight more seats than our current 189-seat Boeing 737-800NG and incorporates the latest-technology engines and winglets which will reduce fuel consumption and noise emissions , ensuring we remain Europe 's greenest , cleanest airline , while allowing us to continue to lower fares as we grow to 200 million annual customers by 2024 , ” said Neil Sorahan , chief financial officer with Ryanair .
The first of these aircraft will come on stream in the first half of 2019 . Ryanair operates an all-Boeing fleet , the youngest in Europe , with an average age of 6½ years .
Arburg will be present at the Industry Fair in Celje ( Slovenia ) from 4 to 7 April 2017 with an efficient injection moulding application : at the Arburg stand , 31 in Hall K , an Allrounder from the new electric entry-level Golden Electric series will produce a cover for a dog lead that can be worn around the wrist . Thanks to consistent standardisation , the injection moulding machine offers an excellent price/performance ratio . A linear Multilift Select robotic system performs the handling tasks .
• Golden Electric machine series : Cost-effective entry into electric moulded part production
• Standardised : High-quality technology at an attractive price/performance ratio
• Multilift Select : Efficient automated moulded part production
Arburg offers wide-ranging expertise in the area of efficient plastic part production . We will be demonstrating this at the Industry Fair 2017 with an entry-level electric machine from the Golden Electric series . Moreover , Arburg also offers efficient automation solutions , designs and implements complete turnkey systems for the Slovenian market and has more than three decades of experience in IT networking of machines and Industry 4.0 . Stephan Doehler , Arburg 's Director of European Sales
Entry into electric moulded part production
Arburg added the `` Golden Electric '' machine series to its range in spring 2016 with the aim of facilitating cost-effective entry into electric moulded part production . Like their successful `` Golden Edition '' hydraulic counterparts , the new electric machines offer an excellent price/performance ratio thanks to consistent standardisation , e.g . a fixed combination of distance between tie-bars , clamping force and injection unit size .
At the Industry Fair 2017 , an Allrounder 370 E with a clamping force of 600 kN and a size 170 injection unit will produce two covers in a cycle time of around 28,5 seconds . These are components of flexibly extendible dog leads ( Lishinu ) and can be worn on the wrist like a bracelet , for example when taking exercise . The exhibit operates with a 2-cavity mould from Slovenian company Tehnomat . The finished ABS moulded parts are removed and set down by a Multilift Select linear robotic system .
High-performance , precise , energy efficient
The Allrounder Golden Electric is available in four machines sizes with clamping forces from 600 to 2,000 kN .
The dual five-point toggle system ensures fast , high-performance cycles . The play-free spindle drives operate with high precision . The position-regulated screw ensures high moulded part quality .
The new electric machine series also features liquid-cooled motors and servo inverters and offers benefits in terms of energy efficiency , short dry cycle times and high reproducibility . Compared to standard hydraulic machines , the high efficiency of the servo motors , continuous power adaptation and energy recovery during braking achieve energy savings of up to 55 percent . The machines are also easy to maintain , thanks to swivelling injection units , plug-in cylinder modules and further improved lubrication and cooling .
Cost-effective automation
The Multilift Select is the entry-level model among the linear Arburg robotic systems . It features servo-electric drives and is fully integrated in the Selogica machine control system . For the operator this means : only one data set , a familiar approach during programming and synchronisation of robotic system and machine . Moreover , the teach-in function means that the Multilift Select is extremely easy to program . The advantages of this strategy are evident : programming times and conversion procedures are efficiently shortened , handling sequences are more reliable overall and training costs are much lower .
LAS VEGAS , NV -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - Fortem Resources Inc. ( OTCQB : FTMR ) ( the `` Company '' ) is pleased to announce that on April 12 , 2017 , it entered into and closed a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ( the `` MPA '' ) with two arms length vendors to acquire all the membership interests of Black Dragon , LLC , a Nevada limited liability company . Black Dragon has the right to acquire a 75 % working interest in and to certain leases , hydrocarbons , wells , agreements , equipment , surface rights agreements and assignable permits totaling approximately 165,000 acres ( 258 sections ) at an 80 % net revenue interest located in the Moenkopi formation of the Carbon and Emery Counties , Utah .
The Moenkopi oil resource play adjoins Grassy Trails field , which has produced a cumulative 731,000 barrels of oil from the Moenkopi formation . Along with Black Dragon 's Moenkopi property , it comes with new production facilities and is currently producing high gravity oil ( 38+ API ) from a single well awaiting a cleanout to enhance its current production . High quality 16sq mi 3D seismic has been performed on the property along with significant progress on drilling permits of 12 wells . Currently , there have been 543 penetrations in the Moenkopi formation from surrounding areas . In addition , Black Dragon 's prospect also has three other potential formation targets like the Kaibab , Doughnut and Manning Canyon .
Michael Caetano , Director and CEO stated , `` Let the building blocks continue . We are on the move and more than satisfied to add the Moenkopi asset to our portfolio list . This substantial asset definitely puts us in a different league and creates a platform for growth potential . With great partners and an experienced team , we look forward to a speedy development plan . ''
Agreement Terms
In consideration for the acquisition of Black Dragon , LLC , the Company issued an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of its common stock to the two vendors on the closing date and paid US $ 100,000 prior to the closing as a non-refundable deposit .
Black Dragon 's sole asset consists of the rights and obligations arising from a Purchase and Sale Agreement dated effective March 1 , 2017 ( the `` PSA '' ) between an arm 's length vendor and Black Dragon . Pursuant to the terms of the MPA , the parties may rescind the transactions , including the issuance of common shares thereunder , upon mutual agreement in the event that Black Dragon elects to terminate the PSA on or before April 17 , 2017 due to the assertion by Black Dragon of one or more title defects as determined in accordance with the PSA . In the event that Black Dragon elects such termination and the parties have made certain closing deliveries under the MPA , such closing deliverables will be returned to the providing party and the closing under the MPA will be deemed not to have occurred ( except for the payment of US $ 100,000 which was paid prior to closing on a non-refundable basis ) .
Under the PSA , Black Dragon has agreed to pay the vendor cash consideration totalling US $ 2.7 million based upon the following schedule :
US $ 100,000 as a non-refundable deposit within 10 business days of closing ( completed ) ;
US $ 900,000 on or before September 1 , 2017 ;
US $ 900,000 on or before March 1 , 2018 ; and
US $ 800,000 on or before September 1 , 2018 .
However , if Black Dragon pays a total of US $ 2.4 million on or before September 1 , 2017 , the parties have agreed that the cash consideration above will be deemed to have been paid in full .
Carry Obligation
Under the PSA , and in addition to the cash consideration , Black Dragon has agreed to pay all costs and expenses incurred on the assets with respect to any and all exploration , development and production during the carry period . The `` Carry Period '' continues until the later of either ( i ) the date that Black Dragon pays the full cash consideration set out above or ( ii ) the date that Black Dragon pays all costs and expenses for the drilling , logging , testing and completion two new wells , each well with a horizontal leg extending at least 2,000 ' in the target zone within the Moenkopi formation ( the `` Two Obligation Wells '' ) . Black Dragon is required to drill to completion or cause to be drilled to completion ( or plugging and abandonment ) the Two Obligation Wells on or before February 28 , 2019 , failing which , Black Dragon 's right to earn any assignment in and to the assets will terminate immediately . For each vertical well drilled to 200 ' below the top of the Kaibab formation through completion ( or plugging or abandonment ) within a Federal Unit , the obligation deadline will be amended to the later of ( i ) the current obligation deadline or ( ii ) 6 months from the date the rig that drilled such vertical well to total depth has been removed from the wellsite .
Within 10 business days after the later of Black Dragon paying the cash consideration in full or Black Dragon meeting in full its carry obligation , the vendor will convey to Black Dragon an undivided 75 % of the Vendor 's right , title and interest in and to the assets , at an 80 % Net Revenue Interest in the assets as further described in the PSA .
Additional Payments
On or before September 1 , 2017 , Black Dragon is required to pay the vendor US $ 102,000 for rental , minimum royalty , option payments and shut-in royalty payments due on the leases through December 31 , 2018 .
None of the securities issued have been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 , as amended ( the `` 1933 Act '' ) , and none of them may be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act . The securities issued must not be traded in or from a jurisdiction of Canada unless the conditions in Section 13 of Multilateral Instrument 51-105 Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over The Counter Markets are met . This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state where such offer , solicitation , or sale would be unlawful .
About Fortem Resources
Fortem Resources Inc. is a publicly traded oil and gas production , development and exploration company , which holds properties in Western Canada and Utah and is seeking North American & International expansion through an acquisition strategy . The Company 's common shares are quoted on the OTC.QB under the symbol FTMR .
On behalf of the Board of Directors ,
FORTEM RESOURCES INC .
`` Michael Caetano ''
Michael Caetano
Chief Executive Officer
This news release contains forward-looking information that involves various risks and uncertainties regarding future events . Such forward-looking information can include without limitation statements based on current expectations involving a number of risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance of the Company , such as statements about : ( i ) that the closing may provide the Company with a platform for growth potential ; and ( ii ) that the Company anticipates a speedy development plan . There are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and the Company 's plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information , including : ( i ) adverse market conditions ; ( ii ) risks inherent in the oil and gas industry in general ; ( iii ) the inability of the company to finance the execution of its business plan ; or ( iv ) the inability of the Company to achieve the milestones required under the Milestone Payment Addendum . Actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information . These and all subsequent written and oral forward-looking information are based on estimates and opinions of management on the dates they are made and are expressly qualified in their entirety by this notice . Except as required by law , the Company does not intend to update these forward-looking statements .
Brown Patch Will Be Coming
I promised you last week that I 'd discuss brown patch as it might attack your St. Augustine in this issue of e-gardens , and I 'm here to deliver . But it 's been so warm and comparatively dry these past several weeks that folks really have n't started asking questions about it . But , oh how they soon will ! Just as they have for all 47 falls that I 've been helping gardeners in Texas .
Continued Below
Advertisement
Quick facts about brown patch…
Here are the things you 'll want to remember about this common disease .
• Attacks primarily St. Augustine , and then only the leaf blades – not the runners or roots . *
• Grass turns yellow , then brown in round patches 18 to 24 inches in diameter .
• Blades pull loose from runners easily . You will see the decay at the bases of the leaf sheaths , where blades attach to the runners .
• Cool-season disease that is almost never seen until late September or October . This distinguishes it from chinch bugs and gray leaf spot that were seen this summer and into September and take all root rot that was seen in April and May .
• Most common in moist conditions , so often begins to appear with first rains of fall .
• Worse when lawn is watered in evening or overnight . Early morning watering is best .
• Since only leaf blades are affected , affected areas will green up again if weather remains warm long enough .
• Brown patch is not fatal , but it weakens grass in affected areas enough that extreme cold in winter can do more damage than normal or necessary .
• For that reason , and because it makes lawn look so unsightly , treating for brown patch is recommended .
• Your local independent nursery will have fungicides labeled for control of turf diseases such as brown patch . For some reason these products are sometimes difficult to find in national chain stores . Ask for help from a Texas Master Certified Nursery Professional .
* Can attack fescue , in which case it will destroy entire clumps .
Posted by Neil Sperry
Kids got a sweet reminder of the rules to follow when using crosswalks in their path to school .
This is part of an overall joint force campaign to keep kids safe due to the number of fatalities in Southern Nevada . The intersection at Silverado Ranch Boulevard and Jack Leavitt Street is noteworthy following the death of a 9-year-old who was hit and killed while riding his bicycle at the end March .
Niccoli Franklin was traveling north in the southbound lanes of Riverdance Avenue , near Maryland and Silverado Ranch , when he was hit . The driver of the car was stopped at a sign , checked for oncoming traffic to her left , but told police she was n't expecting anyone to be coming from the right .
Franklin got wedged and stuck in the car 's tire well .
This was the final crosswalk campaign of the 2017-2018 school year and the doughnuts also serve as way to thank the kids who are safe on the streets .
“ What a great positive experience for law enforcement and students , ” said Brandyn Dente , President of Look Out , Kids About , a coalition dedicated to children getting safely to school and home again .
Officers from three agencies joined together to deliver this critical message and ticketed both drivers and pedestrians disobeying rules .
Last year , in Clark County , 78 people lost their lives as pedestrians , 10 of them on the sidewalk , 5 of them school age students . Though Metro 's numbers are slightly under 2017 , year to date , the total numbers for Clark County pedestrians are very close to last year , including 3 school age children and a toddler .
Nationally pedestrian fatalities rose sharply in 2017 , but at less than half the rate of Clark County , where a whopping 38.7 percent of fatalities were those on their two feet ; nationally that number rose to 16 percent .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Senate decries rising spate of suicides
THE Senate yesterday raised the alarm over the rising spate of suicides and suicide attempts in the country .
It asked the ministries of health at federal and state levels to embark on mental health sensitisation and awareness campaign to tackle the problem .
It also asked the health ministries at federal and state levels to set up free and accessible mental health stations in government owned hospitals and clinics .
The senators urged Nigerians to look out for possible symptoms of unhappiness , depression and to seek professional help , where necessary .
The resolutions , which were unanimously adopted , followed a motion by Senator Oluremi Tinubu on the “ Need to ensure affordable and accessible mental health care for Nigerians ” .
Senator Shehu Sani , who seconded the motion , lamented that it was obvious that many families could no longer cater for themselves .
Senator Tinubu , in her lead debate , noted that the country was ranked 78th happiest nation in the world and fourth in Africa in the 2015 world happiness report .
The Lagos Central lawmaker added that the report published in March 2017 rated Nigeria as 95thhappiest nation from 155 countries .
She expressed concern that suicide and its attendant causes , namely : depression , social and economic problems , low self-esteem , traumatic experiences , physical and emotional abuse , substance abuse and bullying are not alien to Nigerians .
She noted that societal ills , economic difficulty and crime rate , which are prevalent in Nigeria are sufficient to send anyone over the edge .
Senator Tinubu expressed sadness that in spite of the dominant presence of suicide catalysts , Nigerian 's mental health support system is barely existent .
She said access to mental health specialists was expensive and almost nearly out of reach of the poor and middle class .
The effect , she said , is that “ where pressure becomes overbearing for these persons , they attack people around them or attempt to take their own lives ” .
She said the Senate should be concerned that “ the incidences of these suicides are made worse by lack of attention , and the belief that depression and other personality and mental disorders are the white man 's sickness and thus does not affect Nigerians ” .
Senator Tinubu said it was sad to remember the case of Ariyo Taiwo , who posted on Facebook , indicating that he had a few hours left to live .
“ Instead of his post being seen as a plea for help , comments in response mocked and encouraged him . He was said to have taken his life a few hours later , ” she said .
The lawmaker reminded his colleagues that the wellbeing of citizens is the primary duty of government .
She reiterated the fact that accessibility of mental health care will also ensure that the teeming number of psychological and psychiatry graduates across the country can put their knowledge to use and be gainfully employed .
Sani ( Kaduna Central ) said there was a connection between the turbulent polity and the mental state of Nigerians and connection between economic inequality and health of Nigerians .
He said the thinking of the people was that if their situation could not be addressed , “ the alternative will be to take the law into their hands ” .
Senator Jibrin Barau ( Kano North ) said the economic hardship the country found itself is biting harder .
Barau added that government must perform its functions of providing for the people 's welfare .
Senator Emmanuel Paulker , on his part , said the bitterness in the country was very high .
Paulker said government at all levels , the private sector and individuals should address people 's problems .
Attempt for the issue to be addressed at a public hearing was defeated .
The post Senate decries rising spate of suicides appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
They say that laughter is the best medicine – and that 's clearly the case at Birmingham Children 's Hospital .
Did you know that Giggle Doctors go into the hospital regularly with a definite treatment plan ? To get everyone smiling and chuckling !
Take three-year-old Anas Seid Mohamed who was admitted to the burns unit on Sunday after an accident involving a kettle of hot water .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
When Dr Hip Hap , AKA Natalie Beniston , arrived at his bedside , he was lying there feeling pretty bored but within minutes , she had him laughing and playing .
“ It 's so good to see him laughing and smiling again , ” said his mum Roda , who has seven children and lives in Alum Rock .
Natalie is part of the Giggle Doctor team , a rare breed dressed in brightly coloured clothes with pockets full of games and tricks , who visit children 's hospitals up and down the country spreading happiness .
Scientific studies have shown that laughter can aid recovery of young patients , help people to tolerate pain , reduce levels of stress hormones and boosts the immune system .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
“ Laughter is really powerful , ” says Dr Hip Hap , AKA Natalie , an actress and theatre education specialist from Leicester .
“ It 's a great way to boost mood but also it takes the children out of the situation and reminds them about play and being silly and using their imaginations . And this is equally powerful .
“ It 's so rewarding especially when a child is crying when you meet them and you get them laughing .
“ Sometimes the parents are as excited to see us as the children . Many families have been on the wards a long time and this really breaks the monotony . It 's really beneficial for parents to see their kids perk up and be back to normal for a while .
“ Some tell us its the first time they 've seen their child smile in a week .
“ One said her daughter was actually looking forward to chemotherapy as a result , which was off the scale . ”
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
The Giggle Doctors are funded by Theodora Children 's Charity , an organisation that is running a Giggle Week to tie in with International Day of Happiness ( March 20 ) – a United Nations-celebrated day that recognises the importance of happiness in the lives of people around the world .
During a play session , Dr Hip Hap will use everything from a squeaky duck bill and plastic flowers to magic tricks , musical instruments , balloon modelling , lights and bubbles .
She 'll sneeze , sing , pull faces , tell jokes , play peepo and do anything she can to get a giggle .
But she 's also very gentle and kind , making sure her approach is perfectly tailored for the child 's age , personality and health difficulties .
“ There 's often an air of tension when you walk in , a lot of children and their families are understandably scared about being in hospital .
“ Whilst we 're playing , you can almost sense them forgetting their worries and anxieties and those are the best interactions .
“ It can be upsetting to see poorly children but the positives make it all worthwhile .
“ Older kids can be harder to reach . If I go into a room and there 's a 17 year-old boy sat there , I say I know you 're way too old for this and we play cards , chat about favourite films and just talk nonsense for a while .
`` It 's just something different for them . Some of the best laughs I 've had have been with teenagers . ”
Last year , the Giggle Doctors brought 33,000 smiles to sick children across the UK , many of whom were at Birmingham Children 's Hospital .
Emily Swords , CEO of Theodora Children 's Charity , added : `` Laughter has also been shown to boost moods and help to connect people .
“ The Giggle Doctors may be interacting with one child and their family , but if another child is in the bay , they will be included too . We see families who have otherwise not spoken to each other , brought together by our Giggle Doctors .
`` Being able to talk about this shared experience offers them a little respite in what is otherwise a challenging time .
“ Hospitals can be boring as well as stressful and often every adult that a child comes into contact with is there to carry out a procedure on them .
`` The Giggle Doctors are different – they empower the child and encourage them to play and use their imagination to give some relief to the reality they are currently in .
“ Giving the child back some control means they can have a better experience of being in hospital . ”
The Giggle Doctors offer not just a moment 's respite but strategies to help the young patients and their families deal with the difficulties they are facing .
“ We give them coping tools , ” said Natalie .
“ Kids need to play and use their imaginations .
“ We improvise according to their age and personality and what they like .
“ I think I have the best job in the world ! ”
Find out more about how you can get involved in Giggle Week by visiting the Theodora Children 's Charity here
The funding will be used to expand services in five high-need elementary schools
Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , announced Thursday that the Santa Barbara Unified School District has been awarded a three-year , nearly $ 1.2 million grant from the Education Department 's Elementary and Secondary School Counseling Demonstration Program .
The federal funding will allow the school district to expand counseling programs in five high-need elementary schools to assist students with emotional and behavioral problems , reduce disciplinary referrals and allow students to focus on learning .
“ We know that some of our students face extraordinary personal circumstances that can have tremendous impact on their performance and concentration in the classroom , ” Capps said . “ That is why we must make sure students have access to the vital services of our school counselors and social workers . Getting these important services to our students will help all of them succeed . ”
“ School counselors benefit both students and teachers by helping to create a safe school environment , improve teacher effectiveness , increase academic achievement and promote student well-being , ” said Education Secretary Arne Duncan . “ We believe that school-based counseling programs offer great promise for improving the prevention , diagnosis and treatment of students with mental-health issues . ”
Grantees also will use funds to help increase the number of available and qualified counselors based on a school 's student population . Research shows that having adequate counseling services can help reduce the number of disciplinary referrals in schools , improve student attendance and academic performance and enhance development of social skills .
Funds also may be used to support parental involvement , counselor and teacher professional development , and collaboration with community-based organizations that provide mental health and other services to students .
Click here for more information about the program .
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times US economy sheds 33,000 jobs in September as hurricanes weigh
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
1:31 For Charles and Juanita , 80-plus Valentine 's Days and counting Pause
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training , feels great
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
1:04 River Ridge 's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question , says 'Our country 's so innocent ? '
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Fair Bluff Visioning Meeting
See what people are saying about the visioning meeting on Hurricane Matthew held last week in Fair Bluff North Carolina .
Posted by The News Reporter on Monday , August 14 , 2017
“ Gentlemen do not read each other 's mail. ” That 's what then-Secretary of State Henry Stimson said to explain why he shut down the government 's cryptanalysis operations in 1929 .
Edward Snowden , who leaked National Security Agency surveillance projects to Britain 's Guardian , evidently feels the same way .
“ I ca n't in good conscience allow the U.S. government , ” he explained , less succinctly than Stimson , “ to destroy privacy , Internet freedom and basic liberties for people around the world with this massive surveillance machine they 're secretly building . ”
Some questions about this episode remain . How did a 29-year-old high school dropout get a $ 122,000 job with an NSA contractor ? How did his job give him access to material including , he says , Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Agency Court documents ?
And why did he flee to China 's Special Autonomous Region of Hong Kong and make his revelations just before the Sunnylands summit , where President Barack Obama was preparing to complain to Xi Jinping about China 's cyberwarfare attacks ?
Oh , and now that he has checked out of his Hong Kong hotel , where has he gone ?
All tantalizing questions . But some other questions that many are asking have clear answers .
Is the NRA surveillance of telephone records illegal ? No , it has been authorized by the FISA Court under the FISA Act provisions passed by ( a Democratic ) Congress in 2008 .
The NSA is not entitled to listen to the contents of specific phone calls . It has to go back to the FISA Court for permission to do that .
Under the Supreme Court 's 1979 Smith v. Maryland decision , the government can collect evidence of phone numbers called , just as the government can read the addresses on the outside of an envelope .
Snowden presented no evidence that the NSA is abusing its powers by accessing the private information of those with obnoxious opinions . There is , so far anyway , no evidence of the kind of political targeting committed by the Internal Revenue Service .
Instead , the NSA is looking for patterns of unusual behavior that might indicate calls to and from terrorists . This data mining relies on the use of algorithms sifting through Big Data , much like the data mining of Google and the Obama campaign .
Snowden also exposed the NSA 's Prism program , which does surveil the contents of messages — but only of those of suspected terrorists in foreign countries .
During George W. Bush 's administration , many journalists and Democrats assailed this as “ domestic wiretapping. ” But the only time people here are surveiled is when they are in contact with terrorism suspects in foreign countries .
The right of the government to invade people 's privacy outside the United States is , or should not be , in question .
You might think , as Stimson did in 1929 , that it 's ungentlemanly . But as secretary of war between 1940 and 1946 , Stimson was grateful for the code-breaking programs that enabled the United States and Britain to decrypt secret Japanese and German messages .
That code-breaking , as historians have recounted , though not until long after the war , undoubtedly saved the lives of tens of thousands of Allied service members .
“ The Constitution and U.S. laws , ” as former Attorney General Michael Mukasey wrote in the Wall Street Journal , “ are not a treaty with the universe ; they protect U.S. citizens . ”
It is an interesting development that Obama has continued and , Snowden asserts , strengthened programs at least some of which he denounced as a U.S. senator and presidential candidate .
As Bush expected , Obama 's views were evidently changed by the harrowing contents of the intelligence reports he receives each morning . There are people out there determined to harm us , and not just because they ca n't bear Bush 's Texas drawl .
The Pew Research/Washington Post poll conducted June 7-9 found that by a 56 to 41 percent margin , Americans found it “ acceptable ” that the “ NSA has been getting secret court orders to track calls of millions of Americans to investigate terrorism . ”
That 's similar to the margin in a 2006 Pew poll on NSA “ secretly listening in on phone calls and reading emails without court approval . ”
Those numbers are in line with changes in opinion over the last two decades .
With increased computer use , technology is seen as empowering individuals rather than Big Brother . And with an increased threat of terrorist attack , government surveillance is seen as protecting individuals .
In these circumstances most Americans seem willing to accept NSA surveillance programs that , if ungentlemanly , are not illegal .
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner , a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , a Fox News Channel contributor and a co-author of The Almanac of American Politics . Click here to contact him , follow him on Twitter : @ MichaelBarone , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are his own .
The Government is unlikely to put a name forward for upcoming openings at the top of the euro-zone 's banking supervision authority , as it concentrates its efforts on securing a European Central Bank ( ECB ) executive board job for Philip Lane early next year , according to sources .
Deputy Central Bank of Ireland governor Sharon Donnery was reported by Bloomberg on Wednesday to be among potential candidates to succeed the ECB 's banking supervision chair , Daniele Nouy , whose term comes to an end in December .
However , sources said Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe was unlikely to pitch Ms Donnery as the next head of the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism ( SSM ) when he and euro zone consider the matter later this year .
Board member
The Government remains focused , instead , on putting Prof Lane 's name forward next year to become an ECB executive board member as Peter Praet , the organisation 's chief economist , retires in May 2019 .
Still , Ms Donnery , who also chairs the SSM 's work on non-performing loans across euro-zone banks , is seen as the leading figure to replace Prof Lane should he become Ireland 's first ECB executive board member next year and move to Frankfurt .
That would make Ms Donnery , an economist who joined the Central Bank in 1996 , the first internal candidate and first woman to lead the institution since it was set up 75 years ago . It would also give her an automatic seat on the ECB 's rates-setting governing council .
A spokesman for the Department of Finance and spokeswoman for the Central Bank declined to comment .
The ECB is facing a busy period of executive changes as it prepares for a winding down of its €2.6 trillion quantitative easing ( QE ) bond-buying stimulus programme and return to interest-rate hikes , a decade after the financial crisis began .
Candidate
ECB president Mario Draghi will step down in October next year , with executive board member Benoit Coeure set to depart three months later . At the SSM , which was set up in 2014 to oversee euro-area banks , Ms Nouy 's exit in December will be followed within months by the ending of the terms of vice-chair Sabine Lautenschlaeger and ECB appointee Ignazio Angeloni .
The Government withdrew Prof Lane as a candidate for the vice-presidency of the ECB in February as the only other person in the race , economy minister Luis de Guindos , had lined up more votes among European colleagues .
Still , members of the European Parliament 's economic and monetary affairs committee said at the time that Prof Lane 's technical expertise on monetary policy shone through as they grilled both candidates in the final stages of the process .
The successor to Mr Praet would not automatically become chief economist , though Prof Lane would be well placed for the position , as a holder of a doctorate in economics .
CTV Vancouver
Police in Vancouver are urging residents to be aware of their surroundings in the wake of a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto Monday .
“ If you 're walking by yourself on the street , do n't have your head down , be aware of where you are and what you 're doing , ” Sgt . Jason Robillard told The Canadian Press Tuesday .
The warning comes a day after 25-year-old Alek Minassian allegedly drove a rented van over a curb and into numerous pedestrians in Toronto 's north end . Fifteen people remain in hospital as a result of the incident .
The Vancouver Police Department said it does not yet have enough information about the attack to determine if or how it will change its security measures .
And while the force does have protocol in place in case of a similar incident , Robillard told CP it ca n't predict when a driver might target a public space .
A close look at public locations in downtown Vancouver such as Robson Square reveals how substantial concrete seating areas and heavy planters are designed in part to provide some measure of safety in case of a similar attack .
In the wake of other attacks , Vancouver police have steadily escalated security around special events where thousands of people make a soft target , including placing `` heavy barriers '' such as garbage trucks used at Canada Day gathering and the Celebration of Light .
If and how cities in Canada and around the world adjust their safety measures in response to Monday 's attack will likely depend on the results of the Toronto police 's investigation into what led to the incident .
`` There 's no doubt it was a planned , very methodical attempt to kill a pile of people—and a successful one , '' public safety analyst Chris Lewis told CTV News Monday .
`` We can say we 're going to ban large magazines and a pile of things around firearms , but how do you stop driving vehicles—4,000-pound missiles—from jumping up on a curb and hitting and immediate number of people or driving up the sidewalk ? ''
The City of Vancouver 's former chief planner pointed out barricades and even plain concrete block have started appearing across cities in Europe and Australia to defend against malicious acts in the future , but warned about the effect of these measure on everyday life .
`` There 's the great risk we will try to turn our streets into bunkers , not only to feel safe but to look safe , like the street is impregnable , '' Brent Toderian said . `` The problem is that wrecks it as a place for civic , or can greatly damage it as a place for civic life . ''
Minassian now faces 10 charges of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder . He was not known to police and does not have a criminal record .
And as cities around the world scramble to figure out how they can protect residents from future attacks on soft targets , experts warn vehicle weaponization remains one of the simplest , yet most challenging forms of violence to defend against .
`` It 's such an easy way to hurt people and kill people and there 's no real way to defend against it , '' Lewis said . `` Tragically , it 's really destroyed one of the safest cities in all of North America . ''
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Penny Daflos and The Canadian Press
Eibar 5 Sevilla 1
Eibar hammered Vincenzo Montella 's Sevilla 5-1 to move within a point of their stunned opponents in La Liga on Saturday .
Sevilla , who face Manchester United in the last 16 of the Champions League , were far from their best and Eibar , inspired by winger Fabian Orellana , took full advantage .
The Basque side , who are now one place behind Sevilla in seventh on 32 points , took 38 seconds to go ahead when Kike Garcia broke away and rifled an effort past Sergio Rico at his near post .
Orellana stabbed home the second goal in the 17th minute before Pablo Sarabia pulled one back for the visitors with a penalty for handball by Dani Garcia .
Sevilla were unbeaten in five games before Saturday 's match and seemed poised to mount a comeback but Ivan Ramis restored Eibar 's two-goal lead with a towering header from a corner .
Orellana grabbed his second after the break , with Anaitz Arbilla curling home a fine free kick to complete the rout and delight the home fans at the Ipurua Stadium .
Nottinghamshire County Council is playing its part to ensure sports stars have the financial support they need by launching the 2017 Grant Aid Sports Fund for Talented Athletes .
To apply visit www.nottinghamshire.gov.uk/talentedathletes by 5pm on the closing date , July 17 .
by
During the month of January , the Chestertown Branch of Kent County Public Library will host an exhibit created by photographer Arslan Augustine .
In describing his approach to photography , Mr. Augustine writes : “ I intend on bringing viewers perspective anew about the things most splendid and most ordinary in life . As I progress in photography , my goal is to bring forth the feeling in viewers of not just being alive , but powerfully alive . ”
The exhibit , which features photographs life in all its variations , will be on display during January 2017 whenever the Chestertown Branch is open . For more information , visit kentcountylibrary.org or call 410.778.3636 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The father of eight-year-old stabbing victim Mylee Billingham has failed to appear in court due to an administrative error at the prison where he is on remand .
The case against William Billingham , who has yet to enter pleas to charges of murder and making threats to kill , was adjourned for three weeks by a judge at Wolverhampton Crown Court .
Judge James Burbidge QC was told Billingham had not been brought to court from Birmingham 's Winson Green prison because of confusion over his exact date of birth .
Defence counsel David Mason QC told the court : `` The prison have my client 's date of birth wrong by one day and as a result of that he has not been produced from prison this morning . ''
Mylee was pronounced dead in hospital after being found with knife wounds at her father 's bungalow in Valley View , Brownhills , near Walsall .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Billingham is accused of killing his daughter on January 20 and faces a separate charge of making threats to kill her mother , Tracey Taundry , on the same day .
The 54-year-old has been remanded in custody until a further hearing on April 9 .
20th Century Fox
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In The Mountain Between Us , Kate Winslet and Idris Elba play two strangers who are stuck on a mountain after the charter plane they pay at the last minute to travel on crashes . ( This is why you should just stay put when all commercial flights are grounded due to a snowstorm . ) The nearly 2-hour movie , based on a novel by Charles Martin , also stars a gorgeous yellow Labrador whose performance is so moving , it 's a shame his real name was left off the official posters . ( According to IMDB , the role was portrayed by two dogs named Austin and Raleigh - nice job , you guys ! ) Below , a roundup of what the critics are saying about The Mountain Between Us and yes , that dog .
1 . `` The romance is forced and phony — after only two weeks together , the two are behaving like an old married couple . '' — San Diego Reader
2 . `` The whole not-talking thing is frustrating and improbable , but essential to J . Mills Goodloe and Chris Weitz 's script , which dispenses backstory as if through an I.V . drip , designed to just barely sustain the audience 's interest . Most of the time , character development is buried under fresh powder . '' — NPR
3 . `` [ H ] ere 's the contingency that no one prepared for : Winslet and Elba 's chemistry is frostbitten . They just do n't seem to like each other much . They look happier in their parkas than out of them . In a film where two leads are alone on screen for almost the full running time , that is the true catastrophe . When at last Alex and Ben lock eyes , we should not be looking around them to see what the dog is up to . '' — The Globe and Mail
20th Century Fox
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
4 . `` And just when you think this movie can not get more unendurable ... it does . And then some . You can see every twist telegraphed from miles away even in a driving blizzard . The Mountain Between Us is epic all right – an epic waste of talent and your time . '' — Rolling Stone
5 . `` There 's a bigger obstruction here than the mountain between the characters : it 's the story that ca n't get out of the way of itself . '' — Detroit News
6 . `` Naturally , she advocates for the heart , which he calls just “ a muscle , ” and Elba goes gung-ho for the brain . The audience , meanwhile , wishes the film genuinely had either . '' — New York Post
7 . `` Major stars are not ideal for survival stories because it 's hard to image that anything untoward will happen to their characters , especially in a film with a weakness for dog reaction shots . '' — The Los Angeles Times
20th Century Fox
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
8 . `` Instead , The Mountain Between Us is a high-altitude soap opera , woozy with overly telegraphed peril and determined to make the audience root for a couple who clearly are n't meant for each other and played by actors who deserve a generous C-minus in chemistry… I should have known when Ben early on portentously utters , “ A heart is nothing but a muscle ” that this movie , just like the plane , was destined to crash . '' — RogerEbert.com
9 . `` To watch the magnetic Idris Elba trudge through a monumental dud like The Mountain Between Us is almost physically painful . Paired with an aloof Kate Winslet — with whom he has less chemistry than he did with Wood Harris , who played his business partner on The Wire — he works very hard to appear oblivious to the script 's many idiocies . He does not succeed . — The New York Times
10 . `` Absorbing drama ought to be the one thing that Kate Winslet and Idris Elba have in plentiful supply in The Mountain Between Us . Instead , this thinly scripted survival story is as fluffy as the countless acres of powder that the two struggle to traverse . '' — The Boston Globe
11 . `` Together , they share warm chemistry . But that 's not enough to melt eye-rolling exposition or predictable twists you see coming — even in a whiteout — a mile away . '' — New York Daily News
12 . `` Winslet 's Alex and Elba 's Dr. Ben have zero romantic chemistry , though it 's not like the two seasoned actors are working with stellar material ; it 's likely that Elba 's baritone has never had to elevate a line worse than 'Candy Crush . I need to occupy my amygdala . ' '' — AV Club
13 . `` Alex has a badly broken leg and Ben is bruised all over , but not even hypothermia can make these characters as weak as their writing . '' — IndieWire
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
14 . `` The real disappointment here is how conventional the storytelling becomes and how little the two leads are challenged in anything other than the most obvious way . The one surprise is that we do n't get to hear Celine Dion over the closing credits . '' — The Independent
Follow Peggy on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bonfire night will be with us very soon and with Pype Hayes cancelled once again for 2017 , many from Sutton Coldfield will now be looking for somewhere new to go .
And the good news is you wo n't have to travel far with some events right on your doorstep .
Here 's our guide on where to watch the fireworks in and near Sutton Coldfield this year .
Little Hay Miniature Railway Bonfire Night
Where : Sutton Coldfield Model Engineering Society Ltd , Balleny Green , Little Hay , Shenstone , WS14 0QB
When : Saturday , November 11 , 6pm-9pm
Gates open for this public event at 6pm and last year the event featured unlimited free train rides .
The bonfire is expected to be lit at around 6.15 and the fireworks display at around 7.15pm , as in previous year 's but exact details have yet to be confirmed .
There is also usually free car parking off site in the field next to the Holly Bush Public House .
Tickets : Yet TBC , but last year entry was by advanced tickets only with adults priced at £12 , children £8 , toddlers £1 . For more details on how to book contact the box office on scmesbo @ gmail.com .
Bonfire Night at Sutton Coldfield RFC
Where : Roger Smoldon Ground , 160 Walmley Road , Sutton Coldfield , B76 2QA
When : Sunday , November 5 , expected to be from around 5.30pm
This is a popular family fireworks and bonfire event which in 2016 attracted close to 4,000 people .
But exact details of this year 's event have yet to be revealed .
Tickets : Also yet TBC , but last year tickets were £5 each with family tickets available for £15 ( 2 adults & 3 children ) .
You can find out nearer the event on the club 's Facebook page here .
SciFi - A Galactic Gathering
Where : Drayton Manor Theme Park , near Tamworth
When : Friday 27 , Saturday 28 and Sunday , October 29 - 7pm ( last admission 6pm )
( Image : www.draytonmanor.co.uk )
Bonfire Night food and recipes that are perfect for your November 5 fireworks party
An out of this world galatic sci-fi theme is set to light up the skies this Bonfire Night at Drayton Manor Theme Park for 2017 .
With the title of SkyFi – A Galactic Gathering , which will be held between Friday , October 27 , and Sunday , October 29 , the event is set to feature `` everyone 's favourite sci-fi characters from across the decades '' with music from popular classics such as Doctor Who , Star Trek , Star Wars and Guardians of the Galaxy .
Many rides will remain open until 9pm on each night the firework spectacular will run , including Europe 's first stand-up rollercoaster , Shockwave , gyro swing Maelstrom and the 54m drop-tower Apocalypse .
( Image : Graham Young )
Tickets : Prices are much cheaper if booked in advance for all tickets for this Drayton Manor event except for children under 3 rather than paid on the day .
On the day prices for visitors aged 12-59 £39 or £28 in advance , children aged 2-3 are £8 in advance and on the day and under 2s are FREE . You can find out more and how to bag a bargain family ticket here .
Other Bonfire Night events in the West Midlands
If you 'd prefer to celebrate Bonfire Night closer to home then you can check out or guide to events in and near Birmingham here , which includes Drayton Manor Park , Alton Towers and Ragley Hall .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Every time Saturday comes , thousands of people will be head to the jewel in Birmingham 's shopping crown – the Bullring .
There has been a market of some kind there since 1154 , taking its name from the hoop of iron to which bulls were tied for baiting .
The current huge mall has been open since 2003 and has more than 160 shops , including department stores Selfridges and Debenham 's .
( Image : Handout )
Oh , and it 's always ‘ the Bullring ' , despite efforts from marketers to make it just ‘ Bullring ' . That 's a step too far as we 've only just got used to spelling it as one word .
Scene of many a girly shopping trip , family day out or place to hang out with friends , you ca n't miss the city centre mall .
And some things about a visit there never change . Here are seven things that always happen when you go to the Bullring .
There 's always someone trying to climb on the Bull
( Image : Birmingham Post and Mail )
And several more posing next to the iconic bronze statue to have their pictures taken .
We love the Bull , but the novelty of seeing it has worn off now ( apart from when they dress it up ) and the crowds around it , snapping the third most photographed landmark in Britain , just get in the way . The other landmarks are the Houses of Parliament and London Eye , by the way .
Prepare to queue just for an escalator
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Shoppers are used to waiting for the lifts , which seem to take an age to arrive and often be packed .
But at busy times you have to wait in line to get on the escalators , too .
You 're always on the wrong floor for the toilet
And where are they , anyway ? We were sure they used to be off the staircase , now they seem to have moved round the corner .
And there are never enough maps and informational signs when you need them .
Older shoppers get nostalgic
( Image : Birmingham Post and Mail Archive )
The Bullring may be modern and shiny , but for some they still prefer it when it was the Rag Market .
They will regale anyone who will listen about the King Kong statue and the characters that used to be there , like fortune-telling Gypsy Petulengro and the Crock Man who auctioned dinner sets , lowering the price until someone bit . If no-one did , he 'd smash the lot .
( Image : Birmingham Post and Mail )
Parking is pricey and slow
The most convenient car park is underneath the shopping centre , but at the weekend you 'll probably have to queue to get in and out . Then you forget where you left your car – which floor was it again , they both look the same ?
That 's if they 're both open , as the Centre Car Park is being resurfaced until the end of March .
And it can be VERY expensive . It 's a minimum of £3 , even if you 're just there for 10 minutes . Spend a more leisurely two to three hours and it 's £7 , rising to £10 for over four hours .
No wonder wise shoppers go to surrounding places like the Arcadian and Town Hall car parks .
Best places to park in Birmingham city centre
There 's always a queue for Krispy Kremes and Nando 's
It seems the lure of the sweet doughnuts and the magical chicken is inexplicably massive .
Elsewhere , there could be a bit more choice of places to eat or just sit down for a coffee that are n't pricey chains . And normal places , not serving bubble tea .
You ca n't beat the view down from the Bull to St Martin 's Church
( Image : seanixelis )
No matter how often we see it , it 's still pretty stunning . The juxtaposition of the ancient spire and modern ‘ Dalek ' discs of Selfridges may not perhaps be to everyone 's taste , but we think it 's beautiful .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City fans have got what they 've craved - a new striker !
Isaac Vassell penned a four-year deal earlier today , arriving from Luton Town .
The 23-year-old is expected to feature in Harry Redknapp 's squad for the visit of Bolton Wanderers on Tuesday evening .
Here 's what Blues fans had to say about the club 's latest recruit .
Andy Mitchell : Looks decent player let 's see if he can step up . Just need players to supply him now !
Paul Barlow : Happy days hope he cuts it in the Championship .
Bluenoseinblackheath : This is excellent news . Out of all the potential signings that have been knocking around , this is the best one . A player on the up and keen to make a mark . His energy will spread onto the other players .
Lee Woodward : Hungry player , needs to prove a point at this level .
Ben Wood : Play him tomorrow .
Kim Sale : Young hungry player , just what we need .
AlcudiaMallorcaBlue : Great signing , any striker with pace is going to cause problems in the Championship and still at an age where he can be developed further . With a good squad around him I think he will score a few goals .
SirAngry : Glad to have an extra body through the door . Fingers crossed the move works out for Vassell and us of course .
PM43 : Brilliant news - well done Harry . Ca n't wait to see how he develops along side Che .
Is old-fashioned stock picking dying ? Faith in age-old stock-picking methods is certainly waning , judging by the recent decision of BlackRock – the world 's largest asset manager – to cut back on its active management division and instead place more emphasis on computer-driven models .
“ The democratisation of information has made it much harder for active management ” , said BlackRock chief executive Larry Fink . Since 2009 , only 11 per cent of BlackRock 's actively managed equity funds have outperformed their benchmarks , prompting Fink to “ change the ecosystem ” by “ relying more on big data , artificial intelligence , factors and models ” .
The same point was made more bluntly by BlackRock 's Mark Wiseman . “ The old way of people sitting in a room picking stocks , thinking they are smarter than the next guy – that does not work any more . ”
Such sentiments were once the preserve of advocates of passive investing strategies that track market indices . That they are now being uttered by a firm that operates a $ 275 billion active stock fund business – that 's noteworthy , and testimony to the pressures afflicting active management .
Underperforming funds
According to S & P Global data , nine out of 10 US equity funds failed to beat the market over the last year ; 94.6 per cent underperformed over the last five years ; 87.5 per cent underperformed over the last decade . Global fund figures are similarly uninspiring , with 81.2 per cent underperforming over the last 10 years .
Index funds have an inherent cost advantage . In the US , the average expense ratio for index funds is just 0.11 per cent , compared with 0.84 per cent for actively managed funds . Investors , increasingly cost conscious and disenchanted with active funds , are migrating en masse ; according to Citigroup , there has been a global swing of almost a trillion dollars from active to passive funds over the last year .
BlackRock 's move towards a more quantitative , rules-based approach is allowing it to slash the cost of its active funds , and rival fund managers are likely to follow suit
To compete , active managers have to reduce costs and make the case that their strategies are based on hard evidence . This is where computer-based strategies come in .
BlackRock 's move towards a more quantitative , rules-based approach is allowing it to slash the cost of its active funds , and rival fund managers are likely to follow suit . “ Why employ hundreds of asset managers , each selecting stocks and implementing investment strategies , when a few programmes can do it for you ? ” said Sudhir Nanda , a quantitative manager at US money manager T Rowe Price , in an interview with the Financial Times last year . “ Humans are n't going to be completely replaced [ in fund management ] , but they will be mostly replaced . ”
Smart beta
The move towards a more quantitative approach is exemplified in the enthusiasm being shown towards smart-beta strategies . Smart beta refers to exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ) that aim to achieve market-beating returns in a rules-based , index-like manner .
Researchers have long known that various investment styles have proven fruitful over long periods , and there is increased interest as to what specific factors have driven this outperformance . Some of the more well-known factors include value ( cheap stocks beat expensive stocks ) , momentum ( buy recent winners , sell recent losers ) , size ( small-cap stocks have historically outperformed big companies ) , and low risk ( less volatile stocks beat more volatile stocks ) .
Factor-based ETFs are custom-made indices that consist of stocks that satisfy specified criteria . In some cases , managers are constructing multifactor ETFs that combine a number of the above or other investment factors .
Although money is flowing out of traditional active funds , the smart-beta industry is thriving . Globally , more than $ 500 billion is invested in smart-beta ETFs . BlackRock estimates this will rise to $ 1 trillion by 2020 , and $ 2.4 trillion by 2025 . Continued price pressures and increased competition mean fees for such ETFs continue to fall .
The merits of adopting a rules-based , quantitative approach over a subjective , discretionary one are hard to dispute . A mountain of academic literature indicates that models generally beat humans . One major meta-analysis examined 136 studies across multiple fields – medicine , mental health , education and training , and more – comparing the performance of simple quantitative models to expert human judgment . The models either beat or equalled experts on 94 per cent of occasions ; the experts ' few victories were when they had more information than the models .
Behavioural foibles
One of the reasons is that models are dispassionate , whereas human judgment is undermined by all kinds of behavioural foibles such as overconfidence and loss aversion .
These self-defeating tendencies were exemplified last year in a study co-authored by quantitative money manager Victor Haghani . The study involved 61 quantitatively-trained people who were given $ 25 and asked to place bets for 30 minutes on a rigged coin that will come up heads 60 per cent of the time . Strictly following a rules-based approach would have generated a tenfold profit but most “ managed their betting very sub-optimally ” , displaying “ as many behavioural and cognitive biases as you can shake a stick at ” .
According to a report last month by Boston-based financial consultancy Opimas , increased automation is likely to result in 230,000 fewer people working in capital markets by 2025
The financial industry is increasingly conscious of these limitations . Behavioural finance , once a niche field , is now decidedly mainstream . References to the work of psychologist Daniel Kahneman , whose research into the cognitive quirks that bedevil human judgment won him a Nobel Prize in economics in 2002 , can be found in every second analyst report these days . Indeed , Wiseman 's crack about “ people sitting in a room picking stocks , thinking they are smarter than the next guy ” has a decidedly Kahneman-like air about it .
Consequently , the “ computers good , humans bad ” trend is only likely to accelerate . According to a report last month by Boston-based financial consultancy Opimas , increased automation is likely to result in 230,000 fewer people working in capital markets by 2025 .
“ The asset-management industry will shrink most , with around 90,000 people being replaced by machines ” , it said .
Flash crashes
Computers , of course , are also imperfect , as evidenced by occasional flash crashes in financial markets . “ Computers are the new dumb money , ” said Ritholtz Wealth Management chief executive Josh Brown in 2015 , following chaotic market trading on August 24th of that year that pummelled the share prices of some of the world 's biggest companies .
People knew companies like JPMorgan , Facebook and Starbucks should not have fallen up to 22 per cent in the first few minutes of trading that day , said Brown ; in contrast , machines “ can only do what they 've been programmed to do . There 's no art , there 's no philosophy and there 's no common sense involved . ”
There 's no denying computers can go wrong , and that calm stock pickers can profit when markets occasionally go haywire . Still , investors have clearly lost patience with paying high fees for underperforming stock-picking managers , and there is often a nagging doubt in relation to the handful of outperformers as to whether their success is the product of luck or skill .
In contrast , computer-based investment vehicles are cheap , transparent and offer the promise of a more scientific , data-driven approach .
Old-fashioned stock pickers may believe they still have a vital role to play but BlackRock 's actions indicate the writing is on the wall . “ It is hard to deliver value to clients through traditional means of investing , ” admitted Wiseman . “ The active equity industry needs to change . ”
HALIFAX — Opposition members of the legislature in Nova Scotia spoke through the early hours today in an effort to slow down legislation that would impose a new four-year contract for the province 's teachers .
Once passed , the Teachers Professional Agreement and Classroom Improvement Act would end a 16-month long contract dispute .
Second reading of the bill occurred after midnight , allowing each member to speak up to an hour about its provisions .
Premier Stephen McNeil has said it 's time to act after the union membership rejected three tentative agreements recommended by the union 's executive .
The new contract contains a three per cent salary increase and incorporates many of the elements contained in the first two tentative agreements rejected by members of the Nova Scotia Teachers Union .
A third tentative deal was rejected last week by a vote of 78.5 per cent .
Union president Liette Doucet says her membership is angered by the imposition of a deal that actually loses the minor gains contained in the most recently rejected deal .
The Canadian Press
The future location of the two EU agencies based in London will be a matter for Brexit negotiations , the British government 's Brexit department said on Monday , despite statements by EU officials that there was no doubt the organisations would be moved .
London is currently home to both the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) and the European Banking Authority ( EBA ) .
Last month , the EU 's draft plan for Brexit negotiations said arrangements should be made to transfer the two agencies to another state within the EU .
EU officials said European Council president Donald Tusk aimed to set out some procedures for making the choices for the future locations of the agencies by the time EU leaders meet next on April 29th .
However , a spokeswoman for Britain 's Brexit department said in a statement on Monday : “ No decisions have been taken about the location of the European Banking Authority or the European Medicines Agency , these will be subject to the exit negotiations .
“ As part of these negotiations , the government will discuss with the EU and member states how best to continue co-operation in the fields of banking and medicines regulation , in the best interests of both the UK and the EU .
“ It would not be appropriate to prejudge the outcome of the negotiations . ”
EU officials say there is no question of Britain keeping the EMA and EBA , whatever ties it may keep with the agencies after Brexit .
Only member states could accommodate the agencies , one said , adding : “ The agencies are lost . You can not have your cake and eat it . ”
In the draft Brexit negotiating guidelines , issued on March 31st and broadly endorsed by the EU 's 27 remaining member states last week , Mr Tusk made clear the UK has no say in the location of the agencies : “ The future location of the seats of EU agencies and facilities located in the UK is a matter for the 27 member states . ”
He added : “ Arrangements should be found to facilitate their transfer . ”
Negotiating positions
Leaders of the 27 remaining members states meet in Brussels later this month to finalise their opening negotiating positions .
Securing the headquarters of EU agencies is a traditional blood sport at EU summits , where fierce national arguments often erupt before decisions are taken .
Most of the 27 have expressed an interest in hosting both the EMA and EBA .
EU officials doubt any final decisions can be made in the coming months , but say leaders do want to ease uncertainty for existing staff and allow time for recruitment and the development of necessary infrastructure in the agencies ' new locations before the UK leaves the union in March 2019 .
Earlier this month , the EMA 's executive director told Reuters it was preparing to pack its bags and relocate and called for a quick decision on the agency 's new home .
The EMA , which approves and monitors the safety of drugs across Europe , employs nearly 900 staff , while the EBA , which co-ordinates EU banking rules , has 160 staff .
Reuters
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are reportedly returning hundreds of wedding gifts .
The Suits star and sixth-in-line to the throne are sending back presents thought to be worth more than £7 million .
After strict palace guidelines , royal aides are trying to stop companies from using the new Duke and Duchess of Sussex for publicity .
When receiving freebies from businesses , Kensington Palace said : `` When gifts are accepted , the consent of the Member of the Royal Family should be contingent upon the enterprise undertaking not to exploit the gift for commercial purposes . ''
One company who sent the couple a gift is Bags of Love , according to the Express .
The company makes personalised swimwear and are understood to have sent Prince Harry and Meghan a matching bikini and swimming trunk combo , The Mirror reported .
According to Kensington Palace guidelines : `` Gifts offered by private individuals living in the UK not personally known to the Member of the Royal Family should be refused where there are concerns about the propriety or motives of the donor or the gift itself . ''
The newlyweds specifically requested well-wishers did not send gifts and instead donate to a list of chosen charities that champion issues that are close to their hearts .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a statement on the couple 's wedding day to say the country would donate £29,000 to a youth charity called Jumpstart .
New Zealand 's Prime Minister Jacinda Arden told reporters that on behalf of the country , New Zealand was making a £2,500 donation to a charity that supports children and families of prisoners called Pillars .
The Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the country will make a donation to the Invictus Games charity , which is hosted in Sydney this year .
Kensington Palace has not revealed the total amount of money raised in donations .
Ratings for the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan , Duchess of Sussex were a third lower than those for the marriage of Harry 's brother William , new figures show .
A combined audience of 11.5 million people watched Harry and Meghan tie the knot on May 19 this year – 8.9 million on BBC One and 2.6 million on ITV .
But 17.6 million tuned in for the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in April 2011 : 13.6 million on BBC One plus 4.0 million on ITV .
It means the combined audience for Harry 's wedding was 35 % down on the equivalent figure for his brother .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Harry also failed to pull in as many viewers as his uncle Prince Edward , whose wedding in June 1999 to Sophie , Countess of Wessex enjoyed a combined BBC One/ITV audience of 14.8 million .
The new figures – published by Barb – are consolidated ratings , and include those who recorded the wedding and watched it up to seven days later .
Royal weddings have a history of being one of the most-viewed TV events of the year , but 2018 may turn out to be different .
Harry and Meghan 's ratings of 11.5 million could be beaten next month by audiences for England 's matches in the World Cup .
And in the autumn , ratings of over 12 million are likely for the BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing and ITV 's I 'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here ! .
The biggest ever UK TV audience for a royal wedding was recorded in July 1981 , when an estimated 28 million watched Charles marry Lady Diana Spencer .
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over .
Related : Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift 's favor awarding her the symbolic $ 1 she was countersuing for , according to CNN .
In a statement Swift wrote :
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration , my attorneys Doug Baldridge , Danielle Foley , Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault , and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process .
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life , in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this . My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard . Therefore , I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves .
The jury also found the singer 's mother , Andrea Swift , and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference .
Are you a saver or a spender ?
In the good days , I used to be a saver . Fortunately , before 2008 , I had accumulated savings , which carried my business through some difficult years , although I was just about at the bottom of the barrel when the economy turned . For the past seven years , there has n't been much opportunity to save . I think I still have my communion money in the Post Office .
Do you shop around for better value ?
Sandymount Hotel has recently spent almost €6 million on refurbishment , catching up on work that needed to be done and preparing for upgrade to four-star . Shopping around for value is vital to make the most of work carried out .
What has been your most extravagant purchase and how much did it cost ?
In 1999 , I bought my brother 's 50 per cent share of the hotel . I ca n't divulge the cost , but it was half the then capital value of a substantial property . Overnight , the business had a new and large debt , which immediately changed the dynamic . I still have a little bit to go before it is fully paid off .
What purchase have you made that you consider the best value for money ?
Audrey , my wife , worked for my parents as a receptionist in the hotel . I am in the unusual position of my wife having been interviewed by my parents before I met her . We are happily married for 37 years . Her wedding ring is the best value purchase I have ever made .
How do you prefer to shop – online or local ?
I mainly shop local . I live in Blackrock and we are spoiled for choice , with a wide variety of shops in the area . I shop online for unusual items .
Do you haggle overprices ?
I love haggling , particularly in local markets . However , my wife gets embarrassed and walks away . Last year at a street market in Hue , Vietnam , I bought a beautiful painting for $ 100 , which now hangs in my office .
Has the recession changed your spending habits ?
Until 2007 , we used to go on an annual family skiing holiday . In 2010 , we sold our holiday home in Brittas Bay . My last car purchase was a Porsche in 2003 , which I bought from the proceeds of a property sale . Now , I mainly drive a Piaggio Scooter , which I love . My spending habits have certainly changed : the recession has made me differentiate between what I want and what I need , which is no bad thing .
Do you invest in shares ?
] Not really . I did have shares in Anglo Irish Bank . I have a couple of Ryanair shares for years . Thank you , Michael O ' Leary .
Cash or card ?
Nowadays , like everyone , I have shifted from cash to card , direct debit and online payments . I am conscious how expensive credit card debt is , however , and I always clear the balance in full at the end of each month .
What was the last thing you bought and was it good value for money ?
Last week , I was minding my two granddaughters . We sneaked up to Smyths toy shop where I spoiled them rotten . They were full of excitement running up and down the aisles trying to decide what toy to buy . Seeing their eyes light up , of course it was good value for money .
Have you ever successfully saved up for a relatively big purchase ?
] When I was a student in Trinity College , I set up a small restaurant that I ran independently in what was then my parents ' hotel . I was studying during the day and working at night seven days a week . It was hard work , but by the time I was 24 , I had saved the deposit for my first house .
Have you ever lost money ?
I never lost money until 2008 . I was then losing every year for five years through 2012 . Thankfully , in mid-2013 the economy turned and I am happy to say we are back in profit .
Are you a gambler and if so have you ever had a big win ?
In business , every decision is a gamble . After 62 years , we have survived as the oldest family-run hotel in Dublin . That 's a big win .
Is money important to you ?
In the 1920s , my grandparents were given £5 a season for two of my fathers ' brothers who were farm servant boys . They contracted TB and died , partly due to poor conditions , so I am aware of the consequences of poverty . In 2007 , I worked at Marian Finucane 's Friends in Ireland charity in Lusikisiki , South Africa , and , in 2016 , my wife and I visited some poorer parts of Vietnam and Cambodia . It is amazing how happy these people are with very little . Money is not nearly as important as the people in my life .
How much money do you have on you now ?
€20 – that will cover petrol for the scooter and the emergency call for milk and bread !
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The United Nations said Monday it received official notification of the Philippines ' decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court , a move that follows the tribunal 's announcement of a preliminary probe of drug suspect killings under the president .
U.N. deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said the Office of Legal Affairs ' treaty section received a document Saturday signed by Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano informing Secretary-General Antonio Guterres of the Philippines ' decision to pull out of the ICC .
Haq said the document “ constitutes a notification ” under the Rome Statute that established the court , and “ the withdrawal shall therefore take effect for the Philippines one year after the date of receipt , i.e. , on March 17 , 2019 . ”
Last month , ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda , announced that she was opening a preliminary examination into a complaint by a Filipino lawyer of suspected extrajudicial killings under President Rodrigo Duterte 's anti-drug campaign , which could amount to crimes against humanity .
The move angered Duterte , who announced last Wednesday that he was withdrawing the Philippine ratification of the Rome Statute “ effective immediately . ”
Although the Philippine Senate ratified the Rome Statute , Duterte said the treaty was never enforced in the country because it was not published in the government journal as required by law .
He cited “ a concerted effort ” by Bensouda and U.N. human rights officials “ to paint me as a ruthless and heartless violator of human rights . ”
More than 4,000 mostly poor drug suspects have been killed under Duterte 's drug crackdown , according to the national police , although human rights groups have reported larger death tolls .
Duterte argued last Wednesday that the killings do not amount to crimes against humanity , genocide or similar atrocities .
Duterte 's action came under fire from human rights groups , who said the president was trying to evade accountability by backing out of the ICC .
The International Criminal Court , which began operating in 2002 , is the world 's first permanent war crimes tribunal . Currently , 124 countries are parties to the Rome Statute .
Under the treaty , the court can step in only when countries themselves are unwilling or unable to dispense justice for genocide , crimes against humanity or war crimes .
South Korean judge O-Gon Kwon , president of the Assembly of States Parties to the ICC , expressed regret at Duterte 's decision to withdraw and encouraged the Philippines to remain a party to the court .
“ A state party withdrawing from the Rome Statute would negatively impact our collective efforts towards fighting impunity , ” he said .
Be quick , the Hot Buys do n't last forever
If you 're a member of Costco you can save a lot of money - especially when you take advantage of their Hots Buys which change regularly .
Derby has its own Costco warehouse , in Wyvernside , and once you 're a member you can also shop online where you can take advantage of free shipping .
The American company 's Hot Buys represent the best value for money and you can save hundreds of pounds on quality items from household goods and electronic gadgets to clothes and food .
We 've taken a look at some of this month 's Hot Buys , many of which you can get in store . The company also has a fair , often no quibble returns policy .
We 've picked out six of their best current bargains .
X
By using this website , you consent to our use of cookies . For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy
By Rotimi Agbana
For the second time in 2-years , Eric Many , the record label that signed Nigerian popstar , Runtown has filed an injunction at a Federal High court against the singer for breach of contract .
The entertainment company served Runtown the court papers a few days back Suit No : FHC/L/CS/267/2018 with a statement that partly reads , ‘ Runtown has been deliberately breaching his contract with us ( Eric Many ) for a while and despite our many appeals to him he has refused to bulge .
He went for a show in Las Vegas since January 13th , 2018 and has since decided to withdraw all obligations of his contract . He has steadily been recording an album without the consent and approval of his record label ' .
According to the statement of claim filed at the Federal High Court , by Eric Many , “ a Recording Agreement was made between the Plaintiff and the Defendant dated 22nd June 2016 , the copyright and other intellectual property and cognate rights and legal positions and protections applicable to all works done by the Defendant during an initial period of two years covered by the Agreement , is vested in the Plaintiff .
The Plaintiff will rely on a copy of the said Recording Agreement at trial . 7 . Under the Agreement , parties recognize and acknowledge the sum of N114,456,670.00 ( One Hundred and Fourteen Million , Four Hundredand Fifty Six A Thousand , Six A Hundred and Seventy Naira ) as “ Prior Investment ” , representing the sum invested by the Plaintiff into the development of the Defendant 's musical works and records under the defunct ‘ Artiste Agreement ' , precursor to the ‘ Recording Agreement ” .
In a press statement issued this morning , the label also states that , “ he 's recording with artists like Del B without the written approval of the label and without an Eric Many appointees at the point of recording as agreed in our contract .
Runtown has also been appearing in venues and collecting appearance fees without the approval of the label and also performing in private shows without the label 's consent which contravenes clause 4.4.1 of his record deal which states that ‘ the Defendant ( Runtown ) can only engage in recording , collaborating or performing with other artistes for third parties or other record companies upon proper notification in advance to the Plaintiff .
Upon this notification , the Plaintiff would then enter into an agreement with the collaborating artiste or his record company to ensure that the Plaintiff and the Defendant receive proper credit , legal/copyright protection and compensation for the collaborative work ” .
Though Runtown 's record deal with Eric Many is due to expire at some point this year , the label says he still owes the company alot of money including , ‘ Hundreds of millions in Naira from the Lamborghini Gallardo super-fast car which he still has to pay back to the label and and also an album that must be released through the right channels .
He has been doing numerous collaborations with several artists without getting the written approval of the label and as a result , no royalties have come back to the label from any of these collaborations . He has been warned severally about this on numerous occasions but he refused to listen , so we as the label had to go to court to stop him from these dubious actions ' .
The label also confirms sacking his current manager , Ifeanyi Nwunne saying , ‘ Eric Many has also fired Ifeanyi Nwunne as Runtown 's manager . He is more of a drug addict that smokes marijuana round the clock . A new manager will be appointed soonest ' .
Eric Many in its statement of claim is seeking the sum of “ N65 MILLION being General Damages against the Defendant ( Runtown ) in favour of the Plaintiff for infringement of the Plaintiff 's copyright to the collaborative musical works “ Call Me ” and “ Weekend ” both of which featured the Defendant and N5 MILLION as costs of this action ” .
“ Eric Many has chosen to hold back on anything pertaining to Runtown , till further investigations . This means that anyone who engages Runtown without a written approval from Eric Many , signed by the chairman , will be sued heavily .
This will be the second time in two years that Runtown has had to face off with his label . In May 2016 , he was sued in the Federal High Court by Eric Many on allegations that he signs up , concludes and attends musical shows without the knowledge of the label . Back then , Eric Many also secured a court injunction stopping Runtown from performing as an artiste anywhere in the world . He later went back to the label to apologize and the case was settled out of court .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Goals from Højbjerg and Soares see off plucky Wigan as the Saints reach the semi-final in Mark Hughes ' first game in charge .
U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford , left , talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul , South Korea , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 . Pool Photo via AP Kim Hong-Ji
Dear Reader ,
As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
As one of our loyal readers , we ask you to be our partner .
For $ 5 a month you will receive access to the following :
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew , Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel 's story to the world .
Thank you ,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman , CEO , Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz , Editor-in-Chief
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Garry Monk admits Birmingham City must be sensible in the ‘ insane ' transfer market - but insists the club has the wherewithal to strengthen .
After last summer 's outlay the Blues manager is conscious of the need to reduce the number of professionals registered with the club .
But in terms of bringing in new players , Kristian Pedersen is reported to have cost £2.2m , and there is an interest in Lewis Grabban who is being touted at around £5m .
Those are signs that Monk 's hands are not tied .
“ As I said when I came in here there are a lot of contracted players , if you look at it on a spreadsheet there 's a huge amount of players for first team status , ” he told BirminghamLive .
“ It 's about making sure we can cut that whilst making sure we can get what we want . That 's been ongoing .
“ In terms of recruiting players , those are discussions between me and the owners but there is a situation there where we can do business - as long as it 's within a sensible range . I am comfortable with that .
“ Football is a stupid market but there are a few things you can do , a few gems out there - like with Kristian [ Pedersen ] I think that 's a really good piece of business form ourselves .
“ And hopefully when he goes forward he will show that .
“ It 's a very difficult market , it 's a bit of an insane industry . But I am very comfortable with doing something we feel is the right thing to do .
“ Football is never a realistic market , that has gone a long time ago . It 's difficult for every single club , every club has different means .
“ What we are trying to do is something sensible . Of course we want to fight hard and do as best as possible working in a market like that .
“ But it 's doing the right thing , the sensible thing - that 's what we are trying to work with along with the senior board and the owner .
“ Every club is at the same stage right now , there are a few signings and comings and goings but what we want to try and avoid is anything hectic and last minute .
“ We have done a lot of work behind the scenes trying to recruit players and target certain players . If we can do that within our budget and it suits us we will do it . ”
Monk admits he might find better bounce for his buck in continental markets - but the real value lies not in the provenance of a player but the player himself .
“ There can be , of course the British market is a lot more difficult , ” he continued .
“ But I do n't really look at it like that , when I am analysing players there are a lot of things that go into that , character-wise , not just as a footballer but as a human .
“ They have to fall into that bracket . I do n't really care where you are from .
“ There are certain characteristics you need to have and if you are from Africa , Europe , South America or England it 's those characteristics you have to have . ”
Digga latest
David Davis has provided an injury bulletin after suffering an untimely injury .
Davis hurt his knee in pre-season training at the Trillion Trophy Training Centre at Wast Hills on Monday .
Blues revealed the midfielder was undergoing surgery on the joint today - and the player himself has revealed the operation went well .
He also promised to return stronger and expressed his gratitude to Bluenoses who sent their best wishes .
Tweeting from his @ Diggad1991 Twitter account , he wrote : `` Op successful ! Ill be back stronger than ever thanks for the messages of support means alot # kro . ''
A statement on the club website earlier today said : “ The 27-year-old has been booked in for an operation today .
“ Thereafter , the club will have a clearer picture of his required rehabilitation process and will update in due course .
“ The misfortune is naturally major blow for Davis , who was looking in excellent shape in pre-season , and Manager Garry Monk . ”
Davis looked set to be an important player under Garry Monk this season and to build on the contract extension announced in May .
He has made 167 appearances since joining from Wolves in the summer of 2014 and is one of the few players to have been picked by every Blues manager in the last 18 months .
Season ticket news
Two successive relegation battles and still Birmingham City supporters ' craving for their club grows , with season ticket sales booming .
Just as they bought into the Harry Redknapp revolution last summer , Blues fans are getting behind Garry Monk 's new era - in even greater numbers .
In fact the club believe they could even surpass last year 's mark of around 14,000 , which was boosted by Redknapp 's bullish optimism and summer shopping .
Blues have n't been anything like as active in the transfer market under Monk - and they wo n't be with the manager talking in terms of evolution rather than revolution .
poll loading Would Lewis Grabban be a good signing for Blues ? 2000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
But the feelgood factor generated by five wins from the final nine games of last term has clearly spanned the off-season , with just a month to go before the curtain-raiser against Norwich City .
Despite a third brush with the drop in five years attendances rose last season and the average broke the 20,000 mark for the first time since the Premier League days .
By the end of the campaign they averaged 21,042 - well over 2,000 up on the previous season .
At least one shot was fired during a robbery call Tuesday morning , according to Henderson police .
According to Officer Scott Williams , of Henderson police , officers responded at 8 a.m. to a check cashing business at 130 N. Boulder Highway , near Lake Mead Parkway for a report of a robbery .
Williams said a male suspect dressed in a hoody with a blue surgical mask entered the business . He was armed with a firearm and demanded money before leaving the business with an undisclosed amount of cash .
As the suspect left the business , officers arrived at the scene , Williams said . The suspect left the area on foot . Officers followed the suspect , who fired at least one shot from the firearm , Williams said .
The suspect jumped over a wall into the 300 block of Taylor Street , where he was detained by officers , Williams said .
No injuries were reported .
An investigation is ongoing .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Chromebooks are as basic as they get , and their utilitarian design does n't belie that fact . However , the new Chromebook Pro by Samsung ( KRX:005930 ) is looking to shed that image , albeit at $ 549 .
Granted the price tag is a bit steep , but this is not your garden variety Chromebook . The first noticeable difference is a metal body that will be essential to manipulate the 2-in-1 design . With this type of design , the next logical application is a tablet feature with a stylus , and Samsung does n't disappoint .
The stylus is hidden on the side of the Chromebook , and once you get it out , you can fold the Pro and annotate , draw or use it as a laser pointer to highlight objects on the 12.3-inch , 2400 x 1600 pixel LED display . The computer is powered by a 2.2GHz Intel Core M3 processor , 4GB of RAM , 32GB of internal storage and a 39Wh battery that should deliver around eight hours of life .
The ports include two USB Type-C connections that support charging and 4K video output , a MicroSD card slot , 802.11 WiFi , Bluetooth 4.0 , dual-array mic and a 720p webcam . There is also an Accelerometer and a Gyroscope all packed in an 11″ x 8.7″ x .55″ form unit and weighing in at 2.4 pounds .
Samsung has evolved the Chromebook into a writing instrument and a tablet , which for many small business owners who were n't considering this particular platform could be the deciding factor . The Chromebook is essentially a web browser , with all the applications and resources stored in the cloud .
This has many benefits for businesses that do n't want their employees carrying all their information on their computers . The new Chrome OS also integrates Android apps ( currently in Beta ) , which will make it just as easy to continue working if there is not a connection .
The Samsung Chromebook Pro is going to be available in April of 2017 . If you ca n't wait , you can get the Chromebook Plus for $ 449 with all the same specs , except you will be getting an ARM processor .
January is the middle of the birthing and mating season — the male elephant seals are usually at the Piedras Blancas rookery from December to March . Males fight for dominance and the right to breed with the female elephant seals , according to Friends of the Elephant Seal . During the peak of mating season , about 90 percent of adult males will have fresh wounds from fights like these .
There 's no denying the fact that recent advancements on the LED front have created upheaval in the design , distribution , installation , and maintenance arenas . Today , designers have an amazing array of options to choose from when it comes to luminaire types , control system configurations , and control devices . Distributors and wholesalers are scrambling to figure out how best to position themselves in a market that 's changing at such a rapid pace , and one that 's so different ...
Anne Richard , a former Assistant Secretary of State , talks with Houston Matters about how the politics of refugee assistance has changed .
Anne Richard is the former Assistant Secretary of State for Population , Refugees and Migration . It 's a bureau within the State Department that provides assistance to refugees , people who 've been displaced , and other victims of conflict from around the world . At one point , the bureau had a budget of $ 3.4 billion .
Richard recently gave a talk at the University of Houston . She sat down with Houston Matters producer Maggie Martin to talk about how the politics of refugee assistance have changed .
Monthly Share a Meal today
TROY — Start the new year out with a warm nourishing meal at First United Church of Christ 's monthly Share a Meal from 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. today .
This program is free to anyone in need of a meal and offers an opportunity to socialize with others . The menu includes chili , baked potatoes , gelatin , cake and beverages . Carry outs will be available at 12:30 p.m. as quantities last . The church is located at 120 S. Market Street , Troy . Please use the Canal Street entrance . Handicapped accessible .
Ash Wednesday services set
TROY — All are welcome to join First Lutheran Church Sunday for its 8:30 a.m. traditional service and 10:30 a.m. blended service . Pastor Holst will preach the sermon “ He Will Raise You Up. ” There is always a special message for children during the worship services and Sunday school will be offered for all ages .
FLC invites the community to join in a happy time of fellowship at a Shrove Tuesday pancake dinner at 5:30 p.m. on Feb. 13 . FLC will also hold Ash Wednesday community worship services with the imposition of ashes and Holy Communion At 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. on Feb. 14 .
Call ( 937 ) 335-2323 for more information . The church is located at 2899 W. Main St .
Cancer support group to meet
TROY — St. Patrick Church is offering a cancer support group , Finding Hope by Learning the Facts about Cancer .
Meetings will be held at 7 p.m. on the second Thursday of each month . Next month , Feb. 8 , the group will discuss cancer side effects with Dr. Carlos Machicao .
All are welcome to these informative sessions held in St Patrick Parish Center , 444 E. Water St , Troy .
Please feel free to contact Pat Smith at ( 937 ) 335-2833 , ext . 105 , with any questions .
Ginghamsburg to host marriage conference
TIPP CITY — Justin and Trisha Davis , founders of RefineUs Ministries , are bringing their dynamic marriage conference to Ginghamsburg Church , 6759 S. County Rd 25-A in Tipp City , on Friday and Saturday , Feb. 9-10 .
The couple has been featured on shows such as Focus on the Family , Family Life Today and other nationally syndicated programs and at conferences like Catalyst .
Details and registration at refineus.eventbrite.com . Questions ? Contact Jody at jwilloughby @ ginghamsburg.org .
Pancake breakfast set
PLEASANT HILL — The Pleasant Hill United Church of Christ will hold a pancake and sausage breakfast from 8-11 a.m. on Saturday , Feb. 10 . Donations will be accepted . The menu includes all-you-can-eat pancakes , sausage , scrambled eggs , toast , juice , and coffee , tea , or milk .
The church is located in Pleasant Hill , one block west of the intersection of State Route 48 and State Route 718 . Contact the church office at ( 937 ) 676-3193 for more information .
Troy View plans potpie dinner
TROY — Troy View Church will host a chicken potpie dinner from 4-6:30 p.m. on Saturday , Feb. 10 . Carry outs will be available .
The menu includes an old fashioned chicken potpie ( dumpling ) dinner with mashed potatoes , green beans , assorted desserts and drinks . Adults meals are $ 8 and $ 5 for children ages 4-12 . Children 3 years old and under eat for free .
Grief support group sessions start Feb. 14
TROY — St. Patrick Church will be offering “ Griefshare , ” a seminar and support group to the parish and the local community . This is a weekly seminar/support group for people grieving the cessation of a close personal relationship by death .
This program will be held in the St. Patrick Parish Center , 444 E. Water St. , upstairs in Room 3 , each Wednesday for 13 weeks . There are two sessions , an afternoon session from 1-2:30 p.m. or an evening meeting from 7-8:30 p.m . The spring session begins Feb. 14 .
Ginghamsburg to host forum and retreat
TIPP CITY — Parents and ministry leaders , as well as teachers , school counselors and administrators from across the Miami Valley are invited to a forum , “ Navigating Relationships and Sex , ” with Stuart Hall on Friday , Feb. 16 , from 6:30-8 p.m. at Ginghamsburg Church Worship Center .
In addition to the forum with Hall , students grade 6-12 are invited to RealLove18 Retreat on Saturday , Feb. 17 from 1:30-10pm at the Avenue at Ginghamsburg . The retreat will also be led by Stuart Hall and will focus on three areas : priorities , healthy dating ( dating for marriage ) and compromises and guardrails like lusting , pornography and social media . The day will include worship , main sessions and breakout groups by grade and gender .
Princess ball planned
COVINGTON — Fields of Grace 's will host the fourth annual princess ball on Saturday , Feb. 17 , from 6-8 p.m at the Covington Eagles Hall .
The ball will this year feature Moana from the movie “ Moana. ” Every little girl will have a chance to meet her and have their picture taken with the princess . There will also be a photo booth with an island theme for additional pictures and fun . Light snacks and drinks will be served , as well as a candy bar for treats to take home .
There will be a $ 10 per family admittance . All who are attending are asked to enter at the entrance located on Debra Street .
For more information please contact Fields of Grace , Tuesday through Thursday at ( 937 ) 573-4282 , visit www.fieldsofgrace.org or like Fields of Grade on Facebook .
Kettering 's Children 's Choirs to perform
TROY — The Kettering Children 's Choirs are performing in Troy at 3 p.m. on Sunday , April 8 . This nondenominational event will be held at the First United Methodist Church , 130 W. Franklin St. , Troy .
The Kettering Children 's Choirs have established a local and national reputation of choral excellence and is one of the largest and most successful children 's choral programs in the state of Ohio . The program includes more than 200 singers from nine counties and 30 Miami Valley communities . Singers range in age from 8 to 18 and are admitted to the program by audition .
The Troy Mayors ' Concerts , Inc. are pleased to bring the Kettering Children 's Choirs to Troy through the support of many individuals , corporate sponsors and foundations including The Paul G. Duke Foundation , The Troy Foundation , and the Illinois Tool Works Foundation .
Ladies retreat planned
COVINGTON — Stillwater Community Church will hold its 2018 Ladies Retreat on March 10 at Newton High School .
The retreat will begin at 8 a.m. with breakfast and end at 3 p.m . The theme is “ All I 's On You ” and the speaker is Melody Mitchell , a youth supervisor to inner city high schools in Dayton with at-risk youth , a Bible teacher and director of Disaster relief in her church , and a representative for Voice Of The Martyrs .
For more information call : 216-4481 or Facebook : Stillwater Community Church .
Turkmenistan President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov greets journalists after casting his ballot at a polling station in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
Ashgabat : Turkmenistan 's incumbent president has won re-election in a widely anticipated landslide victory , election authorities said on Monday .
Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov garnered nearly 97.7 per cent of the vote in the gas-rich Central Asian nation , Election Commission chairman Gulmurat Muradov told reporters . Muradov said the results from Sunday 's election are preliminary and that election authorities still have to count ballots cast in Turkmenistan 's embassies abroad .
The commission said turnout exceeded 97 per cent of the electorate for the election , the first to feature candidates from non-government parties on the central Asian country 's ballot .
The eight other candidates in the race had all expressed support for Berdymukhamedov 's government , however .
Berdymukhamedov has been the overwhelmingly dominant figure in the former Soviet republic since late 2006 , when he assumed power after the death of Saparmurat Niyazov .
The country last year amended the constitution to extend the presidential term to seven years from five , and eliminated the age limit of 70 , effectively allowing Berdymukhamedov to be president for life .
Under Berdymukhamedov , a law was adopted to allow non-government parties , although such parties are strictly vetted . The candidates nominally competing with Berdymukhamedov were allowed to meet with voters in theaters and cultural centers , but the encounters were not televised and no debates were held .
Port of Olympia Executive Director Ed Galligan was put on administrative leave Monday night after the commission took action in executive session following Monday 's port commission meeting . Staff file Steve Bloom
Hina On NOT Repeating Clothes On Bigg Boss
Hina says that it was conscious decision to not repeat clothes . She was quoted by News18 as saying , `` It was n't about nightwear , it was about wearing different clothes . I do n't know what went in to my mind and I decided I do n't want to repeat things in Bigg Boss . I did my bit and it kind of worked out for me . It was a wise decision to do what I did . ''
Hina Says…
When asked whether there was any reason for deciding the same , she said , `` A lot of people tell me that I 've this La La Land where I live . I want to live the way I want to , I want to dress up the way I want to . So it just came in my mind that I 'm not repeating clothes , so I 'm not repeating clothes . ''
Vikas Called Her Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham 's Pooh ( Kareena Kapoor )
Hina even says , `` Vikas used to call me Pooh sometimes , you 're like one Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ki Pooh ( Kareena Kapoor ) - repeat nahi karungi clothes . ''
Hina On Khatron Ke Khiladi
Hina feels Bigg Boss game her a chance to show my fashion side . She was quoted by the entertainment portal as saying , `` First Khatron , but Khatron was more of a sporty kind of show . ''
Bigg Boss Gave Her A Chance To Show Her Fashion Side
`` Most of the time we used to wear sporty clothes . But Bigg Boss for that matter gave me a bigger platform where I could show people that we can look different , dress differently and it can look good on us . ''
Bigg Boss Is Not Scripted !
Hina also clarified that Bigg Boss is not scripted . She was quoted by IANS as saying , `` Bigg Boss is not at all a scripted show , but a very well-edited show . It 's a brilliantly edited show . You see something , you react so whosoever said whatever ... I do n't blame anyone ... ''
by
Executive orders
Strange things happen in Washington D. C. Especially during this political season .
The president of this country has this handy little ruse whereby he ( or she ) can create
Several Christian fundamentalist schools have been downgraded in the UK after a government watchdog group followed up on an exclusive report done by The Independent .
What :
Beautiful hand-painted slide-on 's for charity .
Why :
I 've been trying to do this blog for about a year , and I 'm not even exaggerating . ALEPEL approached me months and months ago about its newest Capsule Collection ; featuring beautiful one-of-a-kind hand-painted slide-on 's , but then IRMA happened and my schedule fell apart and then LIFE happened and now , here we are .
I 've always been a big believer that things happen in life as they should ; when we 're open and ready to receive them . That 's how I feel about “ Sole-ful Art ” . I 've needed something “ feel good ” and meaningful , especially now .
Like a lot of people in our country , I 've been in despair over some of our extreme and sometimes heartbreaking problems : mass shootings , political rhetoric and societal issues . Making matters worse ? How we 're treating one another .
Listen , I do n't wan na open up a can of worms here . After all , this is a fashion blog AND over the years I 've dedicated myself to making Favorite Things a safe harbor of feel-good stories & experiences , but my heart is heavy as I watch our country fuel its own vitriolic divide . Fighting for what you believe in is one thing , but disparaging others and becoming a mean-spirited tyrant is another .
When I open social media these days I literally wince , especially Facebook and Twitter . My friends , family , even journalists ( who btw are supposed to be non-biased ) spew opinionated hate . Is this really the world we 're living in ? Of course , I already know the answer . YES .
I do n't expect us to all hold hands and sing “ Kumbaya ; ” I know how the world works and it can be a cold , hard place . I 'm talking about just common human decency . Love thy neighbor ? Treat people the way you want to be treated ? Is the Golden Rule dead or is she just taking a leave of absence ? My gut instinct makes me shudder .
Then I remember something my parents taught me . One person 's attitude , decorum and behavior CAN make a difference and that 's where “ Sole-ful Art ” comes in . ALEPEL by Adriana ( a shoe company based on modern architecture and provocative design , ) released their 2017 Capsule Collection to pay homage to Venezuela , the designers ' home country , but that 's not all . The company 's mission ? Giving back .
Employing the talents of a young disabled Caribbean artist , ALEPEL released a line of joy-inspiring slides . The whimsical hand-painted themes centered around Venezuela 's national flower , bird and tree . Proceeds from the sale of the shoes went to a local non-profit organization in the region dedicated to helping abandoned children . The project was so successful , it extended into Breast Cancer Awareness Month .
Partnering with social media influencer , Angeles Almuna , ALEPEL released another one-of-a-kind , Capsule Collection celebrating the beauty and strength of women fighting breast cancer . These slide-on 's featured delicate hand-painted peonies symbolizing good fortune , happiness and positivity for the future . A portion of the sales were given to GLAM4GOOD , an organization that ignites positive social change through style and fashion .
As “ Sole-ful Art ” has grown more popular , so has ALEPEL 's collaborations ; most recently with on-line luxury retailer , Moda Operandi and one of my favorites , Olivela.com ( when you shop on this site , they donate to children in need at no extra cost ) . When I finally received my own pair of slides a few weeks ago ( mind you , almost a year later , ) I was happy and emotional . Sure , I love shoes , but it 's more than that — it 's the gesture of good people in our community doing good things for those who need it .
And while there are a lot of things about the world that make me sad right now , there are also things like “ Sole-ful Art ” that give me hope and re-calibrate my purpose . Even if it 's just one pair of shoes , it 's certainly a step in the right direction — and that 's something every fashionista can wear well and that 's why it 's one of my Favorite Things .
Where :
shop the collection
www.alepel.com
Be Social
Twitter : @ AlepelByAdriana
FB : @ alepelbyadriana
IG : @ alepel_byadriana
“ Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. ” — Pablo Picasso
James Woodley Photography
Jumper by @ forloveoflemons from @ EtiquetteBoutiques Shoes are called : “ Paisley Mule in White Pastels ” by Alepel by Adriana Epelboim-Levy & hand-painted by Miami artists shot on location at Miami Beach Botanical Garden Hair & Make-up : Odett Hernandez Digital Editor : Jessie Neft-Swinger
Editor : Matthew “ Sole Man ” Auerbach
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
On Saturday 25th November Team Vision Racing held its annual club dinner and award s presentation in the Bannville House Hotel .
It was a brilliant night 's fun and ‘ craic ' , the food and service provided by the Bannville was excellent .
Martin Burns and David Corrigan present a cheque to Ruth Weir .
Every year the club gives out prizes for the Club races as well as novelty prizes , which are a bit of fun and good humour .
There were five Club Races throughout the year .
The George Beattie Memorial was held on the Gilford circuit and was won by David Ross .
The Buchanan Cup was held on the Annaclone circuit and was won by Mark Williamson .
The Ernie Hall Cup was held on the Castlewellan road circuit and was won by Davy Mc Knight .
This year the club held two new hill climb events which turned out to be very successful .
The first one , the Blackwood cup was won by Emily Roberts and the second , Need a Print Cup was won by Davy White .
Well done to all who took part , who won and to those who helped organise these events .
There are so many more things that go on behinds the scenes to make these races happen .
If anyone is interested in our club you can follow us on Facebook at Team Vision Racing or contact us via email tvrbanbridge @ gmail.com
In August the club held its annual sportive to raise money for charity .
This year 's chosen charity is one that was very close to home for the club , one member in particular Mr Martin Burns who spent time here recovering after his cardiac arrest .
The cardiology ward 1 North Craigavon area hospital was the recipient of £1000 . The cheque was presented by Martin Burns and David Corrigan to ward manager Ruth Weir .
History has a tendency to repeat itself and Liam Rushe is at least hopeful of that . It 's about all the Dublin 's hurlers have to hope for in an otherwise daunting trip to Páirc Uí Rinn on Saturday evening .
Eight years ago , straight out of the minor grade , Rushe was dropped in at the deep end when Dublin played Cork down in Páirc Uí Chaoimh . Cork were in the midst of the infamous ‘ strike ' and largely understrength , yet Rush still played the proverbial blinder , scoring two goals . Still only 18 , he was later nominated as hurler of the month .
That was February 2009 , and eight years on , Dublin manager Ger Cunningham could do with something similar from the three minors he 's dropped deep into his panel this year : Paddy Smyth , Cian O'Sullivan and Donal Burke .
There will be no favours from his native county in a game which could significantly shape Division 1A . Another victory for Cork , who beat Clare in round one , would effectively secure them a quarter-final ; another defeat for Dublin , who lost heavily to Tipperary last Saturday night , and their campaign is effectively grounded .
Rushe is typically optimistic , even at the worst times , and continues to put on a brave front in the face of worrying times for Dublin hurling . It 's the reason Cunningham has retained him as Dublin captain for 2017 .
Still , chief among those worries is the absence of so many experienced players , who for a variety of reasons have stepped away : former captain Johnny McCaffrey , Paul Ryan , Shane Durcan , Peter Kelly , Niall Corcoran and Joey Boland are no longer involved , while the most glaring absentee is Danny Sutcliffe , the 2013 All Star , still only 24 , who opted out last year and has no intention of returning for 2017 either .
Another former Dublin star , Conal Keaney , told RTÉ last week that “ personalities really came into it ” and “ they [ Cunningham and Sutcliffe ] just clashed ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some of those players left quietly critical parting shots against the Dublin set-up .
“ I suppose it was difficult , for a couple of us , because it was players that we 'd soldiered with for years , ” says Rushe . “ I know they were directed at management but at the same time you would kind of feel it 's directed at the panel and the performances over the past couple of years .
Senior set-up
“ But we kind of closed the door on it at the end of November and we got the new panel together at the start of December , and from then on it 's just been a march forward . There has certainly been a massive panel change but the bones of the team of the past few years remain and these players , there 's obviously an increased onus on them to step up and guide along players who are in our senior set-up for the first time . ”
Rushe certainly has faith in the graduating minors , partly because he was there himself : “ They are obviously young , but you 're going to start at some stage . I was 18 , straight out of minor as well , the first year I came on and started making starts . So it 's great just to feel the buzz coming off them . They 're excited to be in , excited to see what the standard is like and set themselves against it .
“ It 's on them just to seize their opportunity . The year I came in it was something similar . Anthony Daly gave me a start , I think it was Dubs Stars , then Walsh Cup , and then league . So these lads have the same route to travel . Ger has given them the rope . It 's up to them to seize their opportunity . ”
Naturally absent too are the Cuala contingent , Cian O'Callaghan , Paul Schutte , Seán Moran , Oisín Gough , Darragh O'Connell , Jake Malone , Mark Schutte and David Treacy , all preparing for an AIB All-Ireland club semi-final against Slaughtneil on Saturday week . ( Along with the injured Eamonn Dillon , Cian Boland , Chris Bennett and Daire Gray , a minor last year ) .
Rushe believes Cuala 's progression can only be good for Dublin hurling in the long run : “ It would obviously have been nice to have them around , not even for playing purposes , just to integrate them into what is largely a new panel . But it 's great for Dublin hurling that Cuala are going so far , that we 've finally broken that Leinster barrier after I do n't know how many years . They 've a good run , an opportunity of getting to an All-Ireland final , so we 're all behind them .
“ There was also the fear there that you might not bring in new panel members and if you had the six or seven Cuala players , you might n't see as much of the new . I suppose I 'm an optimist but I look at it positively . ”
Should Dublin hurlers ' poor run continue in the long run , compared to the footballer 's enduringly impressive run , more players will inevitably drift towards football . Con O'Callaghan , the star of Cuala 's triumphant run in Leinster , has already indicated his intention to opt for football .
“ Look , the young players make their decision , ” says Rushe .
“ Personally I would have always gone with hurling just because I preferred it . If they are being swayed by the bright lights so be it . ”
Either way , it 's the turn of the Dublin hurlers to do some swaying under the lights of Páirc Uí Rinn .
The Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday set up a six-man Ad hoc Committee to review the controversial state Land Use Charge Law , 2018 .
The Speaker of the House , Mr Mudashiru Obasa , announced the committee at plenary .
“ As people 's representatives , there is need to address the issues raised by the people , ” he said .
The Speaker named Mr Bayo Oshinowo , Chairman , House Committee on Lands , as the Chairman of the Ad hoc Committee , which he urged to report back to the House in two weeks .
Other members of the committee include Mr Yinka Ogundimu , Chairman , House Committee on Finance and Mrs Funmilayo Tejuosho , Chairman , House Committee on Judiciary , Human Rights and Petitions .
The rest are Mr Tunde Braimoh , Chairman , House Committee on Information , Strategy and Security , Mr Jude Idimogu ( APC-Oshodi-Isolo II ) and Mr Olusola Sokunle ( APC-Oshodi-Isolo I ) .
Obasa said : “ I am of the opinion that there is a need for us to pick up the law and look at those sections that our people perceived to be obnoxious .
“ This will make us address the concerns raised by our people in Lagos State .
“ We are representatives of the people and are responsible and responsive . We need to address the concerns ” .
He said it was with this view that the ad hoc committee was set up to look at the law and ensure its amendment based on opinions and contributions to be received from the people at the second reading stage .
The speaker , who noted that law making is a process , frowned at the attitude of people to public hearings on bills .
“ We appeal to our people to participate and contribute in the process of law making during public hearing to make their own contributions .
“ This was actually done when this land use charge was in the process before passage and sending to the governor for assent .
“ We invited the public but we did n't hear much from them concerning all these concerns .
“ If only they had responded at that time , probably we would have done what would be acceptable to all .
“ This ( the review ) is another opportunity for people to be part of the process .
“ The committee has been constituted to listen to them and also consider the position of government as well .
“ This is because it will be very difficult to separate government from taxation . Governance has to be run based on taxes collected by the government .
“ So , we have to look for ways to agree with one another on this , ” he said .
Obasa said that the first and second readings of the amendment would be on Tuesday and Thursday respectively .
He said that the public hearing might be Friday or Monday .
Public outcry had followed a hike in the Land Use Charge last week , after an earlier review by the state government based on an amendment by the lawmakers .
The state government responded by lowering the rates and promised to return the law to the lawmakers for another review .
A bill for a law to establish the Lagos State Award Scheme was also read for the second time and committed to It 's Ad hoc Committee on Special Duties and Intergovernmental Relations . ( NAN )
[ VIDEO ] A father of three daughters who were abused by Larry Nassar went after Nassar in the courtroom this morning . pic.twitter.com/K0teFySSxQ — Outside The Lines ( @ OTLonESPN ) February 2 , 2018
A FATHER OF three victims of Larry Nassar tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a sentencing hearing , after the judge declined his request for “ five minutes ” alone with Nassar in a locked room .
He was quickly tackled by bailiffs .
Source : Cory Morse
Two of the man 's daughters had just addressed the court , saying they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment . Their father , Randall Margraves , then asked the judge for “ five minutes ” alone with Nassar .
When she declined , he asked for one minute and said he was a distraught father . He then looked at Nassar , shook his head and called him a profanity while speaking at the courtroom podium . The judge cautioned Margraves against using profanity .
The father then lunged at Nassar , who was sitting nearby .
Source : Cory Morse via PA Images
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out . Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to “ use your words , ” not violence .
“ This is letting him have this power over us , ” she said . “ We can not behave like this . I understand this is a remarkable situation . But you can not do this . This is not helping your children . This is not helping your community . This is not helping us . ”
Source : Cory Morse via PA Images
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges .
The charges in this case focus on his work with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club . The hearing resumed after about 25 minutes .
More than 30 victims have given statements so far . During a similar hearing that ended last week , more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment .
More victims are expected to speak . The proceedings are likely to extend into next week .
Liverpoolâ€™s Egyptian forward Mohamed Salah has been voted the Professional Footballersâ€™ Association ( PFA ) player of the year for the 2017-18 season .
Salah finished ahead of Manchester Cityâ€™s trio of Kevin De Bruyne , Leroy Sané and David Silva in voting by members of the PFA . He is the second African player to win the award . Algeriaâ€™s Riyad Mahrez won in 2016 .
â€œItâ€™s an honour to win this award especially because it was voted for by the other players , â€‌ said Salah , 25 , at the award ceremony April 22. â€œI would like to thank my teammates and everyone at the club for helping me to make this happen.â€‌
Commenting on what it meant to become the first Egyptian to win the prestigious award , Salah responded : â€œHopefully Iâ€™m not the last one . Iâ€™m very proud to win and Iâ€™ve worked very hard.â€‌
It has already been a hugely successful season for Salah . His Liverpool team sits comfortably in the top four and is set to face former club Roma in the Champion 's League semi-final . Salah will lead the line for Egypt this summer at the World Cup , the first time Egypt will appear at the tournament since 2010 .
Salah was named BBC African Football of the Year for 2017 , with many tipping the man Liverpool fans call the â€œEgyptian Kingâ€‌ to prove a serious contender for the Ballon dâ€™Or , the annual award for best player of the year .
With a coolly struck finish against West Brom on April 21 , Salah posted his 31st goal of the season , equalling the record for most goals in a single Premier League campaign . Alan Shearer ( 1995-96 ) , Cristiano Ronaldo ( 2007-08 ) and Luis Suarez ( 2013-14 ) each previously scored 31 goals in the modern 38-game season .
With four games to go and Salah averaging nearly a goal per match , it is expected by many that he will break the record .
Salah has 41 goals in 46 games overall , including European and Cup games , placing him close to legendary Liverpool striker Ian Rushâ€™s record of 47 goals in a single season .
â€œRecords never lie ! ! ! U can say what u want but the best player @ 22mosalah deserved this award more than anyone ! ! ! â€‌ Rush tweeted following the PFA announcement .
Egyptians celebrated Salahâ€™s accomplishments , with many looking ahead to the World Cup in the hope that Salah will replicate his club form on the world stage .
Egyptian daily newspapers all led with the story on their front pages and the hashtag â€œthe legendâ€‌ Mohamed Salah was trending in Arabic .
Egyptian official state bodies issued statements of congratulations . A Foreign Ministry spokesman described Salah as a â€œsource of national pride and happiness.â€‌
Veteran Egyptian striker Mido , who until Salahâ€™s debut season with Liverpool had been the countryâ€™s most successful Premier League export with 22 goals in 96 appearances , said the Liverpool forward had become Egyptâ€™s best-ever player .
â€œMohamed Salahâ€™s mentality or personality is better than mineâ€¦ Salah is very calm and the way he has developed as a player and person at Liverpool is a miracle , â€‌ Mido said in an interview with Egyptâ€™s DMC Sport channel .
â€œIn my opinion , Salah is the best player in Egyptâ€™s history ; not [ just ] for his technique , but for his ability to excel at the top level.â€‌
Egypt is to begin its World Cup competition June 15 against Uruguay and many hope the Pharaohs â€ ” with the help of Salah â€ ” will secure qualification into the knock-out stages from a tough group that includes Saudi Arabia and host Russia .
The 2018 World Cup will feature four Arab teams â€ ” Egypt , Morocco , Saudi Arabia and Tunisia . The World Cup begins June 14 Saudi Arabia playing Russia .
Mahmud el-Shafey is an Arab Weekly correspondent in London . You can follow him on Twitter @ mahmudelshafey
Sir , – I thoroughly enjoyed learning about Patrick Logue 's favourite things ( Life , May 30th ) . Maybe your writer does n't have a sweet tooth but conspicuous by its absence was one of life 's great pleasures – sneaking to the second layer of chocolates to get your favourite before the first layer is finished . – Yours , etc ,
FRANK BYRNE ,
Terenure ,
Dublin 6W .
Millions of people across the United States will get to see a total eclipse of the sun Aug. 21 .
And while California is not in the 14-state path for the full solar eclipse , San Luis Obispo County residents will still be able to see it — just not in its totality .
Those interested in tracking the eclipse have a wealth of knowledge to pull from online , and here are a few websites with the coolest interactives and best information before the eclipse even starts .
Vox.com has done most of the heavy lifting for you . Just enter your ZIP code to find when the eclipse will peak in your area and what percentage of the sun will be obstructed .
It also tells users exactly how far ( in miles ) they would need to travel to see the total eclipse .
It goes without saying NASA has a plethora of valuable eclipse-tracking material available online .
One option is the maps that show the direct flight path broken down by state and time the eclipse will occur in each region .
What 's up for August ? A total solar eclipse across the United States on August 21 ! Get the details on # Eclipse2017 : https : //t.co/bdk0UTPm91 pic.twitter.com/ISZpTdnipF — NASA ( @ NASA ) August 1 , 2017
Google and UC Berkeley teamed up to create an online simulator that will show the path of the sun over a three-hour period at any location during the time of the eclipse .
Check out the simulation for San Luis Obispo here .
Plus , they 'll be producing a “ high definition , time-expanded video of the total solar eclipse ” that will be pieced together “ from images collected by citizen scientists at various points along the eclipse path . ”
Want to learn more about our project ? read this and then join up ! https : //t.co/KxiWnhIY69 — EclipseMegaMovie ( @ Eclipse2017MM ) June 15 , 2017
The Washington Post created a user-friendly interactive map that travels the path of the solar eclipse .
From the Oregon coast to eastern South Carolina , the map offers interesting information about many cities in the path of totality , including duration of the eclipse in that area , best places to view and other eclipse-related festivities .
Take a trip down the path of the total solar eclipse coming up in August and see what will be in the moon 's shadow : https : //t.co/cWtGpjfN16 pic.twitter.com/4Rc83Py9es — Post Graphics ( @ PostGraphics ) July 28 , 2017
Viewing parties and festivals will be held across the country . Type in the name of your city to find events around you , eclipse conditions and what the “ maximum phase ” should look like in your area .
In San Luis Obispo County , the Atascadero Library and the Central Coast Astronomical Society will host a viewing of the partial eclipse starting at 9 a.m . There will be a discussion and presentation afterward .
Ray Tamarra/GC Images via Getty Images ( WASHINGTON ) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West Wednesday brought her quest for presidential clemency for an imprisoned grandmother to the White House .
President Donald Trump later tweeted a photo of himself in the Oval Office with Kardashian West saying he had a “ great meeting ” with her to talk about “ prison reform and sentencing . ”
Earlier , White House press secretary Sarah Sanders confirmed that Kardashian West was visiting the White House but would not confirm the people with whom she was meeting . She was expected to meet with Jared Kushner , the president 's adviser and son-in-law , who has led the Trump administration 's efforts on criminal justice reform .
Kardashian West began advocating on behalf of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson earlier this year . The grandmother was given a mandatory life sentence plus 25 years in 1997 for her part in a cocaine distribution ring , her first offense .
In a statement after the visit , Kardashian West said : “ I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon . It is our hope that the president will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , non-violent drug offense . We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson 's future and hopeful that she — and so many like her — will get a second chance at life . ”
Kushner , whose father spent time in prison , has made prison reform a personal passion , saying he wants to help those who “ have made mistakes , paid the price and are deserving of a second chance . ”
Johnson 's daughter Tretessa had earlier told ABC News that she was grateful to Kardashian West and her legal team for working on behalf of and shining a light on her mother 's case .
“ She could have just sawed the video or read an article or whatever and just said ‘ oh that 's a shame ' or whatever and went on with her life , but she did n't , she chose to get involved in a major way , ” Johnson told ABC News .
The Johnson family first sought clemency for Alice , unsuccessfully , from President Barack Obama , gathering letters of recommendations from her warden and from members of Congress .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sometimes when you are looking for a parking space , desperation can kick in .
That 's what seemed to happen to one lazy Land Rover driver who decided to park on the pavement AND on double yellow lines at the same time .
The image , which was captured at The Green in Breaston , was shared on Facebook with the caption “ When parking seems like a chore , just dump it on the pavement ” .
The 37-year-old man , who did not wish to be identified , captured the moment at 11.30am on Wednesday while he was nipping into the GoLocal store to fetch some tea bags .
He said : “ I ca n't imagine what makes you park like that . Just as I was going in the shop , she came out smiling and as happy as Larry .
“ She just got in the car and then just reversed away . I have no idea what she was thinking at the time .
“ In defence to her , that area of Breaston is pretty bad when it comes to parking especially when it 's school time . You have people all over the place .
“ What makes me laugh is if you look at the picture , there 's a space right behind the white Rover . She could have just fit in there ” .
Polish judge Malgorzata Gersdorf walked into the supreme court building on Wednesday morning , defying new legislation forcing her to retire as court president and putting the judiciary on a collision course with the government .
Supporters chanting “ constitution ” and singing the Polish national anthem surrounded her at the entrance as she told reporters : “ My presence here is not about politics , I am here to protect the rule of law . ”
She is at the centre of mounting conflict between Warsaw 's ruling Law and Justice party ( PiS ) and the European Union , which accuses Poland of trying to gain political control of the judiciary and of subverting basic democratic standards .
Under the new rules , which came into affect at midnight , up to a third of supreme court judges including 65-year-old Ms Gersdorf could be forced to retire unless they are granted an extension by President Andrzej Duda , a PiS ally .
Ms Gersdorf , who has been the president of the supreme court since 2014 , says the legislation is unconstitutional and can not be implemented .
Opponents of the reforms planned demonstrations on Wednesday . Among them is Lech Walesa , the Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and former president who is credited with bringing down communism when he was Solidarity trade union chief .
Through legislation and personnel changes , the PiS has already taken de facto control of much of the judicial system since coming into power in 2015 , including the constitutional tribunal and prosecutors , who now report directly to the justice minister .
The party argues this is needed to address ineffectiveness in a system steeped in communist-era mentality and power structures .
Legal case
Critics at home and abroad accuse the PiS of seeking control over courts for political gain , and say its policies , which also include tighter control of public media , amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule .
The conflict has isolated Poland within the EU , where most governments are critical , while also exposing the bloc 's inability to rein in governments it believes contradict core EU values .
The European Commission opened a fresh legal case against Poland over the supreme court changes on Monday , saying that they undermine judicial independence in the largest formerly communist member of the EU .
Warsaw faces the threat of losing its voting rights in the bloc under a procedure launched late last year over judiciary reforms . Hungary , also facing criticism over democratic standards , has pledged to block such a move .
The Eurosceptic PiS government rejects criticism , saying EU treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary .
“ Let me mention a fundamental issue . The court system ... is an entirely internal matter , ” PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski was quoted by the Pap news agency on Tuesday as telling Gazeta Polska newspaper .
The party 's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 per cent throughout the dispute , well above any single rival party . – Reuters
The Clark County Coroner 's Office identified a woman killed in a rear-end crash April 27 .
Medical examiners said Sandra Bonafont , 56 , died from multiple blunt force injuries .
According to Nevada Highway Patrol , Bonafont was driving a Toyota Camry when she was rear-ended by a Chevrolet Trailblazer driven by Eric Brzoza on U.S. 95 near the Ann Road overpass . He sustained non-life threatening injuries .
[ RELATED : Driver identified , arrested after woman is killed in Friday crash ]
Brzoza was arrested for reckless driving resulting in death , driving on a suspended license and not wearing a seatbelt , NHP said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
The time for talking is fast approaching as Mercedes start a new year with Formula One waiting for a big announcement about who is going to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg alongside Lewis Hamilton .
The team made clear before the Christmas break that they would have nothing to say before the full return to work on Tuesday .
There is evidence , however , to suggest the decision is all but made .
According to the motorsport.com website , Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas was at the Mercedes factory at Brackley before Christmas to meet team engineers and try out the cockpit of the 2017 car .
Bottas has raced for Mercedes-powered Williams since his Formula One debut in 2013 and Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff , a former Williams shareholder , has also been involved with the 27-year-old 's management team .
The Finn is the bookmakers ' favourite to replace Rosberg , who quit unexpectedly last month only five days after winning his first title , but other elements may need to slide into place before a deal can be announced .
Bottas 's replacement
One would be for Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa to agree to abandon his announced retirement and return to Williams as Bottas 's replacement .
Claire Williams , deputy principal of the team founded by her father , indicated last month that Williams would be open to Bottas leaving if “ an experienced , credible alternative was available ” – such as the 35-year-old Massa .
Pascal Wehrlein , the 22-year-old Mercedes reserve driver who might have expected to take Rosberg 's place but lacks experience , is another piece of the jigsaw .
The young German raced for tail-enders Manor last year , scoring the only point for a financially-challenged team whose future remains uncertain , but is expected to join Ferrari-engined Sauber alongside Sweden 's Marcus Ericsson .
Debated passionately
Wolff , in his final words to the team before the break , gave no clues but emphasised that Mercedes ' best interests would always come first .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our position in the spotlight puts every decision taken and every word spoken under an intense microscope , ” said the Austrian . “ They are debated passionately among our fans and interpreted by the media .
“ But there has been enough talking , now . This is the period for calm and considered reflection , to savour our achievements and prepare for the next campaign . ”
With testing due to start in Spain late next month , ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 26th , the factories are now entering their busiest period . The time for reflection is coming to an end .
– ( Reuters )
Q : I heard there are some concerns with eating ground squirrels in general . Is there some truth to this ? If so , why do I see recipes to cook and eat them ? Are they like chicken and pork where if you ensure the meat is cooked thoroughly , you should be OK ? I like to go squirrel hunting with my son , but since tree squirrels may not be hunted now , ground squirrels are our only option . Any guidance would be helpful ! ( Highhorse L . )
A : Tree squirrel season runs between September and January . California ground squirrels are not a game animal , though , so from a legal standpoint , they have no seasons , bag or possession limits . If taken in the condor zone , ground squirrels must be hunted with non-lead ammunition .
Before attempting to eat them though , according to California Department of Fish & Wildlife veterinarians , there 's a lot we do n't know about diseases in ground squirrels . We do know they carry fleas and are highly susceptible to plague and probably die within a short period of time after exposure to the disease agent .
Also , anyone even thinking of eating ground squirrels should first make sure there is no chemical ground squirrel control going on in the area because ground squirrels are commonly controlled by anticoagulant rodenticides . If the ground squirrel consumes a non-lethal dose , the rodenticide would still persist in their tissues for a few weeks or months .
Be aware that both the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the California Department of Public Health websites indicate the greatest risk of acquiring plague is being around infected rodents like ground squirrels due to their fleas . Humans usually get the disease after being bitten by a rodent flea that is carrying the plague bacterium or by handling an animal infected with plague . During the Middle Ages , plague is infamous for killing millions of people in Europe . Today , modern antibiotics are effective in treating plague . Without prompt treatment , the disease can cause serious illness or death .
Plague is endemic everywhere in California , except the southeastern desert and the Central Valley . It is not active everywhere in that range , though , so before your hunt I suggest you contact the county public health department in the areas you will be hunting to find out the status and history of plague in those areas . Watch out for the state-protected Mohave ground squirrel found only in the Mojave Desert . They are not legal to take , so be sure you can tell them apart from the California ground squirrel .
If after reading all this you 're still determined to eat ground squirrels , like with all wildlife , make sure they are cooked thoroughly . Proper preparation and cooking is key to avoiding and minimizing exposure to disease . Bon appétit !
Can My Kids Spearfish for Carp ?
Q : I have a question concerning spear fishing for carp . When I was a kid , we used to go into the creeks and spear big carp . On the Russian River during the fall , I would see tens of thousands of huge carp congregating . Can I let my kids go into the water with a mask and fins and spear these 10- to 20-plus-pound carps ? I would think that would be helpful for the river and we can pass the meat out to our multicultural friends . ( Anonymous )
A : Spearfishing for carp is allowed only in the Colorado River District ( all year ) and in certain areas of the Valley District , Black Butte Lake and the Kern River ( from May 1 to Sept. 15 ) ( CCR Title 14 , section 2.30 ) .
Why No Harvest Odds This Year ?
Q : Why did the Big Game Digest omit the harvest odds for deer this year ? Why do they not publish buck-to-doe ratios either ? Other states share that information and it 's a lot more helpful than those colorful articles in this year 's booklet . I am afraid to spend my points blindly . ( Todd S . )
A : The answer has more to do with timing than anything — harvest and ratio data were simply not available when the Big Game Digest was developed . We are still adapting the harvest analysis to the new Automated License Data System ( ALDS ) . Harvest data first has to be entered into the database , and then the analysis takes place . The deer harvest data was posted online as soon as it was available by clicking here .
Fishing License When Practicing Fly Fishing ?
Q : Will we need a fishing license at Big Bear Lake if we are only fly rod casting in the water ? We just want to learn how to cast a fly rod and will be using a fly without a hook on it . ( Patrick G. , Las Vegas , NV )
A : You do not need to have a license if the fly is not capable of hooking a fish .
— Carrie Wilson is a marine biologist with the California Department of Fish & Wildlife . She can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Dear Reader ,
As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
As one of our loyal readers , we ask you to be our partner .
For $ 5 a month you will receive access to the following :
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew , Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel 's story to the world .
Thank you ,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman , CEO , Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz , Editor-in-Chief
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Fiji 's Minister for Industry , Trade and Tourism Faiyaz Koya . Picture : FT File
Update : 6:10PM FIJI continues its strategic investment in infrastructure development and upgrades , including major reconstruction of the airports , expansion of our seaports , and introduction of cutting edge ICT technology , such as the recently launched digital television to capitalise on our location as the hub of the Pacific .
Speaking at the joint conference of the Fiji-New Zealand and New Zealand-Fiji Business Council in Auckland , New Zealand this morning , Fiji 's Minister for Industry , Trade and Tourism Faiyaz Koya said in relation to these issues , a number of improvements and reforms had been made in areas pertaining to trade facilitation in general and also port efficiency , in particular .
Mr Koya said all the reforms were aimed at achieving the set objectives of Fiji becoming a thriving trade and investment hub .
`` In the same spirit , the Fijian Government has continued making improvements to our trade facilitation processes and also investment laws and regulations . ''
Mr Koya said such events provided valuable opportunities for the business communities from both Fiji and New Zealand to exchange views and ideas and look at avenues to enhance trade and investment .
`` Events such as today 's are crucial in bringing together business leaders and government officials from both countries to network , exchange views and ideas on how we can continuously improve business prospects between our two nations . ''
Mr Koya said individually , in so many different ways , the members were all making a great contribution to the bilateral relationship .
By Anthony Ogbonna
The Imo state Governor , Rochas Okorocha has lamented that the South-East has nothing to show that it is part of the Nigerian project despite the efforts the region has made towards the growth of Nigeria and especially to the emergence of the Buhari-led administration .
Okorocha made the comment when the Acting President , Yemi Osinbajo visited the state yesterday on strategic consultations .
Detailing the account of marginalization of the South-East region , Governor Okorocha said South East has been marginalized and denied federal appointments , adding the Imo state people in particular only has a Minister of state to show for all the supports the state gave to the Progressives Congress , APC , party in ensuring that Mr. Buhari emerged the President of Nigeria .
“ No other group in Nigeria that had invested as much into our nationhood can sing the song of marginalisation as much as Ndigbo has been made to sing it . We have nothing to show that we are part of the Nigerian project ; neither do we have any sense of belonging in the present government at the national level . ”
“ We have been marginalised both in terms of projects and appointments . In Imo State , for instance , all we have is a Minister of State to show for all the efforts and extreme sacrifices we made to ensure that the Progressive Congress ( APC ) had a good outing in the last general elections . ”
“ I know you are the Acting President and has the ears of the President . So , there is no better person to tell our painful story than you . You need to take a second look at what is happening in the South-East . No serious political appointment , no visible federal infrastructure so far , to show the presence of Federal Government in the South- East in general . ”
“ I beg that as the government gives subsequent appointments , let the qualified sons and daughters of the state and region be considered . ”
“ Imo State played major role in bringing APC to power because if what had taken place in other states was allowed to happen in Imo State and other states in the South-East , probably we would n't have had the APC government today .
“ Given the roles that I personally played as a sacrificial lamb in the South- East during the elections , my state deserves a better deal . ”
“ There is no Federal Government presence in the oil-producing areas , and none of our youths benefited from the Federal Government 's Amnesty Programme . I also use this opportunity to ask for the quick refund of the money spent by the state on Imo International Cargo Airport and on some federal roads in the state . ”
Responding , Osinbajo said that it was not exactly correct that President Buhari had been unfair to Imo people . He said that the Presidency could n't deliberately set out to marginalise Ndigbo in view of their contributions to the development of the country .
“ You said that the highest appointment given to Imo under Buhari was Minister of State for Education . I would like to equally inform you that Katsina , the home state of Mr. President , and Kaduna State where Buhari resides all have ministers of state . ”
“ If there is any governor in this country that has the ear of Mr. President , I will say that it is Governor Okorocha . As such , it can not be said that the state is marginalised by the APC-led Federal Government , ”
On the reason for his visit , Osinbajo said , “ My visit here is in continuation of consultations with all the states of the Niger Delta as directed by Mr. President , and I can say that the oil producing communities in Imo State have been largely ignored and this will be appropriately redressed . ”
“ The oil-producing communities in Imo have a lot of vibrant young men and women who must be carried along in the scheme of things . My interaction today with those concerned has given the government the opportunity to discuss with the people directly involved with a view to making sure that there is justice and even development across the Niger Delta communities . ”
The post Despite our efforts , nothing to show that S'East is part of Nigeria – Okorocha appeared first on Vanguard News .
A remembrance garden has been opened in Dundee as a “ healing place ” for the relatives of those who have been lost to substance abuse .
The Garden of Hope , at the Signpost Centre in Whitfield , has been created by volunteers from Addaction Dundee , supported by NHS Tayside 's Community Innovation Fund .
Dave Barrie , service manager at Addaction Dundee , said the garden was the culmination of about six months of work by volunteers .
He said : “ The group wanted a place to remember loved ones who have been lost through overdoses . It has been a real team effort . ”
Picture shows Dundee MSP Shona Robison ( left ) , who opened the garden , with Dave Barrie and some staff members and volunteers .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa owner Dr Tony Xia released a statement yesterday stating that big changes are ahead for the club after the failed attempt at promotion .
Worried Villa fans have had plenty to say after the statement .
Here 's a selection of your views :
Charles Goadby : How much of money spent in the past still has n't been paid for ? Are we still paying fees for players long forgotten about ? On the plus side , what income is due in from the rebranding and sponsorship of bodymoor heath ? Hard times are undoubtedly ahead , but we ca n't gamble our future on an unsustainable quick fix . Let 's have faith in the good dr . He appears to have the right balance of heart and head . He wants what we all do , to see the villa back where it belongs , but he has the business understanding knowing that he has to do it properly , with sound foundations .
Jeff Gentry : At the moment wages take up about 80-85 % of income , which is way too high . Terry , Hutton , Gabby and the loanees going does n't make a difference because some loans coming back in to Villa were on high wages . A bit more has been taken from the Semi 's and Final , but nowhere near enough . TV bonuses wo n't exceed half a million either or finishing position . I do n't think that 's any significant money in the Championship .
Jay Price : When you consider we have one of the biggest stadiums in the championship and its at least 3 qtrs sold out every home game , the parachute payments , the sum for where we finished in the league , TV bonuses , sponsors etc ... Just does n't add up
Andrew Webb : The strategy to buy our way out has failed & it 's back to the drawing board . How about building a team of younger players that will be around for a few years .
Owen Christopher : first thing I thought is no new contract for Hutton . Need to give the younger players a chance instead of bringing in these old heads . also as much as it pains me to say it grealish will have to be sold to bring the cash in .
Chris Osborne : Bruce has been the one who 's put us in this position bringing in his 30+ buddies and handing them big bucks and buying poor old players like Whelan Samba Jedinek Hogan who was a total waste Lansbury and the list goes on . The average age should be 25 with our kids in the team not paying wages to his mates for their average kids Johnson the exception . Bruce to go taking his clan with him . This mess is all Bruce 's fault his team his players his dire football the buck stops with him . He 'll drive our kids away getting them to sign contracts promising them first team football then kicking them in the teeth by bringing in the like of Onamah in . Then you hear young Ohare wanted to go out on loan if not involved in the first team the beginning of the end next he 'll be let go and yet again Bruce will have lost us a gem .
Peter Smith : What players do we have that are premier league level and that are on really high wages apart from terry and the players that are returning from loan id say there all championship level get rid of all the returning loan players just sack them if need be lol but we really are making a mistake worrying so much about ffp just take a fine and push on or is it that we simply just dont have funds and all this stadium upgrage and buying other clubs around the world is just a mirage .
The owner issued a statement to explain that there will be a different approach next season as Villa embark on a third season in the Championship .
This is what he said in full :
`` I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday .
`` After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible , I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm .
`` I care as much about this club as anyone .
`` Even though I am back in Beijing , I still ca n't recover from our game at Wembley .
`` The emotion needs time to heal .
`` However , I know that all our management staff , coaches , players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again .
`` Like everyone else , I 'm delighted to see that under Steve 's management this season , we demonstrated character and unity .
`` We fought like a team .
`` Indeed , the loss is a pity , but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season .
`` I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart , particularly for his remarkable level of professional focus despite losing his parents this year .
`` With that , I would like to say thank you to Steve and his coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season .
`` We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season .
`` I am an Aston Villa fan . But I am also a businessman . Under the current circumstances , I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years .
`` Villa needs to be a sustainable football club . People join . People leave .
`` That is the cycle of football .
`` But the football club always remains through it all .
`` This is the ultimate reality that can not be changed , but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal .
`` We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons .
`` However , the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things .
`` No one wanted to see the club have to go through this , but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club .
`` No matter what the changes will be , I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together .
`` Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe , regardless of how tough the process will be , I am sure we will succeed in the end .
`` Thank you very much once again for all your support .
Chairman Dr Tony Xia ``
Black hole
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play , Birmingham Live understands .
A football finance expert has explained how Villa 's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer .
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there 's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals .
`` The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m , '' a source told us .
Aston Villa player suspended for making 'obscene gestures ' on the pitch
`` Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer . ''
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made .
When asked if players would be sold , Bruce replied :
`` Yes .
`` This season has been difficult , financially .
“ We understand , or I have understood , about Financial Fair Play .
`` But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or have n't got . ''
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks .
German free agent linked as Aston Villa 's bargain-hunting begins
Saturday 's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward .
These things take time , of course , and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship .
Elsewhere , a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to .
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa 's predicament is ‘ really severe ' and has predicted sales this summer .
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley .
Bruce 's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions .
The club 's most valuable asset , Grealish , is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players .
Kieran Maguire , a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool , discussed Villa 's problems at length with the BBC .
Cash cuts
“ It 's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they 've had parachute payments . They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation .
“ Those payments get cut back severely next year so they 're going to have £20million less coming in . I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages .
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal ' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“ The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it 's simply not sustainable in the Championship .
“ It 's going to be a very big summer . They 're going to have to sell the crown jewels , I suspect . The problem that they 're going to have is that other clubs know they 're in a financial pickle and they 'll be trying to get them on the cheap .
“ If you take a look at their first season in the Championship , they were losing around £800,000 a week , and that was on parachute payments of around £40million .
“ Next season it 's down to around about £15million so there 's got to be severe cutbacks . I 'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage .
“ Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I 've seen his contract , and that 's eye-watering . Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one .
“ The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players . They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club .
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory ' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
`` Then you have the owner , who 's based in China – he 's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent .
“ There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that 's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap , and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players .
“ If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them , but I think it 's whether or not they 'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans . ”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa 's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead .
The books were balanced , to an extent , last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers .
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry , Glenn Whelan , Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised his contacts book to snap up three players on loan .
With five players out of contract , five loanees to return to their parent clubs , six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided , this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa 's 144-year history .
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports ' cameras zoned in on him during the latter stages of Villa 's play-off final defeat to Fulham .
It has n't panned out the way the Chinese businessman planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago .
Xia and his trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer .
Who leads Villa ?
The first big decision Xia , chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce .
By his own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of him this term .
The manager has previously hinted that he ‘ wo n't be here next year ' if promotion was n't achieved .
Meanwhile , during a meeting with Villa supporters ' groups , neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure .
With four Championship promotions on his CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do him favours , Bruce has all the skills Villa require .
“ I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I 'm fit to do it , ” Bruce said of his future in the immediate aftermath of Villa 's Wembley woe . “ I will carry on .
“ I 've been doing it for a long time and I 'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition . ”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack , the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy 's court .
( Credit : Def Jam )
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again . A previously unreleased song of his is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man : Into The Spider-Verse .
Related : Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip , Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen . “ This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I 'm at war with my emotions / I 'm coming home now / I 'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong , ” he raps .
Watch the trailer for the film below .
Previously , Staples ' song “ BagBak ” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther . The Spider-Man : Into The Spider-Verse , is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018 .
ISIL members attacked an Iraqi police checkpoint near the southern city of Najaf , killing seven policemen as government forces in the north made more gains against the fighters in Mosul , their last major stronghold in the country .
The Najaf attack , which involved gunmen and a suicide car bomb , followed blasts a day earlier in Baghdad that left 29 people dead , a reminder of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant 's continued ability to operate away from territory under its control .
The attack near Najaf , 500km south of Mosul and 180km south of Baghdad , happened when two vehicles travelling through the desert were stopped at a police checkpoint around al-Qadisiya town , local police sources said .
The driver detonated an explosive load and the second vehicle fled . Police pursued it and killed the two assailants inside .
`` The security forces fought back , killing the attackers and blowing up the car , '' an interior ministry statement said .
`` They were planning to head to Najaf to blow themselves up there , '' interior ministry spokesman Saad Maan said , referring to the holy Shia city 40km to the north .
In a statement distributed online by supporters , ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack , which also wounded 17 people including civilians . It said four gunmen had opened fire before detonating explosive vests , and then a fifth assailant launched a suicide car bomb .
It was not immediately possible to reconcile those accounts .
Attacks in the overwhelmingly Shia south of Iraq are rare but there have been infiltrations from the western desert of Anbar in recent months .
Najaf is considered a religious capital for Iraq 's Shia majority and has always been seen as a major potential target for ISIL , which views Shias as heretics .
Mosul battle
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for the group 's self-styled caliphate in it areas seized in 2014 , but ISIL would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq , and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West .
Since the US-backed offensive began on October 17 , elite forces have retaken a quarter of Mosul in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein .
Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi has said the group would be driven out of the country by April .
The second phase of the campaign launched on Thursday following weeks of deadlock has pushed ISIL out of several more areas despite fierce resistance .
The fourth day of the renewed push saw incremental advances on the eastern and southeastern fronts .
A military statement said the counter-terrorism forces had retaken part of Karama district .
A federal police officer said Iraqi forces had taken near total control of Intisar and Siha neighbourhoods , and were clearing Salam .
Saddam 's death gave birth to Saddams in other guises
Iraqi forces have retaken around two-thirds of the eastern half of Mosul from ISIL since the start of the offensive , a top commander said Sunday .
`` From east Mosul ... more than 60 percent '' has been retaken , Staff Lieutenant General Abdulwahab al-Saadi , a top commander in Iraq 's Counter-Terrorism Service ( CTS ) , told AFP news agency .
Although the fighters are vastly outnumbered in Mosul , they have embedded themselves among residents , hindering Iraqi forces who are trying to avoid civilian casualties . Despite food and water shortages , most civilians have stayed in their homes rather than fleeing as had been expected .
Thousands more people have fled their homes since the military 's new push began , many under the cover of darkness to avoid detection by ISIL .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa fans were quick to show their delight after keeping up the pressure on second-place Derby with a 3-2 win over Burton Albion .
Above you can see what the fans had to say after the game .
Scott Hogan opened the scoring for Villa on 33 minutes , rounding off a flowing moved which included a delightful throughball from Robert Snodgrass .
Albert Adomah doubled the lead on 65 minutes when he squeezed in a header at the back post after Snodgrass floated a measured cross from the right .
The Brewers made the Villa Park faithful nervous by pulling one back through an Ahmed Elmohamady own goal on 71 minutes .
Moments earlier Jack Grealish was booked for an alleged dive when it looked like a penalty and the Brummie midfielder later hit the bar with a curling effort .
But Grealish got the goal he deserved in the 88th when he volleyed in emphatically after Elomhamady crossed from the right .
The scoring was not over yet as Brewers substitute Liam Boyce wriggled through to make it 3-2 in stoppage time .
Steve Bruce kept faith with the XI who started the midweek victory at Sheffield United and it paid off as Villa made it six wins on the spin for the first time since 1990 .
Axel Tuanzebe was given his first run out as a Villa player with the Manhcester United loanee coming on as a substitute midway through the second-half .
The latest victory , in front of a crowd of 33,022 at Villa Park , leaves Villa in third , a point behind second-placed Derby .
Snodgrass injury update
Aston Villa withdrew wing wizard Robert Snodgrass as a precaution ahead of next week 's Second City derby , Colin Calderwood has revealed .
Scottish flanker Snodgrass sublimely set up the opening two goals before being taken off after 67 minutes following a groin complaint .
The 30-year-old exchanged passes with Jack Grealish and Conor Hourihane before sliding Albert Adomah in to set Scott Hogan up for Villa 's first against Burton before he crossed for Adomah to nod home the second .
Villa struggled after Snodgrass and Adomah were replaced by Axel Tuanzebe and Josh Onomah and were pegged back before Jack Grealish scored the decisive third .
Liam Boyce scored late on for the Brewers but Villa - largely thanks to Snodgrass ' earlier contributions - had done enough to seal a sixth three points on the spin .
Despite a few concerns from supporters , Calderwood insists the decision to take Snodgrass off was just to give him a breather .
“ I think he felt a little groin at half time but he 's putting in big shifts in lots of games , ” Calderwood told us . “ I do n't think it 's anything serious so it gave us the opportunity for us to get Axel introduced and give him some experience .
“ It was another solid performance from him . Both wide players are contributing really well with assists or goals .
“ Albert 's scored , Scott 's scored and Robert on Tuesday night so it 's a nice front line and it 's a very good front line . ”
Aston Villa player ratings as Super Jack Grealish wraps up another vital victory
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes : https : //itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom : https : //audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed : http : //audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
Hodgkinson letters : ' I have never said life sucks , only the policies of the Republicans '
hello
James Hodgkinson , the Belleville man accused of shooting at congressmen and aides during practice for a congressional baseball game Wednesday , has written a number of letters to the editor of the Belleville News-Democrat .
In them , he often railed against Republican and tax policies , and at least once advocated for legalizing marijuana .
Following are the letters :
SEPT. 12 , 2012
The path out of our deficit
The best book I 've read in a while is `` Aftershock '' by Robert B. Reich . He explains that the lowering of taxes on the richest Americans was a major cause of the Great Depression . He also states that it is a major cause of the Great Recession , which started in 2007 .
He states that the year before the stock market crash of 1929 and the Great Recession were both peaks of the incomes of the top 1 percent at more than 23 percent of the total income of the country . President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his Federal Reserve chairman , Marriner Eccles , brought us out of the Great Depression by raising taxes on the rich .
During the 1920s three Republican presidents lowered tax rates leading up to the Great Depression . In 1931 we had 23 tax brackets from 1.5 percent for incomes up to $ 59,000 adjusted for inflation ( which covered more than half of total population ) to 25 percent for income over $ 1,476,000 .
In 1932 we had 55 tax brackets from 4 percent for incomes up to $ 65,500 up to the 42nd tax bracket of 50 percent , which was equal to the top income of the previous year . Then the added tax brackets kicked in . Fifty-one percent to 56 percent were brackets increasing by approximately 1 percent for every $ 40,000 . Brackets 57 percent to 60 percent were for income increases of approximately $ 1 million . Brackets 61 percent to 63 percent were for income increases of approximately $ 4 million , topping out at 63 percent for income over $ 16,378,000 . Now that is what we need today .
AUG. 28 , 2012
An idea worth repeating
Letter writer Roddy Riggs reminds me of Rush Limbaugh and Bill O'Reilly , but I 'm sure he does n't bring in the millions of dollars those two do . They speak their lies and hatred and misdirection to anyone who will listen .
If I seem to be a broken record , it is because of the simple facts that need to be understood by everyone of voting age . I just want to let everyone know that income inequality was a factor in the causes of the Great Depression as well as the greed of Secretary of Treasury Andrew Mellon under the Republican Presidents Harding , Coolidge and Hoover .
Mellon was the third richest man in the country . This millionaire persuaded the presidents and Congress to lower the top marginal tax rates , from 73 percent to 58 percent , to 50 percent , to 46 percent , to 25 percent and finally 24 percent in 1929 , the year of the stock market crash and the start of the Great Depression .
This is what the Republican Party wants to do today .
We need to bring our country out of today 's recession by raising the number of tax brackets from six to 20 or more and the top marginal rate of 35 percent on $ 380,000 to 60 percent on $ 20 million or more . In 1938 we had 33 brackets from 4 percent for most of the country to 79 percent for income over $ 79 million .
I believe anything near these rates would be fair and balanced . In rebuttal : I have never said `` life sucks , '' only the policies of the Republicans .
AUG. 17 , 2012
Income inequality is risky
The right-wing writer Dennis Rodenhofer has twice enough hate to go around since he is beside himself to cut down my sources of the causes of the Great Depression .
I named the economists of the Austrian School Economics , and they are Waddill Catchings and William Trufant Foster . He ca n't believe anything on Wikipedia , so I followed up with Waddill Catchings ' biography on tradingstocks.net to get that site 's opinion . They are identical .
The income inequality was a major cause of the Great Depression , in that the production of the country was full blast but the common worker could n't afford to buy the same goods that they were producing .
If Rodenhofer does n't see this as a major reason for the causes of the Great Depression , he has his head in the sand .
I do n't believe all of the messages on Fox News but I still think they get some of it right . Change channels to MSNBC and get a better , balanced opinion .
As for my loving President Obama , I say when people look at the other side , the choice is obvious . I do n't want a president who wo n't even keep his money in American banks . I do n't want a president who will lower taxes on the rich and raise them on the other 99 percent .
I do n't want a president who wants to lower the number of tax brackets when everyone with a brain knows we need more tax brackets in order to reach all classes of income .
JULY 29 , 2012
Trying to buy tax breaks
One of my favorite TV shows is `` The Rachel Maddow Show '' on MSNBC .
On a recent show she stated that 17 very rich men are supplying the Republican Party with more than 60 percent of their campaign contributions .
These men are trying to buy our country . You know they expect something for all this money . That something is that Mitt Romney and a Republican Congress wo n't raise their taxes . We all know that the rich do n't pay enough taxes .
In response to letter writer Roddy D. Riggs calling me ignorant and making up facts , I say : Look up `` Causes of the Great Depression , '' on Wikipedia . Income inequality is on the list . This theory was held by economists Waddill Catchings , William Trufant , Rexford Tugwell , Adolph Berle and John Kenneth Galbraith and influenced Franklin D. Roosevelt .
It held that the economy produced more goods than consumers could purchase because the consumers did n't have enough income . In the productive 1920s , the mechanization of industry caused layoffs and unemployment started a steady rise but the rich got richer .
If the rich paid their fair share of taxes today , we would n't be in this predicament . We need to vote all Republicans out of Congress . We need to demand Congress add 10 or more brackets to the existing tax code . We need 20 brackets to $ 20 million , and a 60 percent top marginal rate .
We can get our country back if we all vote the right way .
JULY 8 , 2012
Obama 's for U.S. workers
I ca n't believe how many people are upset with our president . You 'd think that the world was full of rich millionaires . Why else would these people talk badly about a guy who has their best interest at heart ?
I read the other day about a man blaming President Barack Obama for food stamp recipients going up from 26 million to 46 million . Anyone with a knowledge of the facts would know that this is because of former President George W. Bush , and his ruining our economy . He got us into two wars that we could n't afford and gave all his rich friends tax breaks .
If people would check the causes of the Great Depression , they would find that income inequality was one of the major causes . Because of this fact , President Franklin Roosevelt and Congress raised taxes back up to what they were before the Republican Presidents Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge and tax cuts of 1921 , 1924 and 1926 , leading to the Great Depression .
If we do n't want another Great Depression , we should re-elect the man who is working for the working man . President Ronald Reagan 's `` trickle down '' policy did not work , and never will .
A strong middle class is what a country needs to prosper . The only thing that has trickled down in the last 30 years came from Mitt Romney 's dog .
Let 's vote all Republicans out of Congress , and get this country back on track . We need 10 more tax brackets for income over $ 1 million , $ 2 million , $ 3 million , $ 4 million and $ 10 million .
MAY 25 , 2012
Use 55 tax brackets , not six
IT IS A shame that Democrats wo n't attack the Republicans over the minuscule and lopsided tax system with only six brackets , ranging from 10 percent to 35 percent . It looks like the super rich have bought their vote as well . This recession was started years ago when congressmen found out they could make money by accepting money from the super rich in the form of donations , by simply changing the tax laws and putting more of the burden on the working man .
You see , we have always had a progressive tax system . In fact , in 1932 we had 55 brackets ranging from 4 percent to 63 percent . Everyone paid 4 percent for the first $ 4,000 income , which would amount to more than $ 50,000 today . The top marginal tax bracket was 63 percent for all income of more than $ 1 million , which would amount to more than $ 12 million today . Now I think everyone would like to see the rich and the super rich taxed at a higher rate .
The argument today is taking away the Bush tax cuts or not , which would add only 4 percent to the top marginal rate . The argument should be to rewrite the tax laws as they were in 1932 . We need 55 brackets ranging from 4 percent to 63 percent . Anyone can look up the history of federal income tax rates on the Internet . Check it out .
These guys are cheating everyone in this country while telling us all the time that they are broke when it is the super rich with all the money .
MAY 4 , 2012
More brackets needed
Letter writer Roddy D. Riggs missed my point completely . Although he did whine about not taxing the rich any higher or they might leave the country , my answer to him is that they have already outsourced many jobs and keep their money in offshore accounts . What difference could this really make ?
Whenever we were at war in the past , our government had enough sense to raise taxes across the board to pay for the war . The main difference was that there were a lot more tax brackets to raise . For most of those years there was more than 23 tax brackets .
We have always had a progressive tax system , but now it tops out at $ 357,000 and only six brackets . It should extend with at least 12 brackets to $ 12 million .
I do n't envy the rich ; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit . In the past , government taxed according to ability to pay . While most of the country works hard to earn $ 100 to $ 400 a day , many people make $ 100,00 to millions a day . By changing the income tax brackets to 12 brackets and to $ 12 million , we will be less dependent on China , help offset the bonus policies of many corporations , create more jobs , lower the crime rate , help the economy , and get back some of the American pride . I recommend 12 brackets to $ 12 million .
APRIL 18 , 2012
Maybe next tax day
I 'm still convinced that the major change that we all need to push for is a change in the federal tax code . We need more brackets to reach all classes of people .
We need a much higher bracket that actually reaches into the rich and super-rich incomes . I wish everyone would check out taxfoundation.org , so they could see for themselves and not just believe me as to how the leaders of the past reached all classes of income . They would like you to think that there is a lower class , middle class , and upper class . This is just not so .
In 1938 we had 33 tax brackets to reach all classes of income . These brackets ranged from 4 percent for income up to $ 64,000 ( adjusted for inflation ) , all the way up to 79 percent for income over $ 79 million .
If we had anything close to the way our great leaders of the past set up the tax code , we could eliminate 90 percent of the country 's problems , pay down the debt and get the country back in the black in no time .
The income inequality of the 1920s was a major contributor of the Great Depression , and if we do n't raise the tax brackets to reach the rich we will never get out of this Great Recession .
I would wish all people under an annual income of $ 1 million to get behind the 99 percent , and back the push for tax reform . My motto is : `` Tax em like 1938 . ''
God bless the 99 percent .
JAN. 24 , 2012
Money-making ideas
I believe to stimulate the economy , it is time to legalize or at least decriminalize marijuana use .
Also to fund the government deficit I hope the Obama administration raises the income tax rate for the rich to 70 percent or more . If a person has an annual income of more than $ 10 million , he should be proud to be an American and proud to live in a country that would allow this kind of income , and proud to pay his fair share of taxes .
This was a Romelu Lukaku-Marcus Rashford show that José Mourinho and Manchester United will hope can run and run . The Belgian 's double put United in pole position – before late strikes from Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba – and Rashford again proved he can be the X-factor the manager desperately requires if he is to lead United to a 21st championship . By the hour here Mourinho 's side were stroking the ball around and through West Ham in an impressive fashion witnessed only sporadically last season .
Rashford played a key part in one sequence that closed with an offside Henrikh Mkhitaryan finish , while Lukaku ran across the line and into deep positions to pose the Hammers awkward questions .
84 days after United 's previous Premier League game their mission of converting last season 's 15 draws into victories began with Lukaku as the spearhead . The 24-year-old is the No9 Mourinho bought , for £75m , to provide a similar weight of goals to Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who managed 28 in all competitions last season .
Seventeen of those were in the league , seven fewer than Lukaku 's haul for Everton . The new man 's key role in the Mourinho masterplan was illustrated early . Lukaku is a powerful man and when he biffed aside a defender , then later rose to a high ball in the penalty area it was clear that if United are to prosper Lukaku has to fire , too .
Those unwanted 15 draws caused United to limp to sixth place , only securing a Champions League berth by winning the Europa League . Ten were here , at a venue that demands entertainment as the minimum offering . If , say , just half those draws had been wins at Old Trafford then United 's final points tally would have risen to 79 , enough to finish third .
Number nine
United managed only 54 goals last season , an obvious factor in the lack of wins . Quizzed about this in the buildup , Mourinho acknowledged the need for more goals from those around the No9 . The XI he sent out could be billed as forward thinking . Ander Herrera was a surprise omission as the Portuguese sacrificed a midfielder for an extra forward . This was Juan Mata who lined up alongside Mkhitaryan , the No10 , and Rashford , the left-sided wide man .
The trio were stationed behind Lukaku in a 4-2-3-1 but if all want to be chosen consistently they will have to register more than the 15 goals they returned between them in the last league campaign . Inside a stadium louder than it has been in recent times , United hogged the ball and moved it menacingly on occasion during the opening half . This allowed Mata to move behind for a chance that was blocked , but when in a second time he did not hit the ball instantly . At this juncture United could be accused of a lack of directness in the last third . This has been a complaint about the post-Sir Alex Ferguson teams and when they did finally register it was via some quick thinking .
Rashford relayed the ball to Lukaku and he followed Tuesday 's Uefa Super Cup consolation in the 2-1 loss to Real Madrid by crashing a shot in off Joe Hart 's right-hand post to make it 1-0 .
Rashford 's pace gives United 's frontline a crucial dimension and he continued to light up the side when they roved forward . Mourinho 's recognition of this may have prompted him to allow the 19-year-old to flit across positions . After the opener Rashford switched from left to right to create problems along that wing . Then , he hung around next to Lukaku to make it a dedicated two-man strikeforce . By the close of the first half he was back on the left and could wander off surely to hear a contented half-time word from his manager .
Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba were both on the scoresheet against West Ham . Photograph : Richard Sellers/PA
The question now was could United go on and convince they could be prolific goalscorers this season . In just seven of their 19 league outings here last season they scored two or more . This again points to the fault of the attackers , plus Jesse Lingard , Martial ( on the bench on Sunday ) and even Pogba , whose return of five was underwhelming for a footballer of his talent . In that 2-1 loss to Real , Mourinho referred to a late chance Rashford spurned that would have taken the game into extra time .
Almost as soon as Martin Atkinson blew for the second half Rashford missed a near-identical opportunity . The teenager raced clear but missed badly to the left of Hart .
United were soon in total control , though , as Lukaku made no mistake with his head and that was a second league goal for the home crowd to enjoy as Mourinho 's team finished the game far more dangerously than they started it . Rashford hit a post before Martial and Pogba made it 4-0 to send supporters home buzzing .
When Rashford was replaced by Martial on 79 minutes Lukaku wandered over to him to pat his cheek . There already seems a telling understanding between them .
It is , of course , very early days for the Lukaku-Rashford pairing and for this United side , whose next test is at Swansea on Saturday . Yet the early signs are there that this could be a year to remember for United . As Mourinho said : “ After many years of Premier League experience , I keep my feet on the ground . But fans have reasons to be optimistic because we are . ”
( Guardian service )
The Republican leading the House investigation into Russian election meddling said revelations that a data firm working with Donald Trump 's presidential campaign may have improperly harvested data on millions of Facebook users does n't change his plans to shut down the probe this week .
“ I have no intention of bringing in any other witnesses to the Russia investigation , '' Representative Michael Conaway said Monday .
Mike Conaway Photographer : Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg
Conaway , a Texas Republican , called reports that Cambridge Analytica may have exploited Facebook and obtained millions of people 's profiles without authorization “ concerning , ” but he said the Intelligence Committee would wrap up its Russia inquiry on Thursday with a vote on whether to approve a majority-written report of its conclusions .
If approved , the report would then undergo vetting to redact classified information by intelligence agencies before a formal public release , possibly within days . Conaway and other Republicans have already announced they have found no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia in the election meddling .
Conaway 's comments came as the top Democrat on the committee , Representative Adam Schiff , has called for Cambridge Analytica to be investigated . He says that Facebook also must answer questions .
Schiff also has threatened to subpoena Alexander Nix , chief executive of U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica , to testify again before the panel . He said the reports call into question the veracity of some of Nix 's closed door testimony to the committee in December . He also wants the panel to get testimony from a Cambridge Analytica whistleblower , Christopher Wylie
Some Democrats also are calling for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before the Senate judiciary committee about what the social media company knew about the misuse of its data .
Cambridge Analytica and parent Strategic Communication Laboratories have been suspended from Facebook , `` pending further information , '' the Menlo Park , California-based company said in a blog post Friday . Cambridge Analytica said in a Saturday statement it did nothing illegal and was ​in touch with Facebook in order to resolve the matter as quickly as possible .
A judge is considering sanctions against defendants in the Las Vegas retrial of four men accused of wielding assault-style weapons against federal land management agents to stop a round-up of anti-government figure Cliven Bundy 's cattle in April 2014 .
Chief U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro on Monday rejected a defense bid for a mistrial , but said contentious testimony on Thursday by defendant Eric Parker was outside rules she had set and appeared to be a deliberate effort to invite jury `` nullification '' of charges .
Navarro eventually ordered Parker to step down from the witness stand , and government prosecutors want her to instruct jurors to disregard Parker 's testimony altogether .
Parker 's attorney , Jess Marchese , says defendants are being denied any ability to explain why they were at the Bundy ranch .
Copyright 2017 Associated Press . All rights reserved .
Two suspects are in custody in connection with the shooting death of a 9-year-old Milwaukee girl in May of last year . Police are still searching for a third man .
Za'Layia Jenkins was inside a relative 's home in the 2400 block of North 15th Street when she was hit by a bullet fired from outside . She died several days later , just before her 10th birthday .
Otha Jose Brown Jr. , Damonta Jennings and Tony Powell Jr. are charged with felony first degree reckless homicide . Police are still searching for Jennings .
According to the criminal complaint , several residents reported hearing shots and `` seeing all or part of the shootings . ''
`` We 're grateful that it 's come to fruition , but we ca n't say that we 're happy ; this is a devastating tragedy , '' Police Chief Edward Flynn said Monday . `` This is obviously another dreadful example of the devastating toll that mindless violence takes on the young people of Milwaukee . ”
A relative of the victim said she saw a white Malibu stop in the area and conduct what appeared to be a drug
transaction with another car that had stopped . After she yelled out not to sell drugs there , she said the driver drove off , came back , pulled out a gun and said , “ I serve anyone I want to in front of any house I want to ! ''
After running back inside the home , she said she heard gunshots soon afterward .
Another witness said a man who lives in a home on the 1500 block of West Meinecke chasing after the Malibu and fired shots at it .
According the criminal complaint , Brown admitted to participating in shooting , and was in the backseat of the Malibu driven by Jennings with Powell in the front seat .
Brown reportedly told investigators that the three had stopped on the street to conduct a drug deal , and argued with a woman and a man who came outside carrying a gun and fired shots at the fleeing car .
The men got out of the car , walked back toward the home on West Meinecke and fired shots at the man 's house , according to the criminal complaint .
Authorities say Za'layia Jenkins was struck by one of those stray bullets .
If convicted , the defendants could face up to 60 years in prison .
Flynn says making an arrest in Jenkins ' murder has weighed on his officers .
`` We treat all our homicides seriously , but the death of children effects every member of the department and we work tirelessly on solving those crimes , '' he said .
When the homeless are scapegoated and draconian solutions proposed to make life so uncomfortable as to move them on — anywhere other than here — stop and think : Do those who engage in this rhetoric ever ask the simple question , where do the homeless come from ? Do we live in such a bubble , a place of being where “ the rabble ” mysteriously materialize out of thin air simply to hassle our life here in paradise ?
Please consider these harsh statistics and information :
Forty-six million Americans , the largest number since we as a country began to collect such information , now live in poverty . That is 15.1 percent — one out of every six of our fellow citizens live poor . This is an increase of 2.5 million since 2009 . Of that number , 15.4 million live their daily existence in extreme poverty , which is defined as a family having less than half the cash income of a family merely living in simple poverty .
According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , the United States has the highest poverty rate in the developed world .
For California , the numbers are equally bleak . Six million of our neighbors , 16.3 percent , live in poverty . Since 2009 , the median income in our state has fallen 4.6 percent , the largest decline ever recorded .
Highlighting that is the fact that medical bills are the No . 1 cause of bankruptcy in America . Many of us are one sickness or accident away from homelessness . A staggering 16.6 percent are without medical coverage — again , the highest ever recorded .
Meanwhile , the housing crisis continues to devastate the wealth and standard of living for the middle and lower classes . As of June 30 , 10.8 million mortgages , or 22.5 percent , were underwater . In plain English , they owe more on their homes than they are worth .
Yet corporate America sits on a staggering amount of cash on hand — somewhere between $ 2 trillion and $ 2.5 trillion . Still , some call for even more tax cuts for the rich and fight tooth and nail against any tax increases for the rich — including oil companies and those making a financial windfall from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . When is enough , enough ? When is greed satiated ? When will all of this cash be spent to rehire the 15 million unemployed ?
Who wants to be the one to look into the eyes of the 22 percent of our children who live in poverty and tell them growing up poor is acceptable ? That growing up in homeless shelters is now a fact of life , a right of passage for many of our children ? Who among us will tell them the streets have replaced the split-level suburban home as the American Dream — now the American Nightmare ?
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan continue to bleed our national treasure in lives lost and ruined . Secondarily to the lives lost of our precious children , the financial costs are staggering . According to the National Priorities Project , we have spent $ 800 billion in Iraq and $ 450 billion in Afghanistan for a total of $ 1.24 trillion . This does n't count the forever cost of treating the wounded veterans of those wars and of other wars for the foreseeable future . Nor does it factor in the interest rate that we must pay since we funded these wars on the cheap without raising taxes to pay for them .
So the next time we see the homeless and poor as “ The Other , ” as the living nightmares that some would have us prism our sight with , remember reality and our moral teaching : They are us and we are them . We are one country , one society and neighbors all . Together we climb out of this mess , or together we perish . There is no other way .
— Ken Williams has been a social worker for the homeless for the past 30 years . His writings and opinions reflect only his personal views . He does not speak as a representative for or on behalf of any organization with which he may be affiliated . He is the author of China White and Shattered Dreams , A Story of the Streets . He has just completed his first nonfiction book , There Must Be Honor .
SYRACUSE , N.Y. ( AP ) — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points , Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday .
Virginia ( 22-1 , 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference ) , which beat the Orange 68-61 in January , has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson , who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start .
Syracuse ( 15-8 , 4-6 ) , in desperate need of a signature victory , was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 percent ( 15 of 50 ) , and the offensive futility continued against the nation 's best scoring defense .
The Orange shot under 40 percent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around . Syracuse finished 17 of 50 ( 34 percent ) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome .
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle , Frank Howard , and Oshae Brissett — and they did n't deliver . Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting , Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points . Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc .
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defense ( 37.7 percent ) , just behind Virginia , but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offense and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break . None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall , who missed the only shot he attempted .
As expected , the game was a methodical , slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock , especially the Orange . The Cavaliers , who never trailed , found room inside the Orange 's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes .
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late . Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later .
Jerome 's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork . Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket , Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome , and he swished it .
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes , a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting ( 34.8 percent ) , 3 of 11 from beyond the arc ( 27.3 ) .
The Orange , who had to work hard for every shot , got a jolt of applause from the home crowd on Frank Howard 's dunk off a steal by Marek Dolezaj that moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second half .
The good feeling was short-lived . Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds , and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left .
Diakite matched his season high with 12 points .
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the second half and finished 23 of 47 shooting ( 48.9 percent ) .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles .
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse center Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams , notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes . The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds .
BIG PICTURE
Virginia : Virginia continues to subdue its opponents with its stifling defense and has separated itself from the rest of the conference . No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses . The Cavaliers have road games against Florida State , Miami , Pittsburgh and Louisville before closing out the regular season at home against Notre Dame .
Syracuse : The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration , with games still on the schedule against No . 4 Duke , No . 19 North Carolina and No . 20 Clemson . Last season , the Orange had three upsets of top-15 ranked teams on its home floor and so far this year they have none . Syracuse also only has one road win in conference play , and that came against last-place Pittsburgh , which is winless in 10 conference games .
‘ The markets will teach the Italians to vote for the right thing , ' Günther Oettinger , the EU 's budget commissioner , is reported to have said on Tuesday .
The comment was like dynamite in Italy . A commissioner daring to tell the Italians how they should vote . A German at that . . . the jackbooted rulers of the EU , in the current demonology of the Italian street .
But he did n't say it .
And by the time the quote , which had been mistranslated from German , was corrected , he had been rebuked by his boss , European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker , and president of the European Council , Donald Tusk .
Calls for his resignation and firing filled the Italian airways . In the press room here , they were being echoed with increasing persistence . And he had already issued a grovelling apology saying that he fully respected “ the will of voters being left , right or centre and in every country ” .
“ By referring to the actual market developments in Italy , I did not mean to be disrespectful and I apologise for this . Italy as a founding member played and plays an important role in European integration and I hope it will continue on this path , ” he said .
Then the correction was made and Bernd Thomas Riegert , the journalist responsible , deleted his tweet on the matter with an apology of his own .
What Oettinger actually said to him was “ My concern and expectation is that the coming weeks will show that the development of the markets , government bonds and the economy of Italy will be so far-reaching that this will be a possible signal to voters not to vote for populists on the right or left . ”
Common sense
In truth , it was an observation that most here would see as commonplace , common sense . But the hint that Italians were not masters of their own fate was enough to spawn a hurricane of rage .
These people treat Italy like a summer camp where they go to spend vacation , ” Di Maio tweeted . “ But in a few months we will have a government of change and we will finally get respect in Europe ''
No question of firing Oettinger , however . The blunt-speaking German Christian Democrat is in charge of the biggest and most fraught dossier in the commission , the negotiation of the post-2020 post-Brexit EU budget . An exercise in herding wild cats that is bigger than Brexit . This week commissioners have been unveiling its detail bit by bit . Hardly any of it is uncontroversial and Oettinger will be key to brokering an eventual deal .
But , as we hapless hacks rediscover to our frustration at every commission midday briefing , there is a vow of omerta among the college and its service on Italy . Oettinger broke it .
The commission does n't do comment on the internal affairs of member states , we are told again and again . No comment . Even though the Italian crisis may be jeopardising the euro and feeding populism across the union . No comment . Bigger than Brexit , some are saying . No comment .
Fiddling while Rome burns .
Contributed immensely
The commission did manage to issue a statement on behalf of Juncker , saying that “ Italy 's fate does not lie in the hands of the financial markets ” .
“ Regardless of which political party may be in power , Italy is a founding member of the European Union that has contributed immensely to European integration . Juncker is convinced that Italy will continue on its European path . The commission is ready to work with Italy with responsibility and mutual respect . Italy deserves respect. ” Blah .
Meanwhile in Italy – you 'd think there were bigger things to worry about – Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio denounced the misquoted remarks as “ absurd ” .
“ These people treat Italy like a summer camp where they go to spend vacation , ” Di Maio tweeted . “ But in a few months we will have a government of change and we will finally get respect in Europe . ”
League party leader Matteo Salvini also tweeted a screenshot of the journalist 's deleted tweet and said “ Crazy , in Brussels they are without shame . The EU budget commissioner , the German Oettinger says the markets will show Italians the right way to vote . If that is n't a threat . . . I am not scared . ”
He demanded that Oettinger resign .
One of the media commentators thundered “ Italy is not a colony of Germany or EU. ” No . Italy is a vast galleon , the fourth largest economy in the EU , drifting rudderless . And as Oettinger has also observed recently , Italy is “ essentially barely governable ” .
But , he said in his unfortunate DW interview “ We are counting on potential elections to bring a result with which Italy can be governed in a pro-European way. ” Hoping against hope .
The first annual Fairfield County Walks for Mental Health will be held on Saturday , May 6 , from 10-11:30 a.m. , on the Norwalk Green ( parking available on Park Street ) .
Senator Bob Duff opens Mental Health Awareness Month with an official proclamation from Governor Malloy . State and local officials including Senator Toni Boucher and Representatives Cristin McCarthy-Vahey , Chris Perone , Jonathan Steinberg , Fred Wilms , and Terrie Wood will be in attendance .
The walk is a one-mile round trip down East Avenue . Participants may check out the Labyrinth , Healing Garden and Hope-Pray-Dream Board at St. Paul 's Church . Free admission and complimentary purple bandannas for all .
RSVP ( preferred ) to [ email protected ] or 203-840-1187 .
The Walk kicks off a calendar of more than 50 events across the region in honor of Mental Health Awareness Month including movies , presentations , art shows , craft activities , Mental Health First Aid trainings , wellness fairs , and music performances . For a full calendar of regional events visit HealthyMindsCT.org .
According to Margaret Watt , executive director of the Southwest Regional Mental Health Board ( SWRMHB ) , research on mental health providers in southwest Connecticut conducted by the agency in 2015 and 2016 showed significantly increased caseloads , longer patient wait times to get an appointment with a clinician , the turning away of clients and elimination of programs that serve our region 's most needy . “ The mental health system is bare bones and can not withstand further budget cuts . Your participation in Fairfield County Walks for Mental Health on May 6 is really needed to show our legislators you care , ” Watt said .
SWRMHB extends a special thanks to the Walk 's planning committee : Advocacy Unlimited , Mid-Fairfield Child Guidance Center , Communities 4 Action , Keystone House , Mid-Fairfield Substance Abuse Coalition , Mid-Fairfield Substance Abuse Coalition , NAMI Southwest , NAMI Fairfield , Positive Directions , Recovery Network of Programs , RIPPLE , and Silver Hill Hospital . The Walk is funded by SWRMHB and NAMI Southwest .
The Southwest Regional Mental Health Board ( SWRMHB ) works to ensure a high-quality behavioral health system by engaging community members , identifying needs , stimulating new initiatives , and advocating for improvements . Their Catchment Area Councils ( CACs ) provide a venue for all stakeholders — consumers , family members , providers , and town representatives — to work together to improve mental health services to the residents of Bridgeport , Darien , Easton , Fairfield , Greenwich , Monroe , New Canaan , Norwalk , Stamford , Stratford , Trumbull , Weston , Westport , and Wilton .
Who does n't love credit card rewards , whether they 're in the form of points for purchases , air miles , or straight-up cash back ? There are few things so satisfying as getting that rebate check in the mail , or using your miles to pay for a flight .
And yet , evidently , not everyone is enjoying the credit card rewards they 've earned .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed This Is the System Keeping Your Credit Cards Safe 2:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A new survey by Bankrate.com found that 31 percent of credit card holders in the U.S have never redeemed their credit card rewards . Say what ? People , why are n't you taking advantage of these perks ?
Bankrate 's survey , which consulted 1,001 adults , did n't find the answer to that question , but Bankrate analyst Robin Saks Frankel suggests that pure ignorance could be to blame .
Wait , I Have Rewards ?
`` It 's possible that people do n't cash in their rewards because they 've had the card so long they do n't realize they 've accrued rewards , '' said Saks Frankel .
Matt Freeman , head of credit card products at Navy Federal Credit Union , finds that customers redeem more when they receive reminders about their rewards .
`` In my experience the more our members are reminded about their card benefits , including their rewards bank , the more they redeem , '' said Freeman , adding that Navy Federal 's cash-back credit card , cashRewards , is its most popular card across all generations .
Related : Shopping for a New Credit Card ? Follow These Expert Tips
Bankrate 's survey found that boomers were actually more likely to redeem rewards than millennials — but only by one percentage point .
`` According to the results of our survey , 38 percent of millennials have cashed in their rewards within the last six months compared with 39 percent of baby boomers . We 're not seeing a large statistical difference between different generations in how they use rewards based on the survey . ''
Building a Rewards Nest Egg
Why cash in now , when you can wait a few more months or even years to garner enough points to get something you really want ? This is the thinking behind some credit card holders .
`` Some people save [ their points ] for years hoping to have enough to finance a major trip or some other fabulous reward they would n't get any other way , '' said Adam Jusko , founder and CEO at CreditCardCatalog.com .
Aubrey Quinn , an older millennial who works in media relations , can relate to this sentiment . She has two American Express credit cards that offer rewards — one in the form of Delta miles , the other in points that can be accrued from various purchases .
A wife and mother of three , Quinn waits long stretches before redeeming her Delta miles so that when she does , she can `` cash out on a big family vacation . ''
On her other Amex card she 's racked up nearly 15,000 reward points , which qualifies her for either a $ 100 gift card at her choice of a number of retailers or money towards shopping . She 's conflicted as to whether she should just take what she can get now , or wait until she 's built up more points .
Related : Retailers Are Going High-Tech to Lure in Shoppers
`` I find myself thinking , 'If I use the card a few more times , I could get this reward or this trip instead . ' When I look at putting them toward gift cards , the dollar amount of the gift card is never significant enough that I 'm motivated to redeem them . ''
Redeeming Can Be a Headache
Redeeming credit card rewards is n't always as simple as it sounds .
`` Credit card rewards can be difficult to redeem , depending on the type of reward , '' asserted Sean McQuay , credit card expert at NerdWallet . `` To use travel rewards , [ you ] need to have a specific trip planned , and , depending on the program , enough points to cover the entire cost . On top of that , you always have the worry that you might get a better point value [ using them toward ] something else . ''
Companies Make It Confusing
What 's more , credit card companies seem to go out of their way to make rewards systems hard to comprehend for the non-expert . Plus , no two cards are the same .
`` Rewards can be very confusing , '' said Matthew Goldman , credit card expert and founder of Wallaby . `` There are many cards that are cash-back only . You typically earn a set amount like 1 percent of all spend or 1.5 percent of all spend back as a rebate . Most cards require you to log in to the bank 's website and redeem that cash back as a credit on your statement , or as a check that is mailed to you . A few banks will allow for automatic redemption . Bank of America , for example , will allow you to automatically redeem cash back from their cards into your BofA checking account . They will even provide a minimum 10 percent bonus on the amount of cash back when you do this . ''
`` There are some cards that earn points that can be used as cash back . For example , Chase Ultimate Rewards points or American Express membership rewards points can be used for cash back ( at a value of $ 0.01 per point ) although you can also use these points to book travel or transfer ( exchange ) these points for miles in various airline programs . The value when you do this is much higher , typically around $ 0.015 or $ 0.02 per point . We always recommend using transferrable points for travel versus cash back due to the 50 percent or higher value . ''
Huh ? Exactly . If you want to keep it as simple as possible , and redeem on a regular basis , opt for a cash-back rewards card .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Credit Cards Offer Hidden Benefits That Could Save Money in Big Ways 1:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Cash-Back Is Easiest to Redeem
`` Unsurprisingly , cash-back rewards have the highest redemption rate because cash-back is all about simplicity and flexibility — [ you ] do n't need to have a specific purpose in mind or worry about getting the best value , '' said McQuay .
What 's the best cash-back rewards card ? Well , it depends on the type of purchases you make and where you shop , but definitely seek a card that does n't charge an annual fee .
`` The best cash-back credit cards for most are those without an annual fee that offer flat rewards across all spending categories , '' said Frankel . `` Some of the most user-friendly cash-back cards include the Chase Freedom , the Citi Double Cash Back , Discover it , and the Capital One Quicksilver . ''
Whatever card you choose ( or switch over to ) , make sure you 're focused not on the rewards you want , but on the purchases you already make from which you can actually prosper .
`` Pick a card that maximizes rewards on where you spend , not on the type of rewards you want , '' said McQuay . `` For most Americans , even most millennials , that will mean that cash-back cards are the better bet , and honestly , at the end of the day , what 's more useful than cash ? ''
Not Redeeming Is Fine , So Long as Rewards Do n't Expire
If you fall in the 31 percent of credit card holders who are n't redeeming their points , you may have nothing to worry about . But to be on the safe side , read the fine print to be sure your points do n't expire .
`` I recommend consumers study the rewards program associated with their credit cards and check their rewards bank regularly , '' said Freeman . `` It 's okay if they are n't redeeming regularly , as long as their points bank does n't expire . ''
It 's not often that you hear a star as big as as Drake throwing around terms like racial profiling — but Drizzy 's latest ordeal has the rapper screaming prejudice .
On Monday , after a fun weekend in Coachella , the 6 God posted an Instagram message , criticizing a private country club called , The Madison Club , for allegedly racially profiling him and his crew . He posted , and deleted a picture of the club 's logo and the caption , “ The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling ? ? # Coachella . ”
Drake 's post and delete proves that regardless of fortune and fame , nothing can prevent you being discriminated against as a person of color . It definitely got the attention of the club because they commented on Drizzy 's post :
Yikes ! Drake got the # MadisonClub shooketh 👀 A post shared by The Shade Room ( @ theshaderoom ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 8:54am PDT
Damage control in full effect .
DEMENTIA CAREGIVERS SUPPORT GROUP
Recognizing the stress that can come from taking care of a loved one with Alzheimer 's and other forms of dementia , the Petaluma Senior Center is hosting a Dementia Caregivers Support Group held on the first and third Thursdays of the month . The next meeting is July 5 , from 10:30 a.m. to noon . Confiden-tial and caring , the meeting will encourage the sharing of concerns , and will be guided by facilitator Su-san Kay Gilbert , an expert on long-term dementia and care-giving . Free of charge . Petaluma Seniors Center , 211 Novak Drive .
JOE PANIK IN PETALUMA
As part of the grand opening festivities at Petaluma 's new downtown Strike Zone sports memorabilia store , at 155 W. Kentucky St. , the Giants second baseman Joe Panik will be at the store to meet fans and ( for a fee , from $ 20 up , depending on ) signing stuff . Saturday , June 7 , 7 p.m. to 8 pm .
LIT NIGHT : CHLOE BENJAMIN
This month 's installment of Copperfield 's Books ' Lit Night series brings acclaimed writer Chloe Benja-min to town for an up-close-and-personal conversation with Chloe Benjamin , author of the new novel “ The Immortalists. ” Set in 1969 , on New York City 's Lower East Side , the novel follows the impact of a travelling psychic who claims to be able to tell a person the exact day they will die . Monday , July 9 , 7 p.m. , at Copperfield 's Books , 140 Kentucky St .
BLACKSMITHS , IRONMONGERS AND METALWORKERS
Anyone who works with metal , either as an artist or a bridge builder , a welder or a horseshoe maker , is invited to this casual meet-up at the Aqus Café , Wednesday , July 10 , 6 p.m. to 8 p.m . The event pro-vides a chance for those who follow a related path and passion to engage in conversation , network , and develop artistic and professional connections . 198 H St. Aqus.com .
VILLAGE NETWORK
Petaluma 's Village Network will host a free introductory meeting on Thursday , July 12 from 11 a.m. to noon . The nonprofit assists older adults ( 50 and up ) in aging well while remaining in their homes . This meeting will give an overview of the Village Network 's innovative model that is being embraced all over the world . Family members and caregivers are welcome as well . 401 Petaluma Blvd . VillageNetworkofPetaluma.org .
‘ KNOW BEFORE YOU GROW '
A repeat performance of the original Petaluma-themed play “ Why We Get the Town We Get : A Cautionary Tale ” will be presented on Wednesday , July 18 , at 7 p.m. at the Petaluma Regional Library . Described as “ a spirited , sometimes cynical , always funny ” exploration of why towns like ours build what they build — and what can be done to change things for the better . This free one-act show will take place in the Community Room . Seating is limited , so arriving early is recommended . 100 Fairgrounds Drive .
Has the world gone mad ? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower . ...
Ever since Anurag Kashyap has heard the news of CBFC chairman Pahlaj Nihalani being replaced by adman-lyricist Prasoon Joshi , he ca n't contain his happiness and while , talking to HT , he said , `` Something you 've been waiting for , and it suddenly happens , it 's like wow ! Did this really happen ? And that , too , before my film came out . ''
Talking about Prasoon Joshi , he said , `` I might disagree with the things [ Prasoon Joshi ] says or does sometimes , but not all the time . Also , he 's a very open person . What is amazing is that a dialogue is possible . ''
`` See , the government that will come in -any government , Congress or BJP - will always hand over institutions to people who 're kind of aligned with its ideologies . ''
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT ' Actor !
`` I believe there should be no censorship and only certification , and I believe Prasoon Joshi is the kind of person who believes in that , because he has often talked about it , '' said Anurag .
Recalling his traumating experience with Pahlaj Nihalani , he said , `` Pahlajji was like a darbar ( court ) who 'd sit down and make you stand and talk for three hours and lecture you how he 's better than you . ''
`` It 's a very humiliating process that every filmmaker went through . It was n't a dialogue but only a monologue , where he would be the one talking ; and he 'd tell you what to do . There would be subtle threats and this and that ... You have no idea what kind of relief this is ! ''
The public is invited to the H.O.T . event on Oct. 23 at Congregation B'nai B'rith
The Santa Barbara County Action Network is celebrating its 10-year anniversary with a roast of founding members Dick and Mickey Flacks .
The H.O.T . Roast will be held Oct. 23 at Congregation B'nai B'rith 's Social Hall , 1000 San Antonio Creek Road in Santa Barbara . The reception will begin at 5 p.m. , followed by the dinner and program at 6 p.m .
Hannah-Beth Jackson and Geoff Green will emcee the event . Members of the public are invited . Tickets are $ 75 . Sponsorships and ads in the Memory Book are available . Click here for more information and to register online , or contact Joyce Howerton at 805.563.0463 or . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
SB CAN begin 10 years ago when 30 activists met at the Flacks ' home in Santa Barbara .
“ We saw a need for a countywide organization to be an informed voice on issues such as land use , open space , housing , the environment and social justice , ” said Howerton , one of the founders and the current executive director . “ We are excited to bring this full circle with a roast of Dick and Mickey , two dedicated community members who have been integral to the success of SB CAN and many other organizations all these years . ”
One of the first issues the group addressed was preventing gentrification in Santa Barbara by opposing conversion of rental apartments to high-end condos .
Other significant issues have been opposing the county split and supporting the Safe Routes to School program . SB CAN have held educational forums in county supervisorial elections , dealing with the crisis at the Santa Barbara News-Press and Sustainable Communities . It has advocated for policies that support affordable housing throughout the county and has supported general plan revisions that emphasize its H.O.T . principles — Housing , Open Space and Transportation . It has recognized community leaders each year with the North County “ Looking Forward ” Awards Dinner .
Most recently , SB CAN lead the SUN Coalition in negotiating a long-term agreement with UCSB so that its future development benefits the region with respect to housing , public transit , traffic , energy and conservation .
— Joyce Howerton is executive director of the Santa Barbara County Action Network .
With a crazy first weekend of the 2018 NCAA tournament in the books , it is time to examine the field 's conference breakdown heading into the Sweet 16 .
While some multi-bid leagues like the AAC , Atlantic 10 and Pac-12 were shut out of the second weekend after miserable tournament showings , other leagues like the ACC and Big 12 lived up to the hype .
Here 's a look at the tournament 's conference breakdown before the Sweet 16 .
4 — ACC
No . 2 Duke
No . 5 Clemson
No . 9 Florida State
No . 11 Syracuse
Notes : It 's not surprising to see the ACC with four teams in the Sweet 16 after getting nine teams in the Field of 68 . What is surprising is that Clemson , Florida State and Syracuse are three of the four teams still left . The ACC could have dominated the field if No . 1 seed Virginia and No . 2 seed North Carolina held up their end of the bargain . Both were upset in blowout fashion . No . 6 seed Miami , No . 8 seed Virginia Tech and No . 9 seed N.C. State were all dropped in the first round as well . It 's also worth noting that three of these four teams ( sorry , Florida State ) reside in the Midwest Regional as the ACC will be guaranteed at least one Elite Eight teams from Duke and Syracuse 's Sweet 16 matchup . The Blue Devils won the regular season matchup , 60-44 , at Cameron Indoor Stadium in February as they 're looking like the best Final Four contender left from the bunch .
4 — Big 12
No . 1 Kansas
No . 3 Texas Tech
No . 5 West Virginia
No . 9 Kansas State
Notes : Many people considered the Big 12 the best ( and toughest ) top-to-bottom conference in America this season . By tying the ACC with the most teams still left in the field , the Big 12 backed up that sentiment with its first-weekend performance . Getting 40 percent of your conference into the Sweet 16 is a major accomplishment . It 's also notable that the top four teams in the Big 12 's regular season standings are all still playing basketball . The regular season results actually stayed true-to-form during the tournament . The league 's only disappointments stem from No . 6 TCU 's upset loss to No . 11 seed Syracuse , Trae Young and No . 10 seed Oklahoma falling in overtime to No . 8 seed Rhode Island and No . 10 seed Texas blowing a double-digit lead No . 7 seed Nevada .
2– Big Ten
No . 2 Purdue
No . 3 Michigan
Notes : This is a decent showing for the Big Ten as all four tournament teams won in the first round while two of the teams advanced to the second weekend . Purdue lost big man Isaac Haas to an elbow injury but the No . 2 seed Boilermakers still beat No . 10 seed Butler for the second time this season . Amidst all of the chaos on the left side of the bracket in the South and West Regionals , No . 3 seed Michigan is the highest remaining seed among that group of eight teams . It was stunning to see No . 3 seed Michigan State get bounced by a double-digit seed for the second time in three years as they fell to No . 11 seed Syracuse . The Spartans were a credible national title threat , as their early exit does tarnish some of the Big Ten 's success . No . 5 seed Ohio State also finds themselves out after losing to No . 4 seed Gonzaga in the Round of 32 . The Big Ten was certainly down this season . Michigan State 's loss is a major letdown . But it could have been much worse . At least the Big Ten might have a dark horse Final Four contender pan out in red-hot Michigan and Purdue is still dangerous without Haas .
2 — SEC
No . 5 Kentucky
No . 7 Texas A & M
Notes : The SEC finally might have showed its true colors after a bizarre regular season that nobody could have predicted . Only two of eight NCAA tournament team are still left as the SEC was gutted after losses . After both failing to live up to preseason projections for most of the season , No . 5 seed Kentucky and No . 7 seed Texas A & M are both peaking at the right time . It 's hard to believe , but the Wildcats are now the favorite in the South Regional now that the top four seeds have all been eliminated . And after the Aggies earned a blowout win over defending champion and No . 2 seed North Carolina , they should also be taken seriously . It 's the rest of the SEC that is hard to take seriously after this weekend . Co-conference regular season champions No . 4 seed Auburn and No . 3 seed Tennessee were both ousted — the Tigers were flat-out embarrassed by No . 5 seed Clemson . No . 6 seed Florida and No . 9 seed Alabama both won openers before bowing out in the second round . No . 7 seed Arkansas and No . 8 seed Missouri both exited the event after the first round . With only two of eight teams left in the field , this was n't what the SEC had in mind after a resurgent season for basketball . The two remaining teams could still salvage the SEC 's season with a deep tournament run . Both of those inconsistent teams could implode at a moment 's notice .
1 — Big East
No . 1 Villanova
Notes : The 2018 NCAA tournament has been brutal for the six-bid Big East . The Wildcats have shot the ball at an extremely high level for two games . The rest of the conference was a disaster . Xavier , the league 's second No . 1 seed , was upset by No . 9 seed Florida State . No . 8 seed Seton Hall and No . 10 seed Butler were both bounced in the second round as well by No . 1 seed Kansas and No . 2 seed Purdue , respectively . Creighton and Providence could n't even make it out of the first round after losses to No . 9 seed Kansas State and No . 7 seed Texas A & M . This was a year to forget for the Big East .
1 — Missouri Valley Conference
No . 11 Loyola
Notes : The Ramblers advancing to the Sweet 16 is important for the Valley because it signifies that the league can still make noise in March without Wichita State . It probably feels even better for the Valley knowing that the Shockers also lost in the first round to No . 13 seed Marshall . One Valley head coach even made sure to mention all of that on Twitter .
1 — Mountain West
No . 7 Nevada
Notes : The Wolf Pack are in the Sweet 16 for the second time in program history ( 2004 ) as the tournament 's comeback kids are a dangerous bunch . With two double-digit second-half comebacks already , Nevada is a team that you can never count out . No . 11 seed San Diego State , the league 's only other tournament team , got Rob Grayed against No . 6 seed Houston in the first round , but the Aztecs at least made a respectable second-half comeback before losing .
1 — West Coast Conference
No . 4 Gonzaga
Notes : Back in the Sweet 16 for the fourth consecutive season , Gonzaga has remained one of the tournament 's most consistent teams in recent years . Even after losing multiple pieces from last season 's national runner-up , the Zags managed to be the last Final Four team from last season still in the 2018 field .
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts , part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights .
The bill , similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin , is high on the state 's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor 's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years .
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance , seniority and extra pay . The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike . And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues .
Public safety employees , such as law enforcement officers , would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill . Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions .
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation , teachers , teamsters , firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night , breaking into chants of `` Kill the bill . ''
`` Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights ! '' shouted Becky Pringle , of the National Education Association , to the crowd from atop a folding chair .
The state 's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure , which is expected to last several days .
`` This is a major change and policy shift , '' said state Sen. Nate Boulton , a Democrat . `` It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process . ''
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities .
`` Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we do n't get anything done , '' said state Rep. Steve Holt , a Republican . `` So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government . ''
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill , but only 33 got the chance . State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said she left her previous job , which paid well , for the better benefits that state employees receive .
If the bill becomes law , the risks of working in a prison are `` no longer worth it , '' said Herron . `` You may think that 's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there . ''
Herron said she was upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall . `` If this bill passes , do n't think in 2018 I 'm going to forget what you 've done to my family . ''
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill , including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity , the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — If you 're in your mid-40s and have n't had your colon checked , it may be time .
New guidelines from the American Cancer Society say colorectal cancer screening should start at age 45 , not 50 . That 's because cancer and death rates are rising for younger adults .
Colorectal cancers are the second deadliest cancer . University of Minnesota researchers helped determine the new standard , in health watch .
Proud teacher and proud mom , Sonya Zucker of White Bear Lake , has a lot to be proud of . Four years ago , she took on an unwanted title too . She said she knew something was wrong when she saw “ Blood in the poop , blood in the stool . ”
It was Stage 4 colon cancer .
“ It was a month before my 42nd birthday , ” Zucker said .
It is young to be diagnosed with colon cancer . Until now , screening was n't even recommended till age 50 . The American Cancer Society has now lowered the age to 45 .
“ I had six rounds of chemo , followed by a major surgery and six more rounds of chemo , ” Zucker said .
University of Minnesota Researcher Dr. Timothy Church is a professor at the School of Public Health , and he is trying to prevent stories like Sonya 's .
He was part of the new study recommending screening younger people . As his data shows , colon cancer has been going up in people in their 20s , 30s and 40 's . But it 's going down in older populations .
“ I think it 's at least partly because we 're doing screening for colorectal cancer , colonoscopies , Sigmoidoscopies , blood test , all the different ways , ” Church said .
His hope is to spare people like Sonya , who is now in remission , from a whole lot of pain .
“ We can save lives and we can prevent sickness and suffering if people get screened for colorectal cancer , ” Church said .
Another takeaway from Dr. Church : He says if you are healthy and above the age of 75 , you should continue to get screened for cancer at least through the age of 85 .
Those at high risk , including African-Americans and Alaska natives , should get screened even earlier than their mid-40s .
Here is the study .
A SpaceX rocket is ready to deliver one of the most high-tech payloads ever to the International Space Station .
The launch is scheduled for 12:31 p.m . ET . on Monday from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center is Florida .
It marks the 12th unmanned resupply mission that SpaceX -- the private space exploration company headed by Tesla CEO Elon Musk -- has conducted for NASA since 2012 .
Cargo missions are always packed with some interesting payloads -- typically several tons of experiment equipment , food and other provisions .
But Monday 's mission will carry something the space station has never seen before : A supercomputer built by Hewlett Packard Enterprise , dubbed the `` Spaceborne Computer . ''
If it works , it could be the most powerful commercial computer ever to operate in space .
Astronauts aboard the space station already have a bunch of devices you 'd find at your local electronics store -- including HP laptops .
But a supercomputer is something different . It 's a much more powerful piece of hardware that can crunch massive amounts of data and send the results to other computers in just moments .
According to Mark Fernandez , the HPE engineer who is heading up this new experiment , the space-bound supercomputer will have the ability to make one trillion calculations in a single second -- about 30 to 100 times more powerful than your average desktop computer .
Julie Robinson , the chief scientist for NASA 's space station program , said if this supercomputer can function in the harsh conditions of space -- it 'll be very exciting news for companies down here on earth .
Robinson points out that a huge point of interest for the private sector is taking high-quality satellite images of earth in order to track things like crop growth or oil exploration .
`` What 's happening is -- just as your TV now has so much more resolution -- the same thing is happening with [ satellite imagery ] , '' she said .
But the high-definition images require 200 to 300 times more data , which can clog up the communication pipeline between earth and space . That 's where a supercomputer on board the space station would become hugely valuable , Robinson told CNNMoney .
`` If you can process the data on board [ the space station ] , you then only need to send down a subset of the data that 's actually needed , '' she said .
Will the supercomputer work ?
We 'll find out soon enough . After launch on Monday , SpaceX 's Dragon spacecraft will detach from the top portion of the rocket . It 'll then fire up its own engines and spend about two days traveling through orbital space .
Then , it 'll dock with the space station , and the astronauts on board can collect the payload .
Fernandez said HPE has volunteered to have its payload removed last , so it 'll be a few days into September by the time the supercomputer makes its way onto the space station and is plugged in .
`` If it powers up , that 's going to be my first relief . I will be very excited then , '' Fernandez told CNNMoney .
Worries about the impact of a tightening job market on the prospects for inflation and a surge in bond yields sent investors fleeing equities on Friday , with the
Dow Jones Industrials Average swooning almost 666 points , for its biggest daily percentage loss in 20 months .
It was the biggest daily point fall in the Dow since December , 2008 during the financial crisis .
With Friday 's rout , Wall Street 's three major indexes logged their biggest weekly losses in two years , after closing at record highs the previous week .
The S & P 500 and Dow saw their worst weeks since early January 2016 while Nasdaq had its worst week since early Feb 2016 .
“ People are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks , ” said Chuck Carlson , chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond , Indiana .
Overnight stock price losses accelerated after the US Labor Department reported employment grew more than expected in January with the biggest wage gain in more than eight and a half years .
The picture of workers commanding higher salaries fueled expectations that inflation is on the rise , which could prompt the Federal Reserve to take a more aggressive approach to rate hikes this year .
That caused the 10-year Treasury yield to surge to 2.8450 per cent the highest since January , 2014 , which could make returns on treasuries look more attractive relative to stocks .
But market players are not convinced that the bull market in stocks that that saw the S & P 500 rise 5.6 per cent in January is over . In fact many say a pull back was overdue .
“ You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates , greater inflation story , and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now , ” said Mr Carlson .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 665.75 points , or 2.54 per cent , to 25,520.96 ; the S & P 500 lost 59.85 points , or 2.12 per cent , to 2,762.13 ; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 144.92 points , or 1.96 per cent , to 7,240.95 . - Reuters
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Meet Sebastian Hamilton - the sports coach all the kids love .
He 's the motivator , the father-figure and the job creator who has made it his aim to give something back to his local community .
What 's refreshing is to see the likeable 32-year-old sporting a smile as he ploughs through his daily duties .
Work is n't a chore anymore . Not when the results are as rewarding as his .
At one school last year the ex-Aston Villa FC development coach received Father 's Day cards from inner-city youngsters as a thank-you gesture for his time and effort .
It was from his hard work at Sporting Elite , the Community Interest Company that he set up to help give something back to the area where he grew up as a child .
Raised in Perry Barr , the ex-Birchfield Harrier and semi-professional footballer recognised a need to promote sport in the community .
First he started out coaching in parks , now he 's working at a number of schools and also creating jobs for aspiring young coaches .
“ I try to keep it real with the kids because that 's the way they like it , ” Seb told the Birmingham Mail .
“ But while I 'm teaching them to perform better at certain sports , I 'm also trying to keep them out of trouble . ”
Sporting Elite is a Multi-Sports Company who cover a range of sports such as cricket , dancing ultimate Frisbee and even fencing .
At a recent school rounders tournament he only selected youngsters who had behaved well at school so they could quickly learn about discipline .
“ I think that 's the best way to work. ” he said .
“ I take as much satisfaction from keeping a child out of trouble as seeing them thrive at the sport they 're participating in . ”
His team is gradually growing .
There are now 13 coaches on board covering 20 schools in Birmingham .
Seb runs his own personal apprenticeship scheme where he nurtures young coaches who meet his high standards .
And there 's even bigger plans for the future for the man who used to run alongside Mark Lewis-Francis as a kid and played football in the Conference with Stafford Rangers .
At Villa he worked with young adults from areas of the city who were vulnerable to crime and anti-social behaviour as part of the community team .
But he also witnessed what it was like for talented footballers who did n't quite make the grade in the lower-age categories .
The hope for the future is to create a development team where youngsters can continue playing football . Sporting Elite have teamed up with a local team Hill United who compete in the Birmingham Shapla League , both are working together to help teens make the transition into open age football and the partnership is working for both parties as Hill United made it to the Shapla league cup final at Villa Park last season .
Sporting Elite has close links with a newly-formed agency - Ballers Sports Management Consultancy - who also plan to offer guidance and support to the kids and help them back into the professional or semi-professional game .
“ I have no regrets in my life but if I 'd had a coach or mentor to guide me through my earlier years and offer me support and advice , who knows what might have happened , ” Seb added .
“ My aim now is to try to give something back to Birmingham and help the kids enjoy better lives through sport . ”
For more information on Sporting Elite or to contact Sebastian Hamilton , visit : www.sporting-elite.com or call : 07759 863544 .
US private equity giant KKR , which is in the process of buying financial services firm Pepper , has rejected suggestions that it may try to offload the group 's Irish assets in a bid to streamline the business .
KKR said it was fully committed to Pepper 's Irish unit , which employs more than 400 people in Dublin and Shannon , and manages a mixture of legacy debt acquired during the financial crisis and about €150 million of new Irish mortgages .
“ Our intention is to further the commitment that Pepper Group has shown to date for its business in Ireland and Europe , its employees and its customers , and help the company fulfil its full growth potential , ” a spokeswoman told The Irish Times .
She said the agreement , which has still to be approved by Pepper shareholders , would not result in any material changes to the firm 's Irish operations .
“ We are impressed with Pepper 's culture of compliance and high level of service to customers and want to support Pepper Group on the whole , ” she said .
“ Pepper will keep its name , culture and values , and this agreement brings no changes to Pepper 's Irish operations , ” the spokesperson added .
The Sydney-based non-bank lender traditionally specialises in “ non-conforming ” home loans – those that fail to meet bank criteria for funding – and most of its business is in Australasia . It also manages debt , mainly subprime mortgages , on behalf of third parties .
Home loans
The group 's Irish arm manages about €18 billion of assets acquired in the immediate aftermath of the financial crisis . More recently , its Irish arm has entered the mortgage market here and , as of last month , had some €150 million worth of home loans either drawn down or in the pipeline .
The KKR deal , which values Pepper at about AUS $ 657 million ( €438 million ) , looks set to net chairman and largest shareholder Seumas Dawes about AUS $ 195 million ( €130 million ) .
The London-based Australian banker has links with Ireland via Shamrock Rovers . Mr Dawes and fellow investor Ray Wilson , who owns 50 per cent of the club , are providing the club with an interest-free loan of €1.5 million to invest in a youth academy .
While the loan is due for repayment by 2026 both men have provided guarantees that they will neither pass it on to a third party nor , in the event that the club is unable to come up with the funds in 10 years ' time , force Rovers into examinership or liquidation .
Mr Dawes is a professional investor , who was previously a portfolio manager at UK-listed Ashmore Group . He also owns the Astra Lodge , an upmarket ski resort in Australia 's Victorian Alps .
Pepper 's board have recommended shareholders vote in favour of the KKR deal . Shares in the group were trading at AUS $ 3.54 at the close of business on Monday , about 20 per cent up since speculation of a deal was first reported by the Australian Financial Review at the end of May .
Buying Pepper will give KKR exposure to the sale of residential mortgages in Australia , whose largest cities have seen prices soar over the past five years .
Miami Heat guard Matt Williams ( 12 ) attempts to regain control of the ball as he is guarded by Atlanta Hawks guard Quinn Cook , right , while passing forward Jordan Mickey ( 25 ) during the second half of an NBA preseason basketball game , Sun. , Oct. 1 , 2017 , in Miami . The Heat defeated the Hawks 96-90 . Wilfredo Lee AP
( CBS News ) — Jorge Bustamante spent his birthday doing what he loves : fishing . When he set off in a fishing boat with his parents on Monday , he was n't expecting the “ present ” he received : a big brick of marijuana from the sea .
Bustamante told CBS News he and his parents were fishing off the coast of Pompano Beach , Florida , when he saw something floating in the water . He reached in and pulled out a brick of weed . A surprised Bustamante posted photos of the “ sea weed ” on Instagram .
- Advertisement -
“ Got an early birthday gift from Pablo Escobar , ” he wrote , joking that the marijuana came from the late Colombian drug kingpin . He said there were few mahi-mahi and kingfish in Hillsboro Inlet that morning , but it still became a fishing trip the family will remember for a long time .
Bustamante did n't keep his “ present. ” Weed is n't legal in Florida , although it is allowed for medical use , so maybe that 's why the fish had it . Instead of giving it back to the sea , Bustamante says he contacted the Coast Guard , who sent a crew to come to pick it up .
Suzuki Motorcycle India Pvt . Ltd ( SMIPL ) have equipped their 150-cc cruiser , Intruder with a Fuel Injection ( Fi ) system , priced at Rs 1.06 lakh ( ex-showroom , Delhi ) . The FI helps improve the riding experience and fuel efficiency of the bike .
The new Intruder-Fi is available in two colours – Metallic Oort and Metallic Matt Black ; and Glass Sparkle Black and Metallic Matt Titanium Silver . The 154.9 cc single , air-cooled engine continues to produce 14.8 PS at 8,000 rpm and 14 Nm at 6,000 rpm .
Sajeev Rajasekharan , Executive Vice President , Sales & Marketing , SMIPL said , “ Since it 's launch , the Intruder has received an overwhelming demand with close to 15000 units sold , overachieving our projected sales target by 25 per cent . With a unique blend of premium appeal , coupled with futuristic features like ABS and now an efficient Fuel Injection technology , the Intruder is a premium offering in the cruiser segment , unlike any other . ”
The carburetted variant of the bike was launched in November 2017 at Rs 98,340 which is about Rs 8,500 cheaper than the FI version .
In a rambling video , Steve Stephens said , `` I snapped , I just snapped . '' But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of himself killing a Cleveland retiree , police were unable to explain what set him off .
`` Only Steve knows that , '' Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $ 50,000 reward for Stephens ' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr. , a 74-year-old former foundry worker .
In the video , Stephens blamed a former girlfriend he had lived with , saying he woke up last week and `` could n't take it anymore . '' But in a statement Monday , the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to her and her children .
As for the shooting victim , Godwin appeared to have been selected at random , gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of his children .
A manhunt that started in Cleveland 's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens , a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults , police said .
`` He could be nearby . He could be far away or anywhere in between , '' FBI agent Stephen Anthony said .
Law enforcement officials said his cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie , Pennsylvania , about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) east of Cleveland .
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips , and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens . But they said there was no sign he was actually there .
Some of those who know Stephens described him as pleasant and kind , while some said he had a gambling problem . He filed for bankruptcy two years ago .
`` He got along with everybody , so it 's just unbelievable what happened , '' said Alexis Lee , a friend who saw Stephens last week .
The police chief said : `` We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this , because we do n't know . ''
Godwin 's daughter said he was killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag .
`` Not because he needed the money , it was just something he did , '' said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin . `` That 's all he was doing . He was n't harming anyone . ''
She said her father , who had 10 children , was a gentle man with nothing mean about him .
In the shooting video , Stephens told Godwin a woman 's name and said , `` She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you . '' The victim did not seem to recognize the woman 's name . The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin , who shielded his face with the plastic bag .
The woman Stephens spoke of , Joy Lane , said in a text to CBS that `` we had been in a relationship for several years . I am sorry that all of this has happened . '' She said Stephens was `` a nice guy '' who was generous to everyone .
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down .
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens , despite his claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people .
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade him to surrender , police said .
Stephens worked at Beech Brook , a social service agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people . He helped them gain job skills and find employment , said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer .
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome , she said .
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015 . His attorney at the time , Trent Binger , said Monday that he remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems .
`` He was an easy client to deal with , '' Binger said . `` Always respectful to me ... well-mannered . ''
A married couple , Dawn and Robert Stelling were passengers on the plane that crash landed in a Clairemont school park and burst into flames in the backyard of a nearby home on Saturday .
Dawn survived , Robert did not .
The couple live in Southhampton , New York with their three children .
Gil Flanagan , an acquaintance of Robert Stelling for over 20 years , discussed the loss of his friend with NBC 7 .
`` Robert was one of the nicest people I 've ever known , '' Flanagan said . `` It 's a terrible loss . This whole community will miss him and we stand behind him and his family . ''
Flanagan said Robert Stelling , 50 , was the owner of a beach and tennis club .
He said Dawn Stelling owns an animal hospital . She and her husband were in San Diego attending an annual veterinary medicine conference before the crash .
They were also visiting a friend , the other victim killed in the crash . NBC 7 has not been able to confirm that person 's identity .
Dawn Stelling is on her way home to Southampton to be with her family .
Flanagan said the couple was on the plane because Dawn `` wanted to see San Diego from the sky . ''
The plane , a 1995 Beechcraft Bonanza , was a six-seat single-engine airplane . It was registered to Altitude Aviation Inc. , out of Hermosa Beach , California .
Calls to the owners of Altitude Aviation have yet to be returned .
Makurdi -The Benue House of Assembly on Wednesday passed a Bill to prohibit marriage contract between persons of same sex in the state .
Cited as Same-sex Marriage Prohibition Law , 2018 , the bill was passed at plenary after a clause by clause consideration by the Committee of the whole presided by the Speaker , Mr Terkimbi Ikyange .
According to the bill , “ a marriage contract or civil union entered into between persons of same sex shall not be solemnised in a Church , Mosque or any other place of worship in Benue '' .
The bill also prohibited the registration or recognition of gay clubs , societies and organisations , their sustenance , procession and meeting as well as public show of same-sex amorous relationship directly or indirectly .
It stipulated that any person who entered into a same-sex marriage contract or civil union commits an offence and is liable on conviction to a term of 14 years imprisonment .
Speaking after the third reading of the bill , the Speaker said same sex union was alien to the culture and tradition of the State and has to be prohibited .
Former President Goodluck Jonathan signed into law the Bill which outlawed same-sex marriage in Nigeria on Jan. 7 , 2014 , in defiance of protests from some countries , groups and activists . ( NAN )
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 0:42 Cal Poly unveils new football , soccer practice facility Pause 1:23 Cal Poly head coach Tim Walsh talks about inaugural Osbaldo Orozco football scholarship 2:19 Highlights of Cal Poly 's overtime loss to Northern Iowa 2:46 Highlights of Cal Poly football 's loss to Colgate 1:01 Cal Poly football team opens 2017 spring practice 1:18 Big West baseball : Cal Poly vs. Cal State Fullerton highlights 1:24 Cal Poly drops Big West baseball opener 0:57 Cal Poly football : April 13 spring practice 9:27 Cal Poly Signing Day press conference 1:18 Mud , rock blocked the roads . So engineers hiked 14 miles to fix water pipes for Montecito Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Cal Poly opens Doerr Family Field , a new synthetic-turf practice facility to be used by the football and soccer teams , on Friday , February 2 , 2018 . Travis Gibson The Tribune
Cal Poly opens Doerr Family Field , a new synthetic-turf practice facility to be used by the football and soccer teams , on Friday , February 2 , 2018 . Travis Gibson The Tribune
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Mercedes-Benz has officially unveiled the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept at Auto China following a leak last week spilling key information about the concept . We can confirm that the Ultimate Luxury concept is a fully electric vehicle with four motors producing 750 horsepower . An 80-kWh battery provides a range of over 200 miles ( about 500 kilometers on the European test cycle ) - much less than the 310 mile figure we reported last week . A fast charge system can provide 60 miles of range within five minutes .
But why a sedan/SUV hybrid design ? It is most likely due to sedans and SUVs being the most popular body styles for luxury vehicles in China .
`` The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury is a totally new archetype of a kind never seen before . Our concept combines the DNA of an SUV with that of a sedan to produce an ultra- modern SUV of three-box design . With sensual and pure sophistication , we have created a timeless vehicle that underscores the position of Mercedes-Maybach as the ultimate luxury brand , '' says Gorden Wagener , Chief Design Officer at Daimler AG .
`` Totally new archetype of a kind never seen before '' ? Is Daimler ignoring the AMC Eagle , Subaru Outback Sedan , and Volvo S60 Cross Country which can be argued as being archetypes of this idea ? Maybe Wagener 's comments are coming from a place where it is a first for ultra-luxury brand to do , but still ...
There are other traits that are influenced by the Chinese market . The wood trim used in the concept is ebony or what Mercedes calls '' Magic Wood . '' This is used in traditional Chinese furniture design . The other is special accommodations for those sitting in the back . The seats provide a number of adjustments and sitting in between is a complete tea set , complete with a heated tray .
While we expect certain details of the concept to appear on an upcoming Maybach SUV , do n't expect the Ultimate Luxury concept
Source : Mercedes-Benz
World premiere of Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury
Exclusive motoring at the highest level
Apr 24 , 2018 – Stuttgart/Beijing - At `` Auto China 2018 '' in Beijing , Mercedes-Benz is presenting the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury . The design of the crossover , based on an exclusive high-end sedan and an SUV , follows the philosophy of Sensual Purity . The show car combines the comfort and typical strengths of both body styles . These include the raised seating position and the athletic looks . The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury is conceived as an electric vehicle with four compact permanent-magnet synchronous motors and fully variable all-wheel drive .
`` The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury is a totally new archetype of a kind never seen before , '' says Gorden Wagener , Chief Design Officer at Daimler AG . `` Our concept combines the DNA of an SUV with that of a sedan to produce an ultra- modern SUV of three-box design , '' says Wagener . `` With sensual and pure sophistication , we have created a timeless vehicle that underscores the position of Mercedes-Maybach as the ultimate luxury brand . ''
Continuing the Mercedes-Maybach success story
The concept vehicle not only embodies the Mercedes-Maybach design language , it also reflects the traditional brand values while continuing the successful Mercedes-Maybach story . True to the principle of creating `` the very best from the very best , '' Mercedes-Maybach stands for the ultimate in luxury while uniting the perfection of Mercedes-Benz with the exclusivity of Maybach .
The show car also merges influences from the Western and Far Eastern hemispheres to deliver an appealing automotive cultural dialogue . For instance , use is made of `` Magic Wood '' ebony , which is traditional in Chinese furniture design . The same motif is also underlined by the combination of SUV and notchback sedan , which are the most successful body styles not only internationally , but especially on the Chinese market .
In the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury , spaciousness and comfort , in combination with the raised seating position , elegant design and finest materials , particularly in the rear , give rise to a luxury experience at the highest level . The vehicle stands in exemplary manner for the typical Mercedes-Maybach values : traditional craftsmanship , uniqueness and individualization .
Exterior design : harmony of sensuality and purity
Smooth , extravagant surfaces with no beads or sharp edges create an image of sporty elegance : the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury has a majestic look . With its balanced proportions , the vehicle has tremendous presence .
The front end is accentuated by the distinctive chrome-plated radiator grille with its fine vertical bars in the style of a pinstripe suit . The new grille design celebrated its world premiere in the Vision Mercedes-Maybach 6 , the exclusive coupe concept car that delighted aficionados and fans of the brand in 2016 . It also inspired the latest reinterpretation for the Mercedes-Maybach S-Class .
In combination with the low-profile front headlamps with three lamp units , the grille dominates the front view of the vehicle while emphasizing its brand affiliation . The large air inlets along with the horizontal air inlet with integral chrome blades underline the sportiness of the SUV sedan while lending it a dynamic look . The air inlets are crossed by the brand 's typical honeycomb pattern . A continuous trim strip extends from the split bonnet across the roof through to the rear end .
Unlike a conventional sedan , the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury offers a significantly higher , SUV-typical seating position and therefore a sublime driving experience . This addresses the desire of many customers for a feeling of protection and security – a challenge for the designers . Ultimately , the task was to harmoniously transfer the familiar three-box design – hood , passenger compartment and trunk – to an SUV-like architecture . This produces an interesting tension between the poles of sportiness and Mercedes-Maybach luxury .
The upright C-pillar , long , gently forward-sloping hood and compact notchback dominate the sportily elegant side view . The muscular volume of the flank is accentuated by a long wheelbase and short rear overhangs . The overall appearance is rounded off by 24-inch turbine-look wheels .
Truncated running boards in machined aluminum are integrated in the lower door area . They are illuminated in white and bear the Maybach logo . The overall vehicle is accentuated by subtle chrome trim above the running boards as well as in the lower area of the front and rear ends . The electrically extending door handles are flush with the sides .
At the rear end , the three-part lamps are reminiscent of the design of the front headlamps . Situated above them is the visually vertically split rear window . Another striking feature is the modeled underride guard with diffuser look . It , too , is permeated by the Maybach pattern from the front end .
Sublimeness meets lightness : interior design
The interior of the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury features an exciting contrast between high-level sportiness and luxurious spaciousness . This show car is the ultimate embodiment of a luxury dream automobile . The goal of the interior designers was to provide echoes of the series-produced vehicles while transporting them into an unprecedented world of luxury . They created a symbiosis of sportiness , modernity and elegance , giving an idea of coming generations of Mercedes-Maybach models .
Exclusive materials with high-grade highlights exude exquisite quality in the interior , thereby underlining the vehicle 's superlative luxury . The generous feeling of spaciousness , together with the high-contrast color compositions , make for an unattained luxury experience . The colors employed are typical of the brand , such as rose gold , crystal white and pearl grey . Flowing forms , delicate fabrics and aluminum parts create an exciting contrast between the sportily elegant details of an SUV and the lightness of a sedan .
As the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury is intended primarily for chauffeur-driven use , its design is strongly focused on the rear passengers and their well-being . It is in the rear that the feeling of cozy spaciousness is at its most intense .
The driver 's area and cockpit are reduced to the essentials . Air vents , which reflect the design of the radiator grille , surround the free-standing Widescreen Cockpit with double 12.3-inch displays . The feeling of spaciousness is further enhanced by a light , contrasting bottom part of the instrument panel as well as by the reduced height of the dashboard . Overall , the interior creates an atmosphere of luxurious coziness that allows the occupants to relax pleasantly . To emphasize the visual lightness , the rose gold frame of the front seats is open , exposing the white leather to view . The color/material scheme celebrates the superlative luxury of the Vision Mercedes-Maybach with exquisite materials and breathtaking surfaces .
The luxurious lightness of the interior is emphasized by the color crystal white , the finest Nappa leather and a sensual shade of brown that features a light metallic finish on the instrument panel . Gleaming surfaces in polished aluminum generate exciting reflections while mirroring the highlight : the rose gold-coated seats . The claim to the ultimate in luxury goes hand-in-hand with extreme technical challenges . For instance , the intense Mercedes-Maybach signature red metallic finish is applied by expert hand in several coats . Tradition and modernity are reflected in the form of appealing contrasts . The entire interior is surrounded by a large-area trim level . Dark ebony forms an exciting contrast with the surrounding areas of white leather . Wave-like , flowing lines of light are integrated flush into the wood surfaces , impressively uniting the analogue and digital worlds . The tailored seat upholstery layouts take up the lines of the trim while giving a reinterpretation to the typical diamond shape . The fine perforations are in rose gold . Thought through down to the smallest detail , crafted with love and affection .
Modelled on the S-Class
As in the Mercedes-Maybach S-Class , the especially comfortable seats impress with their adjustment kinematics . Unlike in a conventional sedan , the backrest is adjusted separately while the footwell and seat reference point remain unchanged . The cushion can be adjusted separately , while the seat angle and height adjustment are combined . Extra-soft knee cushions afford protection and comfort . The reclining seats feature a calf support , which is freely adjustable for length and angle . The crystal white Nappa leather seats are enhanced by diamond stitching in rose gold .
The wide center console extends through to the rear . It is equipped with an integral , heated tray with teapot and cups , allowing exquisite tea-drinking enjoyment while on the road . The philosophy of tea plays a key role in bringing body and mind into balance while discovering the path to inner calm and vitality .
The tea service is integrated into a sculpted wooden tray made of ebony , known as `` Magic Wood . '' At the press of a button , the handmade service of the finest china can be electrically retracted into the console under a sliding cover finished in high- gloss black .
Enhanced user experience at the highest level
The Mercedes-Benz user experience , too , represents the definitive embodiment of a luxury dream car . The design language is warmer and brighter , creating a luxurious atmosphere . The car was created entirely in a 3D real-time graphic environment . Like a butler , the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury acts with anticipation , instead of offering long menus and lists . The vehicle plays music to match the current mood , knows the appointment calendar and plans the routes accordingly . In the rear , various flavors of tea and relaxation programs are on offer , depending on whom the rear passenger is .
The familiar ENERGIZING Comfort has been carried over from the S-Class . Systems such as massage , fragrance , light and music are combined , helping to regenerate and improve concentration . This holistic comfort and infotainment system can be individually programmed and adapted for every world market .
The highlight of the Mercedes-Benz user experience in the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury is the comprehensive touch control concept – a combination of touchscreen , touchpad on the center console and Touch Control Buttons on the steering wheel . Alongside the intuitive control experience , reduced driver distraction is a further advantage .
The control concept of the free-standing Widescreen Cockpit comprises three levels with rising information density : home screen , base screen and a submenu . The voice control adjusts to the user 's voice and adapts new vogue words or changed use of language . In addition , the system does not employ stereotypical responses , but uses interactive variation .
On the aesthetic front , it is based on the traditional Chinese ink painting style with its simplicity , white surfaces and balanced proportions .
State-of-the-art powertrain and suspension technology
The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury is conceived as an electric car . Thanks to its four compact permanent-magnet synchronous motors , it offers fully variable all-wheel drive . The output from the powertrain is 750 hp ( 550 kW ) . The flat underfloor battery has a usable capacity of around 80 kWh , producing a range of over 200 miles ( 500 kilometers according to the NEDC ) . The top speed is electronically limited to 155 mph ( 250 km/h ) .
The fast-charging function is also convenient : thanks to DC charging based on the CCS standard , the system allows a charging capacity of up to 350 kW . In just five minutes , enough power can be charged to achieve an additional range of around 60 miles ( 100 kilometers ) .
The battery can be charged by cable at public charging stations , conventional domestic socket outlets or , even more conveniently , by induction . The charging current is contactlessly transmitted by an electromagnetic field below the car .
