LONDON — Milos Raonic 's big serve has powered the Canadian to another victory at Wimbledon .
The No . 13 seed advanced to the third round of the grass-court Grand Slam with a 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 4 ) victory over unseeded Australian John Millman .
Raonic had just four break-point opportunities in the match , winning one .
But Millman did next to nothing against Raonic 's serve , converting on one-of-two break-point chances . Raonic had 34 aces , compared to only three for Millman .
The 27-year-old from Thornhill , Ont. , leads the ATP Tour in the past year with wins in 73.7 per cent of his tiebreaks — and Raonic continued that trend in his second-round victory .
A return to Wimbledon for the 2016 finalist seems to have given Raonic a boost . He lost in the first round of the Australian Open this year and missed the French Open with an injury , one of several health setbacks during the past few years .
Raonic will play the winner of a match between No . 17 Lucas Pouille of France and unseeded Austrian Dennis Novak in the third round .
Later Wednesday , Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa and partner Yifan Xu of China , the sixth seeds in the women 's doubles draw , open their tournament against American Alison Riske and Olga Savchuk of Ukraine .
Eugenie Bouchard of Westmount , Que. , and No . 26 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill , Ont. , are expected to play second-round matches on Thursday .
By The Canadian Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
April 14 Straight Path Communications Inc
* Straight Path Communications - upon termination of merger agreement under certain circumstances , co to pay at & t termination fee equal to $ 38 million-sec filing
* Straight Path Communications - in addition , at & t required to pay co an aggregate amount equal to $ 85 million , upon termination under certain circumstances
* Straight Path Communications - co , co 's financial advisor received letter from third party that had been bidding to acquire co before co entered agreement
* Straight Path Communications Inc - letter indicated that third party continues to be interested , and that it currently is evaluating a topping bid Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2 Sterling Construction Company Inc :
* Sterling Construction Company names Joseph Cutillo Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors
* Paul Varello , who has served as Sterling 's CEO since Feb 2015 , will relinquish the position , but will remain a director Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
New Zealand All Blacks - New Zealand All Blacks Captain 's Run - Stade Jean Moulin in Suresnes near Paris , France - 25/11/16 . New Zealand 's Kieran Read during captain 's run the day before their match against France . REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
WELLINGTON New Zealand suffered a major blow to their preparations for the upcoming British and Irish Lions series when captain Kieran Read fractured his thumb in Super Rugby action on Saturday and was forced to undergo surgery .
The number eight sustained the fracture to the base of his right thumb in Canterbury Crusaders ' 48-21 victory over South Africa 's Cheetahs in Bloemfontein on Saturday night and would be sidelined for around six weeks , the Super Rugby side said .
The 31-year-old is expected to lead the world champions in the highly-anticipated three-test series against the tourists , which begins with the first test in Auckland on June 24 .
`` ( It is ) extremely disappointing for Kieran and the All Blacks , '' Crusaders assistant coach Jason Ryan told New Zealand media .
`` The guy has worked so hard off the field to get his hand right from the surgery he had during the offseason and has been world class since returning to the field .
`` Obviously it 's disappointing and will be concerning for the All Blacks . ''
Read had surgery on his right wrist during the off season and only returned to Super Rugby against Japan 's Sunwolves on April 14 .
He would have been looking forward to a few more outings with the Crusaders , including potentially the tour match against the Lions on June 10 , before joining up with the All Blacks squad on June 11 .
A veteran of 97 tests since his debut against Scotland in 2008 , Read took over as captain full time after Richie McCaw retired in the wake of the 2015 World Cup triumph under a well-crafted succession plan .
Blindside flanker Jerome Kaino is also facing a race against time to be fit for the test series after undergoing an operation on a meniscus tear in his knee last Friday .
Losing the experience of a combined 174 tests from his back row would be a major blow to All Blacks coach Steve Hansen , even if he has a wealth of loose forward talent to choose from .
Openside flanker Sam Cane captained the All Blacks the last time Read did not start a test - against Italy last November - and the 25-year-old has long been identified as a strong candidate to succeed his Crusaders teammate in the long term .
The Lions , who will be captained by Sam Warburton , start their tour with a match against a New Zealand Barbarians side in Whangarei on June 3 .
( Reporting by Nick Mulvenney in Sydney , editing by Ian Ransom/Amlan Chakraborty )
Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Chongqing Fuling Zhacai Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS ASSET ACQUISITION , SHARE TRADE REMAINS SUSPENDED Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2AKNqwz Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
( ( This version of the story has corrected spelling of name in penultimate paragraph to Soungalo from Soungaola and moves up first full reference to President Alassane Ouattara , paragraph 4 ) )
By Loucoumane Coulibaly
ABIDJAN A court in the Ivory Coast acquitted former First Lady Simone Gbagbo of crimes against humanity and war crimes charges linked to her role in a 2011 civil war that killed about 3,000 people , state television announced on Tuesday .
The trial , the West African nation 's first for crimes against humanity , was held in an Ivorian court after the government rejected her extradition to the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) in The Hague .
Gbagbo , who has often been absent from the trial on complaints of poor health , was not present for the verdict .
Her husband , ex-president Laurent Gbagbo , is standing trial before the ICC on similar charges connected to the brief conflict , which was triggered by his refusal to accept defeat to Alassane Ouattara in a 2010 presidential run-off election .
`` We are happy . Since the start of the trial we proclaimed her innocence . The prosecution 's case against her was empty , '' her lawyer Mathurin Dirabou told Reuters after the verdict was announced .
But Human Rights Watch said the judgement left `` unanswered serious questions about her alleged role in brutal crimes . ''
`` The acquittal ... reflects the many irregularities in the process against her , '' Param-Preet Singh , Associate Director in Human Rights Watch 's International Justice program , said .
`` The poor quality of the investigation and weak evidence presented in her trial underscore the importance of the ICC 's outstanding case against her for similar crimes . ''
Simone Gbagbo had already been tried and convicted in March 2015 of offences against the state and sentenced to 20 years in prison , a jail term that was upheld on appeal this month .
Prosecutors in her war crimes trial alleged she was part of a small group of party officials from Gbagbo 's Ivorian Popular Front ( FPI ) which planned violence against supporters of Ouattara , who is now president , to stop him taking power .
`` We regret this decision when we think of the many victims , '' Soungalo Coulibaly , lawyer for the victims , told Reuters by telephone .
`` If Simone Gbagbo is declared not guilty of these acts then who was ? ... The victims do not understand this decision . ''
( Reporting by Loucoumane Coulibaly ; Writing by Joe Bavier ; Editing by Tim Cocks and James Dalgleish )
BERNE FC Basel predictably won the Swiss Super League for the eighth time in a row on Friday , cantering home with six games to spare after a 2-1 win at FC Lucerne .
Ivorian forward Seydou Doumbia gave Basel the lead in the third minute , finishing off an exchange of passes which sliced apart the home defence , and Renato Steffen ensured the three points in style with a long-range effort .
Marco Schneuwly scored Lucerne 's consolation goal .
Basel , who led from the first game of the season when they beat Sion 3-0 , will qualify directly for next year 's Champions League group stage .
The title was never in any real doubt after Basel won their first nine games , opening up a 13-point lead at the top . Friday 's win left then 24 points clear of Young Boys .
Despite the win , Basel had already decided not to renew the contract of coach Urs Fischer who has been in charge for two seasons . He will be replaced by Raphael Wicky , currently coach of the under-19 team , next term .
( Writing by Brian Homewood ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
Norway 's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO , June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent , the Norwegian Home Builders ' Association ( NHBA ) said on Thursday .
FRANKFURT One of the Federal Reserve 's most consistent supporters of low interest rates on Wednesday said he is with the majority of his colleagues in supporting further rate hikes this year , given progress on the U.S. central bank 's goals of full employment and stable inflation .
A drop in the U.S. jobless rate to 4.7 percent , near what many economists see as full employment , and an improved outlook for inflation help explain `` why my current dual mandate outlook allows me to support another one or two increases this year , '' Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said in remarks prepared for delivery at the DZ Bank-OMFIF International Capital Markets Conference in Frankfurt .
`` For the first time in quite a while , I see more notable upside risks to growth , '' he said .
Evans voted along with all but one of his colleagues earlier this month to raise the Fed 's short-term borrowing rate target a quarter of a percentage point , marking only the third increase since the Great Recession .
Most Fed officials see at least two more rate hikes in the cards for this year .
For many years Evans argued vigorously for holding off on rate increases in part because he believed that with rates as low as they were the Fed had little scope to ease policy should the economy falter .
But with a stronger economy and expectations now in place for further rate hikes , the Fed has more ammunition than it did , he said . If the economy is hit by a shock , the Fed may not even need to cut rates , but could simply signal easier policy by forecasting slower rate hikes , he said .
Evans said he expects recent weakness in consumer spending to prove transitory and sees signs that business spending , which has lagged for much of the recovery , is beginning to pick up . And while fiscal policies under President Donald Trump remain uncertain , `` the general thinking is that such policies could boost growth for a time . ''
If growth does pick up and inflation expectations do as well , `` a sturdier economy would be able to handle a steeper path of rate increases , '' he said . But even inflation of 2.5 percent `` for a time '' would be consistent with the Fed 's 2 percent goal , he said .
It is unlikely , Evans said , that any policies could lift growth sustainably to the 3 percent to 4 percent rate that Trump 's economic team has said is its goal .
( Reporting by Balazs Koranyi ; Writing by Ann Saphir ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Mar 18 , 2017 ; Orlando , FL , USA ; Adam Hadwin watches his drive on the first hole during the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament at Bay Hill Club & Lodge . Reinhold Matay-USA TODAY Sports
Adam Hadwin had an inkling his red-hot start to the year would lead to his first Masters invite , which is why the recently-married Canadian purchased refundable airline tickets for the honeymoon .
Hadwin , who shot only the ninth sub-60 round in PGA Tour history earlier this year , won the his first PGA Tour tournament a little over two weeks ago to earn his Masters invite and got married last Friday .
`` I 'm still figuring out what 's going on , still a little bit lost , '' Hadwin told a conference call on Thursday . `` Certainly all very good things happening . Lots of great things in life right now but certainly it 's been quite a whirlwind this last month .
Hadwin was ranked 200th in the world after the first event of the season and planned on missing only an alternate-field event for his wedding , figuring he 'd have no shot at the WGC-Dell Match Play , which takes the world 's top 64 players .
But Hadwin 's maiden PGA Tour victory vaulted him to 51st in the world rankings and has given him plenty of confidence for his first trip to Augusta National for the April 6-9 Masters .
The 29-year-old Canadian , who said his first recollection of the Masters was Tiger Woods 's 12-stroke victory in 1997 , is not worried about losing his focus as he competes on one of the most renowned golf courses for the first time .
`` Obviously there are guys who have been there many , many years and know what to expect and know how things are done there , but I 've gone to lots of golf courses that I have n't played before and I have played well , '' said Hadwin .
`` I am playing really well this year . I 've had some success against some great fields and so it 's just a matter of preparing the best I can and seeing where my game stacks up that week against the best players . ''
Hadwin has received plenty of advice from players who have competed at Augusta National before and was mostly told to treat it like any other tournament and fit his game to the course .
He has already been in touch with 2003 Masters champion and compatriot Mike Weir , who will play a practice round at Augusta National with him on Tuesday .
`` I have n't started picking Mike 's brain yet . I want to save it a little bit . I do n't want to wear him out before we actually play , '' said Hadwin . `` I 'm sure that I will pick up a bunch of stuff come Tuesday . ''
( Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto ; editing by Clare Lovell )
April 28 Conwert Immobilien Invest SE :
* Vonovia submits request to squeeze-out minority shareholders
* Further details on amount of adequate cash compensation will be published separately once required valuation has been finalised
* Vonovia , in total , holds 94,867,722 shares in conwert ; this corresponds to a participation of 93.09 % of conwert 's share capital Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
March 31 Everton manager Ronald Koeman believes his team have no reason to fear facing Liverpool as the Merseyside rivals prepare to meet at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday .
Everton , thumped 4-0 by Liverpool at Anfield last season and beaten 1-0 by their neighbours at Goodison Park in December , have failed to win at their bitter rivals since 1999 .
`` I do n't know why . I heard in the last two seasons they were too afraid to play against Liverpool . Why you need to be afraid , I do n't understand that , '' Koeman told reporters on Friday .
Koeman was also critical of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill 's handling of James McCarthy after the midfielder aggravated a hamstring injury while on international duty this month .
`` The assessment of the Ireland medical team would be that it would be high risk for James to play . When asked to play he said he felt he was fit , '' Koeman added .
`` In my opinion the Ireland manager in this instance was not protecting the player . I spoke to James , he needs to take responsibility ... It is not the first time . ''
Merseyside derbies are often feisty clashes but Koeman called for cool heads this time .
`` The players by themselves need to control and focus on the game plan . Do not make stupid fouls and control your reactions . That 's up to the player , '' the Dutchman said .
Everton will be without France midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin , Argentine defender Ramiro Funes Mori and Ireland right back Seamus Coleman after the trio suffered injuries on international duty . ( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru , editing by Ed Osmond )
LOUISVILLE , Ky. — Louisville has placed associate men 's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport .
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett , who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino 's replacement . Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe .
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich , who 's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees . Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while co-operating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson `` an appropriate step at this time . ''
Johnson is in his fourth season with Louisville ; it 's Fair 's second season on the staff .
Ten people have been arrested in the federal probe of the sport , including four college assistant coaches at different schools and an Adidas executive .
Pitino , 65 , is not named in the federal documents and has maintained that he did nothing wrong . His attorney , Steve Pence , has said Louisville `` effectively fired '' Pitino when they placed him on administrative leave on Sept. 27 . The school 's Athletics Association on Monday authorized interim university President Greg Postel to begin the process of firing Pitino for cause after 16 seasons as Cardinals coach .
Postel 's letter to the Hall of Fame coach on Wednesday said the action arises out of his conduct over a period of years and noted his involvement in two recent scandals involving the program — including the current federal investigation .
The NCAA in June placed Louisville on four years ' probation and has ordered the vacation of up to 123 victories — including its 2013 national championship — as a result of a sex scandal . The school and Pitino , who was suspended for five games , are appealing those sanctions .
___
For more AP college basketball coverage : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Indiana prosecutor seeks to stop attorney from going public
GOSHEN , Ind . ( AP ) — A northern Indiana prosecutor has asked a judge to prevent an opposing attorney from making comments to the media about a man who alleges he was coerced into a false murder confession .
Elkhart County prosecutor Vicki Becker told the judge Monday that attorney Elliot Slosar improperly released information and spoke to the media about Andrew Royer 's case , the South Bend Tribune reported . Royer , who is mentally disabled , was convicted in 2005 for the slaying of a 94-year-old woman .
Royer , 43 , filed an appeal June 13 alleging he was wrongfully convicted because of shoddy police work , false witness statements , poor performance by his trial attorney and failures by police and prosecutors to turn over evidence favorable to him . Slosar spoke to the media the same day , discussing the county 's `` epidemic '' of wrongful convictions and police misconduct .
Becker said Slosar 's comments violated Indiana 's rules for attorneys , which prohibit specific comments that could risk unfairly swaying a trial or judicial hearing .
But Slosar said Becker is trying to stifle Royer 's constitutional right to counsel and Slosar 's right to speak for his client .
Becker initially filed a motion June 25 asking Elkhart Superior Court Judge Teresa Cataldo to give an injunction against `` further extrajudicial statements '' by Slosar . The prosecutor clarified on Monday that she was `` not seeking a formal injunction '' but rather asking Cataldo to exercise her authority to control publicity by both sides .
Cataldo is expected to decide on Becker 's request in the coming weeks .
___
Information from : South Bend Tribune , http : //www.southbendtribune.com
Danish PM : Trump has `` unilateral focus '' on defense spending
Photo : Chris Jackson , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 President Donald Trump looks at members of the audience during his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day . less President Donald Trump looks at members of the audience during his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , ... more Photo : Chris Jackson , AP Danish PM : Trump has `` unilateral focus '' on defense spending 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
COPENHAGEN , Denmark ( AP ) — Denmark 's prime minister said Wednesday a letter from President Donald Trump accusing NATO allies of not spending enough on defense focused too much on figures but not on what countries have done .
Lars Loekke Rasmussen said Trump demonstrated `` a unilateral focus on military spending as a percentage of the gross domestic product on defense . '' He added : `` We can be proud of our contribution to the common security and Denmark will stand tall at the NATO summit next week . ''
He was referring to a letter Trump sent ahead of a July 11-12 summit to several NATO allies in Europe and Canada demanding they boost their defense spending .
Trump wrote that `` the United States is increasingly unwilling to ignore the European failure to meet shared security commitments . ''
After Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in 2014 , NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defense budgets and start moving toward a goal of devoting 2 percent of GDP to defense within a decade .
`` We recognize that Denmark is taking action to increase defense spending , '' Trump wrote in the letter , dated June 19 , to Denmark 's prime minister . `` Still there is no explanation as to why the United States continues to devote more resources to the defense of Europe when the continent 's economies , including Denmark 's , are doing well . There is a growing frustration that some Allies have not stepped up as promised . ''
Loekke Ramussen said : `` Denmark takes a large responsibility in relation to international matters and in relation to NATO in particular . Measured in military expenses per inhabitant , Denmark occupies a 5th place . ''
Other European NATO allies , including Norway and Germany , on Tuesday also pushed back against U.S. criticism .
The upcoming NATO summit is the first major meeting since the fractious Group of Seven talks in Canada last month . NATO officials are concerned that trans-Atlantic divisions over trade tariffs , as well as the U.S. pullout from the Paris global climate agreement and the Iran nuclear deal , could undermine alliance unity .
April 12 Statistics for Sunday 's Bahrain Formula One Grand Prix at the Sakhir circuit ( Round three of 20 races ) :
- - - -
Lap distance : 5.412km . Total distance : 308.484km ( 57 laps )
Race lap record : One minute 31.447 seconds , Pedro de la Rosa ( Spain ) , McLaren , 2005 .
2016 pole : Lewis Hamilton ( Britain ) Mercedes 1:29.493
2016 winner : Nico Rosberg ( Germany ) Mercedes
Start time : 1500GMT ( 1800 local )
WINS
Sebastian Vettel 's victory for Ferrari in the Australian season-opener was the Italian team 's first since 2015 . Hamilton 's win in China was his fifth at that circuit .
Champions Mercedes have won 52 of 61 races since the introduction of the 1.6 litre V6 turbo hybrid power units in 2014 .
Red Bull , with Australian Daniel Ricciardo and Dutch teenager Max Verstappen , were the only non-Mercedes winners last season .
Triple world champion Hamilton has 54 career victories , putting him second in the all-time list behind Michael Schumacher ( 91 ) . Vettel has 43 , McLaren 's Fernando Alonso is on 32 and Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen 20 .
Ferrari have won 225 races , McLaren 182 , Williams 114 , Mercedes 65 and Red Bull 52 . McLaren and Williams have not won a race since 2012 .
POLE POSITION
Hamilton now has 63 career poles after taking the top slot in China . He is two short of the late Ayrton Senna 's career total and five behind Schumacher 's record 68 .
Mercedes have been on pole in 58 of the last 61 races .
Hamilton has been on pole for the last six races . Only four drivers , including Hamilton , have previously racked up seven successive poles . Senna holds the record of eight ( 1988/89 ) .
PODIUM
Hamilton 's victory in Shanghai was his 106th podium finish , equalling Alain Prost in second place on the all-time lists . Schumacher has a record 155 .
China was the first time Hamilton , Vettel and Verstappen have shared a podium .
POINTS
Force India 's Mexican Sergio Perez has finished the last 12 races in the points , the longest current run among those on the grid .
Renault , Sauber and McLaren have yet to score in 2017 .
BAHRAIN
Hamilton , Vettel and Williams ' Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa have all won twice in Bahrain . Alonso has won three times ( 2005 , 2006 , 2010 ) .
This year 's race is the 13th edition . The grand prix was first held in 2004 and not run in 2011 due to civil unrest . It switched to a floodlit event in 2014 .
The driver on pole in Bahrain has been the winner in five of the 12 races to date . It has never been won by anyone starting below the front two rows .
Eleven out of 12 winners have been from the team that ended up winning the constructors ' title that season . The exception was Alonso for Ferrari in 2010 .
MILESTONE
Mercedes made their 150th start as a constructor in China , after chalking up their 75th pole position .
China was Red Bull 's 100th race with at least one podium finish . ( Reporting by Alan Baldwin ; Editing by John O'Brien )
New Zealand Story Group have created a selection of New Zealand stories , which underpin the values of Kaitiaki , Ingenuity , and Integrity , to share with the world . ”
“ New Zealand already has a well-deserved reputation for outstanding natural beauty but that 's only a small part of the story . Our nation is filled with artists , businesspeople , entrepreneurs , inventors and innovators whose stories are just as awe inspiring as our landscapes , ” as outlined by NZ Story Group .
“ These are New Zealand 's inside stories . Tales that can only be told by our people and the people that interact with us . To get a realistic picture of this country 's contribution to the world , we knew we 'd have to look far and wide . ”
“ But we need your help . You can become a New Zealand storyteller by sharing our story with the world to help tell the world what New Zealand has to offer , ” they write on their website .
“ From our talented people and unique way of thinking , to our world-class food and beverages and care for people and place , the Global film celebrates New Zealand 's unique contribution to the world . ”
The Ingenuity film showcases the “ unique way New Zealanders think and problem solve . ”
“ From launching rockets in New Zealand , to solving huge global healthcare problems and producing some of the best content and visual effects on the planet , New Zealanders innovate . ”
The third film – Food & Beverage – “ features interviews with local and global chefs , food and wine producers , and food entrepreneurs all talking about the unique attributes that sets New Zealand 's food apart . ”
“ From the highest omega lamb in the world , to amazing seafood like cloudy bay clams and green-lipped mussels , combined with world-leading wines , New Zealand produces and exports food and beverages to all corners of the planet ! ”
Article Source : New Zealand Story Group , June 2018
Image Source : Youtube
April 20 Top choice Medical Investment Co Inc :
* Says it adjusted div payment plan for FY 2016 , and decided to pay cash div 1.2 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* Says in the previous plan , the co planed to pay no div for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/gH4COC
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
To comply with the UK 's data protection act , LKM Recycling offers proper waste management and disposal of confidential documents . The company extends this service to businesses and the educational sector across the country .
[ 4/24/2018 , SITTINGBOURNE ] LKM Recycling , a waste management specialist , offers proper disposal and shredding services of confidential papers for businesses and the education sector . The company stays true to its zero waste commitment throughout their operations .
Secure Disposal Process for Confidential Documents
According to the Data Protection Act 1998 , businesses have a legal responsibility to segregate their confidential waste from other waste products to prevent unwarranted disclosure of sensitive information .
LKM Recycling , a leading waste management company in the UK , offers shredding services to businesses that have confidential waste paper like old medical records , obsolete legal and financial documents and personal data of former employees .
The company also extends their services to the education sector , given that the UK 's data protection act also includes educational records .
Environmentally Friendly Disposal Process
As an environmentally friendly alternative to sending waste to a landfill , LKM Recycling provides highly secure collection , shredding and recycling processes . The company has a secure facility that houses high-tech equipment to guarantee safe and secure disposal .
Throughout their operations , LKM Recycling stays true to their zero waste commitment . The company also improves its waste management strategies that reduce the carbon footprint .
The company turns each waste stream sent to them into valuable , recyclable material . They also dedicate themselves to educating their clients about proper waste management and disposal to reduce the environmental impact of using landfills .
About LKM Recycling
With over 35 years of experience in waste management and recycling , LKM Recycling has gained a vast knowledge of proper waste management practices that help businesses become greener , cleaner and more efficient . Having their own fleet of multi-functional vehicles , the company provides punctual and cost-effective solutions in the UK . Apart from confidential waste paper disposal , LKM Recycling also handles cardboard , plastic , metals and scrap car collection .
To learn more about the company and their waste management services , visit www.lkm.org.uk .
April 10 El Pollo Loco Holdings Inc
* El Pollo Loco announces new development incentives
* El Pollo Loco Holdings - program applies to new and existing franchisees with multi-unit development agreements in markets outside California , Nevada
* El Pollo Loco-qualified franchisees with multi-unit development agreements in new markets through March 31 , 2018 may be eligible for financial incentives
* Financial incentives include reduced initial franchise fee of $ 30,000 for first restaurant
* Financial incentives also include further reduced initial franchise fee of $ 20,000 for each subsequent restaurant
* Financial incentives include reduced royalty fees for first 3 years Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Pharmaceutical pricing expert speaks to SMI Group in the run-up to her featured address on RCT constraints at Pharmaceutical and Market Access 2017
An Interview with Anita Burrell
Contact
SMi Group
* * * @ smi-online.co.uk SMi Group
End
-- SMi Group are thrilled to release an interview Anita Burrell ahead of her presentation on the constraints of RCT 's at the 23rd annual industry summit onthis Autumn.With significant breadth of experience in establishing value evidence across the top 10 therapeutic areas and former senior roles in commercial operational effectiveness at Sanofi-Aventis , Anita is a market access pioneer renowned for promoting multi-functional interaction and consistently delivering products to launch in advance of schedule.Focusing on collaboration , the presentation will offer attendees with guidance into overcoming challenges presented by RCT constraints.Understanding the major decision points during development will be a key focus , as will hearing about putting commercial and market access issues into clinical development decision making . A selection of examples in what are others are doing to really impact the development process beyond patient centricity , will be just some of the highlights in her talk.In the run up to the event , SMi Group caught up with Anita to discuss the promises and challenges of Real World Data ( RWD ) and current industry developments.From the answers provided , it is apparent that RWD remains the bread and butter of health economists to interweave the promise of clinical effect into a potential impact on the real world when speaking to payers . `` The difference now is that we are willing to use RWE to inform clinical studies in a way that was not embraced before . We can use these observations to understand potential differences in outcomes and enhance the likelihood of success . Similarly , we have moved away from a simple signal of safety in post marketing to explore relative effectiveness and these are true advances . The challenge is the flipside of the coin since the data we are looking at is by nature likely to be confounded . Even worse we know that the way the healthcare system incentivises providers may have affected coding and of course coding is not outcomes . There are ways to account from these downsides but it is always worth considering the potential challenges before embarking on data collection in any sense . `` The full interview is available to read in the event download centre at http : //www.smi- online.co.uk/ goto/2017europricing.asp # tab_ ... SMi 's 23rd annual conference on Pharmaceutical Pricing & Market Access will take place on 11th & 12th October at the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum in London , UK.Further details are available online at https : //www.smi- online.co.uk/ pharmaceuticals/ uk/Pharmacue ... The notable speaker line-up will also include senior representatives from Allergan , Mylan , Lundbeck Denmark , LEO Pharma A/S , Teva , Grifols , Shire , Sanofi , Hemofarm , Norwegian Medicines Agency , AstraZeneca. -- - END -- -Contact Information : For media enquiries contact Teri Arri on Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 7827 6162 / Email : tarri @ smi-online.co.ukFor all other enquires contact the team on Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 20 7827 6000 or email events @ smi-online.co.ukAbout SMi Group : Established since 1993 , the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences , Workshops , Masterclasses and online Communities . We create and deliver events in the Defence , Security , Energy , Utilities , Finance and Pharmaceutical industries . We pride ourselves on having access to the world 's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries , allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn , Engage , Share and Network . More information can be found at http : //www.smi-online.co.uk
Harrison Ford was involved in a `` potentially serious '' incident while piloting his private plane on Monday which is now being investigated , according to a US report .
According to NBC Nightly News , the 74-year-old actor had been instructed to land on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County , California , but mistakenly aimed for a taxiway instead .
His plane , a single engine Husky , passed over the top of an American Airlines Boeng 737 with 110 passengers and a six-person crew on board .
According to NBC , the Star Wars actor was heard on air traffic control recordings asking : `` Was that airliner meant to be underneath me ? ''
The air traffic controllers then informed him that he had landed on a taxiway rather than the runway , which is in violation of Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) safety rules .
The incident has prompted an FAA investigation which could result in anything from a warning to Ford losing his pilot 's licence .
Ford , who is a vintage plane collector , has been involved in a series of crashes over the years . In 2015 , the Indiana Jones star crash-landed a World War II-era airplane after the engine failed .
The plane crashed into a golf course in Santa Monica and Ford suffered head injuries and a broken arm .
Harrison 's representative has not yet commented on the new report .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
It 's become the template for our lives , something to revel in or rebel against , a solid base from which to compare then versus now .
And believe me , the losers were not the ones we thought .
But let 's not pull any punches : Middle school in the '70s was a Darwinian killing field , where bullies roamed with impunity and chants of `` Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! '' were the order of the day , no matter how desperately one pounded on locked school doors for teacher assistance .
Ah , the teachers — never have such dysfunctional power-mongers exerted such totalitarian control over such a captive population as they did between 1972 and 1975 in my north Toronto junior high .
These were the halcyon days before political correctness , before educators were held accountable for their behaviour , so when they locked us out at lunch hour in the frigid cold , we had no recourse but to stand there and freeze .
When they bonked us on the head with volleyballs for talking in gym class , the word `` assault '' was n't part of our lexicon .
When Madame Racine — may she rest in peace — shouted `` DETENTION ! '' every time I twitched an eyebrow during Grade 9 French , no one summoned the board psychologist to assess the emotional damage of such controlling manipulation .
And what the hell was going on with Mr. Russell ?
During a Grade 8 bus trip , my malevolent math teacher ordered the driver to pull over when a group of obnoxious students refused to take their seats and taught them a valuable life lesson by kicking them off in the middle of nowhere .
Was he fired ? Are you kidding ? He probably got a teaching citation .
And while I view this situation differently today as a parent of young children , at that time , on that bus , I knew those brats got what they deserved .
Bravo , Mr. Russell . So long , suckers .
Physically , the building looks the same : The semicircular typing lab where , every Tuesday and Thursday , I downed eight packs of SweeTarts while Mr. Rawlings droned on about the letter ' Q ' ; the rustic music room that inspired strangled notes on my cello ; the tunnellike foyer , where I cowered during school dances , too socially inept to navigate the nuances of an Olivia Newton John shlock ballad .
So who turned up for this exercise in wish-fulfilment time travel ?
• The popular kids , of course , bored with their lives as event planners and institutional bootlickers , eager to reassert their social dominance and turn the clock back , if only for a moment .
Having relinquished their power during the first Trudeau administration , they seem less standoffish than bittersweet .
• The obnoxious blowhards , uncomfortable in their adult skins , still trying to impress with pitiful attempts at bravado .
Hey , you idiots — your parents are in their 80s . Your hair is falling out . Time to grow up .
• The perennial victims , who spent the past 45 years dreaming of the day they would return to exact sweet revenge for the wrongs inflicted — the intemperate humiliations — seeking justice and redemption in equal measures .
Good luck with that , I say , and clear a path to the buffet table .
And , finally , me , the human microbe — neither popular nor unpopular , like wallpaper — curious to see what became of the people who once formed the constellations of my life , to embrace the spectacle of buoyant 15-year-old world-beaters magically transformed , like me , into beleaguered 57-year-old greybeards .
All of which was a far cry from my last reunion .
When I returned to my Group of Seven high school for its 25th anniversary in 1995 , I remember feeling choked up , like a part of my life spiked with resonant emotional power had been casually reignited .
But I was single then , unhappy at work , grasping for connection .
A quarter century later I 'm married with two young sons who regard me fondly as joker-in-chief . I 'm content .
And yet there 's that lure , that push to go back and re-examine the past , to figure out how `` that '' led to `` this , '' how a tiny DNA pool of `` Bergs '' and `` Steins '' and `` Shapiros '' created a unique being such as I .
Junior high , in the end , is a Rorschach inkblot for the rest of your life .
How you relate to your past dictates how you deal with the present and how happy you will be in future .
So when my high school turns 50 two years from now , I 'll be there again , watching the same cliques huddle together , still aloof , knowing that they , like me , are revisiting some pivotal part of themselves that got left behind .
In the spirit of communion , I 'll cast a friendly look , curious if the old hierarchy is still intact .
And when they cagily avert my gaze , I will sigh happily and head home , secure that the world in unfolding exactly as it should .
Joel Rubinoff is at home , preparing a list of grievances for his high school reunion in 2020 . Email him at jrubinoff @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ JoelRubinoff
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson have made their romance Instagram official .
The 'No Tears Left To Cry ' hitmaker and the 24-year-old actor have been rumoured to be dating since last week , and the pair have now taken to social media to seemingly confirm their romance after Pete posted a picture of the new couple dressed in matching 'Harry Potter ' robes .
Ariana , also 24 , was seen wearing Slytherin robes in the picture whilst Pete wore Gryffindor ones , in an Instagram post which was captioned : `` the chamber of secrets has been opened ... ( sic ) ''
The 'Dangerous Woman ' singer then commented on the post with a cheesy 'Harry Potter ' pun , and joked she would delete her account .
She replied : `` u tryna slytherin ( I 'm deleting my account now ) . ( sic ) ''
Ariana 's new romance comes just weeks after she ended her two-year relationship with rapper Mac Miller , before dubbing their time together as `` toxic '' .
Hitting back at a fan who suggested she should 've stayed with Mac , Ariana wrote on social media : `` How absurd that you minimize female self-respect and self-worth by saying someone should stay in a toxic relationship because he wrote an album about them , which btw [ by the way ] is n't the case ( just Cinderella is ab [ about ] me ) . I am not a babysitter or a mother and no woman should feel that they need to be . I have cared for him and tried to support his sobriety & prayed for his balance for years ( and always will of course ) but shaming/blaming women for a man 's inability to keep his s * * t together is a very major problem . Let 's please stop doing that . of course I did n't share about how hard or scary it was while it was happening but it was . I will continue to pray from the bottom of my heart that he figures it all out and that any other woman in this position does as well ( sic ) ''
UPDATE 1-Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , despite surprising election losses for London 's governing Conservatives .
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman , the spiritual leader of Israel 's non-Hassidic ultra-Orthodox Jews of European descent , has died . He was 104 .
Shteinman died on Tuesday from a heart attack after falling ill weeks ago .
Shteinman was one of Israel 's most influential rabbis and a political kingmaker whose orders were strictly followed by his representatives in parliament .
Following the 2012 death of his predecessor , Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv , he was widely regarded as `` Gadol Hador , '' or `` leader of the generation . '' Hundreds of thousands are expected to attend his funeral in the central Israeli ultra-Orthodox city of Bnei Brak .
Advertisement
Shteinman was known for his rabbinic scholarship , relatively pragmatic rulings and extremely modest lifestyle .
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin called him a leader who `` carried on his shoulders the existential weight of the Jewish people . ''
In decrying his failed nomination of Conservative MP Rachel Harder than Chair of the Status of Women Committee , Conservative Party leader Andrew Scheer is confusing freedom of expression with the basic qualifications required for any MP holding such a Parliamentary position . In the process he has revealed his disregard for the Committee and women 's rights .
Canadian law recognizes that human life begins at birth . In its 1988 decision in R v. Morgentaler , the Supreme Court of Canada struck down Criminal Code restrictions on access to abortion because they violated women 's rights to life , liberty and security of the person under section 7 of the Charter . Since that time , an increasing number of Canadians have come to view abortion as matter for a woman herself to decide . Indeed , the PEI government recently acknowledged that the lack of abortion services on the Island was sex discriminatory and had to be addressed .
In contrast to the majority of Canadians , Scheer believes that life begins at conception and that any attempt to end such life is wrong . Mr. Scheer is entitled to voice his opinion but when he and other anti-choice parliamentarians argue that their religious beliefs or moral values should dictate whether or not all women in Canada have access to abortion , that 's a problem .
Granting legal status to the fetus or recriminalizing abortion services would violate the freedom of conscience rights of those who do not share Scheer and Harder 's religious beliefs or moral values . More significantly , however , the Criminal Code changes demanded by Harder and other anti-abortion MPs , would violate the life , liberty , security of the person of all women in Canada .
Sheer , Harder , and anti-choice organizations like Campaign Life are free to express their views around abortion , including in Parliament and before Parliamentary Committees . Nevertheless , as the Liberal and NDP members of the Committee pointed out in appointing Conservative MP Karen Vecchio instead , Harder 's views on women 's reproductive autonomy and choice provide a clear indication that Harder lacks the basic qualifications necessary to be a member , let alone the Chair , of the Status of Women Committee .
Canadians reasonably expect the Chair of the Access to Information Committee to believe that access to government information is important ; the Chair of the Justice and Human Rights Committee to support human rights and the rule of law ; and the Chair of the Environment Committee to believe in sustainable development and the risks of climate change . It is for this reason that former Conservative Party leader Rona Ambrose 's decision to remove Senator Lynn Beyak from the Senate 's Aboriginal Peoples Committee was universally applauded . Senator Beyak does indeed have the freedom to try to defend residential schools . But in doing so , she revealed that she was unqualified to sit on the Senate Committee engaged in the challenging task of transforming relationships with Indigenous Peoples in Canada based on recognition , rights and respect .
Likewise , a substantive understanding of , and wholehearted support for the freedom of conscience , security of the person , and equality rights of all women in Canada — starting with their reproductive rights — are a minimum qualification for the Chair of the Status of Women Committee .
Whether or not Harder was appointed Chair of the Committee was not freedom of expression issue . And , contrary to what Scheer would have Canadians believe , rejecting Harder 's nomination is not an attempt to suppress freedom of expression . The role of the Status of Women Committee — and indeed the constitutional obligation of Parliament and the Government of Canada as a whole — is to protect and promote the equality rights of all women and girls in Canada not just the rights of those who share Scheer and Harder 's religious beliefs .
Denying access to a health care service that only women require is clear sex discrimination . The failure to grasp this fact showed not only that Harder was unqualified to chair the Status of Women Committee , but that Scheer did n't care .
Professor Martha Jackman is a member of the Centre for Health Law Policy & Ethics at the University of Ottawa and the Co-Chair of the National Association of Women and the Law .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Norwalk schools seek input on 2019-20 calendar
NORWALK — Spring break in February ?
That 's one suggestion some parents are making for the 2019-20 school calendar , as Norwalk Public Schools solicits feedback from the community before the calendar is finalized in May .
The timing of the breaks in the second half of the school year is one theme that has drawn a variety of opinions in comments the district has received via email or through its Facebook page , according to district spokeswoman Brenda Wilcox-Williams .
“ Some like the traditional April break and the shorter February one that the district moved to several years ago , while others would like to see a full week in February , ” she said . “ A couple of people asked about a later start in August , closer to Labor Day and a later finish in June . ”
The Board of Education will vote on the calendar its at its meeting May 1 , in keeping with the district 's practice of publishing school calendars two years in advance .
Under the proposed version of the school calendar , which was presented at the Board of Education meeting April 16 , school would start Tuesday , Aug. 27 , and end Wednesday , June 10 , followed by a professional day on June 11 . Students would have a long weekend in February for Presidents Day recess , from Feb. 14 to 18 , and spring break from April 10 to 17 .
This allows students to get as many instructional days as possible into the earlier part of the year , when students are most ready to learn , as well as more time to prepare for the Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium exam , Wilcox-Williams said .
She said a buffer in June for snow days is also a secondary benefit .
“ It 's definitely more productive instructional time earlier in the year , from October through February and March , ” Wilcox-Williams said .
Parents are also concerned about the gaps between school and the availability of summer camps and programs , Wilcox-Williams said , as that can be a challenge for working families . Not enough time off in between school days is also a challenge , since the district needs time to get buildings cleaned , maintenance done and classrooms prepped .
Having an open discussion on such topics related to the school calendar is necessary because state schools are no longer required to follow a uniform regional calendar , Board of Education Chairman Mike Barbis said .
“ If they feel strongly , or compelling arguments are made , we 're going to listen and we 're going to respond because we want to have a calendar that works for as many as our stakeholders , ” Barbis said . “ And that means for our staff , teachers and parents . Everybody . ”
The proposed calendar can be viewed online at norwalkps.org . Suggestions and comments regarding the calendar can be emailed to communications @ norwalkps.org .
skim @ hearstmediact.com ; 203-842-2568 ; @ stephaniehnkim
Stanton , Hicks , Higashioka homer as Yankees beat Braves 8-5
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 New York Yankees ' Aaron Judge hits a single during the sixth inning of the team 's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . New York Yankees ' Aaron Judge hits a single during the sixth inning of the team 's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 2 of 10 Atlanta Braves shortstop Dansby Swanson throws out New York Yankees ' Brett Gardner during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Atlanta Braves shortstop Dansby Swanson throws out New York Yankees ' Brett Gardner during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 3 of 10 New York Yankees relief pitcher Domingo German watches a ball hit by Atlanta Braves ' Ozzie Albies , right , for a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . New York Yankees relief pitcher Domingo German watches a ball hit by Atlanta Braves ' Ozzie Albies , right , for a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 4 of 10 New York Yankees ' Brett Gardner , left , slides past Atlanta Braves relief pitcher Luke Jackson to score on a wild pitch by Jackson during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . New York Yankees ' Brett Gardner , left , slides past Atlanta Braves relief pitcher Luke Jackson to score on a wild pitch by Jackson during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Atlanta Braves ' Luke Jackson delivers a pitch during the third inning against the New York Yankees in a baseball gameTuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Atlanta Braves ' Luke Jackson delivers a pitch during the third inning against the New York Yankees in a baseball gameTuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 7 of 10 New York Yankees ' Aaron Judge , left , heads to home plate after Brandon Drury was walked with the bases loaded during the third inning of the team 's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . less New York Yankees ' Aaron Judge , left , heads to home plate after Brandon Drury was walked with the bases loaded during the third inning of the team 's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday , July 3 , ... more Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 8 of 10 New York Yankees ' Aaron Hicks , left , celebrates with Giancarlo Stanton near Atlanta Braves catcher Tyler Flowers after Hicks hit a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . less New York Yankees ' Aaron Hicks , left , celebrates with Giancarlo Stanton near Atlanta Braves catcher Tyler Flowers after Hicks hit a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , ... more Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 9 of 10 Atlanta Braves right fielder Nick Markakis watches a two-run home run by New York Yankees ' Aaron Hicks during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Atlanta Braves right fielder Nick Markakis watches a two-run home run by New York Yankees ' Aaron Hicks during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . Photo : Frank Franklin II , AP Image 10 of 10 Stanton , Hicks , Higashioka homer as Yankees beat Braves 8-5 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Yankees slugger Giancarlo Stanton gave New York a scare with an awkward fall in right field . An inning later , he showed everyone in the Bronx that he was just fine .
Stanton , Aaron Hicks and Kyle Higashioka each homered and New York went ahead early and hung on to beat the Atlanta Braves 8-5 on Tuesday night .
Stanton was shaken up after crashing into the right field wall chasing after Nick Markakis ' seventh-inning home run . He knocked padding off the base of the wall , and the team 's training staff ran out to check on New York 's prized offseason acquisition a pitch later . Stanton remained in the game , made a leaping catch later in the inning , then slugged his 20th home run of the season in the eighth .
`` That 's par for the course , that 's baseball , '' Stanton said . `` If you get subbed in , you usually get the ball the first time , so , something like that happens , expect it . ''
Stanton 's homer gave New York some breathing room after the Braves crept on its early lead . His two-run shot off Evan Phillips made him the 11th player to reach 20 homers in each of his first nine major league seasons . Phillips was making his major league debut .
New York is a major league-best 32-13 at home . The Yankees improved to a majors-best 21-6 against left-handed starters and remain a game behind Boston for the best record in baseball .
Aaron Judge had two hits and a walk , and he stole two bases for the first time in his career . Hicks also walked twice as New York drew eight free passes .
Markakis and Ender Inciarte each hit two-run homers for Atlanta , which ended a four-game winning streak . The Braves remain atop the NL East but fell behind the Brewers for the best record in the NL .
A night after Atlanta rookie Ronald Acuna Jr. barely cleared the wall to give Atlanta an 11-inning victory , the Yankees took advantage of their cozy stadium .
Hicks continued his home run binge by hitting Sean Newcomb 's 95 mph fastball two rows into the right field stands for his 15th of the season and a 2-0 lead in the first . Hicks has hit nine home runs in his last 17 games .
`` He 's put together a really good season for us and right now , he 's at a really , really good place in the batter 's box , '' Boone said .
Newcomb ( 8-3 ) stood on the mound shaking his head after the ball carried over the fence . The left-hander allowed five runs in 2 2/3 innings in the shortest start of his career . Newcomb had posted three straight quality starts but threw a career-high 111 pitches his last time out .
`` Balls kind of get sucked up out there , so that 's frustrating , '' he said .
New York scored twice in the third without a hit . Newcomb walked the bases loaded , then walked Brandon Drury to force in a run . Luke Jackson relieved , but he walked Higashioka for another run . Newcomb 's five walks matched a career high .
`` He was just having a hard time controlling everything , '' Braves manager Brian Snitker said .
Staked with a six-run cushion , Yankees starter Domingo German tired in the fifth . After Johan Camargo walked , Inciarte crushed a curveball into the stands for his sixth of the season .
Rookie Ozzie Albies homered on the next pitch to draw Atlanta within three . Freddie Freeman and Markakis hit consecutive singles to end German 's night . Atlanta hit back-to-back homers for just the third time this season .
A.J . Cole , reinstated off the disabled list earlier in the day , struck out Tyler Flowers with the bases loaded to end the threat . Since being acquired from Washington on April 23 , Cole ( 2-0 ) has allowed one earned run in 14 2/3 innings .
In the eighth , Chasen Shreve relieved with runners on first and second and one out and retired Inciarte and Albies to preserve a one-run lead .
Aroldis Chapman threw a scoreless ninth for his 23rd save . The hard-throwing closer was used in three straight games for the first time this season .
HAILEY 'S HANDS
Eight-year old Hailey Dawson threw out the ceremonial first pitch with her 3D printed hand created by students at UNLV . Dawson was born with Poland Syndrome , a rare birth defect that left the youngster without the three middle fingers on her right hand . She has been on a quest to throw a first pitch for each MLB team .
HOMERING HIGASHIOKA
Higashioka became the third player in franchise history to homer for his first two big league hits , joining Alfonso Soriano ( 1999-2000 ) and Joe Lefebvre ( 1980 ) .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Yankees : INF Gleyber Torres ( right hip stiffness ) was held out of the starting lineup . The sensational rookie `` stiffened up '' Monday night , according to manager Aaron Boone , but entered as a defensive replacement in the eighth . ... RHP Masahiro Tanaka remains scheduled for a rehab start with Triple-A Wilkes-Barre/Scranton on Wednesday . Boone is hopeful Tanaka will throw between 65 and 75 pitches . ... C Austin Romine ( left hamstring ) was held out of the starting lineup for a third straight night
UP NEXT
LHP CC Sabathia ( 5-3 , 3.02 ERA ) pitches the series finale for New York . Sabathia allowed just seven earned runs over five starts in June ( 1.93 ERA ) and is 3-1 in four starts against Atlanta . He 's opposed by Julio Teheran ( 6-5 , 4.21 ERA ) , who gave up eight runs in 4 1/3 innings in his only appearance against New York on Aug , 30 , 2015 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
WASHINGTON It is not realistic to take further steps towards European Union integration at this point and after Britain 's vote to leave the bloc its remaining members must be ready to form 'coalitions of the willing ' , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said .
`` Given the current situation , it is not realistic to think that we can take further steps towards deepening European integration at the moment , '' he said on Thursday on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington .
`` We need to respond to urgent questions in a way that is visibly European , and we need to find European solutions to acute problems , '' he added , `` We need flexible speeds , variable groupings of countries , 'coalitions of the willing ' , whatever you want to call it in a particular situation . ''
( Reporting by Gernot Heller ; Writing by Paul Carrel ; Editing by Madeline Chambers )
A six-year-old boy was separated from his mother at the U.S. border and forced to live with a foster family , who neglected his medical conditions .
After more than 2,300 families were separated due to a policy instituted by President Donald Trump , heartbreaking stories of the ordeal that parents and their children had to endure are coming forward .
One such story involves a child with osteoporosis , whose separation from his mother led to him being incapable of walking . The mother , who remains anonymous due to fears of retaliation from the U.S. government during her immigration proceedings , and her son , age 6 , fled their home country of Guatemala , and are fearful for their lives if they 're forced to return there .
The boy was already in a lot of pain to begin with due to the trek . But following their forced separation , he was placed in foster care with another family who chose to ignore his medical condition for almost two months . The pain for him became so severe , according to the mother 's lawyer Laura Lunn , that he lost function in his legs .
“ He said he was in so much pain that he could n't really walk , ” Lunn said .
The mother and the son remain separated at this time .
Stories like these will become the legacy of the Trump administration . The president , being so entrenched in his belief that immigrants are like animals , is creating situations like these where children become the victims of his policies . What 's more , Trump shows very little remorse for his actions .
We need to do better as a nation . We must reject Trump 's legacy , and create a new one , where we show more empathy toward those who are seeking asylum to our nation .
Banner/thumbnail image credit : jarmoluk/Pixabay
( The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
LAUNCESTON , Australia , April 5 The vast steel sectors of China , Japan and South Korea are bracing for surging coking coal prices after Cyclone Debbie wreaked havoc across the main mining areas of top producer Australia , but their worst fears may not be realised .
Cyclone Debbie hit the northeastern state of Queensland last week as a Category Four storm , the second-strongest rating , causing widespread flooding and damage to infrastructure in the state , which produces about half of the world 's supply of seaborne coking coal .
steelmakers will no doubt be reminded of Cyclone Yasi , a storm in 2011 that knocked out mines , railways and ports in Queensland , causing the loss of around 25 million tonnes of exports and sending the coking coal price to a record of just above $ 330 a tonne .
Debbie has hit roughly the same area and has caused similar problems , but there are some important differences this time , which suggest that while coking coal prices are likely to spike higher , the rally may not be as pronounced or as extended as it was in 2011 .
The main difference is that in 2011 it took a considerable length of time to pump water out of flooded mine pits , assess and repair rail damage and clear export backlogs at ports .
This time the mines appear to have been far better prepared , with top producer BHP Billiton already able to resume operations at some of its pits in the Bowen Basin .
The problem is that while the mines can recover fairly quickly , and are believed to have sufficient stockpiles of mined material , the rail infrastructure may not .
BHP has declared force majeure on shipments , invoking the legal term for when a company is unable to meet obligations due to circumstances beyond its control .
This is because the rail system may take several weeks to fully repair , according to Aurizon , the operator .
Of the four main lines taking coal to ports along the Queensland coast , it 's expected that only one will be operating by next week , the others taking up to four more weeks to come back online .
SHORT , BUT SHARP , PRICE SPIKE
In theory , this means the potential impact loss of exports of coking coal from Debbie could be as high as 15 million tonnes .
While this would be below the 25 million tonnes lost because of Yasi in 2011 , it 's still a significant number .
ANZ Banking Group commodity analyst Daniel Hynes expects North American coking coal exports will increase in the wake of Debbie , much as they did after Yasi , when they increased by 13 million tonnes .
`` The only difference this time is that the impact will be contained within a 5-6 week window , '' Hynes said in a research note on Wednesday . `` Therefore , we expect prices to surge well above $ 200 a tonne in coming weeks as buyers become increasingly desperate . ''
That desperation is already evident , with coking coal futures in Singapore jumping 44 percent from Friday 's close to end at $ 225 a tonne on Tuesday .
Dalian Commodity Exchange futures restarted on Wednesday after two days of being closed for holidays , rising as much as 7.2 percent to 1,363.5 yuan ( $ 197.90 ) a tonne from Friday 's close of 1,271 yuan .
Overall , it appears that the coking coal market in Asia will tighten substantially , but for a matter of weeks rather than the months experienced in 2011 .
Cargoes will start to arrive from North America , and it 's possible that Mongolia and Russia can also step up exports .
This is cold comfort for steelmakers , who face a scramble for immediate cargoes , but it does mean the Debbie-related price surge is likely to come and go within a matter of weeks , rather than months as occurred when Yasi struck .
The key will be whether Aurizon can repair its rail corridors within , or faster than its current estimates , or whether the damage is worse than already assessed .
Any signs that the rail outages will be longer than expected will put further pressure on coking coal inventories and supplies , and make already nervous steel mills even more anxious .
( Editing by Richard Pullin )
March 29IVS Group SA :
* Said on Tuesday that with reference to the acquisition of the minority stake of 25 pct in CSH S.r.l . a part of the final price , for an amount of 1.03 million euros ( $ 1.11 million ) , has been paid by using 100,000 the company 's shares , valued at 10.3 euros per share
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9251 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
* For poll results click : reuters : //realtime/verb=Open/url=cpurl : //apps.cp./Apps/cb-polls ? s=GCR01+2H+7 & st=Menu+G+C
SYDNEY , March 31 Australia 's central bank is considered certain to keep its cash rate at a record low of 1.5 percent next week , a Reuters poll of economists found on Friday .
All 50 economists polled by Reuters forecast the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) would stand pat on April 4 , following two rate cuts last year .
While the vast majority predicted a steady rate outlook this year , views diverge on the next RBA move . Eight respondents out of 47 forecasts an interest rate hike by early next year , versus seven seeing an easing . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Economists were asked what the cash rate would be after the next RBA meeting on April 4 and where rates would be at the end of the following five quarters . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ( Editing by Randy Fabi )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 29 Sanyang Motor Co Ltd :
* Says it will repurchase 40,000,000 shares of its common stock ( a 4.6 percent stake ) during the period from March 29 to May 26
* Says the price range of shares to be repurchased is T $ 15 per share to T $ 32 per share
* Total share repurchase consideration is up to T $ 3.21 billion
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/1OVz4f
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli has no intention of abandoning his fiery competitiveness but is working on tempering his reactions during heated moments during matches .
Alli 's combustible nature was back in the spotlight recently when he was handed a three-match European ban for a wild challenge on Gent 's Brecht Dejaegere during Tottenham 's Europa League clash at Wembley last month .
The 20-year-old England international also served a three-match suspension for punching West Bromwich Albion 's Claudio Yacob towards the end of last season as Spurs slipped out of the Premier League title race .
`` There 's been a lot said about me and my aggression but I think , to be honest , it 's not something I 'm going to look to change , '' Alli told reporters .
`` That 's the player I am , I 've always been like that since I was younger . It 's about getting it under control and I think I 've been doing that .
`` I 've got to keep improving and learning ; not to play with less aggression but how I react in different situations . ''
Alli said he was `` relieved '' not to have seriously hurt Dejaegere , especially after seeing Ireland skipper Seamus Coleman suffer a double leg break in a tackle by Wales ' Neil Taylor in A World Cup qualifier on Friday .
`` I feel sorry for Seamus ... I 'm sure the guy ( Taylor ) did n't mean to do that . '' he added . `` Like my tackle ; I felt I was relieved that nothing bad happened to the player . ''
Second-placed Spurs visit 13th-placed Burnley in a Premier League encounter on Saturday .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru )
SEOUL , April 6 South Korean prosecutors said on Thursday they have summoned Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin for questioning as a witness in an investigation of an influence-peddling scandal that led to the dismissal and arrest of former president Park Geun-hye .
The special prosecutor 's office said Shin had been summoned to appear at 9:30 a.m. local time ( 0030 GMT ) on Friday but did not comment further . ( Reporting by Se Young Lee and Christine Kim ; Editing by Paul Tait )
Chairman of UK Athletics Ed Warner during the press conference where it was announced that Sainsbury 's will be sponsoring three major meetings this summer . British Athletics Sponsor Announcement - Formans Fish Island , Fish Island , London - 15/4/13 . Action Images / Paul ...
LONDON UK Athletics chairman Ed Warner has called time on Britain 's win-at-all-cost approach , saying the focus on medals has become unhealthy and the entire elite funding structure for sport needs reviewing .
`` We have reached a point where the win-at-all-cost approach of UK Sport has had its time , '' he told the Guardian on Friday .
`` There is too much of a culture of medal winners and non-medal winners which is unhealthy and does n't speak well for us as a sporting society . ''
London is hosting the world athletics championships in August and Warner is the most outspoken senior figure so far to criticise the body that distributes government and National Lottery funding to sport in Britain .
UK Sport 's ruthless approach has produced record returns , with Britain second in the medals table at last year 's Rio Olympics with 27 gold medals and 67 in total , but also caused controversy .
British cycling has been engulfed by allegations of bullying and sexism , with former performance director Dave Brailsford defending the organisation as `` medallist '' and meritocratic .
UK Sport 's chief executive Liz Nicholl has said the latest round of funding leading up to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics is `` uncompromisingly focussed on excellence , relative merit and what it takes to pursue the ambition to win more medals and create more medallists in Tokyo to inspire the nation '' .
That has meant sports such as badminton , basketball and wheelchair rugby missing out .
Warner hoped it was not too late for `` a more elegant and intelligent objective than a pure medal-winning yardstick '' and a rethink of some decisions .
`` That might lead to some sports that are being disenfranchised still being able to be included in Tokyo funding , '' he added .
`` Nothing would give a lot of people , including me , greater pleasure than seeing some of the sports that had their funding chopped go to Tokyo and win medals – and be able to stick a metaphorical finger up at those who say right now that they do n't have any chances . ''
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin ; Editing by Alison Williams )
April 6 Telenor Asa
* Telenor to sell additional shares in Veon Ltd .
* Has commenced an offering of 70 million of its common shares in Veon ltd
* Currently owns approximately 416.7 million ADSS , which represents 23.7 percent of Veon 's total outstanding common shares
* Price at which telenor will sell common shares and adss has not yet been determined
* Pricing of offering will be announced following completion of bookbuilding process
* Citigroup and Morgan Stanley will act as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for offering Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Liverpool 's injury crisis has worsened ahead of Sunday 's Premier League clash with Crystal Palace with defenders Joel Matip , Ragnar Klavan and Lucas Leiva all doubtful due to injury , manager Juergen Klopp said on Thursday .
They are already without influential midfielders Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson as they attempt to consolidate their top-four spot that would guarantee another Champions League campaign , although the former could be in line to return against Watford on May 1 .
`` Muscle problems with Joe Matip , ( a ) little bit with Lucas Leiva . Small problem with Ragnar Klavan , could be also not enough time , '' Klopp told a news conference .
`` Adam ( Lallana ) is back on the pitch . ( He ) should be involved next week in normal training .
The manager was less confident about skipper Henderson 's chances of recovering from a foot injury before the end of the season . `` I do n't know , we will see , '' he said . `` At this moment he can not train . We have to wait . ''
Liverpool are currently third in the Premier League , having won five of their last seven games , and have lost just once in 16 games at Anfield all season .
But Klopp believes Sam Allardyce 's Palace , who are not yet safe from relegation , are capable of posing an aerial threat for his defence , with former Liverpool striker Christian Benteke leading the line for the visitors .
`` When the ball is in the air Christian is a major threat . We felt it a lot of times here , '' the German added .
`` If we let them cross 50 balls it 's pretty likely he will have some dangerous headers .
`` But if you only concentrate on Benteke , you have ( Wilfried ) Zaha and ( Andros ) Townsend around him . That is one of the best offensive lines in the Premier League . ''
Crystal Palace , who are 15th in the league , have won five of their last seven games to move seven points clear of the relegation zone with six games to play .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
TORONTO , March 29 Canada 's Lululemon Athletica Inc on Wednesday reported a higher quarterly profit , but earnings per share fell short of analysts ' expectations due in part to slower sales .
Net income rose to $ 136.1 million , or 99 cents per share in the fourth quarter ended Jan. 29 , from $ 117.4 million , or 85 cents per share , in the prior year . Revenue was $ 789.9 million , up from $ 704.3 million .
Analysts , on average , had expected earnings of $ 1.01 a share on revenue of $ 783.56 million , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . Lululemon shares fell more than 15 percent after closing 4 percent higher at $ 66.30 ahead of the results . ( Reporting by Solarina Ho ; Editing by Richard Chang )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Altice USA Inc :
* ALTICE USA SAYS ON JAN 29 CO ‘ S UNIT ISSUED $ 1 BILLION AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 5.375 % SENIOR GUARANTEED NOTES DUE 2028 - SEC FILING
* ALTICE USA INC - PROCEEDS WILL BE USED TO REFINANCE CERTAIN EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS OF ISSUER & CABLEVISION SYSTEMS CORPORATION
* ALTICE USA INC - PROCEEDS WILL ALSO BE USED FUND A DIVIDEND OF $ 1,500.0 MILLION TO CO ( THROUGH CABLEVISION ) Source text ( bit.ly/2GGDqqG ) Further company coverage :
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share ( before tax ) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Exhibition space and artwork merge in the presentation of the new RUN Home collection at The Community in Paris . Gathering a series of recent and past works by Susan Cianciolo , Kiva Motnyk and their collective of multiple collaborators , the show presents clothing , textiles , works on paper and ceramics in the raw interior of The Community gallery where , in the former barbershop , RUN 's objects and textile works seem at home .
Spread across the ground level of the gallery space , the show has cute moments — like a small children 's playroom off the main space — that invite visitors to socialize with the works . The collection is the latest iteration of Cianciolo and Motnyk 's collaboration , one that regularly explores making , wearing and exhibiting clothes as an interrelated and holistic practice in which boundaries between disciplines become intimate and blurred .
Often described as a visual artist , designer and even restaurateur , New York–based Cianciolo emerged from a 1990s art/fashion generation in New York , managing to survive the status of independent designer through her diverse output of collaborations , exhibitions and immersive events . Motnyk , a textile designer and the founder of Thompson Street Studio , has created work that similarly explores experimental practice in the fiber arts . For their RUN collections , the artists work with a crew of collaborators , each involved to some extent on pieces in the collection . Designers Jessica Ogden and Zoe Latta , as well as Mississippi-based quilter Coulter Fussell , are just a few of the contributors to RUN 's ongoing methodology of sharing and repurposing . The handmade quilts , repurposed textiles , illustrations and garments displayed invite the status of incomplete .
Tuukka Laurila , cofounder and director of The Community , explains : “ What is interesting to us is how Susan and Kiva combine their backgrounds in fashion with their art practice . As curators , we really connect with this aspect of their work : you ca n't categorize it , and it makes people confused. ” This indefinability adds to the charm of Susan and Kiva 's work , which avoids the political to find smaller reflective experiences keyed to the history of textile art and crafts .
April 28 Tapimmune Inc-
* Tapimmune announces change in management and board of directors
* Tapimmune -on april 27 , 2017 , Dr. John Bonfiglio resigned as chief operating officer , president and director of Tapimmune to pursue other opportunities
* Tapimmune Inc - in connection with Bonfiglio 's resignation , size of board was reduced from seven members to six members
* Tapimmune Inc - Wilson , was appointed to serve as company 's president due to vacancy created by bonfiglio 's resignation Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UB40 featuring Ali , Astro and Mickey will be performing at Sherwood Pines Forest this summer as part of Forest Live , the annual open-air concert series organised by the Forestry Commission – and we have a pair of tickets to be won in our fantastic competition .
UB40 featuring Ali Campbell , Astro and Mickey Virtue will be performing a set of classic hits that a generation of fans grew up with , such as Food For Thought , One in Ten , Red Red Wine , Please Do n't Make Me Cry , Kingston Town and ( I Ca n't Help ) Falling In Love With You , acknowledging UB40 's status as Britain 's most successful reggae band of all time .
Fans can also expect new material from the trio 's latest album , A Real Labour of Love , which debuted at number two in the UK charts .
Forest Live is a major live music series , managed by the Forestry Commission .
Held every year in seven beautiful forest locations across the country , more than 1.5 million people have attended a gig in the programme 's 17-year history .
With everything required for a great night out , including good food and bar , the concerts are renowned for their informal and relaxed atmosphere set to a spectacular forest backdrop .
Income generated from ticket sales helps look after the nation 's forests sustainably , for people to enjoy and wildlife to thrive .
Commenting on the gig , legendary vocalist Ali Campbell , said : “ We love the Forest Live gigs .
“ We hope to see you there , so you can join in with the hits in such a beautiful location . ”
As part of Forest Live UB40 featuring Ali , Astro and Mickey will be appearing in this region in Sherwood Pines Forest Park , near Mansfield , on Sunday , June 24 .
For tickets and further information , call the box office on 03000 680400 or buy online at www.forestry.gov.uk/music .
To stand a chance of winning a pair of tickets to this fantastic concert in our easy-to-enter competition , answer the following question correctly : what is the name of the trio 's latest album .
Email your answer , along with your name , address and daytime contact number , to : martin.hutton @ jpress.co.uk . Mark the email Forest Live Competition . The first correct entry drawn after the closing date of midday on Friday , June 8 , will win a pair of tickets .
Normal Johnston Press competition rules apply . The editor 's decision is final .
For full terms and conditions , visit the home-page of this website . The prizes for this competition are being supplied by the organisers and specific terms and conditions apply . Please confirm in your email that you are accepting that your details will be passed to the competition provider , should you be the winning entry .
For details of the Johnston Press privacy policy visit www.johnstonpress.co.uk/cookies-policy .
TBILISI , Georgia — Wales beat Georgia 1-0 away without injured star Gareth Bale on Friday to keep alive its chances of qualifying automatically for next year 's World Cup in Russia .
Tom Lawrence scored the winning goal for the 2016 European Championship semifinalists in the 49th minute , when he spun his marker and sent in a low shot from 20 metres that proved too powerful for the goalkeeper to keep out .
Wales moved a point behind Serbia , which plays Austria later Friday and can guarantee first place in Group D with a win in Vienna .
Third-placed Ireland must beat Moldova at home to stay within a point of Wales , ahead of a meeting between the two Celtic rivals in Cardiff on Monday in the final round of qualifiers .
Armed policemen stand guard before the arrival of suspects charged with the murder of Kim Jong Nam , at a Sepang court , in Malaysia April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong , who was charged with the murder of Kim Jong Nam , is escorted by police as she arrives at a Sepang court , in Malaysia April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
KUALA LUMPUR The two women charged with killing the estranged half-brother of North Korea 's leader appeared in a Malaysian court in bullet-proof vests on Thursday , as one of their lawyers warned they feared `` trial by ambush '' with police not sharing evidence .
Indonesian Siti Aishah , 25 , and Doan Thi Huong , 28 , from Vietnam , face the death penalty if convicted of murdering Kim Jong Nam at Kuala Lumpur International airport on Feb. 13 .
The two women have been accused of smearing Kim 's face with the toxic VX nerve agent , a chemical described by the United Nations as a weapon of mass destruction .
Aishah and Huong have told diplomats from their countries that they had believed they were carrying out a prank for a reality television show , and not a murder .
U.S. and South Korean officials say the murder was orchestrated by the North 's leader , Kim Jong-un .
Kim Jong Nam , the eldest son of the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , had spoken out publicly against his family 's dynastic control of the isolated , nuclear-armed nation .
Lawyers for Aishah and Huong told the court on Thursday that police had not responded to requests to provide evidence including CCTV recordings and statements from three North Korean suspects allowed to leave Malaysia .
The three were allowed to go home late last month , along with the body of Kim Jong Nam , as part of a swap deal with North Korea , which had banned nine Malaysians from leaving there .
`` We 've lost an opportunity to cross-examine them ... There should be no trial by ambush , '' Aishah 's lawyer , Gooi Soon Seng , told reporters outside the court .
Gooi also said one of the three suspects who was allowed to leave Malaysia , Ri Ji U , also known as James , was a key witness and his departure had `` compromised '' the defence .
Hisyam Teh , Huong 's lawyer , requested police to furnish evidence such as photos and communications from the two phones seized from her .
Malaysia 's inspector-general of police , Khalid Abu Bakar , denied that police had `` compromised '' the case or refused to cooperate with the defence , saying some evidence `` can only be provided during the trial '' .
`` We ca n't be producing all evidence here now , '' Khalid told a news conference .
Four other North Koreans have also been identified by Malaysian police as suspects . They are believed to have left Kuala Lumpur for Pyongyang on the day of the killing .
The magistrate court was set to hear a prosecutors ' request that the two women be tried jointly in a higher court , but the hearing was deferred to May 30 after the prosecution asked for more time to collect documents .
( Reporting by Rozanna Latiff ; Additional reporting by Nguyen Huy Kham in Hanoi ; Writing by A. Ananthalakshmi ; Editing by Michael Perry , Robert Birsel )
WASHINGTON European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Pierre Moscovici said on Thursday he hoped a deal between international lenders and Greece that would allow new loan disbursements would materialize by the end of May .
Euro zone finance ministers reached a political agreement with Athens two weeks ago in Malta on what reforms Greece must implement to secure new cheap loans and teams of technical experts were to iron out the details as soon as possible .
But two weeks have passed and the experts have not yet gone to Greece .
`` We need to translate that ( the political deal ) into a technical agreement . I hope the teams will be able to return to Athens in the days to come and we can have a solution by the end of May . That is the timetable , '' Moscovici said .
( Reporting By Jan Strupczewski ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
JOHANNESBURG , April 6 South African President Jacob Zuma pledged on Thursday to redistribute wealth in the economy to poor black people as part of a policy he calls `` radical socio-economic transformtaion '' .
`` We mean the fundamental change in the structure , systems , institutions and patterns of ownership , management and control of the economy in favour of South Africans , especially the poor , '' Zuma said in a speech to members of local government .
Zuma 's fresh `` transformation '' pledge has been criticised by opponents who say it is a populist attempt to win votes and vague rhetoric similar to many promises made since the end of apartheid in 1994 . ( Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana ; Writing by Joe Brock ; Editing by James Macharia )
April 10 Axovant Sciences Ltd
* Axovant Sciences announces appointment of Dr. David Hung as chief executive officer and expansion of board of directors
* Axovant Sciences Ltd - Mindset study results for intepirdine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer 's disease expected in late September 2017
* Axovant Sciences Ltd says Mindset study results for intepirdine in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer 's disease expected in late September 2017
* Vivek Ramaswamy to remain on board of directors and assume full-time role as CEO of parent company Roivant sciences
* Axovant Sciences Ltd- also announced appointment of Marion Mccourt as president and chief operating officer
* Axovant Sciences Ltd - Hung , who also joined Axovant 's board of directors , succeeds founding chief executive officer Vivek Ramaswamy
* Former medivation directors Kate Falberg and Tony Vernon appointed to board of directors
* Axovant Sciences Ltd - David Hung has been named chief executive officer of Axovant Sciences , effective April 7 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 3 Air Transport Services Group Inc
* ATSG posts strong first quarter revenue , earnings growth
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.17 from continuing operations excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.13 from continuing operations
* Q1 revenue rose 34 percent to $ 237.9 million
* Air Transport Services Group Inc - ATSG expects that its adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for 2017 will be in excess of $ 260 million
* Air Transport Services Group Inc - ATSG currently projects 2017 capital expenditures of approximately $ 355 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Australian PM mocks Trump over `` Russian guy '' at media party
MELBOURNE , June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia , according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event .
BRIEF-Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.02 yuan per share ( before tax ) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
April 13 British recruitment company Hays forecast full-year profit at the top end of market expectations on Thursday after reporting record third-quarter net fees as international hiring offset weakness in the UK market following the Brexit vote .
The company , which places workers in areas such as finance and IT , said it expected full-year operating profit to be at the top of a market consensus range of 199 million to 209 million pounds ( $ 250 million- $ 263 million ) .
Net fees increased 10 percent on a constant currency basis in the third quarter which ended on March 31 boosted largely by strong growth in continental Europe , where Germany and France were standout performers .
Net fees from its UK and Ireland operations fell 4 percent , but showed an improvement against a 10 percent fall recorded for the preceding two quarters , Hays said in its trading update .
( $ 1 = 0.7959 pounds ) ( Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru ; editing by Jason Neely )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
FILE PHOTOS : A combination of file photos show U.S. President Donald Trump ( L ) in Washington March 1 , 2017 and Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Tokyo November 18 , 2014 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/Toru Hanai/File Photos
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Donald Trump pose for a photograph before attending dinner at Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach , Florida , U.S. , February 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Sunday praised the `` strong commitment '' of President Donald Trump to global and allied security after his second call with the U.S. leader in four days .
The two agreed that the United States , Japan and South Korea will remain in close contact on North Korea , and they agreed to closely watch China 's response to Pyongyang 's missile and nuclear development , Abe told reporters at his official residence .
In a call on Thursday , a day after North Korea 's latest missile test , Abe said he and Trump had agreed the ballistic missile launch was `` a dangerous provocation and a serious threat . ''
Abe on Friday voiced support for air strikes Trump ordered against Syria after Damascus deployed deadly chemical weapons on a rebel-held area earlier in the week .
( Reporting by Takaya Yamaguchi ; Editing by William Mallard )
March 30 Stage Stores Inc
* Stage Stores to acquire selected assets of Gordmans
* expect Gordmans business will be accretive to earnings
* intends to fund transaction and related investments from existing cash and availability under its credit facility
* Stage subsidiary will , subject to exceptions in purchase agreement , acquire a minimum of 50 Gordmans Store leases
* acquisition expands Stage 's portfolio with `` addition of complementary concept and customer demographics in new midwest markets ''
* `` plan to maintain Gordmans brand and look forward to welcoming a significant number of Gordmans employees to our company ''
* substantially all of remaining assets at Gordmans ' remaining 48 stores , other facilities expected to be liquidated by Tiger Capital and Great American
* Barclays acted as exclusive financial advisor to Stage Stores
* unit prevailed in its bid to acquire select assets of Gordmans Stores , Inc. through a bankruptcy auction
* unit to have rights to assume leases for additional 7 Gordman Stores ; to buy all of Gordmans ' inventory , other assets at 57 store locations
* Cravath , Swaine & Moore LLP and McAfee & Taft , P.C . served as legal counsel to Stage Stores Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
When Saul Bellow won the Nobel Prize in 1976 , he remarked that `` the child in me is delighted '' but `` the adult in me is skeptical . '' Bellow found there was a `` secret humiliation connected with the prize , '' he later said , because `` some of the very great writers of the century did n't get it . ''
The child in many readers was delighted , if the adult skeptical , when Bob Dylan took home last year 's Nobel in literature . There was further skepticism when it was learned that Dylan apparently plagiarized some of his acceptance speech from SparkNotes .
This year there will not be that sort of bickering : Kazuo Ishiguro , who was born in Japan and raised in England , is a safe choice — he has been a blue-chip literary stock for nearly four decades — but a formidable and not uninteresting one .
Ishiguro is an artist of restraint and equipoise . None of his novels is the same as the last , yet he has achieved over the course of his career a remarkable consistency of effect .
He creates worlds that are clear in a sentence-by-sentence way , but in which the big picture recedes against the horizon . His novels are about discovery and revelation , and how slowly they arrive even for the most meticulous observer .
Ishiguro is best known for his third novel , `` The Remains of the Day '' ( 1989 ) , which is related from the perspective of Stevens , a punctilious English butler . A teacup of strong Earl Grey , it won the Booker Prize and was made into an indelible film with Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson .
It escaped no one 's notice that an immigrant to England had written the most moving , witty , ironic and — British — book of its time . Ishiguro 's fluid command of Stevens ' idiom never faltered .
`` The great butlers are great by virtue of their ability to inhabit their professional role and inhabit it to the utmost , '' Stevens tells us . `` They will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing . They wear their professionalism as a decent gentleman will wear his suit : he will not let ruffians or circumstance tear it off him in the public gaze ; he will discard it when , and only when , he wills to do so , and this will invariably be when he is entirely alone . '' Stevens ' sang-froid was matched by Ishiguro 's own .
Ishiguro — his friends call him Ish — became a public figure in 1989 , but to anyone paying attention he seemed to have arrived fully formed as a writer . His excellent first two novels , `` A Pale View of Hills '' ( 1982 ) and `` An Artist of the Floating World '' ( 1986 ) , were set in Japan . One turns to `` A Pale View of Hills '' today and realizes how resonant it is from its first sentences :
`` Nikki , the name we finally gave my younger daughter , is not an abbreviation ; it was a compromise I reached with her father . For paradoxically it was he who wanted to give her a Japanese name , and I — perhaps out of some selfish desire not to be reminded of the past — insisted on an English one . '' The book 's tone never slips .
TORONTO — Commissioner Randy Ambrosie is encouraging CFL players to have off-season jobs .
Ambrosie made the comment in an interview posted on the CFL 's website Friday .
Last month , running back James Wilder Jr. and defensive lineman Victor Butler expressed frustration that the Toronto Argonauts would n't allow them to pursue more lucrative NFL opportunities this off-season .
Both players signed two-year deals with Toronto prior to the 2017 season .
On Thursday , Ambrosie issued a statement saying `` players are required to honour their contracts as they are registered with the league . ''
Ambrosie said he had off-season jobs during his nine-year CFL career as an offensive lineman with Calgary , Edmonton and Toronto ( 1985-93 ) .
Ambrosie added that 's an advantage to a player because it sets up a potential post-football career .
Mesa police arrest man who sold fireworks out of his garage
MESA , Ariz. ( AP ) — Police in Mesa say they 've arrested a man who allegedly sold illegal fireworks out of his garage .
Detectives say they received several tips that Chris Kleve was selling fireworks and found online ads .
Police say detectives went to Kleve 's address where they found banners indicating fireworks for sale .
A search warrant was served at Kleve 's house Monday and officers say they seized a pickup truck bed full of fireworks .
According to police , Kleve said he drove to nearby states to pick up the fireworks and then sell them in Arizona .
Kleve has been booked into jail on suspicion of possession , sale and storage of illegal fireworks .
It was unclear Tuesday if Kleve has a lawyer yet for his case .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Everton 's Ramiro Funes Mori could miss the rest of the campaign after the Merseyside club confirmed that the defender suffered an injury to his left knee while on international duty with Argentina .
Funes Mori , who has made 26 appearances for Everton this season , was carried off the field during Argentina 's 2-0 World Cup qualifier loss to Bolivia on Tuesday .
His injury is likely to leave Everton manager Ronald Koeman short of options in defence as right back Seamus Coleman is also set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after breaking his leg in international play last week .
`` Ramiro Funes Mori could miss the remainder of the season after injuring his knee whilst on international duty with Argentina , '' the Premier League club said in a statement on Thursday ( www.evertonfc.com ) .
`` He will have a surgical opinion next week but the initial diagnosis suggests the 26-year-old is likely to be out of action for the rest of the campaign . ''
Midfielder James McCarthy also aggravated a hamstring injury while playing for Ireland last week .
Everton , seventh in the league , will also be without long-term absentees Yannick Bolasie and Muhamed Besic when they travel to face fourth-ranked Merseyside rivals Liverpool on Saturday . Midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin is also in doubt for the clash .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
One person is dead after a crash between a car and a truck on Highway 401 Monday morning .
The crash occurred around 5:20 a.m. in the westbound lanes of Highway 401 at Martin Grove Rd. , closing all lanes , said Ontario Provincial Police Sgt . Kerry Schmidt .
`` It 's an absolutely devastating crash , '' he said . `` The driver of the car is deceased . The driver of the truck is obviously very shaken up . ''
Schmidt said the crash appeared to be a rear-end collision to the back of the car , but the reconstruction team would be able to confirm what happened after an investigation .
The highway is expected to be closed for several hours , which will affect the morning rush hour .
Schmidt is appealing for witnesses who were in the area around the time of the crash to come forward with details . The Toronto detachment of the OPP can be reached at 416-235-4981 .
The identity and age of the victim was not immediately available .
A battle brewing for months will take centre stage at a school board meeting Tuesday night over Halton 's controversial policy banning financial support to charities that do n't align with Catholic values .
The Halton Catholic District School board of trustees meeting , usually held at its office in Burlington , has been moved to Oakville 's Holy Trinity Catholic Secondary School to accommodate a larger crowd .
The board of trustees reapproved a motion last month that bans any financial donations to organizations that `` publicly support , either directly or indirectly , '' abortion , contraception , sterilization , euthanasia or embryonic stem cell research .
The motion was introduced in January and moved by Oakville trustee Helena Karabela .
In an email sent to parents on March 5 , Director of Education Paula Dawson wrote that `` you have probably noticed that our school board has been receiving a great deal of media coverage over the past week in regard to a motion recently passed by the board of trustees . ''
The board compiled a list of charities that received donations from board schools in the past , and `` are now in the process of determining which charitable organizations may continue to receive donations from our schools in light of this new board decision . ''
The list of 100 charities and non-profits includes the Halton Women 's Place , Sick Kids and the Princess Margaret Cancer Foundation .
`` We know that fundraising at the school level is an integral part of the educational experience for our students , '' Dawson said in the email . `` We will continue to encourage students and staff to participate in fundraising efforts in accordance with the board decision . ''
A representative from Campaign Life Coalition 's youth division will be present at Tuesday 's meeting . Jack Fonseca , a spokesperson for the organization , said people who dissent the motion should leave for the public school system , particularly if they disagree with Catholic teachings .
`` It 's a very strong , pro-life motion , and the Catholic Church is pro-life , which means by extension , Catholic schools must be pro-life , '' he said . `` That 's not a negotiable point . ''
RIYADH May 2 The Saudi Arabian government is prepared to restore austerity steps if state finances pass through another critical phase , Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Tuesday .
Prince Mohammed was speaking in a nationally televised interview , a year after he launched a series of radical economic reforms designed to reduce a huge budget deficit caused by low oil prices and to diversify the economy beyond oil .
Last month , the government reversed an unpopular austerity step , restoring allowances to public sector workers after cutting them last September to save money . Prince Mohammed said on Tuesday that the decision was due to improved oil and non-oil revenues . ( Reporting by Riyadh team ; Writing by Andrew Torchia )
US diplomat visits Pakistan to discuss peace in Afghanistan
ISLAMABAD ( AP ) — A top diplomat from President Donald Trump 's administration has met with the Pakistani army chief to discuss how to ensure peace in Afghanistan following a recent cease-fire between the Taliban and Kabul .
Pakistan is believed to have played a role in ensuring the first truce in Afghanistan 's brutal 17-year war when Kabul and insurgents separately but peacefully celebrated the Muslim feast of Eid al-Fitr . However , violence has later resumed .
Alice Wells , U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state , met with Pakistani army chief Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa .
The visit Tuesday came after Afghanistan stepped up efforts at finding a peaceful settlement , weeks after a U.S. drone missile killed Pakistani Taliban leader Mullah Fazlullah in Afghanistan .
March 29 Lien Hwa Industrial Corp :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 1.6 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.5 for every one share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/GC32hs
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
* Beiersdorf to re-invest its money , incl in M & A - chairman
* Chairman says purchases would cost `` very , very much ''
* CEO says first few months of 2017 affirm guidance
* CEO says does n't underestimate risks for the year ( Recasts , adds chairman 's comments on acquisitions , background )
HAMBURG , April 20 Germany 's Beiersdorf , the maker of Nivea skin cream , still prefers hoarding cash to fund possible acquisitions over raising its dividend , supervisory board Chairman Reinhard Poellath told shareholders .
The money `` has to go back into the business , where it came from , including via acquisitions , '' he said at Beiersdorf 's annual general meeting on Thursday .
Those acquisitions would `` cost very , very much money , '' he added , without naming any possible targets .
Beiersdorf has around 3.7 billion euros ( $ 4 billion ) of cash . It has said in the past it could spend up to 10 billion euros on purchases if it used treasury shares and a capital increase to raise funds .
In 2008 , its attempt to buy into China with a nearly $ 400 million acquisition of the C-Bons Hair Care company - the largest domestic player in the hair care sector at the time - failed to meet Beiersdorf 's hopes for growth .
Beiersdorf has been earning margins that are lower than those of competitors such as Unilever , Procter & Gamble and L'Oréal , which have been snapping up smaller companies and niche brands to build scale and enter new consumer markets .
Chief Executive Stefan Heidenreich has said Beiersdorf 's main priority remained organic growth , signalling the company would not be pressured into making acquisitions hastily .
He said on Thursday that business in the first few months of 2017 had affirmed the group 's cautious optimism for the full year , sticking with guidance for 3 to 4 percent sales growth and a slight improvement in the operating margin from 15 percent in 2016 .
Last year , demand for the group 's Nivea , Eucerin and La Prairie skincare products helped Beiersdorf overcome a `` difficult market '' and increase annual sales and profit .
`` We do not underestimate the continuing economic and political risks ... neither their number nor their intensity is likely to decline this year , '' Heidenreich said at the Hamburg-based company 's annual general meeting on Thursday .
`` We do not expect any decisive positive impulses for our business from the environment in 2017 . But we rely on our own strength , '' he added .
( $ 1 = 0.9296 euros ) ( Reporting by Jan Schwartz ; Writing by Maria Sheahan ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
European Council President Donald Tusk shows British Prime Minister Theresa May 's Brexit letter in notice of the UK 's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU 's Lisbon Treaty , at the end of a news conference in Brussels , Belgium March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS European Council President Donald Tusk told reporters on Wednesday that Britain 's formal exit notification made it an unhappy day for London and Brussels and that difficult talks would simply be about limiting damage for both sides .
Tusk , a former Polish prime minister who chairs meetings of EU leaders , waved papers as he began a short statement .
`` So here it is . Six pages . The notification from Prime Minister Theresa May triggering Article 50 and formally starting negotiations for the United Kingdom 's withdrawal from the European Union , '' he told reporters less than an hour after receiving the letter from the British ambassador .
`` There is no reason to pretend today is a happy day , neither in Brussels nor in London . After all most Europeans , including almost half the British voters , wished that we would stay together not drift apart , '' he continued .
Tusk , who will share a proposal of the negotiating guidelines with the other 27 member states on Friday , said there was one positive from Brexit - that it had made the remaining EU members more determined and united than before ahead of `` difficult negotiations '' .
Tusk said the EU 's goal was to minimise the costs for EU citizens , businesses and member states , whose leaders should adopt the negotiating proposals on April 29 .
`` There is nothing to win in this process and I 'm talking about both sides . In essence this is about damage control , '' he said .
Concluding his brief remarks to the media in Brussels , Tusk said he had little to add about Britain : `` What can I add to this ? We already miss you . Thank you and goodbye . ''
( Reporting by Alastair Macdonald and Philip Blenkinsop ; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek )
April 6Yunnan Nantian Electronics Information Co Ltd :
* Says co 's unit ( plaintiff ) receives judgment on the lawsuit filed against a Beijing-based pharmaceutical group co ( defendant ) , regarding sale contract dispute
* According to the judgment , defendant was requested to repay 7.6 million yuan and litigation fee to plaintiff
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/G3RSeU
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
WASHINGTON — Donald Trump Jr. , shortly after Rep. Steve Scalise , a Republican aide and security personnel were shot at a baseball practice in Virginia on Wednesday , took to Twitter to connect the shooting to the recent controversy over a rendition of “ Julius Caesar ” that features the assassination of a ruler that resembles Donald Trump .
Trump 's son retweeted political commentator Harlan Z. Hill , who opined , “ Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our President . ”
Trump Jr. supported the comment , adding : “ This . ”
The Public Theater in New York City 's “ Julius Caesar ” has garnered droves of negative attention because the contemporary rendition of William Shakespeare 's classic features a Caesar — who with his blonde hair , suit and long tie — looks like Trump . The play also has Caesar 's wife , Calpurnia , speak in a Slavic accent very much like first lady Melania Trump .
Fox News and other conservative media blasted the play , leading Donald Trump , Jr. to tweet , “ Serious question , when does ‘ art ' become political speech & does that change things ? ”
The subsequent pressure led to Bank of America and Delta to pull their support from the play this week .
Donald Trump , Jr. also favorited a tweet on Wednesday that accused “ the liberal media ” of “ radicalizing people against anyone who supports the President by baselessly accusing us of collusion with Russia . ”
The tweet , which came from the account @ YoungDems4Trump , was in response to President Donald Trump 's message of well wishes to Scalise , who was shot in the hip .
“ Rep . Steve Scalise of Louisiana , a true friend and patriot , was badly injured but will fully recover . Our thoughts and prayers are with him , ” Trump tweeted .
First lady Melania Trump echoed the President when she tweeted , “ Thank you to the first responders who rushed in to help protect those who were hurt in Alexandria , VA. My thoughts & prayers to everyone ! ”
Donald Trump Jr. was not the only Trump son to go after the media after the shooting : Eric Trump critiqued recent coverage of strong stock market growth .
“ DOW , S & P 500 , NYSE & Russell 2000 ALL at their all-time highs ! Zero chance @ CNN @ MSNBC or the MSM will cover ! # 401Ks , ” Eric Trump tweeted .
Gaza is home to numerous ancient treasures , but politics have long complicated archeological work .
The French excavations stopped in 2002 because of a Palestinian uprising in which protesters violently clashed with Israeli troops around the nearby Netzarim settlement . Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005 . But Hamas , shunned by the West as a terrorist group , won elections and eventually drove out the Western-backed Palestinian Authority in 2007 . The excavations never resumed .
Unlike more extreme Islamic groups , Hamas has not deliberately destroyed antiquities for ideological reasons .
But with little open space in Gaza , a fast-growing population and an economy stifled by Israeli and Egyptian blockades , Hamas officials say they have no choice but to develop the area , making archeology a low priority .
But the group has also seized ancient sites to build military training camps , including the 3,000-year-old Anthedon Harbor , parts of which were bulldozed in 2013 .
In 2009 and 2012 , the expansion of universities destroyed the western and northern facades of Tel El-Sakan . People displaced during three wars between Hamas and Israel set up temporary dwellings on the eastern side .
The southern front remained , but Hamas says it needs the land to compensate some of its senior employees , who have only received partial salaries from the cash-strapped group .
When the bulldozer work started in early August , the Hamas-run Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities appealed for help . Humbert rushed to Gaza , and with the help of colleagues from Gaza 's Islamic University , he succeeded in stopping the work for two weeks while the ministry and Hamas 's Land Authority worked to settle the dispute .
Jamal Abu Rida , the ministry 's director of antiquities , said Tel Es-Sakan is a protected archeological site , but that his ministry could not stop the more powerful Land Authority from destroying another 1.2 hectares .
The work resumed last week . Bulldozers loaded a truck with soil that contained fragments of jars . When the workers saw Associated Press cameras , they quickly left the scene .
Abu Rida said they recovered an early Bronze Age jar from the site during the most recent levelling . Fadel al-Outul a Gaza archeologist , salvaged fragments that he used to reassemble two thirds of another jar . He also found a flint knife blade .
Junaid Sorosh-Wali , an official with the UN cultural agency UNESCO , inspected the damage at the site Tuesday after the bulldozers left .
What happened was `` disastrous for the archeology and cultural heritage in Palestine , '' he said . He said UNESCO had raised concerns with `` the relevant authorities . ''
Amateur videos showed ramparts crumbling under the bulldozer 's treads . The rampart of the southern facade was also uncovered and is slated for destruction .
Dozens of ancient sites have been found in Gaza , and excavations have revealed temples , monasteries , palaces , churches and mosques and mosaics . But most of the sites have been lost to urban sprawl and looting . UNESCO is struggling to preserve some of remaining ones .
In 2016 , the remains of a Byzantine church were discovered in Gaza , but authorities are believed to have destroyed them . And in 2014 , a rare Apollo statue went missing and is believed to be held by a militant group .
At St. Hilarion monastery in the central Gaza Strip , which spans from the late Roman Empire to the Islamic Umayyad period , a breach in the fence suggested looters were trying to get in . Private construction is taking place next door . Someone recently dumped brick debris in the site from over the fence .
The birthplace one of the 4th century founders of Christian monasticism still has the clear remnants of a baptism hall , a church and an atrium .
Sorosh-Wali , the UNESCO official , said it is among around a dozen locations in the West Bank and Gaza that the Palestinian Authority wants to be listed as a UNESCO `` world heritage '' sites .
The Associated Press
April 3 Astral Foods Limited :
* Heps for six months ending 31 March 2017 will reflect a decrease of between 50 pct and 60 pct
* Heps is expected to be between 387 cents and 310 cents Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
( Corrects titles in second paragraph . )
By Jonathan Schwarzberg
NEW YORK , April 4 Erik Falk has left private equity firm KKR to pursue a new opportunity , sources said .
Falk oversaw some of the private credit funds within KKR 's US $ 35bn credit business , which is run by Alan Burke on the leveraged credit side and Nat Zilkha on the private credit side , according to a source .
His last day was April 3 .
Falk previously served as co-head of leveraged credit at KKR Asset Management .
Falk was the co-portfolio manager of the KKR Lending Partners II LP fund , which closed in April 2015 after raising US $ 1.34bn , according to KKR 's website . The fund focused on priavetely-originated senior loans .
Falk did not return a request for comment . ( Reporting by Jonathan Schwarzberg ; Editing By Jon Methven )
OSLO , April 5 Norway 's Seafood Council said on Wednesday : * * Norwegian seafood exports grew by 17 percent in March to 8.9 billion crowns ( $ 1.04 billion ) year-on-year * * Volumes decreased by 14 percent to 216,000 tonnes over the same period * * Norway exported 95,143 tonnes of salmon , the most popular type of fish sold , worth 6.3 billion crowns in March * * The value of salmon exports increased by 1.1 billion crowns , or 21 percent , year-on-year , while volume was up 11 percent . * * The average price for fresh whole salmon was 61.42 Norwegian crowns per kilo , up from 58.90 crowns in March 2016 * * Poland , France and the U.S. were the biggest importers of Norwegian salmon * * So far this year Norway has exported 636,000 tonnes of seafood , a decrease of 7 percent from the first quarter last year , at a value of 24.1 billion crowns , an increase of 13 percent * * Norway is the world 's top exporter of salmon , with leading producers including Marine Harvest , Salmar , Leroy Seafood
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
State panel calls for armed presence at all Ark . schools
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( AP ) — The Arkansas School Safety Commission issued its preliminary report Tuesday and recommends that every school always have an armed presence , including a trained resource officer whenever financially feasible .
The report also calls for increased mental health resources for students , anti-bullying programs , changes to school infrastructure and mandatory school safety assessments verified by the state every three years . Except to recommend more armed guards , the commission did not address gun access or control .
Republican Gov . Asa Hutchinson , who formed the commission following the school shooting earlier this year in Parkland , Florida , supported the panel 's 19 recommendations . Hutchinson said increasing armed officers and improving mental health services for students were two issues he found `` exceptionally important . ''
But he provided few specifics on cost . He said many of the recommendations do not require additional funding , but the state will likely look at ways to provide financial aid for more armed officers and increased mental health services .
Beyond official armed school officers , the commission suggests `` hardening '' schools in other ways , like `` using current or retired officers or deputies as substitute teachers '' and increasing officers ' `` traffic and visibility on campus . ''
Hutchinson said teachers will not be required to carry guns , but emphasized that each school needs at least one-armed person on staff .
The panel also suggested increasing mental health resources for students and noted that a recent report by the Centers for Disease Control indicated Arkansas students lead the nation in a host of high risk categories , such as bullying , sexual violence , and suicide attempts .
Hutchinson said improving students ' mental health is a priority when studying school safety incidents .
`` Not all , but many , are accompanied by incidences of mental health issues and it 's important that in our schools , that you have mental health counselors that are available for the students , '' he said .
The report also suggested altering school infrastructure to increase security through measures like installing bullet resistant glass and providing safe rooms .
Hutchinson said that while there will be some leeway for districts implementing the recommendations , some changes will be required .
The panel is composed of 18 law enforcement and school officials , mental health professionals and parents . In its report , the commission said it has consulted with `` subject-matter experts , school resource officers , school administrators , school board members , teachers , law enforcement executives and the general public , '' and visited Arkansas schools .
Its final report is due November 30 .
___
Follow Hannah Grabenstein on Twitter at www.twitter.com/hgrabenstein
AMSTERDAM , April 5 PPG Industries , the U.S. paints and coating makers that is trying to buy smaller Dutch peer Akzo Nobel , said on Wednesday it was ready to address various non-financial objections Akzo had raised about PPG 's offer .
On Tuesday , Akzo repeated its opposition to PPG 's 24.5 billion euro ( $ 26.1 billion ) offer , saying it would face antitrust difficulties and would be bad for employees . . A large number of Akzo shareholders have urged the management to enter discussions .
In a statement on Wednesday , PPG said it would address Akzo 's concerns , including commitments to research and development , employment terms , location of divisional headquarters , community investment and sustainability targets .
`` We once again invite AkzoNobel to meet with us ... We are prepared to address all of AkzoNobel 's concerns in a collaborative and substantive manner , '' PPG Michael McGarry said in a statement .
( Reporting by Toby Sterling ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
KUALA LUMPUR , March 30 Maybank Islamic Bhd , the Islamic unit of Malaysia 's largest bank , is turning to what it considers its home markets for growth , in particularly Indonesia where it manages $ 2 billion worth of assets and is aiming to compete head-on with domestic Islamic banks .
The bank could grow beyond its core markets of Malaysia , Singapore and Indonesia , but expansion in other markets would be opportunistic , chief executive officer Mohamed Rafique Merican told Reuters .
He said that the bank will focus on domestic growth in the three core markets `` while drawing liquidity and funding from opportunistic markets such as the Middle East , Turkey , and other ASEAN markets ... such as Brunei and the Philippines '' .
Presently , Maybank Islamic has not tapped the Philippines market although its parent , Malayan Banking Bhd ( Maybank ) already has a presence there .
`` We expect ASEAN 's growth will generate significant demand for sharia-compliant products and services especially within the core economies of Indonesia and Malaysia in which we are present and are leaders in this industry , '' he added .
Indonesia remains a key market for the bank , after Malaysia which accounts for 90 percent of the bank 's business .
`` We see quite a number of positive developments for the sharia banking industry there , '' Rafique said , noting that the Indonesian government intends to grow Islamic assets in the banking industry from a five percent share to about 15 percent .
`` We already have representation there , and we feel that we have a compelling proposition , so we would want to have the ability to compete as if we are a local player , '' Rafique said .
As part of wider integration efforts through the ASEAN banking integration framework ( ABIF ) , Indonesia and Malaysia have agreed in August to give their banks greater access to each other 's markets .
The move would give Malaysia 's Islamic banks a potential lead to tap into the world 's biggest Muslim-majority country , and one that continues to restrict to foreign lenders .
Rafique said the bank has also had discussions with regulators around ASEAN , who are keen to promote Islamic banking products in specific regions where the communities are largely Muslim .
In Malaysia , Islamic banking assets made up 23 percent of the total industry assets at end-2016 . Maybank Islamic leads with a 30 percent market share .
The bank also takes top spot globally as a ringgit-denominated sukuk issuer , with a global market share of 27 percent . It has a 13 percent global market share of all sukuk issuance .
`` ( As our ) outlook for 2017 is better , growth should be stronger , like in the years prior to 2016 , '' Rafique said . Maybank Islamic saw total financing growth of 20 percent in 2015 .
( Reporting by Liz Lee ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON ( CBSMiami/CNN ) – One of the most high-profile and controversial Senate races in recent memory will finally have a winner on Tuesday .
The race to the finish for Alabama 's special Senate election was a tale of two campaigns on Sunday , with Democratic candidate Doug Jones barnstorming the state while his Republican opponent , Roy Moore , largely stayed quiet .
Jones capped a busy day with remarks at Progressive Union Missionary Baptist Church in Huntsville , saying he believed the women who have accused Moore of pursuing relationships when they were teens and he was in his 30s . Those allegations include accusations that Moore sexually abused a 14-year-old and sexually assaulted a 16-year-old . Moore has repeatedly denied the allegations .
“ Just like Senator Shelby today , I believe those women in Etowah County , ” Jones said , referring to Alabama GOP Sen. Richard Shelby 's remarks Sunday morning slamming Moore on CNN 's “ State of the Union. ” “ It is just like Senator Shelby said today . When there is smoke there is fire , and there 's some fire in there .
“ And let me tell ya , I am so proud of those women , and so many others , because , from the very beginning , we have talked about women 's issues that are important for the women of this state , ” Jones said . “ It is something because I have got a mother that 's 86 years old , I 've got a strong wife , I 've got a daughter and I 've got two granddaughters . And those issues are important to me because they hit home to me . And I want to make sure that when my granddaughters grow up , they do n't have to endure the kind of thing that those girls in Etowah County did and then sit silent for 30 or 40 years . I want to make sure that we send a message of who we are and what we are , because we are much better than that . ”
Moore stayed off the campaign trail , but TV viewers did hear from him through a pre-taped interview on “ The Voice of Alabama Politics ” show Sunday morning , in which he again denied the allegations against him .
“ I did not know them , ” Moore said of his accusers . “ I had no encounter with them . I never molested anyone , and for them to say that , I do n't know why they 're saying it , but it 's not true . ”
Jones took note of Moore 's lack of campaign appearances .
“ Folks , he is in hiding , ” Jones said in Huntsville on Sunday night . “ I want you to think about something . You have all seen me up here . I have been up here a bunch . I have been in Selma . I have been in Mobile . I 've been in shows , I 've been in Birmingham , I 've been in Cullman . Let me ask you this question : What are you going to think about a United States Senator that stays in hiding . He wo n't even talk to the media . He wo n't come talk to his constituents . Y'all had enough with federal officials up here . He wo n't do town hall meetings . We need somebody to meet folks . ”
On Saturday and Sunday , New Jersey Democratic Sen. Cory Booker appeared with Jones in Montgomery and Birmingham to stump for the candidate , who is seeking to galvanize African-American and other Democratic voters to go to the polls on Tuesday .
“ We have got to find a way to come together , and we need leaders that are not going to divide us , and separate us , and cut us up , and dissect us , and stand in judgment over some , and lord over others , ” Booker said at a canvass kick-off in Birmingham on Sunday . “ We need someone that is going to remind us of the calling of patriotism , the calling to love , and so this is the moment now . There are consequential moments in our American history , and this is one of them .
“ Will we now raise up the echoes and let people know that democracy is not a spectator sport ? ” Booker continued . “ You ca n't sit on the sidelines and cheer for teams to win . You got to get into the game . It is a full-contact , participatory endeavor . We got to remind people that the opposite of justice is not injustice . It is inaction , indifference , it is silence . We 've got to remind people faith without works is dead , ”
The New Jersey Democrat also tweeted out his support for Jones on Sunday .
“ With @ GDouglasJones , visiting churches in Birmingham this morning , ” Booker wrote . “ So grateful for the rousing greeting we are receiving at every church . The energy is so uplifting . Alabama votes on Tuesday . ”
Former Massachusetts Democratic Gov . Deval Patrick also appeared with Jones over the weekend at Outside Brown Chapel AME Church in Selma .
Moore has gained the endorsement of President Donald Trump , who recorded a robocall in an attempt to boost the former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice 's chances in what has become a photo-finish race .
“ We need Roy voting for us , ” Trump says in the call . “ I am stopping illegal immigration and crime . We 're building a stronger military and protecting the Second Amendment and our pro-life values . But if Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones , all of our progress will be stopped cold . We already know Democrat Doug Jones is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer , and he will vote with the Washington liberals every single time . ”
Former President Barack Obama is adding his voice to the Alabama Senate race , imploring voters to go to the polls Tuesday to reject the candidacy of Roy Moore as part of an aggressive effort by Democrats to try and counter President Donald Trump 's full-throated endorsement of the controversial Republican candidate .
“ This one 's serious , ” Obama says in the call . “ You ca n't sit it out . ”
Two Democratic officials familiar with the Alabama race tell CNN that Obama recorded the phone message in recent days , at the very time Trump stepped up his own involvement in the campaign with a recorded message . Obama does not mention Moore by name .
“ Doug Jones is a fighter for equality , for progress , ” Obama says . “ Doug will be our champion for justice . So get out and vote , Alabama . ”
Obama 's message to voters — intended to specifically reach black voters whose turnout is critical for Democratic candidate Jones — comes on the eve of a special election that has drawn extraordinary national attention and divided the Republican Party over whether sexual allegations against Moore make him unfit for office .
It 's an open question whether Obama or Trump can wield any influence on the race , but the dueling presidential messages underscore the fiercely competitive nature of the Senate contest that has taken on outsized proportions .
Moore is also facing opposition from high-profile Republicans over the allegations against him , including Shelby , who said on CNN 's “ State of the Union ” Sunday morning that he could n't and did n't vote for Moore , choosing a write-in candidate instead .
“ ( W ) e call it a tipping point , ” Shelby told anchor Jake Tapper . “ I think , so many accusations , so many cuts , so many drips , drip , drip — when it got to the 14-year-old 's story , that was enough for me . I said I ca n't vote for Roy Moore . ”
A senior Jones campaign official told CNN on Sunday that the campaign will roll out a statewide robocall Monday quoting Shelby 's emphatic criticisms of Moore on the program .
( © Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company , contributed to this report )
April 13 Cherokee Global Brands
* Cherokee Global Brands announces delay in the release of its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 financial results
* Cherokee Global Brands - financial statements required to include results of assets acquired from Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings
* Currently expects to file form 10-k on or before extended deadline of April 28 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Prince William could n't be `` prouder '' of England after they won the penalty shootout against Colombia in the World Cup tournament in Moscow on Tuesday ( 07.03.18 ) .
The 36-year-old royal - who is the president of the Football Association - has praised the squad for their victory in last night 's tense game after they managed to squeeze through to the next round of the competition when Eric Dier scored the winning shot .
In a tweet signed off by William posted on the official Kensington Palace page , he said : `` I could n't be prouder of # England- a victory in a penalty shootout ! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the # worldcup and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday ! Come on England ! ''
And William was n't the only celebrity to jump on the social networking site to praise the efforts of the team as Russell Brand joked that he 'd just `` vomited '' in his mouth a little bit after the opposition 's goalkeeper failed to save Dier 's miracle shot .
The 43-year-old comedian said : `` I 'm naked . I 'm crying . I just vomited a bit of tea . England . # WorldCup # ENGCOL # ENG ( sic ) ''
He then went on to honour England 's manager Gareth Southgate , writing : `` Voldemort is dead ! The voodoo is undone ! The hex is broke ! All hail Garry Potter !
# ENGCOL # WorldCup # eng ( sic ) ''
England fans were left sat on the edge of their seats during last night 's nail-biting game after Harry Kane scored the first goal just minutes into the second half after Carlos Sanchez fouled the England captain during a free-kick .
England looked set to be sailing through the quarter finals of the World Cup as the game went to extra time but the players were left devastated when Colombia 's Yerry Mina managed to score the equaliser two minutes from the whistle being blown .
However , Kane 's team did the nation proud when they won the penalty shootout with 4-3 - only the second time they 've won a shootout at a major tournament since the Euro 1996 when they went up against Spain - meaning they 're now in the quarter finals , the first time since 2006 , and are set to play Sweden on Saturday ( 07.07.18 ) .
FILE PHOTO : Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park , Melbourne , Australia - 28/1/17 Serena Williams of the U.S. hits a shot during her Women 's singles final match against Venus Williams of the U.S. . REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
MELBOURNE Motherhood may do little to slow Serena Williams 's pursuit of grand slam success but more hungry opponents , if they emerge , could yet deny her the all-time singles record , the woman who holds that distinction told Reuters .
Australian great Margaret Court won 24 grand slam singles titles , one ahead of American Williams , who confirmed she was pregnant on Wednesday and will sit out the rest of the season .
Court , 74 , who straddled the sport 's amateur and professional eras , was also the first mother to win a major as a professional . She took three of those titles in 1973 , the year after giving birth to her first child Daniel .
But she rejoined the tour at 31 while Williams would be 36 if she came back as planned in 2018 , a difference Court thought might play a role .
`` Coming back after Daniel I had one of my best years ... ( but ) I was quite a few years younger ( than Serena ) , '' Court told Reuters in an interview on Thursday .
`` And I think you 've got to know physically what you can do and how you can do it . You put the baby first and that to me was everything at the time . But we 're all different . ''
The only other mothers to win slams in the Open era are Court 's compatriot Evonne Goolagong and Belgian Kim Clijsters who were both 26 when they came back .
`` I do n't know ( if Serena can win another ) ... It will depend on whether she still feels like doing it . It 'll depend on her , '' Court said . `` It depends on who 's coming through , too . ''
'THERE 'S NOT THE DEPTH '
On that point , Court felt women 's tennis could still be at Williams 's mercy , given no players had emerged to provide a sustained challenge to the American 's dominance .
`` There 's not the depth in the women 's game like there is in the men 's . It 's not good for women 's tennis which is a shame , '' she said .
`` It 's like they have one win and they think 'well , that 's it . ' They 're made . It 's a bit sad in many ways .
`` It was more open in my years with Billie Jean King , ( Martina ) Navratilova and ( Chris ) Evert-Lloyd . ''
Williams 's `` 20 weeks '' caption in a social media post on Wednesday suggested she was two months ' pregnant when she won her 23rd grand slam at this year 's Australian Open .
Court was also well into her term with Daniel when she lost the 1971 Wimbledon final to Goolagong . But she had no idea .
`` Our first child was with me on the centre court . My coordination , my timing was all out and I thought : ‘ what 's wrong with me ? '
`` Balls were dropping in and I was letting them go . Nobody knew . I went to the doctor and then I found out . ''
Court promptly stopped playing and was initially unsure if she would return .
But after giving birth , the former world number one 's mind was made up and she began jogging around a park near her house with a pram to get fit .
Court and her husband Barry juggled baby Daniel alone , and he was often wailing in the grandstands during matches .
That situates her a world away from the comeback that , in the age of social media and multi-million dollar celebrity endorsements , would await Williams as a playing mother .
`` It was nothing like they have today . They 've got the money to do it , '' Court said of modern players with children .
`` They could have their own planes . But we coped very well . ''
Marketing experts have said Williams 's pregnancy will boost her commercial appeal and open up lucrative avenues into maternal-wear and baby clothes .
Court chuckled at the idea . `` We did n't have that , '' she said .
`` I remember I 'd signed a contract with Yamaha and it was on all the billboards in America and they had to take them down because I could n't play ( due to pregnancy ) . Different times .
`` But players are very blessed in these times and they should appreciate what 's been built before them . I do n't think they should ever forget that . ''
( The story fixes typo in first paragraph )
( editing by John Stonestreet )
Nauru criticized for banning Australian state broadcaster
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) — Nauru has been accused of restricting press freedom by banning an Australian state-owned broadcaster from attending an international forum that the tiny Pacific atoll-nation will host in September .
Australians have a particular interest in Nauru because their government pays the impoverished nation of fewer than 10,000 people to house asylum seekers who attempt to reach Australia by boat . The United Nations and human rights groups have criticized the arrangement as well as the conditions that asylum seekers endure there .
Australia 's Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery , Canberra 's equivalent of the White House press corps , on Wednesday threatened to boycott the Pacific Islands Forum leaders ' summit on Nauru unless Australian Broadcasting Corp. was allowed to attend .
`` The decision by the government of Nauru to pick and choose the journalists who cover the Pacific Islands Forum is an appalling restriction on press freedom , '' the gallery 's president David Crowe said in a statement .
Nauru had announced the ban on Monday , citing among its reasons the Australian Broadcasting Corp. 's `` blatant interference in Nauru 's domestic politics '' and `` continued biased and false reporting about our country . ''
ABC director Gaven Morris said in a statement the Nauru government should not be allowed to dictate which Australian media attend the summit , which is held annually in different member nations .
Nauru described Morris 's statement as arrogant and disrespectful and said press freedom had not been restricted .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , who will represent the largest of the 18 Pacific nations in the forum , supported the Nauru government 's right to ban the ABC .
`` It 'll be regrettable not having ( Australian ) media at the Pacific Islands Forum , but we must respect Nauru 's sovereignty to determine who comes into their country . We support press freedom , but it is a matter for Nauru , '' Turnbull tweeted .
The New Zealand Parliament Press Gallery has condemned the ABC ban as `` a clear violation of freedom of expression . ''
Australian opposition leader Bill Shorten said he was disappointed to see Turnbull `` run up the white flag '' and that Australia 's public broadcaster should be allowed to report on Turnbull 's activities overseas .
Damien Kingsbury , a Deakin University expert on international politics , said the asylum seekers kept on Nauru were at the core of the dispute .
`` The ABC has been pretty forthright in its critical reporting of the asylum seeker issue in relation to Nauru and this is an extension of that , '' Kingsbury said .
`` Clearly the Australian government does n't want to annoy the government of Nauru , '' he added .
The United States has promised to resettle up to 1,250 refugees that Australia has banished to Nauru and the poor South Pacific island nation of Papua New Guinea .
French car parts supplier Faurecia 's logo is seen during the company 's investor day in Paris , France , April 19 , 2016 . REUTERS/Charles Platiau
BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators scrapped on Friday an investigation into Faurecia ( EPED.PA ) , Germany 's Eberspaecher Group and TenneCo ( TEN.N ) of the United States , three years after raiding the auto suppliers and others on suspicion of anti-competitive practices .
The auto industry has been hit with multi-million euro fines by regulators worldwide in recent years for fixing prices of products including thermal systems , seatbelts , radiators , windscreen wipers , ball bearings and car air conditioning .
The European Commission said at the time of the raids in March 2014 they were concerned the companies may have operated a cartel and abused their dominance in the market for exhaust systems .
It did not name the companies . However French auto parts maker Faurecia , which is 46.6 percent owned by French carmaker PSA Group ( PEUP.PA ) , TenneCo and Eberspaecher all confirmed they had been raided .
The EU competition enforcer said the case had been administratively closed without providing details . It can fine companies up to 10 percent of their global turnover for breaching the bloc 's rules .
TenneCo said it a separate statement it had been notified by the European Commission that the inquiry was closed .
Other investigations are ongoing into auto supplies markets including airbags , steering wheels and capacitors .
( Reporting by Foo Yun Chee ; Editing by Mark Potter )
WASHINGTON , April 6 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday about a poison gas attack in Syria that the United States has blamed on the Russia-backed Syrian government , a senior State Department official said on Thursday .
The discussion came days before Tillerson goes to Moscow for talks with Russian officials expected to focus on the Syrian civil war and Russia 's backing of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
`` We sought the Russian analysis or readout of what they thought had happened '' in the poison gas attack , the official said on condition of anonymity . ( Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
‘ A Better Chance ' for students at Wilton High School
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Pat Tomlinson / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Leah Cundiff , Nadia Voravolya , Bianca Juca , Kiri Clancy and Isabelle Szabo at the Wilton ABC home for girls on Thursday , May 24 , 2018 . Leah Cundiff , Nadia Voravolya , Bianca Juca , Kiri Clancy and Isabelle Szabo at the Wilton ABC home for girls on Thursday , May 24 , 2018 . Photo : Pat Tomlinson / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 2 of 4 Michelle Perri , the host mother for the Wilton ABC house for girls , congratulates Leah Cundiff over dinner for a commendation she received in her freshman Latin course at Wilton High School . Michelle Perri , the host mother for the Wilton ABC house for girls , congratulates Leah Cundiff over dinner for a commendation she received in her freshman Latin course at Wilton High School . Photo : Pat Tomlinson / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 3 of 4 The ABC home houses six girls from inner-city areas as they attend Wilton High School . The candidates are selected from around New England for their academic prowess . The ABC home houses six girls from inner-city areas as they attend Wilton High School . The candidates are selected from around New England for their academic prowess . Photo : Pat Tomlinson / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 4 of 4 ‘ A Better Chance ' for students at Wilton High School 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
WILTON — Six high-achieving students left their homes in late August and relocated to Wilton as part of a prestigious academic program . Each teen left behind friends , family and the comforts of home to attend Wilton High School , one of the top-rated schools in the region .
Behind each student was a hope for a brighter future . It was dreams of one day attending her hometown University of Pennsylvania that brought sophomore Nadia Voravolya from Philadelphia to Wilton 's A Better Chance house , while junior Bianca Juca 's wish to one day start a cosmetology business brought her from Queens , New York .
“ ABC students definitely have an advantage when it comes to getting into college . And UPenn is really tough to get into , so this could be the difference and what gives me an edge , ” Voravolya said .
Each teen was selected for proving academic prowess in underperforming school districts around the nation . But high school can be an emotional roller coaster for even the most diligent student , and these teens , who had been selected for the program from across New England , found themselves in a strange , new community with no pre-existing support system .
“ Honestly , it was a pretty hard transition at first , ” said freshman Isabelle Szabo , who is originally from Brooklyn , New York .
Making new friends had never been easy , Szabo said . However , the fear that she would n't make any new friends subsided as soon as she met her housemates .
“ They have been very welcoming to me , so it was n't all that hard after a while . It probably would have been harder without everyone else in the house . We did n't know each other that well at first , but after a while we 've become a pretty tight family . We 're like sisters here , ” she said .
Underclassmen like Szabo quickly found themselves under the wing of older students Juca and Yanny Garcia , who have both been in the Wilton program for three years .
“ We 're kind of known as the leaders of the house , so Yanny and I are supposed to take care of any problems , any adjustment issues for the new girls , helping with rooms , the chores , dinner and all this kind of things , ” Juca said .
Juca remembers when she first came to Wilton from the city , and how hard it was to get used to the shift in environment . She said she keeps those memories in mind when interacting with the new kids in the house .
“ We all came here for the same reasons , so we 're in the same boat . We 've all had similar experiences that we can share with one another , so we kind of learn and grow together , ” she said .
Each afternoon , the six students get home from school and have a few hours to themselves . Around 6 p.m. , they have a sit-down dinner with each other and their host family , Michelle and Michael Perri , which is proceeded by an hour or so of studying and chores around the house .
The students said that this family dynamic has allowed them to not only excel in class , but also to flourish in new endeavors .
Inspired by the new environment , sophomore Kiri Clancy found herself joining the yearbook club — something she admits she never would 've done at home . For freshman Leah Cundiff , that meant trying out for the girl 's lacrosse team despite never playing the sport before , while Szabo picked up a new sport in softball too .
“ I guess when you 're in new place and surrounded by people with different interests , you 're more willing to try something new . If I keep practicing and working at lacrosse , I think I might try playing again next year too , ” Cundiff said .
“ These girls are what this program is all about . It 's about bringing students from different religions , backgrounds and life experiences to a place where they can realize their potential , ” said John Klein , the Wilton ABC president .
ABC is a nationwide program . ABC of Wilton was founded in 1996 to offer students ‘ a better chance ' by placing them in an environment that encourages academic excellence , improves their college acceptance chances and creates the foundation for an improved future . It has sent alumni to esteemed programs including Princeton University , Brown University , Harvard Business School and Duke University .
Wilton 's ABC program , which supports a boys and girls house in town , is made possible largely through town volunteers and private donations . To learn more about volunteering for or donating , go to www.abcwilton.org/support/ .
Frances Bean Cobain feared for her life when a plane she was on caught fire .
The 25-year-old model - who is the daughter of the late Kurt Cobain and Courtney love - has taken to social media to speak about her near death experience last month , which has `` altered everything '' she believed in , although she has tried to `` avoid '' talking about the incident .
The brunette beauty has shared a string of images of the damaged aeroplane , which was on route to Los Angeles from France , on her Instagram account to explain her feelings during the mid-air accident .
She captioned the post : `` I 've avoided talking about this because telling strangers struck me as a fruitless endeavor . But enough time has gone by to where I 've sat with what this experience should mean on the grand scale of living my day-to-day life . So here it goes : A week ago on September 30th I boarded Air France flight A380 ( the irony being I changed my previously booked flight to this one that very day , so I could get home earlier . ) This would act as the moment that would alter everything I thought I knew . I have woken up everyday for the past week just grateful to wake up . When I felt the plane tilt , saw the wing directly in front of me catch fire , and basically came to grips with my own mortality I made a deal with myself . ( sic ) . ''
And the California-born star has revealed after surviving what could have been a fatal accident , she has `` promised '' herself not to try and `` escape the moments of [ her ] life '' , and not `` indulge '' in certain clichÃ©s , but she has vowed to tell those close to her how much they mean to her .
Her heartfelt post continued : `` I promised myself that if I made it through , that I would no longer try to escape the moments of my life . I would no longer indulge in societal cliches & I would let the people I love know how much I love them everyday . Thinking I would never see my mom or my boyfriend or my grams or my pets or my friends again , sparked a renaissance of the soul / mind / body / spirit . ( sic ) . ''
Frances now considers `` every moment '' in her life as `` truly precious '' , and she refuses to let her `` crippling anxieties '' impact on her .
She concluded : `` So I 've entered the phase of my life where every moment is truly precious . All the mundane `` crippling '' anxieties I once let dictate how I functioned have dissipated . I was jolted awake and awake is where I need to stay in order to live authentically . As cheeseball as that sounds . It resonates at true . To me . As you were - FBC ( sic ) . ''
São Paulo Chinese companies are interested in acquiring large engineering groups in Brazil and would like to take part in government auctions for the rights to build and operate commercial railways , Charles Tang , the head of the Brazil-China Chamber of Commerce , told Reuters on Wednesday .
Tang said Chinese firms prospecting in the Brazilian market are also willing to finance projects , a competitive advantage over local groups as the deepest recession on record has reduced local credit lines and made them more expensive .
Chinese companies `` want to build and finance construction projects , '' said Tang . `` They have asked me to help them find suitable targets , ( such as ) builders who are not involved in the 'Car Wash ' probe . ''
Nearly all of Brazil 's large engineering groups are being investigated amid allegations of their participation in Brazil 's sweeping bribery probe , dubbed `` Operation Car Wash . ''
Among the projects the Chinese would be interested in are the railways Ferrovia da Integração ( Fiol ) and Ferrogrão . These projects combined would require around 13 billion reais ( $ 4.18 billion ) in investment .
The Fiol railway is set to link distant areas in the country 's northeast to a port off the Bahia state coast . The Ferrogrão project is basically aimed at expanding transport alternatives for grains produced in Mato Grosso , Brazil 's top soy-producing state , to ports up north in Pará state .
Tang said companies such as China Railway Engineering Corporation ( CREC10 ) and China Communications Construction Company ( CCCC ) ( 601800.SS ) could be interested in these projects .
`` In the past , Chinese firms would never be able to enter Brazilian infrastructure projects , because the large local engineering groups were dominant . But today those groups are in the Car Wash , projects have been abandoned and need capital . Everything is cheap , '' he said .
There is also interest from China in Brazilian agriculture and oil exploration , Tang added .
Chinese investors are closely watching the discussions regarding foreign land ownership in Brazil . Currently , there are strong limitations regarding land purchases by foreign companies , but the government is evaluating making the rules more flexible .
( Writing by Marcelo Teixeira , editing by G Crosse )
* Trump 's low-rate comments send yields to near five-month lows * Geopolitical concerns underpin safe-haven demand for bonds * U.S. yield curve moves to the flattest level since November * Benchmark yield on track the steepest weekly drop since July By Richard Leong NEW YORK , April 13 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Thursday , with benchmark yields hitting near five-month lows as U.S. President Donald Trump 's favorable view of low interest rates intensified this week 's bond market rally that was underpinned by geopolitical worries . Trump 's rate view appeared in a Wall Street Journal interview published late Wednesday , in which he also said he likes and respects Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , whose term ends in 2018 , although he was critical of her during his presidential campaign . `` There has been this flight-to-safety for bonds with a lot of geopolitical risks . Then you have comments from Trump in favor of low rates and now he might keep Yellen , '' said Larry Milstein , head of U.S. government and agency trading at R.W . Pressprich & Co. in New York . The yield on 10-year Treasury notes was on track for its biggest weekly decline since July 2016 , while the gap between two-year and 10-year yields contracted to its tightest since Nov. 9 after Trump 's presidential win . Trump 's comments on interest rates and Yellen , as well as his comment that the dollar was too strong , came as his administration sought to deal with its involvement in the civil war in Syria and with North Korea 's nuclear weapons program . Investors have also been worried about the tight French presidential election on April 23 . Opinion polls raised concerns that hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen , who are both anti-EU , could end up in a runoff next month . Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were down over 3 basis points at 2.261 percent after hitting 2.218 percent earlier Thursday , which was the lowest since Nov. 17 . The 30-year bond yield was down over 2 basis points at 2.907 percent after falling to 2.870 percent , a level last traded on Nov. 10 . The U.S. bond market will shut early at 2 p.m. EDT ( 1800 GMT ) ahead of the market holiday on Good Friday . April 13 Thursday 9:45AM New York / 1345 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 153-17/32 0-17/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-220/256 0-100/25 6 Price Current Net Yield % Change ( bps ) Three-month bills 0.8 0.8127 -0.002 Six-month bills 0.9125 0.9294 -0.013 Two-year note 100-16/256 1.2174 -0.021 Three-year note 100-54/256 1.4278 -0.035 Five-year note 100-104/256 1.7888 -0.041 Seven-year note 100-92/256 2.0692 -0.044 10-year note 99-228/256 2.2623 -0.034 30-year bond 101-216/256 2.907 -0.023 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last ( bps ) Net Change ( bps ) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 32.50 0.50 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 25.75 0.75 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 10.75 0.25 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -3.50 0.25 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.50 0.00 spread ( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
March 30 Electra Private Equity Plc -
* Epiris agrees the sale of treetops nurseries
* Agreed sale of treetops nurseries ( `` treetops '' ) , UK 's fourth largest nursery education operator , to busy bees
* Transaction is anticipated to close in April
* Expected to receive proceeds from sale of 93 million pounds , an uplift of 44 million pounds or 91 pct
* Sale proceeds also equivalent to an increase in its NAV of 107 pence per share on valuation of investment at Sept. 30 2016
* Equates to a return of 6.5x cost and an IRR of 59 pct Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Adds details , background )
MADRID , April 3 Banco Popular 's chief executive Pedro Larena is to step down , the Spanish bank said on Monday , marking the group 's third leadership shake-up since last July .
Banco Popular said in a statement that Larena would leave for strictly personal reasons and would continue in his role until the bank named a replacement .
Larena had joined Popular in September after the previous CEO Francisco Gomez was fired in July after shareholders rebelled over lack of progress in turning around the bank 's performance .
Popular has been trying to clean up its balance sheet which is weighed down with billions of euros of toxic real estate assets .
Earlier on Monday , Popular said an internal audit had found the need for adjustments to the previous year 's accounts . These would be included in its results for the first half of 2017 .
Popular said the adjustments would not affect its financial statements in a `` significant way '' and they would have a small impact on its 2016 accounts but they would affect its capital .
Popular 's shares fell sharply and were down 8 percent by 1500 GMT .
Popular has been the worst performer in the European STOXX Europe 600 banking sector index in the last six months and is down 60 percent over the past year .
Larena had been considering stepping down for weeks after he lost influence to Miguel Escrig , Telefonica 's former chief financial officer who was picked as the right hand man of the new chairman Emilio Saracho , Expansion newspaper reported on Monday , citing anonymous sources .
A Banco Popular spokesman declined to comment on the report .
Last December , Popular replaced former Chairman Angel Ron with Saracho as it tried to get the bank 's turnaround on track .
Popular posted a record 3.5-billion-euro ( $ 3.74 billion ) loss in 2016 . Its non-performing property loan book also eroded its capital position and cast doubt over its financial targets .
Larena previously was Deutsche Bank 's head of international retail banking .
( $ 1 = 0.9368 euros ) ( Reporting By Jesús Aguado ; Editing by Angus Berwick and Jane Merriman )
April 13 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Headlines
* Real wages grow at slowest rate since 2014 on.ft.com/2o7mQGO
* The Largest UK gas storage base shut to new supplies for a year on.ft.com/2o7AQAt
* Broadband providers told to improve customer service on.ft.com/2o7rEvJ
Overview
* Real wages in Britain grew at the slowest rate since 2014 during the three months ending in February , according to Labour market data published by the Office for National Statistics .
* Britain 's largest natural gas storage site will not be available for new supplies for about another year . Centrica Plc , the owner of British Gas , said on Wednesday that its Rough storage facility at Yorkshire coast would not be receiving new gas injections until May 2018 because of concerns about the integrity of its aging wells .
* Britain 's broadband internet companies must hugely raise the bar of their customer service , the regulator Ofcom has warned , after revealing that some providers had deliberately made their service worse in 2016 . ( Compiled by Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru ; Editing by Bill Trott )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
* Mylan had hoped for generic approval by March 28
* Hikma seeks okay for competing generic by May 10
* GlaxoSmithKline shares gain , while Hikma falls
By Ben Hirschler
LONDON , March 29 GlaxoSmithKline shares gained on Wednesday as lack of news about U.S. approval of a generic copy of its blockbuster inhaled lung drug Advair buoyed speculation that a threat to profits might be delayed .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) had been due to decide by March 28 whether to approve the first substitutable generic copy of the two-part drug for asthma and chronic lung disease , made by generics firm Mylan .
In the event , neither the FDA nor Mylan made any statement .
`` It is possible Mylan might still make an announcement when the U.S. market opens , but I do n't think anybody would be surprised if the review period for their product is extended , '' said Deutsche Bank analyst Richard Parkes .
GSK shares were 0.5 percent higher by 0755 GMT , outperforming a flat European drugs sector .
Options trading in Mylan had been busy on Tuesday , although many investors appeared to believe Mylan was unlikely to win a green light this week .
Mylan 's version of Advair would be the first complex inhaled combination generic product to be approved by the U.S. agency and a number of analysts believe the likelihood of an on-time approval is therefore quite low .
`` With such a commercially important decision it was always likely that the approval process was n't going to be straightforward , '' said Trinity Delta analyst Mick Cooper .
A second generic version of Advair from Hikma Pharmaceuticals is also awaiting an FDA approval decision by May 10 . Hikma shares fell around 1 percent .
Dealing with the threat of competition to Advair , which has generated more than $ 1 billion in annual sales since 2001 , is the first big challenge facing GSK 's new chief executive , Emma Walmsley , who takes over at the end of this month .
GSK has told the market that core earnings per share , in constant currencies , will be flat to slightly lower in 2017 , if substitutable Advair generics arrive in the United States by mid-year . If they do n't launch , EPS should rise between 5 and 7 percent .
If generics do arrive by mid-2017 , the company has forecast Advair 's U.S. sales will be around 1 billion pounds ( $ 1.24 billion ) , down from 1.83 billion in 2016 .
GSK is not alone in worrying about generic Advair . Novartis ' generics unit Sandoz , which is further behind in developing its form of Advair , has also tried to stall generics by taking issue with FDA rules governing such copies .
( $ 1 = 0.8070 pounds ) ( Editing by Louise Heavens )
Fake Lyft driver accused of sexually assaulting passengers
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Sgt . Benningfield with APD 's Sex Crimes Unit provides media briefing regarding arrest of 45-year-old Daniel Kifle . Sgt . Benningfield with APD 's Sex Crimes Unit provides media briefing regarding arrest of 45-year-old Daniel Kifle . Fake Lyft driver accused of sexually assaulting passengers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — A former driver for a ride-hailing company Lyft faces several criminal charges after police say he sped off twice with a passenger in his vehicle .
Records show 45-year-old Daniel Kifle was booked into the Travis County Jail on Tuesday , charged with kidnapping , aggravated kidnapping and attempted sexual assault .
Austin police say the driver picked up passengers in two occasions but sped off with a passed-out passenger inside after arriving at the destination . Police say both times the man drove away after a passenger stepped out to help the unconscious friend exit .
Now Playing :
Police say Kifle was not the authorized driver at the time he picked the women up and warned riders to confirm the car they get into is the car sent by the app .
`` If you do order a vehicle off Uber or Lyft or any ride share app , just make sure that the vehicle you 're getting into matches the one assigned through the app , '' Sgt Benningfield said . `` And that the driver matches the description ... Just make sure everything adds up . ''
Police say one of the passed-out passengers awakened and found the driver trying to force his hands down her pants .
Ride-hailing company Lyft reported the rides did not happen on the company 's platform and said Kifle has been `` permanently deactivated . ''
Column : For Tiger Woods , many introductions are in order
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Files - In this Feb. 25 , 2018 , file photo , Tiger Woods , center , and 21-year-old Sam Burns , right , walk off the tee on the fifth hole during the final round of the Honda Classic golf tournament , in Palm Beach Gardens , Fla . It was the first time the 42-year-old Woods had played with someone half his age . less FILE - In this Feb. 25 , 2018 , file photo , Tiger Woods , center , and 21-year-old Sam Burns , right , walk off the tee on the fifth hole during the final round of the Honda Classic golf tournament , in Palm Beach ... more Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 2 of 4 Files - In this June 30 , 2018 , file photo , Joel Dahmen , left , and Tiger Woods walk to the sixth tee box during the third round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament , in Potomac , Md . Dahmen is one of several players Woods had never met until this year . less FILE - In this June 30 , 2018 , file photo , Joel Dahmen , left , and Tiger Woods walk to the sixth tee box during the third round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament , in Potomac , Md . Dahmen is one of ... more Photo : Nick Wass , AP Image 3 of 4 Files - In this May 12 , 2018 , file photo , Tiger Woods , left , shakes hands with Mackenzie Hughes , of Canada , on the 18th green during the third round of the Players Championship golf tournament , in Ponte Vedra Beach , Fla. Hughes is one of seven players whom Woods had never met until being paired with them this year . less FILE - In this May 12 , 2018 , file photo , Tiger Woods , left , shakes hands with Mackenzie Hughes , of Canada , on the 18th green during the third round of the Players Championship golf tournament , in Ponte Vedra ... more Photo : Lynne Sladky , AP Image 4 of 4 Columns : For Tiger Woods , many introductions are in order 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
POTOMAC , Md . ( AP ) — Tiger Woods finished the Quicken Loans National with a 66 and was on his way to discuss his performance with the media when he was asked to stop for a few pictures .
That 's not unusual .
Except on this occasion , the request came from the guy who had just signed his card .
`` He 's in my opinion the greatest golfer ever to play , so it was one of my best rounds I 've ever played , '' Bronson Burgoon gushed after his round of 67 .
Woods posed with Burgoon and his caddie , and then one of Burgoon 's friends stepped in for a picture .
Hold on . One more .
Burgoon 's wife came over , and Woods delivered another big smile as if they were old friends .
Woods has a lot of new friends this year .
He played the final round of the Honda Classic with Sam Burns , who was born a month before Woods made his professional debut . At the Wells Fargo Championship , he played the final round with Brandon Harkins , a 31-year-old rookie .
Woods spent Saturday on the TPC Potomac at Avenel Farm with Joel Dahmen , who also got a picture with Woods , in the scoring area away from the crowd .
`` He made his fourth birdie in a row and I could n't stop smiling , '' Dahmen said . `` That was the coolest thing ever on a golf course . ''
There are no feature groups on the weekend . Pairings are determined strictly by the score . Woods has ended up with a half-dozen players whom he had never met until being introduced on the first tee .
Actually , Dahmen said they had met before , at least in his eyes . It was at the Wells Fargo Championship , and they were in player dining when they reached the glass refrigerator at about the same time .
`` He said , 'Please , go ahead , ' when he was grabbing a Coke and I was grabbing a beer , '' Dahmen said . `` So that was the first time . ''
Woods has overcome four surgeries on his left knee and four surgeries on a back . At this rate , his next golf-related injury might be his neck from straining it as he tries to sneak a glance at golf bags to sees whose names are on it .
It 's a reminder how much turnover there has been in golf since Woods last played a full schedule five years ago . Sure , he played for the first time in 2013 with players like David Lynn , Kevin Chappell , Richard H. Lee and Robert Streb .
Different now is that Woods is bigger than ever , without winning , perhaps because his legend grew when it looked as though he might never be back . And at 42 , it 's only natural that he 'll be paired with players much younger , players who grew up watching him dominate the sport .
Being gone for what amounted to two full years kept Woods out of the loop except for being an assistant at the Ryder Cup and Presidents Cup . He knows guys in their early 20s , like Justin Thomas and Jordan Spieth and Daniel Berger .
Mackenzie Hughes ? Not so much .
The Canadian was paired with Woods on Saturday at The Players Championship . They had never met , but that was on Hughes .
`` I was sitting next to him in the locker room eating lunch , '' Hughes said . `` He was 5 feet from me , but I had no valid excuse to say , 'Hey , I 'm Mackenzie Hughes . ' So I sat there quietly and listened like a fly on the wall . ''
Inside the ropes ? That was special .
`` It 's 90 degrees , but I can assure you I had some shivers at times when you hear some of the roars and you realize , ' I 'm playing with Tiger Woods , ' '' he said .
Burgoon is in only his second full year on the PGA Tour , though he played with Spieth in the Houston Open and with Rickie Fowler two years ago in New Orleans . Nothing compared to Sunday at the TPC Potomac .
`` I 've never seen anything like it , '' Burgoon said . `` I 've played with Jordan and Rickie . They bring a crowd , but nothing ... I mean , that 's a sea of people . Unbelievable . ''
Nothing got to Woods like meeting Burns , a 21-year-old from LSU still trying to get his PGA Tour card . It was the first time Woods has played with someone who was half his age , and that was n't even the worst of it .
The most prominent player Woods knows from LSU was David Toms . Burns was teammates with Toms ' son .
`` That 's when it kind of hit that there 's been a big turnover and I 've been away from the game for a while , '' Woods said .
Burns said he could n't feel the club in his hand on the first tee , though he handled the nerves just fine . He shot 68 and beat Woods by two .
`` You see the guy on TV , you see him all over the place and you 're standing there next to him on the tee box and you 're like , 'That 's Tiger Woods , ' '' Burns said . `` We had a blast . He was super nice . I think we 're all happy to see him back playing golf . ''
Aluminium Alloy Market by Heat Sensitivity Type ( Heat Treatable Alloys , Non Heat-Treatable Alloys ) Design Type ( 2000 Series , 6000 Series , 7000 Series , 3000 Series , 4000 Series , 5000 Series ) by Application /End User ( Electrical Application , Food Packaging , Truck and Marine Frames , Aircraft Industry , Structural and Automotive , Architectural ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends and Forecast 2018–2026 .
This report studies the Aluminium Alloy Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the Aluminium Alloy Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Aluminium Alloy ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall Aluminium Alloy Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/aluminium-alloy-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
Aluminium Alloy Market : Heat Sensitivity Type
• Heat Treatable Alloys
• Non Heat-Treatable Alloys
Aluminium Alloy Market : Design Type
• 2000 Series ,
• 6000 Series
• 7000 Series
• 3000 Series
• 4000 Series
• 5000 Series
Design Type ( 2000 Series , 6000 Series , 7000 Series , 3000 Series , 4000 Series , 5000 Series )
Aluminium Alloy Market : Application
• Electrical Application
• Food Packaging
• Truck and Marine Frames
• Aircraft Industry
• Structural and Automotive Application
• Architectural Application
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/aluminium-alloy-market-report/
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
Orange Township trustees decided Monday , May 21 , to hire an attorney to scrutinize public document requests at a rate of $ 210 per hour instead of using the free services provided by the Delaware County Prosecutor 's Office .
“ My only concern is how costly he is at $ 210 an hour when we have access to the prosecutor 's office , ” said Trustee Debbie Taranto before the vote was taken on a resolution to hire attorney Brian Zets to inspect the township 's public document requests . “ Our legal fees are already extremely high . We 've created a lot of additional costs it seems this year , and I hate to see us add to that . ”
According to the resolution approved by trustees , Zets and his firm will receive $ 210 per hour for partners ' services , $ 150 per hour for services performed by an associate , and $ 85 per hour for paralegal services .
Taranto voted against the measure that was added to the trustees ' May 21 agenda by Trustee Lisa Knapp .
Both Knapp and Trustee Ryan Rivers approved the resolution to hire Zets to deal with the public document requests .
“ We 've been inundated with public records requests and also numerous issues , ” Knapp said . She added that Zets is the public records person for Washington Township and a few other places .
Fiscal Officer Joel Spitzer suggested the use of the prosecutor 's office for the document request .
“ The prosecutors are experts as well , ” he said .
Knapp said she did n't think the prosecutor 's office had the time to do the work .
“ We have over 50 public records requests , and we need to respond to those in a timely manner . I doubt the prosecutor 's office is going to have time to do that , ” she said .
According to Twp . Administrator Lee Bodnar , the township has received over 50 public document requests in the last week .
“ In the past , I 've handled public records request myself unless they are highly sensitive for which I would classify these , ” he said . “ I would prefer legal counsel , guidance and direction . ”
The Gazette was the first to make a document request two weeks ago for emails between trustees and the former assistant fiscal officer . As of Tuesday afternoon , the request still goes unfulfilled .
Knapp said she proposed hiring Zets based on the prior work he has done with the township .
Trustees approved a resolution to hire Zets in March to represent the township in a Court of Claims case brought against the township by resident Stacey Neff .
Neff filed the complaint Oct. 10 , 2017 , when she was denied public records she requested .
Bodnar said he has found Zets cooperative and easy to work with on the matter of the Court of Claims case .
Rivers said he would like to see the public records policy for the township updated .
“ I think he 's a great resource and can take a specialistic look to see where we are and in that , he provides a strong value , ” Rivers said .
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_OrangeLogo-copy-3.jpg
By D. Anthony Botkin abotkin @ aimmediamidwest.com
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902 . Follow him on Twitter @ dabotkin .
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902 . Follow him on Twitter @ dabotkin .
2 alleged members of suspected ultra-right group freed
PARIS ( AP ) — A French judicial official says a man suspected of leading an extreme-right group and an alleged group member have been freed from detention with judicial supervision .
The two were among 10 people handed preliminary charges last week for alleged participation in the group , which aimed to `` fight the Islamic peril . '' The charges include `` criminal terrorist conspiracy . ''
Six of the 10 originally were kept in custody .
The judicial official said the Paris prosecutor 's office plans to appeal Tuesday 's decision to free the group 's reported leader , identified only as Guy S. The official was n't authorized to discuss the case and could n't be named .
Police said officers found weapons and potential bomb-making equipment while arresting the men . Authorities said they feared the group planned a violent act , but had n't determined the targets .
The Department of Public Works and Highways ( DPWH ) said on Monday it has begun installing solar studs as part of its P416.28-million Iloilo Diversion Road rehabilitation project .
The 20.99-kilometer road , which stretches from Gen. Luna St. in Iloilo City proper to the Iloilo International Airport , is divided into four sections .
“ The improvement of this road allows commuters and motorists to save time and resources in the delivery of goods and services , [ and ] increasing productivity and profit , hence , boosting socioeconomic and tourism development , ” DPWH Region 6 Regional Director Wenceslao Leaño Jr. said in a statement .
According to DPWH Region 6 Construction Division Chief Ormel Santos , the solar studs would give motorists advance signals on the U-turn slots and pedestrian crossing .
“ The solar studs installed [ on the ] Iloilo Diversion Road is [ the ] first in the region , or perhaps in the central Philippines , which warns drivers to slow down or to be in their proper lane , ” Santos said .
Once all the studs are installed , the road would make traveling safer and more convenient , even at night , he added .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 ' game
SACRAMENTO ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the California Lottery 's `` Daily 4 '' game were :
0-3-6-7
( zero , three , six , seven )
¶ Ticket-holders with all four winning numbers in the order given win the top prize . Lesser amounts are also awarded to ticket-holders with other varying combinations of the winning numbers .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended .
MINNEAPOLIS — Three companies received $ 50,000 grants for winning the NFL 's annual Super Bowl startup competition designed to spur novel advancements in athlete safety and performance .
Denver-based Impressio , Inc. , RecoverX of Mountain View , California , and Toronto-based Curv.ai won the grants Saturday in a competition run by the NFL , Comcast NBCUniversal and Mayo Clinic .
Impressio uses liquid-crystal elastomers to create novel dissipative liner materials for protective equipment designed to overcome the existing challenges of energy absorption in current helmet foams .
RecoverX has designed a device that can achieve the optimum cold or hot therapy temperatures without any ice or water , designed to allow users more freedom for their therapy .
FILE PHOTO : A Zalando label lies on an item of clothing in a showroom of the fashion retailer Zalando in Berlin October 14 , 2014 . REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
BERLIN Online fashion retailer Zalando ( ZALG.DE ) is pondering opening stores in major cities such as London , Paris or Berlin , the company 's co-chief executive told Germany 's Manager Magazin .
`` We have proper fans in the metropolises who spend much time with us and order a lot , '' co-Chief Executive Rubin Ritter said in an interview published on Saturday .
`` It could be interesting for them to also experience the brand offline , '' he said .
Founded in Berlin in 2008 , Zalando has grown rapidly to become one of the German capital 's biggest employers , delivering 1,500 brands in 15 countries from huge out-of-town warehouses .
Zalando 's purchase in 2015 of the Berlin-based fashion trade fair `` Bread & Butter '' marked a first step to offer services that go beyond pure e-commerce , said Ritter , also citing Zalando 's acquisition last month of streetwear retailer Kickz .
Separately , Zalando is mulling introducing 3D printing for smaller and medium fashion labels , said Ritter , noting it would be economically beneficial to use the technology to reprint top-selling sneakers in Berlin .
( Reporting by Andreas Cremer ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
The KCD open pit gold mine , operated by Randgold , at the Kibali mining site in the Democratic Republic of Congo , May 1 , 2014 .
KINSHASA ( Reuters ) - Congo has reinstated a value added tax on mining company imports , the chamber of mines said on Saturday , part of what miners say is a deteriorating business climate in the country .
Democratic Republic of Congo 's government agreed to suspend the tax in July 2016 to help companies during a commodity price downturn , and to pay down hundreds of millions of dollars in VAT reimbursements owed to the companies .
Major mining companies in Congo include Glencore ( GLEN.L ) , Randgold Resources ( RRS.L ) and China Molybdenum ( 603993.SS ) .
Now the government is desperate to increase tax revenue in the face of severe economic problems and stubbornly low commodity prices . The franc has lost over 30 percent of its value in the past year and the central bank has about three weeks ' left of import cover .
Economic problems have been exacerbated by deep unrest across the country caused by President Joseph Kabila 's failure to arrange elections in time for when his mandate expired in December .
The decree suspending VAT was valid for one year , John Nkono , secretary general of the industry-led Chamber of Mines , told Reuters . The chamber had informed the government of the expiration date in July but has not heard back .
He added that the government owes mining companies about $ 700 million on VAT reimbursement going back several years .
In a draft letter to Finance Minister Henri Yav seen by Reuters , the president of Congo 's Chamber of Commerce , Albert Yuma , said reinstating the VAT tax would `` make the functioning of mining companies more difficult '' .
He added that companies `` need the help of the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo during this constraining period . ''
Yav could not be immediately reached for comment . The finance ministry was not available .
GREEN BAY , Wis. — Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery is listed as doubtful to play against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday because of broken ribs .
Montgomery got hurt in last week 's win over the Chicago Bears . He appeared to be wearing a flak jacket under his jersey while practicing on a limited basis this week .
Backup running back Jamaal Williams , who hurt his knee in the Bears game , was dropped from the injury report on Friday and should be available against Dallas .
Receiver Davante Adams was listed as questionable . He remains in the concussion protocol following a helmet-to-helmet hit by Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan , though he has been moving around well at practice .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday , June 15 , first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 ( halftime : 1-0 ) Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Final Liga Aguila I Monday , June 19 , second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali ( 0000 )
TURKEY 'S DEPUTY PM SIMSEK SAYS HALKBANK MAY FACE ADDITIONAL COSTS IN FOREIGN BORROWING IN MEDIUM-TERM AFTER U.S . ARREST OF EXECUTIVE
March 30 VMware
* VMware announces $ 300 million stock purchase agreement with Dell
* $ 300 million stock purchase agreement is part of company 's previously disclosed $ 1.2 billion buyback authorization through end of fiscal 2018
* VMware Inc - separately , Dell Technologies plans to use $ 300 million proceeds to repurchase Dell tracking stock for VMware , Dvmt
* VMware-Impact of stock purchase agreement on prior provided guidance for fiscal Q1 2018 , FY fiscal 2018 diluted share count not expected to be material Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LAS VEGAS — After his first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February , there were n't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves .
He arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made his presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles , both losses . The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined .
`` Ruin the whole team , yeah ? '' Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington . `` I apologize to Vegas . ''
Vegas was n't the only one he apologized to . Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while he did n't necessarily agree with the penalties , he also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build .
`` He was up front , and he took responsibility , but I said , 'Just play your game , that 's why we got you , to play your game and work hard ' and he 's been excellent ever since , '' Gallant said Tuesday . `` He does n't take penalties , he really does n't . ''
Reave believes it 's been his on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made him an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis , Pittsburgh and now Vegas , where he 's since become a crowd favourite .
`` My fights have gone down every year , '' Reaves said . `` I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months ( with Pittsburgh ) . I think there 's always going to be physical play in this league , and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that 's not hurting the team , then yeah , I think I got a spot here . ''
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history .
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in his hometown of Winnipeg , Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final . And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday , he scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead .
`` Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter , you got to be a little faster , everything is kind of magnified , '' Reaves said . `` I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure . ''
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Ariel Winter has deleted her Twitter account .
The 'Modern Family ' star says she has made the decision to `` delete all social media '' and has already started the process of wiping her online pages .
She told fans about her plans using the Instagram Story function but at the time of writing , her Instagram account is still active but when an attempt is made to access her Twitter account , the message `` Sorry , that page does n't exist ! '' is displayed .
Ariel 's decision comes only a few months after she admitted she wants to take a break from the spotlight .
She explained : `` One day you did something great , and the next day you 're like plastered as a thousand other things . It 's a really difficult industry ... I mean , we 're blessed to be in [ it ] , and be able to make content that we love and that other people love , but it 's also an industry . It is true . it builds you up , and it can tear you down just as fast ...
`` Having every little aspect of your life in the public eye , it 's really hard , because it gives more room for criticism , and I just want to live . So I think I try and stay out of it as much as possible , unless I need to be in it . I do n't really go anywhere to be seen or anything like that . I 'll go to a red carpet , if I 'm in [ the movie ] , or if I 'm supporting my boyfriend or my friends . But otherwise I usually just stay home . ''
When one has been toiling in and around major league baseball for an entire adult life and you read the words “ boycott ” and “ work stoppage ” in the same tweet by a player rep from one of the top agencies in the game , the reaction becomes a sudden shortness of breath . . . especially when it 's also Groundhog Day .
The key is : Do n't repeat your mistakes , and MLB history tells us work stoppages are always a mistake . Current issues ? The free-agent market has been ridiculously slow this winter and , related to that , a study of projected team payrolls for 30 teams in 2018 suggests the average player salary may be lower than it was in 2017 , falling for the first time since 2009 , while MLB thinks up imaginative ways to continue to create the greatest gross revenues in history .
That lack of willingness to improve rosters by paying for outside talent has raised concerns from the players ' side with the dreaded term “ collusion ” rearing its ugly head . Baseball is a copycat game , and when the Astros won the World Series after years of tanking and accumulating high draft picks , it 's easy for other ownerships to use the excuse “ Why not us ? ” Of course , that means fewer fans coming to ballparks in those cities and lower salaries for players in that organization .
It 's been noticed . Over the past few days , established players have become restless and vocal . Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen suggested players may need to strike , while A 's DH Brandon Moss pointed a finger at union chief Tony Clark , saying he has let the players down and gave away too much in the last negotiation . Then came Friday 's tweeted statement from agent Brodie Van Wagenen of CAA Sports .
“ There is a rising tide among players for radical change , ” Van Wagenen said . “ A fight is brewing . . . a boycott of spring training may be a starting point if behaviour does n't change . ”
The threatening statement came wholly on his own . It was supported by at least one fellow rep in another tweet , but also prompted an explanation from Clark and the MLBPA that even though the official reporting date for camps in Arizona and Florida is Feb. 24 and the first paycheques are not until April , a decision not to report by the players would constitute an official strike . No go .
The mere threat by someone on the players ' side brings back bad memories of the pre-1994 period of labour strife . Under the union stewardship of Marvin Miller and then Don Fehr , the players withheld their services with work stoppages eight times , including at spring training of 1972 , 1973 , 1976 , 1980 and 1990 . The two major strikes came in 1981 and 1994 — the season-ending , World Series-cancelling one .
It has been 24 years since baseball 's last work stoppage , and with everyone making ridiculous money it would be ridiculous for the sides to repeat mistakes and risk losing the game 's place on the busy entertainment/sporting landscape .
It has n't helped the peace process that — against the backdrop of stars Yu Darvish , Eric Hosmer , Jake Arrieta , Mike Moustakas and J.D . Martinez still seeking employment — MLB is heavy-handedly pushing for pace-of-play improvements , including a pitch clock and limit on mound visits , that commissioner Rob Manfred has the power to implement unilaterally if the players do not accept .
Trust me , Manfred and Clark will not be at the same Super Bowl party .
( Adds detail )
OSLO , March 31 The trial of Hexagon AB CEO Ola Rollen for insider trading in Norway is expected to last from October 30 to December 1 , the Oslo district court told Reuters on Friday .
Rollen , who denies wrongdoing , is charged with insider trading in connection with an investment in Norway 's Next Biometrics ASA in October 2015 , a transaction which did not involve Hexagon .
Rollen has led Hexagon since 2000 and turned it into one of Sweden 's biggest companies with a market value of more than 120 billion Swedish crowns ( $ 13.45 billion ) .
Rollen , who initially had considered resigning in the wake of his October arrest , has later said that he would stay in his role .
( $ 1 = 8.9239 Swedish crowns ) ( Reporting by Gwladys Fouche , editing by Terje Solsvik )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 5 Dcc Plc
* Agrees to acquire shell 's lpg business in hong kong and macau
* To acquire its liquefied petroleum gas ( `` lpg '' ) business in hong kong and macau ( `` shell hk & m '' ) based on an enterprise value of hk $ 1.165 billion ( c. £120 million )
* Acquisition is expected to complete before end of dcc 's financial year ending 31 March 2018 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By London Bureau )
TORONTO — Canadian writer and actor William ( Bill ) Whitehead has died .
HarperCollins Publishers says he died Thursday in Toronto after recently being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer . He was 86 .
Whitehead was known for his work at the CBC , where he wrote many seasons of `` The Nature of Things , '' for which he won several awards .
He was also the longtime partner of the late Canadian author Timothy Findley , with whom he collaborated on many radio and TV scripts , including the miniseries `` The National Dream : Building the Impossible Railway . ''
The two were together for over 40 years and met when the Regina-raised Whitehead was acting at the Red Barn Theatre in Jackson 's Point , north of Toronto .
When Findley died , Whitehead edited a collection of his work in `` Journeyman : Travels with a Writer , '' published in 2003 .
`` Bill was the person who made ( Findley 's ) life and art possible , creating the space that allowed ( him ) to write the works of fiction that made him one of the most beloved authors in the country , '' Iris Tupholme , senior vice-president and executive publisher of HarperCollins Publishers Ltd. , said in a statement .
`` Although ( Findley 's ) stature sometimes seemed to overshadow Bill 's contributions , Bill was a successful actor , scriptwriter and author himself . Quick with a clever turn of phrase , a telling anecdote and an actor 's skill at delivering a great punchline , Bill delighted in the world of the theatre and loved an audience . ''
In 2012 , Whitehead published the memoir `` Words to Live By , '' which was nominated for the Stephen Leacock Medal for humour .
Marc Cote , publisher of `` Words to Live By , '' said Whitehead had a `` straight-ahead approach to life . ''
April 28 Bombardier
* Jambojet selects Q400 for fleet renewal and expansion
* Converted an option on one Q400 aircraft to a firm order
* Now with two Q400 on firm order , successfully concluded leasing agreement with Jambojet limited of Kenya for both aircraft
* Says Jambojet is expected to take delivery of first leased Q400 aircraft in May 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NEW YORK , March 31 Brazilian petrochemical company Braskem SA must face the main part of a shareholder lawsuit over its role in a massive bribery scandal that engulfed Brazil 's state-owned oil company Petrobras SA , a U.S. judge has ruled .
In a decision made public on Friday , U.S. District Judge Paul Engelmayer in Manhattan said holders of Braskem 's American depositary receipts may pursue claims that the company and former Chief Executive Carlos Fadigas defrauded them by concealing how bribery enabled the company to buy naphtha from Petrobras at below-market prices .
Naphtha is a key ingredient in petrochemicals , and the complaint said Braskem bought 70 percent of its naphtha from Petrobras .
Mark Gimbel , a lawyer for Braskem and Fadigas , said in an email the company is `` committed to vigorously defending itself , '' and pleased that the judge dismissed several other claims .
Braskem 's ADR price fell 20.3 percent on March 11 , 2015 after the company was linked to bribery . The scandal arose from a probe called `` Operation Car Wash , '' and led to dozens of prosecutions .
Last December , Braskem and Brazilian construction company Odebrecht SA , which together with Petrobras owns Braskem , agreed to pay at least $ 3.5 billion to settle bribery-related charges brought by U.S. , Brazilian and Swiss regulators .
In his 55-page decision , dated March 30 , Engelmayer said Braskem was not obligated in regulatory filings to address every factor in its naphtha pricing .
He also said , however , the ADR investors properly alleged that Braskem `` cherry-picked for public consumption benign factors '' while concealing the `` elephant in the room '' : The substantial role that bribery played .
The company `` was not at liberty to selectively omit what the fairly alleges as a central determination of that price : The corrupt arrangement Braskem had struck with the Petrobras officials it bribed , '' Engelmayer wrote .
Engelmayer dismissed claims that Braskem exaggerated its ethics and corporate controls in the filings .
He also dismissed all claims against Odebrecht because it lacked enough ties to the United States to justify being sued there . The judge also threw out claims against Fadigas ' predecessor , Bernardo Gradin .
Boilermaker-Blacksmith National Pension Trust in Kansas City , Kansas is leading the lawsuit on behalf of ADR purchasers from July 15 , 2010 to March 11 , 2015 .
`` The core of the case was the naphtha pricing statements , and I am pleased to see that was upheld , '' the investors ' lawyer Steven Toll said in an interview . `` The case will go forward . ''
Michael Carlinsky , a lawyer for Odebrecht , said he was pleased his client was dismissed from the case .
The case is In re : Braskem SA Securities Litigation , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , No . 15-05132 . ( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by Steve Orlofsky )
JACKSON , Miss . — Maurice Rivers had 16 points and 11 rebounds to help Jackson State beat NAIA member Fisk 60-53 on Monday night .
Jeremiah Bozeman added 14 points for the Tigers ( 3-7 ) , who needed a 9-2 run to pull away to a 58-48 lead on Jordan Berry 's 3-pointer with 1:30 to go .
Tyran Davis had 11 points and Ryainni Scott added 10 for the Bulldogs . The game counted as an exhibition for Fisk .
Jackson State was home for the first time since winning its season opener over a month ago and the victory snapped a three-game skid .
CHARLOTTESVILLE ( KUSI ) — The man suspected of driving a car through a crowd of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia — killing one person and injuring several others — was denied bail Monday .
James Fields Jr. of Ohio , 20 , faces a second-degree murder and other charges after plowing into a crowd in Virginia Saturday , which killed 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injured 19 others who were gathered Saturday to oppose a rally held by white nationalists and other groups protesting the removal of a Confederate general 's statue in a local park , police said .
Fields was taken into custody the same day and would be appointed a lawyer , Judge Robert Downer said during the bond hearing Monday morning .
Also Saturday , a helicopter monitoring the rally in Virginia crashed in a forest in Albemarle County , killing two State troopers on board — Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper Pilot Berke Bates .
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe said he was close to both troopers at a memorial service in Charlottesville Sunday .
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash .
Heather Heyer was killed when a car plowed through a crowd of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia Saturday .
Hundreds of peaceful demonstrators gathered in San Diego Sunday at the County Administration Building to pay homage to the victims of Saturday 's Virginia rally .
Those gathered at the vigil held candles , displayed signs and joined in the singing of “ We Shall Overcome. ” Also featured was a choir singing Tracy Chapman 's 1988 protest song , ” Talkin ' 'bout a Revolution . ”
BUENOS AIRES The Argentine FA , lacking proper leadership since 2015 and fearful its national team might not reach the World Cup finals without banned captain Lionel Messi , elected a third-tier club chairman and former roadsweeper as its president on Wednesday .
Claudio Tapia of Barracas Central , who play in the Primera B Metropolitana division , was the sole candidate in the election but still needed the support of a majority of delegates , which he achieved by scooping 40 of 43 votes cast .
He will serve a four-year term , but some of the power behind the scenes is expected to be wielded by his deputy Daniel Angelici , who is president of top flight Boca Juniors and was a key figure in promoting Tapia 's candidacy .
Tapia , who is also known as “ Chiqui ” ( little one ) , said one of his first tasks would be to get Messi 's four-match suspension reduced and said it was imperative everyone got behind beleaguered coach Edgardo Bauza .
Messi was suspended on Tuesday after FIFA said he had `` directed insulting words at an assistant referee '' during their 1-0 World Cup qualifying win over Chile on Thursday .
The match officials did not include the incident in their reports but FIFA acted on video evidence and Messi missed Tuesday 's 2-0 defeat to Bolivia in La Paz .
`` ( We ) will make the necessary efforts before FIFA for the sanction to be ... reduced because it is unjust , '' Tapia said .
Messi will miss games away to Uruguay and at home to Peru and Venezuela , before returning for their final match in Ecuador in October .
BELOVED ARGENTINA
Tapia said it was crucial to give Bauza backing if he was to help Argentina rise from fifth place in the South American qualifying campaign .
Only the top four teams qualify automatically for Russia in 2018 while the fifth-placed team must go into an intercontinental playoff against a side from the Oceania zone .
`` We must back him ... as well as all the players , '' he told a news conference .
`` We must meet with him to sit down and see what 's best ( for the team ) . We must find the way to recover our confidence so our beloved Argentine national team represents us in Russia and does its best possible . ''
The AFA has been under the administration of a FIFA-appointed Regularising Committee , headed by Argentine Armando Perez , since last June after a presidential election in 2015 ended in a 38-38 tie between two candidates when only 75 delegates had a vote .
Tapia is the first man to win the AFA presidency in an election since Julio Grondona in 1979 . Grondona ran the AFA as his personal fiefdom for 35 years until his death in 2014 .
The 49-year-old Tapia , who came to Buenos Aires from San Juan province with his family when he was a boy , spent nine years working for the capital 's refuse collection company while playing for Barracas and became a trade union leader and president of his club aged 35 .
Tapia has been close to the Argentina team since 2015 and headed the delegation that took them to the Copa America Centenario in the United States last year where they lost the final on penalties to Chile .
The AFA will hope to draw a line under the 35-year reign of Grondona , who died a month after Argentina reached the World Cup final in Brazil . During his tenure the team also won the trophy in 1986 and reached the 1990 final .
( Additional reporting by Luis Ampuero and Miguel Lobianco ; Editing by Toby Davis/Peter Rutherford )
April 3Chengdu Yunda Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0 percent to 20 percent , or to be 10.4 million yuan to 12.4 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 10.4 million yuan )
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/HmSYWX
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
`` I am not anti-LeBron . I am actually a big LeBron fan as well , but when he 's going against Steph , I would rather Steph over LeBron , '' he said . `` But at the end of the day , I mean they are both great , great players , and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state . He is one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me . ''
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media .
`` Do n't hit send , '' he said . `` Should have been smarter about the whole situation , about the tweet . Whether you feel that way or not , do n't tweet it . ''
Coach Hue Jackson , who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise he made when the team was going 0-16 last season , knew Randall would get some heat for his tweet .
`` I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here , and you 've got to be careful about what you say , '' Jackson said . `` I do n't think he meant any harm . I think he has a love and a respect for Curry , obviously . But he found out that , 'Hey , look , in this city it 's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James . ''
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland 's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns .
`` Just the other day , I was able to show them LeBron 's message to the media in Game 7 when he talked about team , '' he said .
`` I thought it was tremendous . I thought what he said about his other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win . I thought that was sensational . I said that to our football team . ''
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company , please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek @ haymarket.com or +44 ( 0 ) 208 267 4629 . Or visit our subscribe page .
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Virtus Investment Partners Inc :
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS ANNOUNCES FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FOURTH QUARTER 2017
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 2.60
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.46
* LONG-TERM ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT OF $ 88.8 BILLION AT DECEMBER 31 , 2017 INCREASED $ 1.7 BILLION , OR 1.9 PERCENT , FROM SEPTEMBER 30 , 2017
* QTRLY TOTAL SALES WERE $ 4.1 BILLION COMPARED WITH $ 4.6 BILLION IN Q3
* ‍CO WILL ACQUIRE A 70 PERCENT EQUITY INTEREST IN SGA FOR $ 129.5 MILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $ 2.42 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES $ 128.02 MILLION VERSUS $ 79.85 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON FBI Director James Comey concurred with a Democratic lawmaker on Wednesday that citizenship alone is not a reliable indicator of the `` terror threat '' a person may pose to the United States , a rebuke of President Donald Trump 's executive order banning travel from several Muslim-majority countries .
`` Most of the people that I talked about that we have open cases on are American citizens , '' Comey told a U.S. Senate panel , agreeing with Senator Patrick Leahy that citizenship does not determine a person 's intentions .
Trump 's restrictions on visa issuance to citizens of Syria , Iran , Libya , Yemen , Sudan and Somalia is on hold by federal court order .
( Reporting by Julia Edwards Ainsley ; editing by Grant McCool )
April 10 IES Holdings Ltd
* IES Holdings amends and expands credit facility
* IES Holdings amends and expands credit facility
* IES Holdings inc says pursuant to amendment , company 's maximum revolver amount increased from $ 70 million to $ 100 million
* IES Holdings - pursuant to amendment maturity date of revolving credit facility was extended from August 9 , 2019 to August 9 , 2021 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
First Solar Inc ( FSLR.O ) , the largest U.S. solar equipment manufacturer , posted a surprise profit , helped by the sale of the Moapa project and cost-cutting .
Shares of the company , which also raised its full-year revenue forecast , rose 6.7 percent in extended trading on Tuesday .
First Solar also said it expected a larger adjusted profit , citing increased visibility into some upcoming project sales .
The company said in March it sold the 250-megawatt Moapa project , located northeast of Las Vegas , to global private asset manager Capital Dynamics .
Total operating expenses fell 5.6 percent to $ 92.2 million in the first quarter ended March 31 .
The company said it expects full-year revenue of $ 2.85 billion- $ 2.95 billion , slightly above its previous forecast of $ 2.8 billion- $ 2.9 billion .
First Solar said it now sees adjusted profit between 25-75 cents per share , well above its previous forecast of breakeven to 50 cents .
The company 's net profit slumped to $ 9.1 million , or 9 cents per share , in the first quarter from $ 195.6 million , or $ 1.90 per share , a year earlier .
The latest quarter was hurt by pre-tax restructuring and asset impairment charges of $ 20 million .
First Solar said in November it would cut about 27 percent of its workforce and transition to a new product ahead of schedule .
The company is bringing forward production of its Series 6 modules by a year to 2018 and abandoning plans for the Series 5 product . First Solar originally expected the Series 5 and 6 products to be on the market at the same time .
Excluding items , the company earned 25 cents per share .
Analysts on average had estimated a loss of 13 cents per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
The company said net sales rose to $ 891.8 million from $ 876.1 million , handily beating analysts ' estimate of $ 667.8 million .
( Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
Alectra Utilities is investing $ 1.8 million in an infrastructure modernization project on Locke Street in Hamilton .
The investment is part of a five-year infrastructure commitment undertaken by the utility .
The first phase in the three phase project on Locke Street will see the old four kilovolt system replaced with new , higher voltage 13.8 kilovolt capacity .
This upgrade includes more than 6.8 kilometres of new overhead wires supported by 103 new poles , six new switches , 34 new transformers and 15.8 kilometres of secondary cable .
According to the utility , several assets throughout their system are facing significant pressures because of increased customer demand combined with aging infrastructure .
Alectra Utilities Corporation serves approximately one million customers across a 2,200-square-kilometre service territory , including Hamilton and St. Catharines .
NEW YORK — Actress Uma Thurman , in long-awaited remarks , has accused embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and accused `` Kill Bill '' director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her .
Thurman 's allegations against Weinstein had been widely anticipated since she hinted late last year that she had a story to tell about the beleaguered movie mogul , who has been accused of sexual misconduct against many women , but wanted to wait until she was less angry . Her story came in an interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd .
`` I used the word 'anger , ' but I was more worried about crying , to tell you the truth , '' Thurman said in the Times article . `` I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true . So what you really saw was a person buying time . ''
Thurman told Dowd that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with him suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading her to a steam room but that the first `` attack '' — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London .
`` He pushed me down , '' she said . `` He tried to shove himself on me . He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard . ''
Later , she alleged , she arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him : `` If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career , your reputation and your family , I promise you . ''
The Times article says Thurman 's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there , but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator dishevelled and shaking .
`` Her eyes were crazy , and she was totally out of control , '' said the friend , Ilona Herman .
When Thurman was able to talk again , Herman said , she revealed that Weinstein , who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood , had threatened to derail her career .
A representative for Thurman , Leslie Sloane , responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only : `` The article speaks for itself . ''
Archaeologists urge Albania to protect underwater heritage
Photo : Lazar Semini , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 James Goold , center , chairman of the RPM Nautical Foundation , talks with David Ruff , left , of the not-for-profit US Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization , and Neritan Ceka , Albanian archaeologist , before the start of the Albanian underwater archaeology conference in Tirana , Albania , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Researchers are urging Albanian authorities to build a museum to display hundreds of Roman and Greek artefacts and ancient shipwrecks that are sitting under Albania 's barely explored coastline . less James Goold , center , chairman of the RPM Nautical Foundation , talks with David Ruff , left , of the not-for-profit US Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization , and Neritan Ceka , Albanian ... more Photo : Lazar Semini , AP Archaeologists urge Albania to protect underwater heritage 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TIRANA , Albania ( AP ) — Researchers are urging Albanian authorities to build a museum to display hundreds of Roman and Greek artifacts and ancient shipwrecks that are sitting under the country 's barely explored coastline .
Archaeologists at the Albanian Underwater Archaeology conference warned Tuesday that the wealth of underwater artifacts in the country 's southwestern seabed , near its border with Greece , could easily fall prey to looters or treasure hunters .
James Goold , chairman of the Florida-based RPM Nautical Foundation , said the objects — dating from the 8th century B.C . through to World War II — would be a great tourist attraction if properly displayed .
Goold 's RPM has mapped out the Ionian seabed from the Greek border all along to the Vlora Bay , finding at least 22 shipwrecks from the ancient times to World War II and hundreds of ancient amphorae . Those long , narrow terracotta vessels carried olive oil and wine along trade routes between North Africa and the Roman Empire , where Albania , then Illyria , was a crossroad .
`` The time has come to build a museum for Albanian and foreign tourists , '' said Albanian archaeologist Neritan Ceka .
Some amphorae may have already been looted — they are not infrequently seen decorating restaurants along the Albanian coastline .
Albania is trying to protect and capitalize on its rich underwater heritage , long neglected by its former communist regime , but preservation still receives scarce funding from the government in one of Europe 's poorest nations .
The arrival of RPM 's Hercules research vessel 11 years ago was `` a real revolution , '' Ceka said , praising its professional divers , high-tech sonar and remotely operated underwater vehicle .
RPM and a joint Albanian-Italian expedition are the only scientific underwater efforts in Albania so far , both with the government 's approval .
Now RPM believes it 's time for the not-for-profit Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization , which is based in Texas , U.S. , to explore the possibilities of excavating shipwrecks , a financially expensive and scientifically delicate process .
`` There 's a special environment in Albania , because the coast has been so protected for so many years , '' said INA 's David Ruff , a former commander of a nuclear-powered submarine .
Ruff said `` one of the real gems of Albania is the Butrint site '' — a UNESCO-protected ancient Greek and Roman site in southernmost Albania close to the Greek border .
He said INA 's Virazon II research vessel will stay for a month in Albanian waters `` to understand the coast of Albania and if we can run a large-scale excavation here . ''
___
Follow Llazar Semini on Twitter https : //twitter.com/lsemini
NEW YORK , April 28 The most junior investors in US Collateralized Loan Obligation ( CLO ) funds will try to boost their flagging returns by forcing managers into expensive refinancings . Managers that do not co-operate may have their fees cut or lose control of their funds in the worst case scenario , souces said .
CLOs are the largest holders of US leveraged loans . Equity holders are getting ready to play hardball as their returns have been eroded by a repricing wave that saw a record US $ 195.8bn of US leveraged loans refinanced in the first quarter alone , according to Thomson Reuters LPC data .
This mass refinancing has led to lower payments to equity investors , which are paid last with the interest left over after senior debt holders are paid and are therefore most exposed to falling costs on the loans that they invest in .
Junior CLO investors ' returns were down 32 % in the first quarter , according to Wells Fargo , compared to a year earlier . They are now starting to call for 2015 vintage funds to be refinanced to improve their position as CLO returns come under pressure .
Applying pressure to force a refinancing is something that Tricadia Capital has not used yet but would consider , said Michael Barnes , founder and co-chief investment officer of Tricadia , which invests in and manages CLOs .
“ Those levers that can be pulled to create value are going to be utilized , ” he said . “ You 'll have that additional card you can play at the table . ”
Refinancing is expensive for 2015 funds , as they will have to comply with risk-retention rules that require CLOs to keep ‘ skin in the game ' and hold 5 % of their vehicle 's risk .
A record US $ 50bn of 2013 and 2014 CLOs were refinanced in the first quarter after a Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) decision allowed them to refinance without having to pay for risk-retention stakes .
Like most CLOs , 2015 vintage funds typically have two-year non-call periods and are just becoming eligible for refinancing . Some have coupons more than 100bp higher than CLOs that have refinanced , which would flow to equity investors if the deals are refinanced .
UPPER HAND ?
Many funds raised in 2015 include provisions that give investors leverage and encourage managers to refinance or face penalties , including losing some of their fees , or even control of their funds .
Oak Hill Advisors and Ares Management have 2015 vintage CLOs that give managers higher fees if they refinance and make their CLO risk-retention compliant , Thomson Reuters LPC reported at that time .
Alcentra and Neuberger Berman also issued funds at that time with provisions that said that management fees would be cut if their deals were not refinanced and made compliant .
Equity holders have the option to push for a refinancing or to call a deal entirely in order to improve their returns , according to Bjarni Torfason , a CLO analyst at Deutsche Bank .
Several options are discussed when CLOs consider refinancing , including cutting management fees to increase payments to equity holders , said David Wishnow , principal at Tetragon Financial Management , which invests in CLO equity .
“ You discuss each of these levers and there is a push and pull as you come up with solutions , ” he said .
Managers have to hold 5 % of their fund under the risk-retention rules , which are part of the Dodd-Frank Act and came into effect on December 24 , 2016 .
Managers of CLOs that do not currently comply and refinance or reset will be required to hold 5 % of each refinanced class , according to Deborah Festa , a partner at law firm Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy .
Forcing 2015 CLOs to refinance is most likely to succeed on deals where managers have management fee step-down structures , which may range from 5bp to 25bp , according to Jeff Herlyn , a principal at Tetragon . ( Reporting by Kristen Haunss ; Editing by Tessa Walsh )
May 3 SBI Life Insurance :
* SBI Life net profit grew by 31 % to INR 3.36 billion in Q4 of FY 16-17
* Says new business premium for FY 16-17 grew by 43 % to 101.44 billion rupees
* Total assets under management ( AUM ) has grown by 22 % to INR 977.37 billion as on 31 March 2017 , from INR 798.28 billion as on 31 March 2016 Source text - ( SBI Life Insurance , one of the most trusted private life insurance companies in the country , today announced a net profit rise of 31 % to Rs . 336 crores in Q4 of FY 16-17 , as compared with Rs . 256 crores in the corresponding quarter last year . SBI Life 's individual new business premium ( APE ) rose by 40 % at Rs . 2,213 crores in Q4 of FY 16-17 as compared with Rs . 1,586 crores for the same period last year . For the financial year 2016-17 , SBI Life reported a Net Profit of Rs . 955 crores , an increase of 11 % compared to last year 's Net Profit of Rs 861 crores . SBI Life also became the first private life insurer to cross Rs . 10,000 crores in New Business Premium . The New Business Premium for FY 16-17 grew by 43 % to Rs . 10,144 crores . The Individual New Business premium ( APE Basis ) rose to Rs 5,936 crores in FY 16-17 , recording a phenomenal growth of 39 % compared with Rs . 4,276 crores in FY 2015-16 . Commenting on the financial results of the Company , Mr. Arijit Basu , MD & CEO , SBI Life , said , “ The overall FY 2016-17 has been excellent for the company including the last quarter ( Q4 ) not only in terms of business but quality as well . With 39 % growth in the Individual New Business premium ( APE Basis ) , we have entered the 17th successful year of operation and command more than one fifth of the private life insurance market . Our primary commitment is to our customers and during the year we have improved our Death Claim Settlement Ratio to 98 % and further reduced our complaints related to misselling to 0.20 % of the policies sold , which is the best in the industry . Our focus in the coming times will be on further enhancing our distribution efficiency , lowering operational cost , introducing innovative products and continue to be customer centric . We look forward to the coming year and promise our continuous and dedicated efforts towards serving our customers . '' Key Highlights of SBI Life performance during the Financial Year 2016-17 1 . Net Worth increased to Rs . 5,552 crores from Rs 4,733 crores in the last fiscal 2 . The New Business Premium rose by 43 % to Rs 10,144 crores as compared to Rs . 7,106 crores in FY 2015-16 3 . The Gross Total Premium received in FY 2016-17 is Rs . 21,015 crores , of which the New Business premium accounted for Rs . 10,144 crores and Renewal Premium accounted for Rs . 10,871 crores . Corresponding figures for last financial year were Rs . 15,825 crores , Rs . 7,106 crores and Rs . 8,719 crores respectively . 4 . Total Assets Under Management ( AUM ) has grown by 22 % to Rs . 97,737 crores as on 31st March 2017 , from Rs . 79,828 crores as on 31st March 2016 )
March 30 Spirit Airlines Inc
* Spirit airlines inc says entered into a framework agreement , dated as of March 29 , 2017 , with certain financial institutions
* Spirit airlines-pursuant to agreement $ 228 million debt financing shall be provided for 1 airbus a320-200,5 airbuses a321-200 aircraft
* Spirit airlines inc - each loan to be extended under framework agreement will be funded on or about delivery date of each aircraft
* Spirit airlines inc - each loan will have a 12-year term and will amortize quarterly on a mortgage-style basis - sec filing
* Spirit airlines inc - each loan to be extended under framework agreement will be secured by a first-priority security interest in individual aircraft Source text ( bit.ly/2nnIjuF ) Further company coverage :
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
Apple is finally delivering on some promises it made last year about its HomePod speaker , including giving the device the ability to link with another for stereo sound .
The company released a software release called iOS 11.4 on Tuesday that unlocks more features for the smart speaker .
The announcement comes just ahead of Apple 's developer conference , which starts Monday — the same conference in which Apple first announced the speaker a year ago . Apple has said it wanted to make sure the features worked well for users before releasing them .
Apple 's HomePod has n't been a huge sales hit for the company , which launched two years after initial products from Amazon.com and Google began dominating the smart-speaker market . Roughly 67 per cent of smart-speaker owners have Amazon 's Echo devices , according to a report earlier this month from eMarketer . Google is a distant second , with about 30 per cent of the market , the report said . ( Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post . )
Apple has n't released sales figures for its speaker , but estimates say the HomePod holds about 3 per cent of the overall market in the U.S. , according to a February survey from investment firm Loup Ventures . Next week 's developers conference may bring more updates to Siri and HomePod as both have been major points of focus for Apple in the past year .
Other features coming with the update include Siri voice assistant 's new ability to control some other non-Apple speakers including those made by Sonos , Bang & Olufson , Bose and others . That brings Apple more on par with other smart assistants from Google and Amazon , which already work with third-party speakers .
Music lovers also will be able to set up the HomePod and other speakers through Apple 's Home app . The app will group those speakers by room , so you can now ask Siri to play a song `` in the kitchen and the bedroom , '' for example .
The new software adds another feature missing from the HomePod : the ability to check your calendar . That was a major feature missing for the HomePod at launch , especially for a device that 's supposed to act as the centre of your smart home . Now you 'll be able to ask your HomePod for a rundown of what 's on your schedule , as long as you 're using Apple 's Calendar app .
Apple is also streamlining its iMessage service , which can now be backed up through its iCloud data service to sync all messages across your devices . While it has been possible to sync your messages across devices before , the new change gives iPhones , Macs and iPads a single encrypted archive . That means users will be able to access all their messages , even if they get a new Apple device , and deleting a message on one device gets rid of it across all of your devices . Apple also initially announced iCloud support for iMessage at its developers conference last year .
( The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
By Mark Miller
CHICAGO , April 6 What to say about a federal program that helps enable 245,000 U.S. seniors to tutor kids , renovate homes and teach English to immigrants ?
How about this : “ We ca n't spend money on programs just because they sound good. ” That is White House budget director Mick Mulvaney last month , explaining why the Trump administration 's budget blueprint proposes cutting dozens of federal programs .
Mulvaney was not specifically referring to Senior Corps , which allows all those seniors to find ways to volunteer . He was trying to justify a much longer list of cuts that are , well , deplorable - everything from legal services for the poor to public television and environmental protection .
The plan would eliminate a long list of federal agencies - among them the Corporation for National and Community Service ( CNCS ) , which administers Senior Corps and Americorps , the community service program aimed at young people . The White House also wants to kill programs that help low-income seniors with job training and placement and assistance paying utility bills . Some funding for the Meals on Wheels program also could be threatened .
It is not clear that the White House can get any of this through Congress - all of these programs have devoted followings in communities across the country , and older people vote in disproportionate numbers . But the call to pull the plug on CNCS underscores the administration 's misplaced values , and should be resisted strongly .
Senior Corps does not just “ sound good ” - it actually is good . The roots of its programs date back to the 1960s ; today , Senior Corps operates three programs : RSVP , the largest senior volunteer organization in the nation ; Foster Grandparent , which tutors and mentors special-needs young people ; and the Senior Companions Program , which helps frail seniors and other adults maintain independence and stay in their own homes .
INTERGENERATIONAL GOOD
Senior Corps is the prototype for an idea that is fast gaining ground - engaging the rapidly growing ranks of older Americans for a range of intergenerational projects for the greater good . “ The way our demographics are changing , we need more ways to engage older people in communities and neighborhoods , because they are one of our greatest growing assets , ” said Donna Butts , executive director of Generations United , a nonprofit focused on intergenerational collaboration programs and public policy .
“ We ca n't just think of it as something nice and sweet , ” Butts said .
Generations United did some simple math calculations to demonstrate the value and power of volunteers . There are 108 million Americans today over age 50 , and they watch 47 hours of television every week . If 2 percent of them gave just 2 percent of their TV time as volunteers , that would generate almost $ 2.5 billion worth of human resources devoted to addressing problems each year ( valuing an hour of time at $ 23 ) .
“ Mulvaney is way off base , ” Butts added , referring to the White House budget director . “ We have to engage these folks , especially at a time like this , when we know there are divides in our country that need to be healed . Engaging people of different generations is one way to do that . ”
PURPOSEFUL ENGAGEMENT
Private-sector philanthropy gets this . Consider Encore.org , which made its name encouraging interest in encore careers and inventing the Purpose Prize , a sort of MacArthur genius prize for older entrepreneurs . Encore 's new project is Generation to Generation - a campaign aiming to recruit and mobilize more than a million older adults to help young people thrive through mentoring programs . ( reut.rs/2g4FH2m )
Encore is wrapping up a study on the positive effects that purposeful engagement through volunteering can have on older adults ; purposeful people report significantly higher life satisfaction , personal growth and sense of empathy .
It also found that volunteering did not cut in to more personal goals , such as spending time with friends and family or pursuing hobbies - rather , older adult volunteers were more likely to engage in those activities .
“ People get so much joy out of doing something that engages their capacities and makes them feel competent , ” said the lead researcher , Anne Colby , an adjunct professor at the Stanford Graduate School of Education .
Colby is a developmental psychologist specializing in the study of purpose , values and character at all ages . An especially surprising finding , she said , is that the prevalence of “ purpose beyond the self ” not only cut across all demographic lines , but was also just as high among respondents with health and financial problems as among those who were healthy and financially secure .
“ And engagement has this spillover effect - people feel more motivated to address health problems like losing weight or getting more exercise . ”
Eliminating the CNCS would save the government about $ 1 billion a year - coincidentally the same amount the White House wants to fund the first 62 miles ( 100 km ) of that all-important border wall with Mexico that it now seems American citizens will pay for .
A much better idea : encourage the grandparents to keep reading to the kids . ( Editing by Matthew Lewis )
Just weeks after a major purchase , a division of the Tayto Group has virtually doubled the size of its business with a further acquisition .
Montagu Group , a GB based vending firm , has bought the trade and assets of three businesses from AIM listed Uvenco UK PLC ; namely Uvenco Vending , Snack-in-the-Box and Drinkmaster .
The deal , agreed with the administrators to the various businesses , comes after Montagu announced the purchase of Cambridge Vending on May 14 .
The move increases Montagu 's 13,000 vending machines tally by another 12,000 units effectively doubling the size of the business .
“ When we recently announced the acquisition of Cambridge Vending , we were already working on this deal as we see vending and ‘ consumption on the go ' as a key area of expansion for us , ” said Tayto Group CEO and Montagu director , Paul Allen .
“ This purchase brings us another 12,000 points of sale , giving us a total of more than 25,000 across the group .
“ It also broadens our geographical reach as the company has offices in London , Newport , Blackburn , Coventry and Liskeard and franchisees across the UK .
“ We are delighted with the addition of almost 200 employees to our Group and a further £15m of turnover . Our added scale and geographic growth now places us as the largest British-owned vending company .
Mr Allen said the deal also broadened the firm 's reach in terms of offer .
“ Snack-in-the-Box and Drinkmaster add new complementary areas for us , ” he said .
“ Snack-in-the-Box is a UK-wide franchise operation , run through local franchisees who provide honesty boxes and vending machines .
“ Drinkmaster manufactures and supplies sealed hot drinks such as coffee , tea , hot chocolate and soups , the sort of thing you often see on aeroplanes .
“ All of these businesses have shown a real flair for innovation and pushing technological boundaries and that 's something we see as essential to our continued growth in the vending market .
“ We look forward to meeting all of our new customers and building on the existing relationships they already had . ”
The Tayto Group remains in the ownership of the Hutchinson family , with Montagu being established last year as a vehicle for the expansion of the rapidly expanding vending sector which now turns over nearly £50 million a year and employs almost 600 people .
The Tayto Group is the biggest UK-owned crisp and snack manufacturer , producing five million bags a day across its six UK sites .
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland hits off the 13th tee in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
AUGUSTA , Georgia Rory McIlroy said on Saturday he needs to play the round of his life to complete the career grand slam but the world number two does not plan to take too many risks on a notoriously demanding Augusta National layout .
The 27-year-old Northern Irishman will start the final round on Sunday six strokes behind the leaders , his European Ryder Cup teammates Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia .
McIlroy looked as though a sizzling score might be in the cards when he made a hot start to his third round , but he ultimately ended the day further back than where he started after a one-under-par 71 that he thought could have been a 67 if not for some wasted opportunities .
However , he still thinks he can clinch the Green Jacket and become the sixth man to complete the career modern grand slam .
`` I can , yeah , but I need to play the round of my life tomorrow , '' said McIlroy . `` But again you ca n't start going for shots that are n't there . You still need to play smart when you have to . ''
The four-times major champion was itching to start the third round given the piece of bad luck he endured on Friday when his approach to the 18th slammed into the pin and rebounded 20 yards from the hole leading to a bogey .
And he wasted no time making his move on Saturday , using his prodigious power at the par-five second , where he smashed a fairway-metal second shot from 280 yards to set up a two-putt tap-in birdie .
He also birdied the par-four third after almost driving the green , but his charge started to peter out when he three-putted from long range for bogey at the par-four fifth after misclubbing with his approach shot .
`` It 's as simple as hitting the wrong club on the fifth hole , '' McIlroy , who switched to a nine-iron from an eight-iron , said when asked about his inability to build on his hot start .
`` The margins are so fine around this golf course . And I was just on the wrong side of it sometimes today . ''
McIlroy stumbled further with a double-bogey at the seventh , before repairing the damage with birdies at the eighth and 12th holes .
McIlroy , who took a four-shot lead into the final round of the 2011 Masters before unraveling with a closing 80 , is hoping his experience will help him to make up ground .
`` Even if you 're not playing that well , if your head is in the right place you 'll always have a chance ... especially around this place . It 's heightened even more , just because you can hear what 's going on around you , '' McIlroy said about the roars and groans of Augusta 's massive galleries .
`` So you really have to focus on yourself and not worry too much about what everyone else is doing . ''
( Editing by Andrew Both )
* Emirate now holds 16.7 pct of group 's voting rights-filing
* CEO controls company thanks to limited partnership structure
* Group to hold AGM on Thursday
By Mathieu Rosemain and Gwénaëlle Barzic
PARIS , May 3 Qatar has become media group Lagardere 's top shareholder in terms of both share capital and voting rights as a result of a French law that favours long-term investors .
Qatar Holding , part of the emirate 's sovereign wealth fund , said on Wednesday that its Lagardere voting rights had risen to 16.7 percent , based on a share stake of about 13 percent .
The Gulf state previously held close to 10 percent of the voting rights , while Lagardere 's chief executive Arnaud Lagadere held 7.65 percent of its capital and 11.9 percent of voting rights at end of last year , a 2016 registration document showed .
Qatar , which first invested in Lagardere in 2006 , has been a staunch supporter of Arnaud Lagardere whose strategy for the company founded by his father has faced criticism from some shareholders .
`` The Lagardere group welcomes the trust placed in it by Qatar Holding LLC , known for being a demanding and long-term shareholder , '' a spokesman for Lagardere said in an email .
France 's 2014 `` Florange '' law , named after a closed steel plant , gives double voting rights to investors who register shares in their name and hold them for at least two years .
Qatar said in its filing to French markets watchdog AMF that it could increase its stake further , but it had no plans to gain control of the company .
It also said it was considering seeking representation on Lagardere 's supervisory board and was eyeing strategic partnerships , reiterating options already laid out in previous filings .
Lagardere , which will hold its annual shareholders ' meeting on Thursday , has a limited partnership structure that gives the founding family near-absolute control and responsibility , even with a minority stake .
The group reported in March a 13.5 percent increase in full-year core operating profit to 395 million euros ( $ 431 million ) on group revenue of 7.39 billion euros , up 2.5 percent on a like-for-like basis .
Lagardere shares are up 7.75 percent so far this year , valuing the company at 3.7 billion euros . ( $ 1 = 0.9168 euros ) ( Editing by Adrian Croft and Alexander Smith )
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
LONDON/NEW DELHI May 3 Mahindra & Mahindra has stopped selling its electric car in the United Kingdom due to meagre sales and is winding up operations there , according to a document seen by Reuters , in a setback for the Indian automaker 's global ambitions .
Mahindra 's exit from the UK comes less than a year after it launched the e2o car in a market it considered a launch-pad for selling electric cars in Europe , especially to countries like Norway , Sweden and the Netherlands .
`` The level of e2o sales achieved is at an untenable level for us to maintain the investment required , hence our decision to cease trading at Mahindra UK with immediate effect and retract from the UK marketplace , '' Mahindra said in an April letter addressed to one of its buyers in the country .
`` The Indian EV market is poised for a take-off and given that scenario , we are primarily focusing on the Indian market , '' said a Mahindra spokesman , in response to a Reuters query for comment . `` We 'll reconsider the UK market at an opportune time . '' ( Reporting by Carolyn Cohn in LONDON and Aditi Shah in NEW DELHI ; Editing by Euan Rocha and Randy Fabi )
Walmart became the target of Donald Trump supporters outraged by a T-shirt sold on the company 's website , leading to calls for a boycott Tuesday .
The shirt , which was available in adult sizes and in baby onesies , bore the words `` Impeach 45 , '' in reference to Trump , the 45th president of the United States . It is unclear how long the shirts were available on Walmart 's website , but Ryan Fournier , a political commentator and chair of Students for Trump , was among the first to ignite the social media frenzy Monday night after he discovered the listing , tweeting `` what kind of message are you trying to send ? ''
The shirt was not sold directly by Walmart but through its open marketplace by a third-party seller , Walmart said in a tweet to Fournier Tuesday afternoon .
`` We 're removing these types of items pending review of our marketplace policies , '' Walmart said .
The vendor , Connecticut-based Old Glory Music & Entertainment defended its shirts .
`` We carry over 10,000 politically inspired T-shirts dealing with all aspects of politics , from liberal to conservative thought , '' Glenn Morelli , president of Old Glory , told Bloomberg News . `` We are an American company and we are proud to be American , and this is what we do : We sell T-shirts for a living . ''
Walmart 's marketplace , which was created to compete with a similar program by Amazon , now has about 18,000 sellers and the retail giant receives a percentage of each sale , according to Bloomberg News . ( Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon , owns The Washington Post . )
By Tuesday afternoon Walmart had removed the listing from its website , though they are still available through other online retailers such as Amazon and Bonanza .
For much of the day the hashtag # boycottWalmart trended in the United States , catching the attention of Trump supporters including Lynette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson , who are better known as Diamond and Silk .
Tuesday 's call for a Walmart boycott is the latest example of the pressures businesses can face as the nation 's political divide deepens and social media has made it easier to marshal others on a cause . Last February , some Trump supporters vowed to take their money elsewhere after Nordstrom dropped Ivanka Trump 's clothing line ; other groups have gone after Breitbart and Laura Ingraham 's advertisers while United Airlines , Best Western , MetLife and other companies cut ties with the National Rifle Association . The impact of these boycotts are often unclear .
BERLIN , April 12 American artist Ryan Mendoza , who has moved the former house of late civil rights icon Rosa Parks from Detroit to Berlin , says he would like to return it to the United States one day .
Parks ' refusal in 1955 to give up her bus seat in Alabama for a white passenger became a symbol of the U.S. civil rights movement . She later moved to Detroit , where the house she lived in faced demolition until her niece , Rhea McCauley , bought it .
McCauley paid $ 500 for the two-storey dwelling and in turn handed it over to Mendoza , who painstakingly stripped it into 2,000 pieces and paid $ 13,000 to move it to Berlin , where he has put it back together again outside his studio .
Now he wants to move the house back to the United States .
`` This house really belongs in the United States , '' he told Reuters . `` It does n't belong here , but since it is here , it encourages more people to think about why it was on the demolition list . ''
Mendoza would also like to involve former U.S. first lady Michelle Obama in the project .
`` It would be the perfect solution if Michelle Obama became the ambassador of this project , '' he said . `` She has the courage and she totally convinced me when she said what was so obvious : that the White House was built by slaves . ''
Former U.S. President Barack Obama is due to join German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin in May as part of celebrations to mark 500 years of Protestantism in Europe .
( Reporting by Ute Swart ; Writing by Paul Carrel )
May 2 Quotient Technology Inc
* Quotient signs definitive agreement to acquire Crisp Mobile
* Quotient signs definitive agreement to acquire Crisp Mobile
* Quotient Technology Inc - will pay approximately $ 33.0 million in upfront consideration
* Quotient Technology Inc - company will pay approximately $ 33.0 million in upfront consideration
* Quotient Technology Inc - deal comprises cash and stock of $ 20.0 million and $ 13.0 million respectively
* Quotient Technology - contingent consideration of up to $ 24.5 million in cash may become payable upon achievement of certain financial metrics over a period of 1 year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MANCHESTER , England — Alexis Sanchez 's first goal for Manchester United wrapped up a 2-0 victory against Huddersfield on a day when the clubs came together to mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster .
Tuesday is the 60th anniversary of the tragedy which claimed 23 lives , including eight players , as Matt Busby 's side returned from a European Cup match at Red Star Belgrade .
Silence fell upon Old Trafford as those lost were remembered ahead of an English Premier League match that United won , with goals from Romelu Lukaku and Sanchez sealing the victory on his home debut .
Huddersfield struggled to create clear-cut chances in their first league trip to Old Trafford since March 1972 but dug deep in the first half to frustrate the hosts , who claimed a penalty when Terence Kongolo poleaxed Scott McTominay .
`` I really think , again , it comes back to his teammates around him , '' Maryland coach D.J . Durkin said . `` I thought our receivers played phenomenal in that game , our O-line did a great job protecting him , as well as our running backs being effective in the run game and converting on third downs . ''
RUNNING BACK ROULETTE
With Ohio State running back Mike Weber now fully healthy after a hamstring injury that has dogged him most of the season , Meyer has a pleasant conundrum : How should he divide carries between Weber , a 1,000-yard rusher last season , and dynamic true freshman J.K. Dobbins , who has piled up the yards as the primary back so far .
Weber played his first completely healthy game of the season against Rutgers , rushing for 44 yards and bullying his way in for three touchdowns .
Meyer said a package of plays is being developed for a scheme that includes both backs in the game at the same time .
CONVERSION RATE
A big key for Maryland last week was its play on third down . The Terps turned a third down into a first-and-10 on nine of 16 occasions last week . Minnesota went 5 for 12 .
Duplicating that feat will be important , because the less Maryland sees of the Buckeyes ' offence on the field , the better .
`` We 've got to win on third down and get off the field defensively , and on offence it 's how you extend drives , '' Durkin said . `` At the end of the day , you 've got to figure out what you can execute on third down in order to stay on the field . We had a good plan put together and our guys executed it . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Ohio State linebacker Chris Worley , who has missed time with a foot injury , is probable for Saturday . Defensive tackle Dre'Mont Jones , who cut himself in a freak locker room accident and had to have stitches last week , will miss a second game . Backup running back Antonio Williams is questionable .
Also , starting safety Erick Smith will miss his second game for unspecified reasons , which will take a bite out of the depth in the defensive secondary .
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
___
Follow Mitch Stacy at http : //twitter.com/mitchstacy
By Mitch Stacy , The Associated Press
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
PROVO , Utah — Alexander Mattison ran for a career-high 118 yards and two touchdowns , Brett Rypien threw his first TD pass of the season and Boise State beat BYU 24-7 on Friday night .
Boise State scored 17 straight points in the second quarter to take a 10-point lead into halftime .
Mattison took a direct snap in a wildcat formation and ran it in from the 12 to tie it at 7 in the second quarter . After Kekoa Nawahine intercepted BYU 's pass and returned it 51 yards to the Cougars 22 , Boise State settled for a short field goal and a 10-7 lead .
Boise State took a two-score lead with 36 seconds left in the half on Sean Modster 's first career touchdown catch . Mattison scored the only points of the second half on a 2-yard run early in the fourth to cap an 82-yard drive .
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL , June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar , foreign ministry sources said , in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries .
TAMPA , Fla. — Steven Stamkos is back .
Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in his return from a right knee injury and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 5-3 on Friday night in the season opener for both teams .
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee , an injury that required surgery . He sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov , who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play .
`` I was looking forward to this game for a while , '' Stamkos said . `` Training camp is one thing , preseason 's another . Getting into the regular season is different . It was a good step and it felt pretty good . I 'm just going to keep improving and getting stronger as the season goes on . ''
Roberto Luongo turned aside Stamkos ' shot from the slot late in the second .
Ondrej Palat had two goals , and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning . Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves .
Tampa Bay missed the playoffs last season after reaching the Stanley Cup Finals and the Eastern Conference Finals in 2015 and 2016 , respectively .
`` These wins mean a lot , '' Stamkos said . `` We took advantage of a big power play in the third and got the lead , and held on to it . ''
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau , and Luongo stopped 20 shots . New Panthers coach Bob Boughner took the loss in his NHL coaching debut .
`` We did a lot of good things , '' Florida defenceman Keith Yandle said . `` I like the way we played . I like the way that we competed . ''
March 30 Amano Corp :
* Says it appoints current president Nakajima Izumi as new chairman and Hiroyuki Tsuda as president for the replacement
* Changes will be effective on April 1
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/GYcspD
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
MOSCOW A U.S. deployment of ballistic missile defence systems in Romania and plans to place more defence systems in Poland violate an existing arms treaty , Russia 's foreign ministry said in a statement on Saturday .
The United States switched on an $ 800 million missile shield in Romania nearly a year ago and was planning to create another site in Poland , seeing it as vital to defend itself and Europe from so-called rogue states . In 2016 , the Kremlin said it was aimed at blunting its own nuclear arsenal .
The foreign ministry said on Saturday the plans violated the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Force Treaty ( INFT ) , signed by Washington and the Soviet Union in late 1980s in an attempt to eliminate nuclear and conventional short-and intermediate range missiles .
`` The undeniable fact is that this is a gross violation of the INFT obligations , '' the ministry said on its website .
( Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh ; Editing by Ros Russell )
MOGADISHU Somalia 's president replaced his security chiefs on Thursday and called on al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab insurgents to surrender within 60 days in return for education and jobs .
President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed , speaking days after U.S. President Donald Trump 's administration granted the U.S. military broader authority to carry out air strikes in Somalia , said tackling the al Shabaab insurgency was his top priority .
`` We have ordered all the security forces and military to be ready for making peace and today there is a new change in the military commanders , security officials , '' Mohamed , dressed in military uniform , told reporters .
Somalia has been at war since 1991 , when clan-based warlords overthrew the president then turned on each other . A widespread drought has brought the country to the brink of famine and the U.N. says half the population will need aid by July .
Mohamed named a new military commander , director of national security and intelligence , commander of police and a new head of prison forces . He also appointed a new mayor for the capital Mogadishu .
U.S. forces have been carrying out drone strikes in Somalia in support of the government . Trump has given his military broader powers to attack militants even if they are not engaging partnered forces .
Mohamed did not mention the new U.S. directive , but emphasised that Somali troops should take the lead and added in a statement : `` We want to pardon the Somali youth who were misled by al Shabaab .
`` The government cordially welcomes them . We shall give them education ; we shall create jobs for them . We do not want to kill our youth . We urge you again to leave al Shabaab as soon as possible .
`` You have 60 days . ''
Al Shabaab , which aims to impose its own harsh version of Islam in Somalia , is carrying out increasingly deadly bombings despite losing most of its territory to a 22,000-strong African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government .
The group aims to expel the peacekeepers and topple Somalia 's Western-backed government .
Among the new president 's chief challenges will be paying his military , who rampaged through the streets of Mogadishu earlier this year , saying they had not received their $ 100 salaries for several months .
( Writing by George Obulutsa ; Editing by Katharine Houreld and Ralph Boulton )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - WERELDHAVE NV :
* FY NET PROFIT EUR 84.3 MILLION VERSUS EUR 120.8 MILLION YEAR AGO
* DIVIDEND PROPOSAL 2017 OF € 3.08 ( FINAL DISTRIBUTION OF € 0.77 ) ‍​
* OUTLOOK 2018 : EPS BETWEEN € 3.30 AND € 3.40
* TOTAL RESULT : € 84.3M ( 2016 : € 120.8M ) ‍​
* DIVIDEND POLICY 2018 ONWARDS : 75 % -85 % OF EPS
* DIVIDEND FOR 2018 AT € 2.52 PER SHARE , € 0.63 PER QUARTER
* FY GROSS RENTAL INCOME OF EUR 223.4 MILLION
* ANTICIPATES A SLIGHT DECREASE OF THE DIRECT RESULT IN 2018
* FY TOTAL REVENUE EUR 264.3‍ MILLION VERSUS EUR 268.1 MILLION YEAR AGO​
* FY OPERATING RESULT EUR 111.8 MILLION VERSUS EUR 146.8 MILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
It 's a whole new park after dark during Zoombezi Bay Summer Nights , presented by Swedish Fish , as the Powell attraction lights up the night and offers guests an extended stay at the Bay until 11 p.m .
Beginning at 6 p.m. , guests can watch their favorite central Ohio waterpark transform as the sun goes down and their favorite attractions become even more thrilling in the dark . Some favorite rides and attractions , including the all new Otter Banks area , Cyclone , SoundSurfer , Big Boa Falls and more , will be open until 11 p.m. for thrill-seekers to enjoy some extra splash time in the park .
In addition to having access to Zoombezi Bay 's many attractions after dark , Otter Banks will host live entertainment , including music , animals from the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium and friendly character ambassadors to entertain guests of all ages . Swedish Fish samples and activities will also be available .
Additionally , each Summer Nights event will feature a different family-friendly movie at 9 p.m. on a jumbo screen that guests can enjoy while floating on an inner tube ( while supplies last ) in the Wild Tides Wave Pool or from a chaise lounge chair along the shore . This summer 's lineup includes :
July 6 — “ Trolls ”
After an invasion of the Bergens ( miserable creatures who only feel happiness after eating a troll ) , Poppy and Branch join forces to rescue their friends . While the two are an unlikely match , with Poppy 's enthusiasm and Branch 's pessimism , their mission is full of adventures and mishaps as they attempt to work in harmony to save the day .
Rated PG ; 92 minutes ; 2016
July 13 — “ Ghostbusters ” ( 2016 )
Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan , paranormal researcher Abby Yates and physicist Erin Gilbert join forces to prove to society that ghosts do exist . They enlist the help of nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann and subway worker Patty Tolan to prepare for an epic battle against the supernatural .
Rated PG-13 ; 116 minutes ; 2016
July 20 — “ Sing ”
In order to save a once-grand theater fallen on hard times , dapper koala Buster Moon strives to preserve the theater by producing the world 's greatest singing competition . Animal singers come from all corners to step into the spotlight and dream big in the name of saving the theater from ruin .
Rated PG ; 108 minutes ; 2016
July 27 — “ Elf ”
Follow the adventures of Buddy the Elf as he travels all the way from the North Pole to be reunited with his father . Along the way , Buddy spreads Christmas cheer to every cynic he meets with his childlike antics .
Rated PG ; 97 minutes ; 2003
Aug. 3 — “ The LEGO Batman Movie ”
This thrilling animated movie follows Batman as he tries to save Gotham from the clutches of the Joker . In order to save the city , Batman must learn the importance of teamwork alongside his superhero sidekick Robin and loyal butler Alfred .
Rated PG ; 104 minutes ; 2017
Regular admission rates apply for each Summer Nights event , but guests who visit Zoombezi Bay after 5 p.m. on the night of the event and use the code phrase , “ Swedish Fish Tropical , ” at the ticket booth will receive discounted admission for $ 10 per person . After 8 p.m. , guests using the code phrase will receive $ 5 admission per person . Those who follow Zoombezi Bay on Facebook will have the chance to enter to win a Family 4-Pack each week leading up to each Friday 's Summer Nights event .
For more information or to purchase Zoombezi Bay admission tickets and season passes , visit www.zoombezibay.com .
About Zoombezi Bay
Zoombezi Bay is a 22.7-acre water park that features 19 state-of-the-art water attractions , including the aquatic adventure area , Otter Banks ; themed water slide , SoundSurfer ; the multi-level play structure , Baboon Lagoon ; a wave pool ; an action river ; a lazy river ; a kiddie play pool and more . Admission to Zoombezi Bay includes the Columbus Zoo , and proceeds from the water park support the Zoo 's operation and mission . Please visit www.zoombezibay.com for more information .
Guests at Zoombezi Bay enjoy a movie while relaxing in the water . https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/07/web1_Summer-Nights-2-Amanda-Carberry-Columbus-Zoo-and-Aquarium-1-.jpg Guests at Zoombezi Bay enjoy a movie while relaxing in the water . Amanda Carberry | Columbus Zoo and Aquarium
Submitted story
Submitted by the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium .
Submitted by the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium .
LONDON , April 6 Britain 's Co-operative Group , the mutually-owned supermarkets to funeral services group , on Thursday wrote off the value of its stake in the struggling Co-operative Bank .
Reporting its financial results for 2016 , Co-operative Group said uncertainty about the value of the bank during its sale process made it prudent to value the group 's stake in the lender at nil .
It is the third consecutive reporting period in which the group has written down the value of its 20 percent stake , which it last valued at 140 million pounds in September .
The write-off meant the group recorded a pretax statutory loss for 2016 . Its operating profit rose by 32 percent , on growth in its core businesses of supermarkets , funeralcare , and insurance .
The Co-op Bank 's current sales process has drawn interest from multiple bidders after the ailing British lender put itself up for sale in February .
Sources close to the process told Reuters that most bidders were interested in specific assets only as they saw little value in buying the whole group .
Co-op Bank nearly collapsed in 2013 with a 1.5 billion pound hole in its capital after losses from problem real estate loans . Bondholders ultimately took control of the bank . ( Reporting By Lawrence White ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
MELBOURNE , April 3 dozen companies from 10 countries are vying with Elon Musk 's Tesla Inc to install Australia 's largest grid-scale battery to help keep the lights on in the country 's most wind-dependent state .
The South Australian state government said on Monday it had received 90 expressions of interest to set up a battery by December with about 100 megawatts of capacity to store wind and solar power .
That would be used to stabilise the grid at peak times , which tend to be when the sun and wind are low .
Grid stability has become a hot-button political issue in Australia since a state-wide blackout in South Australia paralysed industry for up to two weeks last September , and outages during a severe heatwave over the past summer .
If successful , the storage project could deliver a political windfall to South Australia 's government , vindicating their investment in renewables , and give Tesla a high-profile platform to demonstrate their product .
Musk was first to say he could supply 100 MW of battery storage for the state at $ 250 per kilowatt hour , in a social media exchange with the co-founder of Australian software firm Atlassian Corp , Mike Cannon-Brookes .
`` Tesla 's interest and enthusiasm in this goes beyond just the Australian market . It is proving a concept and providing a solution , '' said Gero Farrugio , managing director of renewables consultancy Sustainable Energy Research Analytics .
The South Australian government did not name the companies who had expressed interest in the project .
A handful of companies has publicly said they would consider supplying the battery : Zen Energy , privately owned Lyon Group , working with U.S. power company AES Corp , and Carnegie Clean Energy , using batteries from Samsung SDI Co Ltd .
Lyon Group said last week it would go ahead with a A $ 1 billion battery project this year , with or without funding from the South Australian government , but the configuration would depend on whether it won any state funding . ( Reporting by Sonali Paul ; Additional reporting by Tom Westbrook in SYDNEY ; Editing by Joseph Radford )
( Adds portfolio manager comment , updates prices to close )
* TSX ends up 63.66 points , or 0.41 percent , at 15,730.79
* Eight of the TSX 's 10 main groups move higher
By Alastair Sharp
TORONTO , April 10 Canada 's main stock index ended higher on Monday , with energy stocks leading broad gains as the price of oil rose .
The heavyweight energy group climbed 1.6 percent , with Canadian Natural Resources Ltd adding 1.6 percent to C $ 45.31 and Encana Corp up 3 percent at C $ 16.02 , as a shutdown at Libya 's largest oilfield and political tensions in the Middle East supported prices .
`` In terms of valuations , the Canadian ( energy ) names look fairly attractive versus U.S. peers , '' said Manash Goswami , portfolio manager at First Asset Investment Management Inc .
He said U.S. investors might be wary about a possible U.S. border adjustment tax on Canadian oil imports , which he said he thought unlikely to materialize .
The Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index settled up 63.66 points , or 0.41 percent , at 15,730.79 . Eight of its 10 main sectors gained , with financials and technology groups barely lower .
`` We have a positive outlook for 2017 as a number of key economic indicators are pointing to an expansion in economic activity and we see positive growth trends in revenue and earnings in both Canada and the U.S. , '' Goswami said .
The stock market operator , TMX Group Ltd , rose 1.5 percent to C $ 71.69 after China 's state-owned clearing house said on Saturday that it would work with the company to expedite cross-border investments .
Canadian housing starts jumped in March to their highest level in nearly a decade on a sharp rise for multifamily buildings , defying expectations of a slowdown , data showed .
Shares of Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc fell 5.4 percent to C $ 40.57 after a bank downgraded the stock . ( Reporting by Alastair Sharp ; Editing by Bernard Orr and Richard Chang )
Goals either side of the break saw Buxton bounce back into second place in the Evo-Stik NPL Premier Division with a 2-0 home win over Hednesford Town last night .
The Bucks had been frustrated on Saturday when snow saw their scheduled home clash with Frickley postponed .
Buxton v Hednesford , Ricky Ravenhill
But the pitch was fine last night as Bradley Grayson and Alastair Taylor netted the goals against a Hednesford side that ended the night with 10 men when Vinny Mukendi was red-carded near the final whistle .
It was an eventful evening for Mukendi , who missed the start of the game after being held up in traffic , arrived at half-time , came on as a sub on 56 minutes , and then had an early shower after two quick yellow cards decisions against him !
Grayson should have put the Bucks ahead on eight minutes but scuffed his finish after a great ball from Brad Abbott .
However , Grayson did break the deadlock on 35 minutes .
Abbott led a breakaway in which he found Ricky Ravenhill who set up Grayson for a tap-in .
Jackson was denied a second by keeper Crane as the Bucks went in a goal to the good at the break .
Hednesford began the second half on the front foot and keeper Budtz had to make early saves to deny Glover , Wright and McNaught .
But the points were sealed on 55 minutes as Taylor found the net and keeper Crane then had to turn another effort onto his bar to deny the Bucks a third .
There was a strange moment late on as a linesman appeared to argue Buxton had already made all three substitutions as they lined up their third , who was eventually allowed to go on .
This Saturday Buxton head to Spennymoor Town , who are in ninth place , the sides having drawn 2-2 at Silverlands back in October .
MUNICH , April 12 Cristiano Ronaldo struck twice as holders Real Madrid came from behind to win 2-1 at Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .
Bayern 's Arturo Vidal opened the scoring and missed a penalty but Ronaldo volleyed the equaliser in the 47th minute and scored the winner 13 minutes from time when he was picked out by Marco Asenio and finished calmly .
Vidal struck in the 25th minute when he evaded Nacho and met Thiago Alcantara 's corner with a thumping header to cap off a spell of Bavaria dominance , but he blazed a penalty over the bar in first-half stoppage time following Dani Carvajal 's handball .
Bayern keeper Manuel Neuer denied Ronaldo and Gareth Bale with fine stops but after Javi Martinez was sent off in the 61st minute following two quick-fire yellow cards , Real took control , leaving Bayern with much to do ahead of the second leg in Spain on Tuesday . ( Reporting by Ed Dove , editing by Ed Osmond )
* Gains for euro , sterling prod dollar index lower
* Euro on course for best week this year
* But weekly rise in 1-week volatility most since launch of euro
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON , April 20 The euro jumped around half a percent against the dollar on Thursday as some traders shut down broad bets against the common currency and French assets ahead of the first round of presidential elections on Sunday .
The countdown to the French vote , which polls suggest will usher far-right candidate Marine Le Pen into a two-person runoff next month , has seen market measures of implied currency volatility surge week-on-week by the largest extent since the launch of the euro .
However , the euro itself has firmed , gaining 1.5 percent since the start of a shortened trading week on Tuesday to reach its highest level since the end of March . By 1030 GMT it was up 0.45 percent on the day at $ 1.0760 .
Traders said short-term players were closing out positions taken in anticipation of euro weakness into the vote , in part emboldened by the steady drip of polls confirming that centrist candidate and favourite Emmannuel Macron would lead returns on Sunday .
`` Squaring up may be a factor , '' said BMO strategist Stephen Gallo . `` Short euro is still one of the larger positions out there . No risk on the table means take some of that off . So you would take off your euro shorts , take off your short OAT positions and put your money under the mattress . ''
`` ( But ) there is still no fundamental reason for the euro to be rising here . ''
The stakes for investors in Sunday 's vote are high , with both Le Pen and another anti-European Union , anti-euro candidate -- the far-left Jean-Luc Melenchon - among the top four .
Another trader at a major bank in London said he had seen substantial demand for options structures hedging investors against volatility in the currency , but said that was driven by the need to protect against a fall rather than a rise .
`` The narrative that the outcome of the election is looking better in recent weeks is simply WRONG , '' Deutsche Bank strategist George Saravelos wrote in a brief note to clients on Thursday morning 's price action .
`` All four main contenders are within 4 points , well within the 6 point margin of error in previous elections .
`` Market behaviour is starting to look worryingly similar to the run-up to the Brexit and Trump votes where investors started to overweight marginal shifts/info in polls , creating a self-reinforcing belief that things are OK , '' he added .
Traders also said that the moves came amid a broadly weaker tone to the dollar , which sold off across the board on Tuesday as faith in continuing U.S. economic outperformance and the Trump administration 's promises of tax reform wavered .
The dollar index was down 0.2 percent on Thursday , also falling sharply against sterling and the New Zealand dollar before regaining some poise .
`` We still expect the dollar to strengthen a bit more into the end of year , but I acknowledge risks that the dollar has peaked , '' said Barclays strategist Hamish Pepper .
`` The data has started to look slightly more inconsistent than it was , and there is the doubt over what we will get on the fiscal front . ''
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters : //realtime/verb=Open/url=http : //emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets ( Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni , editing by Gareth Jones )
The logo of Exxon Mobil Corporation is shown on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York , December 30 , 2015 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
HOUSTON A federal judge in Texas on Wednesday kicked an Exxon Mobil Corp lawsuit seeking to thwart two states from pursuing a fraud case over climate change to a Manhattan court , saying his court was n't the best place to resolve the dispute .
A group of state attorneys general , led by New York 's Eric Schneiderman , brought a securities fraud suit against the world 's largest publicly traded oil company in 2015 claiming it misled investors by soft-pedaling the dangers of climate change .
Exxon criticized their case as intended to get the company and others in the oil and gas industry to change their positions on climate change . It responded with its own suit in U.S. District Court in Dallas .
That suit argued the states conspired with climate activists to target Exxon and the states ' demands for documents dating back 40 years violated its rights to protection against unreasonable searches and were abusive .
U.S. District Judge Ed Kinkeade , who earlier sought to question Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey over Exxon 's claims the original fraud lawsuit was biased , ruled in favor of Healey and her New York counterpart . He wrote his court was not the proper venue because events at issue in the case took place in New York .
But the judge 's decision questioned whether the two AGs `` are trying to hide something , '' citing an agreement with climate activists not to publicly discuss their contacts . He also said the agreement should be open to discovery by Exxon attorneys .
Exxon had argued that the requests for documents were , as the judge summarized it , tools to cultivate the political goals of Healey and New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman .
Despite having the case transferred to Manhattan , an Exxon spokesman said the company was gratified the judge agreed its `` claims involve important issues , '' adding : `` We look forward to continuing the case in that court . ''
Healey also lauded the decision to move the case , saying `` we will continue to argue that this frivolous lawsuit should be dismissed . ''
Amy Spitalnick , a spokeswoman for Schneiderman , said in a statement that the judge 's remarks in the ruling were `` riddled with factual errors and oil industry spin , '' and said Exxon was free to make the same claims in New York but `` so far , inexplicably have not done so . ''
The case is 4:16-cv-00469 in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas , Fort Worth division .
( Reporting by Gary McWilliams ; Editing by Michael Perry )
Drowning victims identified as 2 college students
WILBRAHAM , Mass . ( AP ) — Two Saudi Arabian students who were swept away in the current of a Massachusetts river have been identified .
Authorities say 27-year-old Theeb Alyami of Hartford , Connecticut and 25-year-old Jaser Daham Alrakah of Springfield drowned when the current of the Chicopee River in Wilbraham swept them beneath the current last week .
Alrakah was an engineering student at Western New England University . Alyami was enrolled at the University of Hartford in a civil engineering program .
The Hampden District Attorney 's office says Tuesday both students attended local colleges .
Police responded to the river on Friday for multiple swimmers in distress . The bodies of the two students were recovered Friday and Monday .
FILE PHOTO : Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha talks to media at a polling station during a constitutional referendum vote in Bangkok , Thailand August 7 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jorge Silva/File Photo
BANGKOK Thirty media bodies in Thailand marked World Press Freedom day on Wednesday by calling on the military government to scrap legislation that seeks to tighten control of news reporting in the Southeast Asian country .
The call came days after a junta-appointed reform panel approved a bill to regulate the media that has drawn opposition from rights groups who say it is designed to boost state interference and curb independent reporting .
If adopted , the bill could establish a regulatory panel of 15 people , including two state officials and seven media representatives , to oversee all media platforms in Thailand , whether print , broadcast or online .
`` The bill is essentially designed to facilitate political interference in the media and restrict press freedom , '' the Thai media organizations said in a joint statement .
The military government on Wednesday called off an event hosted by the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Thailand ( FCCT ) focusing on the as yet unsolved disappearance of a revolution plaque commemorating the end of absolute monarchy in 1932 - a subject on which the junta has largely evaded questions .
In a statement , the FCCT said , `` ( The club ) stands by its colleagues in Thailand 's domestic media as they struggle to maintain professional standards and editorial independence in particularly challenging times . ''
Thailand 's military government , which took power in a bloodless 2014 coup , has attracted international criticism for curbing free speech and threatening press freedom .
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said the government had no intention to silence media with the bill , but regulations were needed to push up the quality of the media .
The media is `` an important part of the government 's work '' , Prayuth told reporters at an event to mark World Press Freedom Day . `` So I want the press to be balanced while working with the government for the people . ''
The government will now review the draft bill , before it goes to the National Legislative Assembly , a parliamentary body appointed by the military , for approval and passage into law , he added .
Thailand fell six places this year to rank 142 out of 180 countries on the World Press Freedom Index of the Paris-based group , Reporters Without Borders .
( Reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat ; Additional reporting by Aukkarapon Niyomyat and Panarat Thepgumpanat ; Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Clarence Fernandez )
Heather Morris has paid tribute to her late 'Glee ' co-star Mark Salling .
The 35-year-old died by suicide last week while awaiting sentence for possession of child pornography and Heather , who worked with him on the comedy musical took to her Instagram account to remember him .
She posted a quote from R.M . Drake that read , `` One day you 'll make peace with your demons , and the chaos in your heart will settle flat . And maybe for the first time in your life , life will smile right back at you and welcome you home . ''
Heather added a broken heart emoji and wrote : `` # markwaynesalling . ''
Following Mark 's death , co-star Jane Lynch called him a `` troubled , troubled guy '' .
She said : `` It 's been tough . He was a troubled , troubled guy , and he always was . This is a very sad end to it , but I know that he 's at peace now . He 's in the arms of a beneficent force . I know life was very , very hard for Mark . I think we all do the best we can at the end of the day . I know Mark did the best he could . ''
Although they worked together for six years on the hit musical teen drama - created by Ryan Murphy - Jane admitted Mark was a `` hard guy to get to know '' .
She said : `` He was a hard guy to get to know . He took videos of the stages and everything . He was so happy to be coming to work , to be on the show . He wrote a song and videotaped his day being on 'Glee ' . Driving into the Paramount lot ... at that time he was living on a cot in a little room . It was a big jump for him in his career , and also , he had a job and was in with this group of really great kids . I think he knew that he was breathing rarefied air . There was so much joy and happiness in his musical video that he shot for himself . Fox made him take it down . But it was a sweet , beautiful expression of his joy and being in 'Glee ' . ''
Following his death , the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner confirmed the star took his own life .
According to the Daily Mail newspaper , which obtained the coroner 's report , Salling 's death was caused by asphyxia from hanging , just six weeks before his sentencing hearing which would see him face four to seven years in prison for his crimes .
April 6 Diamond Bank Plc :
* Says diamond bank is unable to release its 2016 audited financial statements by March 31 , 2017 , as required by nse rules
* Says the bank is optimistic that the accounts will be made available on or before April 30 , 2017 Source : bit.ly/2o0CDrE Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
`` It 's just been different all season but I just try to stay ready , '' Lopez said .
Allen was 6 for 6 for 16 points in the first half , but Lopez answered with 12 points in the third quarter , going 5 for 5 from the field with a pair of 3-pointers to send the teams to the fourth tied at 85 .
The Lakers shut the Nets out for more than five minutes while scoring 11 straight to open a 96-87 lead .
TIP-INS
Lakers : The Nets played a video tribute for Lopez between the first and second quarters that included him dunking over his twin brother , Robin . `` I definitely caught that , '' Lopez said . `` They could have like three or four more of those obviously , it happened so often . '' ... Kyle Kuzma was drafted with the No . 27 pick , which the Lakers acquired from the Nets in the Lopez-Russell trade . ... The Lakers attended the musical `` Hamilton '' on Broadway on Thursday night .
Nets : James Webb III made a 3-pointer in the first half for his first NBA points . The Nets said he was the first Boise State alum to score in the NBA since Coby Karl in 2007-08 . ... Russell finished with 15 points off the bench .
DUNKING LIKE DAD
With Larry Nance Jr. chosen Thursday for the Slam Dunk Contest during All-Star weekend , he 'll have a chance to follow in his father 's footsteps — or flight path . Larry Nance was an NBA high flyer who won the inaugural event in 1984 in Phoenix .
`` His dad was obviously one of the all-time best and now he 's got a chance to go and show what he can do , '' Walton said .
Walton also followed his father , Hall of Famer Bill Walton , to the NBA .
`` Larry 's obviously living his own career , he 's doing his own thing , but there 's something special when you get to do what your father did , '' Walton added .
LIN 'S INJURY
Jeremy Lin has been rehabbing in Vancouver after rupturing his right patellar tendon in the Nets ' season opener . He declined to offer much specific about his treatment , but is working to not only heal the knee but also build up other parts of his body so he can come back quicker and stronger .
`` To have a year off is really , how can I best maximize this time and also to put myself in a position where I 'm not in this position again , '' Lin said . `` I mean this is sports so nothing 's guaranteed , but just addressing a lot of muscle and balances , movement , deficiencies , all these different things . ''
UP NEXT
Lakers : Visit Oklahoma City on Sunday .
Nets : Host Milwaukee on Sunday .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Brian Mahoney , The Associated Press
April 13 Spring Real Estate Investment Trust
* Manager and China Orient Stable Value Fund Limited entered into subscription agreement
* Manager has conditionally agreed to procure Spring Reit to issue , 114.9 million new units at subscription price of hk $ 3.25 per unit
* Gross proceeds of subscription will amount to approximately hk $ 373.37 million
* Manager intends to apply gross proceeds of subscription towards partial early repayment of amounts drawn down under facility Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
From the Aberdeen Police Department :
On Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 at approximately 7:11 PM , the Aberdeen Police Department was dispatched to the area of New County Road for a report of a stabbing . Arriving officers located blood evidence ; however , no victim was present . Officers quickly determined the victim had been transported by an acquaintance to Harford Memorial Hospital for medical treatment .
Criminal Investigations arrived at Harford Memorial Hospital and located a male victim , 19 , suffering from knife wounds to the ribcage and sternum . Based on the severity of his injuries the victim was transported to Maryland Shock Trauma for further treatment . Prior to his transport the victim told investigators the incident began as a result of his intervention to stop a fight between a male and female . The victim alleged a third party , who was present at the time of the fight , became enraged about this intervention , ultimately leading an altercation between the two .
Investigators later developed a suspect , Devin Jerrod Taylor , 22 , after he was located suffering from a cutting wound to his hand at University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake Hospital in Bel Air .
Investigators determined Taylor was responsible for the stabbing . Taylor was arrested and transported to the Harford County Detention Center where he faces Attempted Murder and other assault charges .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Horwath bristled at the suggestion her party , which polls indicate could win the June 7 election , is biased against the police .
`` In fact , I 've spent a great deal of time over these last number of years meeting not only with the chiefs of police as a group , but also with the police associations , '' she said , acknowledging she was shocked by Andrew 's post .
`` It 's the kind of statement that takes one aback . My understanding is it 's language that within the Black community is utilized to show displeasure when there are Black leaders who are not felt to be doing enough to address Black community issues , '' the NDP leader said .
`` As somebody who is not from the Black community when I saw that post that was made public by the Conservatives it was surprising . It 's not something that I would ever say , but we do know that there are lots of situations where Black activists are trying to make some change and put some pressure on large institutions to help change the culture . ''
Horwath 's comments came at the Windsor home of seniors Debby and S.P . Aujlay , who pay $ 500 a month for dental benefits because they do not have coverage .
The New Democrat leader was touting her party 's platform pledge to deliver dental coverage to the one-third of Ontarians who do not enjoy such benefits from their employer .
`` It 's getting hard to come up with $ 500 a month , '' said S.P . Aujlay , 66 , a retired trucker and tool and diemaker .
Debby Aujlay , a retired hospital library technician , said for seniors on a fixed income , expensive dental procedures like root canal or bridgework can be prohibitive .
`` And you ca n't just let it go , '' she said .
Later , in Leamington , Horwath promised that an NDP government would twin Hwy . 3 , a key artery for Southwestern Ontario 's thriving agri-food business . The two-lane highway has been the scene of many serious accidents over the years .
She also blitzed Tory-held ridings in Sarnia and Kitchener as the campaign hits the home stretch .
With files from Kris Rushowy and Rob Ferguson
• U.S. diplomat
• The Oldest member of the Constitutional Convention
• First postmaster general of the United States
• Writer of `` Poor Richard 's Almanac ''
• Started the first free libraries
Franklin was a charismatic figure , but he was not really pivotal in U.S. history . Still , knowledge of Franklin is probably more basic than the authorship of the Federalist Papers . There are no questions about the authorship of the Declaration of Independence , the Constitution or the Bill of Rights .
Publius and Ben Franklin are downright crucial compared to some other questions on the test , such as : `` Name one of the two longest rivers in the United States '' or `` Name two national U.S . holidays . ''
More troubling than the trivial questions , are the USCIS-approved answers that are incomplete , misleading or incorrect , especially given the official instruction that `` applicants are encouraged to respond to the civics questions using the answers provided below . ''
With that in mind , here is Question 51 :
What are two rights of everyone living in the United States ?
• Freedom of expression
• Freedom of speech
• Freedom of assembly
• Freedom to petition the government
• Freedom of religion
• The right to bear arms
Missing are freedom from unreasonable search and seizure , the privilege against self-incrimination , the right to counsel and reasonable bail , protection against cruel and unusual punishment , and the rights to due process and equal protection of the law . Anyone studying from the approved answers will miss learning about most of the Constitution , and may get marked wrong for mentioning anything after the Second Amendment .
And here is Question 83 :
During the Cold War , what was the main concern of the United States ?
• Communism
The single approved answer would give 20th-century historians fits . Yes , the U.S. was concerned about communism , but there was also a good bit of geopolitical rivalry unrelated to ideology . And the greatest concern during the Cold War was keeping it from turning into a hot war with nuclear weapons , say by achieving disarmament . But that answer would be considered incorrect by USCIS examiners .
If the Cold War had only one `` main concern , '' according to USCIS , the Civil War was more ambiguous .
Here is Question 74 :
Name one problem that led to the Civil War .
• Slavery
• Economic reasons
•States ' rights
Well , you could say that the insistence on states ' rights to slavery led to the Civil War , or that the economics of slavery expansion played a role , but the multiple answers enshrine historical revisionism at its worst .
Some answers are simply wrong . Question 87 asks for the name of `` one American Indian tribe in the United States , '' followed by a list of `` federally recognized '' tribes . The last entry is `` Inuit , '' thus making three mistakes at once . Although they are a native people , the Inuit do n't consider themselves Indians , they are not a tribe and they live in Canada ( their Alaskan counterparts , the Yupik and Inupiat , are not among the USCIS answers ) .
Other answers are equally incomplete or misleading , including one that might make Prince Harry balk .
Here is Question 53 :
What is one promise you make when you become a United States citizen ?
• Give up loyalty to other countries .
• Defend the Constitution and laws of the United States .
• Obey the laws of the United States .
• Serve in the U.S. military ( if needed ) .
• Serve ( do important work for ) the nation ( if needed ) .
• Be loyal to the United States .
It is true that the required oath reads : `` I hereby declare , on oath , that I absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince , potentate , state , or sovereignty , of whom or which I have heretofore been a subject or citizen . ''
In fact , the U.S. recognizes dual citizenship , and allows naturalized Americans to retain citizenship in their homelands . Prince Harry , however , is fifth in line for the British crown , and he is unlikely to forswear allegiance to himself as `` potentate '' ( even potentially ) . But just in case , he should note that our two longest rivers are the Mississippi and the Missouri , and we celebrate Independence Day on the Fourth of July .
GENEVA , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - An estimated 90 migrants are feared to have drowned off the coast of Libya after a smuggler 's boat capsised early on Friday , leaving three known survivors and 10 bodies washed up on shore , the International Organisation for Migration ( IOM ) said .
Survivors told aid workers that most of the migrants on board were Pakistanis , who form a growing group heading to Italy , IOM spokeswoman Olivia Headon , speaking from Tunis , told a Geneva news briefing .
“ They have given an estimate of 90 who drowned during the capsise , but we still have to verify the exact number of people who lost their lives during the tragedy , ” she said . ( Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay ; Editing by Peter Graff )
April 20 Axfood Ab
* Says board of directors of axfood has decided to exercise authorization granted to it by annual general meeting on 15 March 2017 to repurchase own shares Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 20 Bank Of New York Mellon Corp
* BNY Mellon reports first quarter earnings of $ 880 million or $ 0.83 per common share
* Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Net income applicable to common shareholders was $ 0.73 per diluted common share , in the first quarter of 2016
* Qtrly total revenue of $ 3.84 billion , increased 3 % year-over-year
* At quarter-end aum of $ 1.73 trillion increased 5 %
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.80 , revenue view $ 3.83 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Q1 net interest revenue $ 792 million versus $ 766 million last year
* Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Q1 non-GAAP total revenue $ 3,825 million versus . $ 3,737 million last year
* Qtrly net long-term inflows of $ 14 billion in 1Q17
* Qtrly net short-term inflows of $ 13 billion in 1Q17
* Bank of New York Mellon Corp says declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $ 0.19 per common share
* Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Q1 provision for credit losses was a credit of $ 5 million
* Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Standardized common equity tier 1 capital ratio at Q1-end of 12.0 percent versus 12.3 percent at Q4-end Source text : [ bit.ly/2pG3MAz ] Further company coverage :
Australian PM mocks Trump over `` Russian guy '' at media party
MELBOURNE , June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia , according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event .
BLACKSBURG , Va. — Anthony Lawrence II scored a career-high 25 points to lift Miami to an 84-75 victory over Virginia Tech on Saturday .
Lawrence hit 9 of 10 from the floor , including three 3-pointers , as Miami ( 17-5 , 6-4 ACC ) won its second straight game and fourth in its past five . Lonnie Walker IV and DJ Vasiljevic added 14 points each .
Behind torrid first-half shooting — 58.6 per cent ( 17 of 29 ) — Miami grabbed the early lead and led for the final 37 minutes . Virginia Tech ( 16-7 , 5-5 ) used an 8-0 run to cut the lead to 66-63 on a layup by Justin Robinson with 3:51 remaining , but the Walker hit a clutch 3-pointer with 3:22 to go to push the lead to 69-63 , and Virginia Tech got no closer than four the rest of the way .
The 'Canes relied on something down the stretch that is n't their strength to hold off the Hokies — free-throw shooting . The ACC 's worst free-throw shooting team coming into the game made 9 of 12 in the final 1:16 . They hit 16 of 23 ( 69.6 per cent ) .
Lawrence finished with his second straight double , grabbing 13 rebounds as well
Robinson led Virginia Tech with 22 points . Justin Bibbs had 16 .
BIG PICTURE
Miami : Despite the loss of Bruce Brown Jr. ( 11.4 ppg , 7.1 rpg ) , who underwent surgery Thursday for a left foot injury that will keep him out six weeks , the 'Canes quietly continue to put together a strong resume for NCAA Tournament consideration . They won their sixth true road game of the season , and if they get Brown back , they could be a tough out if they get in the tournament .
Virginia Tech : The Hokies had won three straight games to play their way into the NCAA Tournament discussion , but missed on an opportunity for a stronger case . Virginia Tech now has lost three conference games at home and faces a brutal schedule down the stretch that includes two games against Duke and games against Louisville and Virginia , as well as a rematch against Miami in Coral Gables .
UP NEXT
ADDIS ABABA The United States said on Thursday it would maintain training for east and central African regional forces to prevent warlord Joseph Kony 's rebels from regrouping , despite plans to pull troops from operations hunting the insurgents .
About 100 U.S. military personnel have been providing a regional force made up of soldiers from Uganda , Democratic Republic of Congo , South Sudan and Central African Republic with intelligence , logistics and other support to track Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) .
The rebel leader has been indicted by the International Criminal Court .
Last month , Washington announced that it was pulling its contingent out of operations against the LRA , saying the insurgent force had been `` dramatically weakened '' .
`` We obviously have concerns about the possibility of the LRA coming back to fruition , '' Marine General Thomas Waldhauser , the top U.S. military commander overseeing troops in Africa , told journalists in a telephone briefing .
`` We will continue to work with those countries with training and exercises ... because even though we are officially ending ( the mission ) , we are certainly aware of the fact that we do not want to leave a void there . ''
For nearly two decades , the LRA battled the government of Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni from bases in the north of the country and across the border in what is now South Sudan .
They were notorious for their brutality and for kidnapping children for use as fighters and sex slaves .
In 2005 , they were ejected from those bases and retreated to a lawless patch of jungle straddling the borders of South Sudan , Democratic Republic of Congo and Central African Republic ( CAR ) .
Kampala announced on Wednesday that it has also begun withdrawing troops from CAR , saying its decision to pull out was spurred by `` the realization that the mission to neutralise the LRA has now been successfully achieved . ''
( Reporting by Aaron Maasho ; Editing by Elias Biryabarema )
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
UPDATE 1-S.Korea 's May Iranian crude imports fall to 8-month low
SEOUL , June 15 South Korea 's Iranian crude oil imports dropped to their lowest in eight months in May , with Tehran struggling to maintain shipment volumes after exhausting stocks stored on tankers .
Nearly 40,000 U.S. veterans are homeless , and within that group , the number of homeless female veterans is growing fastest . In many cases they are women with children . We talk with Veterans Affairs social workers Christopher Buser and Jackie Adams to learn how the VA is attacking the homeless vet problem in Maryland . First Major Jaspen Boothe , founder of Final Salute , Inc. , and The Miss Veteran America competition , tells us why she 's dedicated to raising awareness about women vets who are homeless … and filling the gap of support available to them .
People enter the British territory of Gibraltar , historically claimed by Spain , at its border with Spain , in La Linea de la Concepcion , Spain March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jon Nazca
BRUSSELS/MADRID The European Union on Friday offered Spain a right of veto over the future relationship between Gibraltar and the EU after Britain leaves the bloc , a move that could smooth Brexit talks but also dash Gibraltar 's hopes of winning a special status .
The future of Gibraltar , a rocky British enclave on Spain 's southern tip , is set to be a major point of contention in the exit talks along with issues relating to Britain 's access to the EU 's single market or the future rights of EU citizens in the UK and of Britons living in Europe .
Rows between Spain and Britain over Gibraltar have held up entire EU deals in the past – including current legislation governing air travel – and Brussels is keen to avoid a new bilateral dispute getting in the way of an orderly Brexit .
`` This seems intended to give Spain something so they do n't try to hold the whole withdrawal treaty hostage over it , '' one senior EU diplomat said in Brussels .
According to the EU 's draft joint position on the exit talks , which the remaining members are due to approve on April 29 , `` after the United Kingdom leaves the Union , no agreement between the EU and the United Kingdom may apply to the territory of Gibraltar without the agreement between the Kingdom of Spain and the United Kingdom . ''
In essence , it offers Madrid a special share of power over Gibraltar 's fate , but only once the territory is no longer an internal EU problem .
A spokesman for the Spanish government said Madrid was satisfied with the decision .
`` It is what we wanted and what we have said from the beginning ... The recognition by the European Union of the legal and political situation that Spain has defended fully satisfies us , '' Inigo Mendez de Vigo told a news conference following the weekly cabinet meeting .
The Government of Gibraltar issued a statement on Friday evening saying that the draft suggested Spain was trying to get away with mortgaging the future relationship between the EU and Gibraltar .
`` This is a disgraceful attempt by Spain to manipulate the European Council for its own , narrow , political interests ( ... ) a clear manifestation of the predictably predatory attitude that we anticipated Spain would seek to abusively impose on its partners , '' the Chief Minister of Gibraltar , Fabian Picardo , said in an e-mailed statement .
Picardo also said the draft would not change anything regarding `` our continued , exclusive British Sovereignty '' .
SHIFTING ATTITUDES
Spain , which claims sovereignty over `` the Rock '' , which it ceded in 1713 , has frequently irritated its EU partners with attempts to use EU negotiations to put pressure on Gibraltar .
Since Britain 's Brexit vote nine months ago , however , attitudes have shifted significantly , EU diplomats say .
`` The British did n't give a damn about Gibraltar and they created this situation themselves , '' a second senior EU official said . `` No one is going to blame the Spanish for taking advantage . ''
Gibraltar rejected the idea of Britain sharing sovereignty with Spain by 99 percent to 1 percent in a 2002 referendum , but voted overwhelmingly to remain part of the EU in last June 's Brexit vote .
The British government declined to comment on Friday although Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday in her statement to parliament on the triggering of Article 50 that London remained opposed to negotiating any transfer of sovereignty unless the Gibraltar people approved .
Gibraltar 's border with Spain was closed by former dictator Francisco Franco in 1969 and only reopened in the 1980s .
It has said it wanted to negotiate a `` special status '' with the EU after the British exit , something Spain signalled it was ready to discuss without abandoning its claims for joint sovereignty over the disputed territory .
( Additional reporting by William James ; Writing by Julien Toyer ; Editing by Toby Davis and Hugh Lawson )
An Eikon ship-tracking screen shows the position of the North Korean ship Kum Ya off Penang March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysia briefly prevented a North Korean ship carrying coal from entering its port in Penang because of a suspected breach of United Nations sanctions , a port worker and Malaysian maritime officials told Reuters on Wednesday
The KUM YA , was carrying 6,300 metric tonnes of anthracite coal , according to a worker at Penang Port who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity . It was later allowed to dock , where an inspection team accompanied by an armed escort boarded the ship .
A December 2016 U.N. Security Council resolution placed a cap on exports of North Korean coal , and urged member states to apply extra scrutiny on North Korean ships .
Production of coal in North Korea is state-controlled and its exports are a key source of hard currency for the isolated country 's banned nuclear and ballistic missile programmes .
Relations between North Korea and Malaysia , which have been friendly for decades , have soured following the February assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half-brother at Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
The North Korean ship had been initially prevented from entering Penang Port due to a possible breach of U.N. sanctions , MMEA deputy director-general of operations Zulkifli Abu Bakar , told Reuters without offering further details .
It was unclear what the inspectors were checking on .
The United Nations in its annual reports on how members have complied with sanctions have cited a number of instances over the past decade in which North Korean missile parts and coal connected to sanctioned entities were trans-shipped through Malaysia .
Malaysia is one of the few countries in the world which buys North Korean coal , with China by far the biggest importer .
LUCKY STAR
The KUM YA was recently re-flagged as a North Korean ship , changing its name from Lucky Star 7 in November last year , according to the Equasis shipping database .
It was registered on Feb. 13 to North Korean shipping company Sonchonggang Water Transport , according to copies of the ship 's registration documents , which were issued by North Korea 's Maritime Administration , and seen by Reuters .
The ship was carrying 20 crew members , and was scheduled to sail onto Singapore , the port worker said .
The ship listed its port of origin as Busan , South Korea . However , shipping data in Thomson Reuters Eikon shows the cargo was loaded at the Huaneng Shandong Power Station Weihai , a coal-fired power plant . It then sailed to Penang through the South China Sea and the Malacca Strait , the data shows . ( tmsnrt.rs/2ofxNXe )
China halted all coal imports from North Korea starting on Feb. 26 , amid growing tensions on the Korean Peninsula following one of a series of Pyongyang 's missile tests .
Malaysia 's foreign ministry told officials at Penang Port not to let the ship dock before an inspection team had it `` declared safe , '' the port worker said .
The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency ( MMEA ) confirmed the ship had been stopped following instructions from Malaysia 's foreign ministry , which did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
`` Many North Korean ships call on our ports and we never had problems . Just over the recent months , there have been problems , '' the port worker told Reuters . `` We have never received directives to stop North Korean ships before . ''
NOT CONFISCATED
The KUM YA was first stopped at sea before being allowed to dock in port where it was immediately cordoned off , the port worker said .
`` Minerals and Geoscience Department officials were then called to inspect the cargo on board . The department officers were told to confirm it was indeed coal on board , '' the port worker said .
The coal was being unloaded on Wednesday afternoon and has not been confiscated , the port worker said .
Since 2011 , Malaysia has imported over 2 million metric tonnes of coal a year , according to government statistics , which are not broken down by country of origin .
The KUM YA shipment was handled by Malaysian freight forwarding company Alim Maritime Sdn Bhd , the port worker said . An Alim Maritime official reached by telephone declined to comment .
The KUM YA can hold up to 6,843 metric tonnes of cargo , according to Equasis , meaning it was 92 percent full when it arrived in Penang .
( Additional reporting by Emily Chow in KUALA LUMPUR and Henning Gloystein in SINGAPORE ; Editing by Bill Tarrant )
TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO Japan 's Toshiba Corp ( 6502.T ) has narrowed down the field of bidders for its chip unit to four suitors including Broadcom Ltd ( AVGO.O ) and Western Digital Corp ( WDC.O ) , two sources with knowledge of the matter said .
South Korea 's SK Hynix Inc ( 000660.KS ) and Taiwan 's Foxconn ( 2317.TW ) are the other bidders , they said , adding that Broadcom has partnered with U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP .
The sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak on the matter publicly .
There were about 10 bidders in the first round of offers , sources have said previously .
Toshiba has said it needs to sell most or all of the prized business to cover charges related to U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric that threaten the Japanese conglomerate 's future .
( Reporting by Taro Fuse in TOKYO and Liana B. Baker in SAN FRANCISCO ; Writing by Tim Kelly ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
Justin Rose of England reacts to missing his putt on the 18th green during regulation play in the final round of the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Segar
AUGUSTA , Georgia Justin Rose was bloodied but unbowed after losing to Sergio Garcia in a dramatic playoff at the U.S. Masters on Sunday .
The Englishman and Spaniard went toe to toe in a thrilling duel at Augusta which ebbed and flowed until Rose drove into the trees at the first extra hole and Garcia drained a 10-foot birdie putt to win the title .
Rose , the 2013 U.S. Open champion , was proud of the way he coped with the pressure-cooker atmosphere , making five birdies and two bogeys in the cauldron of Augusta .
`` I felt pretty much in control of my game and the tournament for the most part all day , '' Rose told reporters . `` It is going to sting for sure but I really feel that this is a tournament that I can win .
`` Masters Sunday , it 's a special day . Being in the final group is an incredible experience . The crowd , there 's a lot of energy out there , '' he added .
`` It came down to the back nine on Sunday here , which is what this tournament is famous for . It must have been fun to watch . ''
Rose put together rock-solid rounds of 71 , 72 , 67 and 69 to finish level with Garcia on nine under par and the Englishman was delighted for his opponent to land his first major title at the 74th attempt .
`` Sergio and I have played a lot of golf together since we were 14 years old , '' said Rose , 36 , who has been a teammate with Garcia on four European Ryder Cup teams .
`` We have a great friendship and a good rivalry . It is good for him to have the monkey off his back and I am very pleased for him . ''
Rose has come a long way since springing to prominence as a 17-year-old amateur when he holed a shot from the rough at the final hole to finish tied fourth in the 1998 British Open .
He turned professional but initially struggled , missing 21 consecutive cuts and losing his European Tour card in 2000 .
Rose regrouped quickly , however , and has established himself as one of the game 's leading players , now ranked 14th in the world .
His victory in the 2013 U.S. Open at Merion confirmed his place among golf 's elite players and he finished runner-up to Jordan Spieth in the 2015 Masters .
He has played in four Ryder Cups , including the 2012 `` Miracle at Medinah '' when he beat five-times major champion Phil Mickelson in the singles to help Europe recover from 10-6 down to defeat the United States in one of sport 's great comebacks .
The Olympic gold medal at last year 's Games in Rio de Janeiro was another significant landmark for Rose who believes he is at the peak of his powers .
`` When I won at Merion I looked at it as I 've got 40 majors in my prime and how many can I pick off , '' he said .
`` I still have 20 or so left that I feel really primed and ready for . ''
( Editing by Andrew Both )
Belfast International Airport donated £4,000 to the DUP in North Antrim this year , a watchdog has said .
The money was paid to the party 's North Antrim Westminster Association . Ian Paisley is MP for the area .
This is the second time the Electoral Commission has published such information after legislation was passed at Westminster to allow donations and loans worth more than £7,500 to parties in Northern Ireland to be listed .
Another donation worth £2,000 was paid by former party candidate James Kingan to the Ulster Unionist Party 's North Down Association .
Ann Watt , head of the Electoral Commission in Northern Ireland , said : `` We welcome the public scrutiny and transparency this allows within our democratic process . ''
A statement from Belfast International Airport said : `` We support all our political parties where it is clear that the events they organise are to the benefit of the airport .
`` We are currently campaigning for the removal of air passenger duty and that means engaging with senior Government figures to get our points across .
`` We will continue with our efforts to remove APD and to engage with all politicians from whatever party to achieve that objective . ''
The total accepted in the first quarter of this year included £107,848 to the DUP and £80,327 to Sinn Fein .
Ms Watt said it was `` disappointing '' to report that two parties failed to deliver their returns on time - Sinn Fein and the United Kingdom Veterans ' and People 's Party .
`` Where there is no reasonable explanation for such a failure we will take a robust approach in line with our enforcement policy . ''
Meanwhile , the commission is investigating money paid by a local council in Northern Ireland to sponsor a table at a DUP dinner .
A donation of £1,500 is at the centre of the probe into an event hosted by Mr Paisley at the Tullyglass Hotel in Ballymena , Co Antrim , last year .
Environment Secretary Michael Gove was guest speaker .
A commission spokesman said : `` The Electoral Commission has opened an investigation into the donation from Mid and East Antrim Council to Ian Paisley MP .
`` We ca n't go into further detail as this is now a live investigation . ''
Mr Paisley has said the council 's money went directly to the hotel .
He said : `` I can confirm the Electoral Commission is continuing its investigation into Mid & East Antrim Borough Council 's purchase of a table at my constituency dinner last year .
`` I look forward to them concluding the matter soon . ''
The DUP is propping up Theresa May 's minority Government at Westminster on key votes and has hosted Conservatives a number of times in Northern Ireland .
The council has said the money was paid to Tullyglass Hotel and not to the DUP .
Under Electoral Commission rules , councils are not considered permissible donors , meaning any money should be returned .
A council statement said : `` Council received an invitation to a North Antrim Annual Business and Community dinner at the Tullyglass Hotel , hosted and facilitated by Ian Paisley MP , with special guest Rt Hon Michael Gove , sponsored by Belfast International Airport .
`` Council paid the Tullyglass Hotel via electronic payment .
`` No money was exchanged between council and the DUP . Council will fully co-operate with any investigation . ''
March 31Allgeier SE :
* Said on Thursday German Ciber companies file insolvency petition with the District Court of Cologne
* Said on Thursday that due to insolvency application of German Ciber companies , the purchase contract can not be implemented as planned
* Nevertheless , Allgeier evaluates the portfolio and the services of the German Ciber companies as positive
* Said negotiations on the asset deal , which has already been envisaged , should be continued
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Have your say
A derailed freight train is currently causing some problems on the railways in the East Midlands .
The train has derailed between Peterborough and Ely disrupting trains on the Liverpool Lime Street / Nottingham / Norwich route .
It is though the train derailed at around 2.30pm but no injuries are being reported
The line is currently closed between Peterborough and Ely .
East Midlands Trains are unable to run between Peterborough and Ely and a spokeman said this disruption will continue for the rest of the evening .
There is the potential that the disruption to services may last a couple of days .
A statement from East Midlands trains said :
`` In order to get you to where you need to be we have arranged for the following alternative routes to be available to you .
`` These routes remain the most comfortable and quickest journey options :
`` You can travel on GTR Great Northern services via Liverpool Street to / from Norwich . Greater Anglia are running trains between Ely and Norwich in both directions which you can use your ticket on .
`` You are also able to travel on Virgin Trains East Coast , Hull trains , via Kings Cross and Liverpool Street to go to / from Norwich .
`` Cross Country are accepting East Midlands Trains customers on any reasonable route and Virgin Trains West Coast are accepting our tickets for customers travelling to / from Norwich to Liverpool Lime Street and the North West .
`` We are running replacement buses between Peterborough and Ely in both directions .
`` Advance purchase tickets may be used on other trains , than booked on the affected route .
`` These arrangements will remain in place until the line re-opens and the train service recovers . ''
Good morning and welcome to our live rolling news feed .
We 'll bring you everything you need to know until 10am .
Ross Brawn has ruled out scrapping F1 's plans to replace the current 'power units ' after 2020 .
The now F1 sporting boss was once Ferrari 's highly successful technical director , but now he is dealing with the Italian marque 's threat to quit .
`` I was pretty surprised by these reactions , '' he told Auto Bild , also referring to Mercedes ' similar quit threat .
`` I was in some of the meetings , and I thought the direction was clear . Everyone agreed unanimously on the new goals that the engines should achieve , and we based the new rules on that . ''
But Brawn said the disagreements are not terminal .
`` It 's like a restaurant where some like the appetiser but not the main course , and vice versa , '' said the Briton .
`` That 's why there are new discussions taking place now . If the manufacturers offer better solutions we are open , but staying with the current power units is not an option , '' he insisted .
He said that 's because `` 60 to 70 per cent '' of all F1 fans want louder and more spectacular engines , while new manufacturers will not enter the sport unless there is change .
As for Ferrari 's quit threat , Brawn said : `` That 's a rhetorical question .
`` Of course we do not want to lose Ferrari . Ferrari benefits from formula one and formula one benefits from Ferrari . But every partnership has limits .
`` So it 's a matter of what Ferrari can accept , and what we can accept . We want to find solutions that keep everyone in formula one , and above all we do n't want to lose any iconic teams .
`` They are an important part of formula one and we must respect and listen to them , '' Brawn added .
ROSTER MOVES…
The New York Giants placed wide receiver Darius Powe on Injured Reserve on Monday . Powe broke his foot during Sunday 's game against the Dallas Cowboys in his NFL debut . The Giants originally signed Powe as an undrafted rookie free agent after the 2016 NFL Draft and he spent the 2016 season on the team 's Practice Squad . The Giants added him to the Practice Squad again in October of this year and signed him to the 53-man roster last week .
The Giants also waived defensive tackle Khyri Thornton , who the team signed in late November after he was cut by the Detroit Lions .
Meanwhile , the Denver Broncos signed tight end Matt LaCosse off of the Giants ' Practice Squad . LaCosse played in three games this season . He was released in November and then signed to the Practice Squad . LaCosse was originally signed by the Giants as an undrafted rookie free agent after the 2015 NFL Draft .
The Giants also terminated the Practice Squad contract of linebacker Trevor Bates , who the team signed to the Practice Squad in late October 2017 . Bates was originally drafted in the 7th round of the 2016 NFL Draft by the Indianapolis Colts .
INTERIM HEAD COACH STEVE SPAGNUOLO…
The transcript of Steve Spagnuolo 's press conference on Monday is available in The Corner Forum while the video is available at Giants.com .
THE PLAYERS SPEAK…
Transcripts and video clips of the media sessions with the following players are available in The Corner Forum and at Giants.com :
LANDON COLLINS ON ESPN RADIO…
The audio of Monday 's ESPN Radio interview with New York Giants safety Landon Collins is available at ESPN.com .
ARTICLES…
WHAT 'S UP NEXT…
There is no scheduled media availability the New York Giants on Tuesday . The players return to practice on Wednesday in preparation for Sunday 's home game against the Philadelphia Eagles .
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http : //bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage :
Shares of Glaukos Corp ( GKOS.N ) could fall 30 percent in the next year , as years of success by the medical device maker has attracted competition from larger companies that threaten its market share , according to the April 10 edition of Barron 's .
Glaukos shares have risen 150 percent to around $ 50 since June 2015 , trading at 300 times expected earnings and 10 times forecast sales , the financial newspaper said .
The San Clemente , California-based company , which makes tiny titanium stents called iStents used to treat the progressive eye disease glaucoma , has had this market to itself in the United States .
But new rivals , including Novartis AG 's ( NOVN.S ) Alcon unit and Allergan Plc ( AGN.N ) , are set to challenge its dominance and put pressure on pricing , Barron 's said .
Alcon , the world 's largest eye care company , recently won approval for a competing product , while Glaukos is unlikely to have a new product on the market before the second half of next year , Barron 's said .
`` Although Glaukos dominates the stent market in minimally invasive glaucoma surgery , it is still a small company reliant on just one product for the foreseeable future , as bigger rivals emerge , '' the paper said . `` That 's a prescription for disappointment , and a potentially steep stock price decline . ''
( Reporting by John McCrank in New York ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Automodular Corp :
* AUTOMODULAR CORPORATION ANNOUNCES RECEIPT OF INTERIM ORDER FOR PROPOSED TRANSACTION WITH HLS THERAPEUTICS INC . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Reuters Health ) - - The scars and facial features of some of cinema 's most terrifying villains may end up haunting people who share those traits , suggests a new study .
Of the American Film Institute 's top 10 American film villains , most had skin conditions like scars , excessive hair loss , abnormal skin color and deep wrinkles , researchers found .
`` It appears that skin conditions are used in films to drive home this dichotomy between good and evil and may facilitate a tendency toward discrimination targeted at those with skin disease , '' said lead author Dr. Julie Amthor Croley , of the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston .
Using skin conditions like scars and wrinkles for movie villains dates back to the early days of filmmaking , Croley and her colleagues write in JAMA Dermatology .
In the era of silent films , `` filmmakers relied on visual cues in the absence of spoken words , '' she told Reuters Health . `` This good guy and bad guy bias was born . ''
For the new study , the researchers compared skin features of the American Film Institute 's top 10 film villains and heroes .
Dr. Hannibal Lecter from 1991 's The Silence of the Lambs had significant hair loss , for example . And under his iconic helmet , Darth Vader in the 1980 's The Empire Strikes Back had scars , deep wrinkles and dark circles around his eyes . The evil queen from 1938 's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs also had several skin issues , including an enlarged red nose and wrinkles .
Meanwhile , only two of the top 10 film heroes had noticeable skin issues . Rocky Balboa from 1976 's Rocky had cuts and bruises from his battles . Similarly , Will Kane from 1952 's High Noon had some cuts on his face .
Croley said scars on movie heroes tended to be the actors ' own while those on villains were `` prominent , multiple , unique and applied by makeup . ''
She said that while using flawed skin to indicate movie villains is likely ingrained from the silent movies , modern filmmakers may instinctively use those characteristics in their movies .
This bias has persisted to present day `` and may foster a tendency toward prejudice in our society directed at those with skin disease , '' Croley 's team wrote in their report .
`` What we hope to achieve from this study is an increased awareness among the general public , filmmakers and others , '' said Croley .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2nYUZti JAMA Dermatology , online April 5 , 2017 .
NASA launched its OSIRIS-REx mission in September of 2016 to help scientists better understand Bennu , an asteroid with a slight chance of crashing into Earth one day . Beth Ellen Clark Joseph , professor and chair of the Department of Physics and Astronomy , has been the asteroid scientist for the mission since its inception . Recently , Clark spoke about the mission at the European Planetary Science Congress in Riga , Latvia .
Opinion Editor Meaghan McElroy spoke with Clark about asteroid science , the OSIRIS-REx mission and her experience in Latvia .
This interview has been edited for length and clarity .
Meaghan McElroy : You recently gave the keynote speech in Latvia about the OSIRIS-REx mission . How did you initially get involved with this ?
Beth Clark : I received an invitation by email from one of the special session conveners . He 's a person known to me by the peer review process … and from reading each other 's publications and literature . So he was putting together a session on space exploration , and he invited me . The OSIRIS-REx mission is a pretty large project , and there are a number of us working on the project . I feel like we really take turns attending these conferences and giving talks , and it was my turn .
MM : I saw that you were the asteroid specialist . Can you tell me about that ?
BC : The project has three mission scientists . We have a geophysical scientist , an asteroid scientist and a sample scientist . … The third area is a mission asteroid scientist , and that 's a catch-all phrase for the spectrometer experiments that we have on board . … Each of these experiments has different science goals , and they compliment each other . They have different wavelength ranges over which they operate . But given that , it 's important that they coordinate their observations and coordinate the teams so we know what the other sides of the projects are doing .
MM : Can you explain what the project really is about ?
BC : We are going to an asteroid that is a potentially hazardous object ; its orbit crosses the orbit of Earth . … There are two points where we cross . If we happen to be at one of those points at the same time , then there 's an impact . So this asteroid is a potentially hazardous impactor . It 's not predicted to impact in the near future , but there 's a chance — a nonzero probability — that 150 years from now , it could impact . … We 're also going to obtain samples . We 're using a novel sampling method , something that has n't been tried before . … For comparison purposes , there was less than a gram returned from the last asteroid mission . … The other really fun and exciting part of this project is one of the spectrometers is going to look at the asteroid in a wavelength range that has really never been done before .
MM : Why are you interested in asteroids and space ?
BC : I would have to go back to my undergraduate days as a geologist in UC Berkeley studying minerals , and somebody gave me a meteorite . The minerals looked absolutely different from anything I had ever seen on Earth from any Earth rock , and this was exciting . Then , when I learned that this little rock I was holding was 4.6 billion years old — the age of the solar system , older than any rock known on planet Earth or the moon — that was another extremely exciting aspect of these rocks . It all goes back to being an undergrad geology student . … When it came time to apply to graduate school , I knew I was fascinated by meteorites . The school that I ended up going to be the University of Hawaii , and they had fantastic telescopes , so I broadened my studies to include the parent bodies of these meteorites .
MM : Is there anything you 're hoping to get from the OSIRIS-REx mission in particular ?
BC : I think what 's really exciting for me is I have a foot in the door in this NASA mission , and I 'm a teacher . I feel like it 's not worth anything if I just go off and do NASA stuff ; what makes it worthwhile is getting my students involved and telling my students about our discoveries and passing the baton for asteroid science . What makes it really exciting for me is not just the asteroid science itself , but the sense of I 've been watching my colleagues age on this project , and we 're all older now . … We 're not writing the programs that are doing the data analysis — that work is going to younger people , and this is how we pass on the baton . My students are going to grow up and have management positions on future NASA missions . It 's the cycle of human involvement in space exploration that 's very cool .
'Wonderful initiative ' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There 's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land , but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure .
( Adds auction results ; updates prices ) * 10-year note yields hit resistance at 2.19 pct * French election , North Korea tensions in focus * Rising stocks reduce demand for bonds * Strong demand for $ 16 bln 5-year TIPS auction By Karen Brettell NEW YORK , April 20 U.S. Treasury yields rose on Thursday as investors waited on the results from the French presidential election this weekend and as rising risk appetite boosted stocks , after yields fell earlier and broke below key technical resistance . With no major economic data releases this week investors were focused on the first round of the French election , to be held on Sunday , U.S. tensions with North Korea and any new indications on when the Trump administration is likely to undertake tax and fiscal reforms . Benchmark 10-year notes have struggled to stay below technical resistance at around 2.19 percent , which was tested in overnight trading , after yields fell more than 40 basis points in a month . “ The 2.19 percent level represents about 50 percent of the post-election selloff , which is why it 's such a significant resistance level , ” said Thomas Simons , a money market economist at Jefferies in New York . The 10-year note fell 12/32 in price to yield 2.25 percent . The yield briefly fell as low as 2.165 percent on Tuesday , the lowest level since Nov. 10 , and it has tumbled from 2.63 percent on March 14 . “ We 've come a long way very , very fast so gains up here are going to be more difficult to get or sustain , ” said Mary Ann Hurley , vice president in fixed income trading at D.A . Davidson in Seattle . Bonds extended price losses as rising stocks reduced demand for safe-haven debt . Bonds prices have been boosted in recent weeks by reduced expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates two more times this year following disappointing economic data . The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is also seen as less likely to pass fiscal or tax reforms in the near term , which had been expected to boost growth . “ Over the last month , the viability of the Trump economic agenda is definitely in question , ” Simons said . The Trump administration will unveil a tax reform plan very soon and expects it will be approved by Congress this year whether a healthcare overhaul happens or not , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday . Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Thursday that two more interest rate hikes this year remain possible , but that the U.S. central bank has the flexibility to wait and see how the economy unfolds . The Treasury Department sold $ 16 billion in five-year Treasury inflation-protected securities to strong demand , with dealers taking their smallest ever share of the sale . The U.S. government will sell $ 88 billion in two-year , five-year and seven-year notes next week . ( Editing by Leslie Adler ) )
The Latest : 2 adults , 2 babies killed in California crash
PALMDALE , Calif. ( AP ) — The Latest on a Southern California desert crash that killed four people ( all times local ) :
9:30 p.m .
Authorities say a Southern California couple and their two baby girls have died after their car swerved into an oncoming van on a desert road .
Authorities say the car may have been speeding when it crossed into an oncoming lane and was T-boned by an Antelope Valley vanpool on Tuesday on the Sierra Highway in Palmdale .
Investigators say a couple in their 20s and a girl believed to be about a year old died in the crash and another girl , also believed to be about a year old , died at a hospital .
All four were either wearing seatbelts or were in car seats . Their names have n't been released .
The driver of the van was treated at a hospital for non-life threatening injuries .
___
3:35 p.m .
Los Angeles County authorities say two adults and two children have been killed in a collision on a desert highway .
County fire department officials say the two-car crash happened late Wednesday morning in Palmdale .
Television news footage showed a passenger van with its front end crushed and a completely demolished car .
KABC-TV reports a man , a woman and two children died . It 's unclear whether the victims were related .
The cause of the crash is not yet known .
May 3 Cheesecake Factory Inc
* The Cheesecake Factory reports results for first quarter of fiscal 2017
* Q1 revenue $ 563.4 million versus i/b/e/s view $ 570.2 million
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.72 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.71
* Cheesecake Factory Inc - continues to expect to open as many as eight company-owned restaurants in fiscal 2017
* Cheesecake Factory Inc - comparable restaurant sales at cheesecake factory restaurants increased 0.3 % in q1 of fiscal 2017 .
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.73 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday , June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
May 3 Prudential Financial Inc :
* Prudential Financial Inc announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted operating earnings per share $ 2.79
* Q1 earnings per share $ 3.09
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 2.64 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Prudential Financial Inc - assets under management amounted to $ 1.299 trillion at March 31 , 2017 , compared to $ 1.264 trillion at December 31 , 2016
* Prudential Financial - retirement segment reported adjusted operating income of $ 397 million for current quarter , compared to $ 219 million in year-ago quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
NEW DELHI , April 10 SAIC Motor Corp has not signed any formal agreement with General Motors to take over the latter 's car plant in the western Indian state of Gujarat , the Chinese automaker said in a statement on Monday .
SAIC has signed a term sheet to evaluate buying the plant but the deal is subject to General Motors securing all government approvals and settling pending labour issues , SAIC 's chief India representative , P Balendran said in the statement .
General Motors has two plants in India and it said in 2015 it planned to stop production at one of its plants in Halol town in Gujarat state as it consolidates operations at one location . SAIC has been in discussion to buy this plant .
`` S‎AIC 's decision to enter into the Indian market remains unchanged and the company continues to evaluate various options to set up a car manufacturing plant in India as early as possible , '' Balendran said . ( Reporting by Aditi Shah ; Editing by Swati Bhat )
PARIS French prodigy Kylian Mbappe continued his spectacular rise in European soccer , shattering records and firing a free-scoring Monaco to the semi-finals of the Champions League on Wednesday .
The principality side beat Borussia Dortmund 3-1 for a 6-3 aggregate win with the 18-year-old netting three times over both legs as Monaco joined Juventus , Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid in the last four .
Mbappe became the youngest player to net five Champions League goals , the first to score in each of his first four games in Europe 's premium club competition , and also the youngest to find the back of the net in both legs of a quarter-final tie .
A pacy forward with impressive temperament , Mbappe is the perfect weapon for Monaco , who have emerged as a formidable counter-attacking team .
Mbappe , who has now scored 16 goals in his last 16 competitive outings , is the most efficient striker in Europe in terms of goals scored per minute , ahead of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi .
He has naturally attracted interests from Real Madrid and Manchester United even though Mbappe has been keeping his feet on the ground .
`` After every achievement we have managed to stay focused and get back to work , that 's our strength , '' he said after Wednesday 's win .
`` There are two or three things we can still improve on -- there are for example some moments when we are too passive so we concede chances . ''
Mbappe struggled a bit in the second half , which suggested he still needed to toughen up physically .
`` He puts a lot of intensity in his every move so it is normal that he gets tired , '' former France and Barcelona winger Ludovic Giuly told French sports daily L'Equipe .
`` He wo n't be able to play all the games at this level . But he is so fast that sometimes he finds himself on his own even if he proved he can also play for his teammates , '' added the 40-year-old who was a member of the Monaco team who reached the Champions League final in 2004 .
The draw for the semi-finals will be made on Friday .
( Editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
It may have been a Good Samaritan or the actual thief -- police do n't know -- but someone returned a 5-year-old Yorkie stolen during a Clifton home burglary , authorities said .
The Bowdoin Street owner heard a knock at the door and found `` L.B . '' tired to a railing outside with no one around , Sgt . Robert Anderson said .
`` It appears that the media coverage and assistance from the public on social media certainly contributed to the safe return of this family pet , '' Anderson said . `` This is a credit to everyone who helped by spreading the word and sharing . ''
That said , police are still looking for whoever broke in during the middle of the day on June 20 and took nothing except `` L.B . ''
If the burglar is n't the one who returned him , they 'd like to speak to that person , too .
They -- or anyone with information about the case -- can contact Clifton detectives : ( 973 ) 470-5908 .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
Ex-US senator 's entry causes angst in Alaska governor 's race
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Becky Bohrer , AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 In this June 28 , 2018 , photo , Democrat Mark Begich , a candidate for governor in Alaska and a former U.S. senator , speaks during a meet-and-greet event at a labor hall in Juneau , Alaska . Begich is seeking to ease concerns some have about his entry into the race , saying he would not be running if he did not think he could win . The race is shaping up to be a three-way , general election contest between Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . less In this June 28 , 2018 , photo , Democrat Mark Begich , a candidate for governor in Alaska and a former U.S. senator , speaks during a meet-and-greet event at a labor hall in Juneau , Alaska . Begich is seeking to ... more Photo : Becky Bohrer , AP Image 2 of 7 Files - In this May 13 , 2018 , file photo , Alaska Gov . Bill Walker speaks with reporters after the Alaska Legislature finished its work and ended the extended legislative session in Juneau , Alaska . The governor 's race is shaping up to be a three-way , general election race between Democrat Mark Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . less FILE - In this May 13 , 2018 , file photo , Alaska Gov . Bill Walker speaks with reporters after the Alaska Legislature finished its work and ended the extended legislative session in Juneau , Alaska . The governor 's ... more Photo : Becky Bohrer , AP Image 3 of 7 Files - In this , May 17 , 2016 , file photo Alaska state Sen. Mike Dunleavy listens during a Senate Finance Committee meeting , in Juneau , Alaska . The Alaska governor 's race is shaping up to be a three-way race between Democrat Mark Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . Dunleavy is seen as an early favorite for the Republican nomination for governor ahead of the Aug. 21 primary . less FILE - In this , May 17 , 2016 , file photo Alaska state Sen. Mike Dunleavy listens during a Senate Finance Committee meeting , in Juneau , Alaska . The Alaska governor 's race is shaping up to be a three-way race ... more Photo : Becky Bohrer , AP Image 4 of 7 In this June 28 , 2018 , photo , Democrat Mark Begich , a candidate for governor in Alaska and a former U.S. senator , speaks during a meet-and-greet event at a labor hall in Juneau , Alaska . Begich is seeking to ease concerns some have about his entry into the race , saying he would not be running if he did not think he could win . The race is shaping up to be a three-way , general election contest between Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . less In this June 28 , 2018 , photo , Democrat Mark Begich , a candidate for governor in Alaska and a former U.S. senator , speaks during a meet-and-greet event at a labor hall in Juneau , Alaska . Begich is seeking to ... more Photo : Becky Bohrer , AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 In this June 28 , 2018 , photo , Democrat Mark Begich , a candidate for governor in Alaska and a former U.S. senator , poses outside a downtown office building in Juneau , Alaska . Begich is seeking to ease concerns some have about his entry into the race , saying he would not be running if he did not think he could win . The race is shaping up to be a three-way , general election contest between Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . less In this June 28 , 2018 , photo , Democrat Mark Begich , a candidate for governor in Alaska and a former U.S. senator , poses outside a downtown office building in Juneau , Alaska . Begich is seeking to ease concerns ... more Photo : Becky Bohrer , AP Image 7 of 7 Ex-US senator 's entry causes angst in Alaska governor 's race 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
JUNEAU , Alaska ( AP ) — Mark Begich is a star in Alaska Democratic politics , a former U.S. senator and mayor of the state 's largest city , but his campaign for governor has some worried he 's playing spoiler in the race and could hand control of The Last Frontier to Republicans .
The worries over an expected three-way race highlight the quirks of politics in this state , by far the biggest in the country by land mass but with a population about the same as Seattle . Partisan identification is n't as rigid here ; the largest bloc of voters is n't affiliated with a party .
The governor 's race is shaping up to be a race between Begich , independent Gov . Bill Walker and the eventual Republican nominee . Some Democrats and independents fear Begich and Walker will split the vote , giving the win to the Republicans — a fear that Democratic party leaders are trying to calm .
Recently , Begich spent almost two hours explaining his decision to run for governor , laying out his plans and taking questions from an audience in a Juneau . The spoiler concern — which he had addressed at the start of his remarks — came up again . Begich said he never would have run if he did n't think he could win .
Geron Bruce , an independent , said Walker has done a great job . He told Begich : `` I 've been a supporter of yours for years . But I am not happy with you running for governor . ''
The angst dates to 2014 .
Walker , then a Republican , opted to bypass a GOP primary faceoff with then-Gov . Sean Parnell , who beat him four years earlier , and instead gather signatures to appear on the general election ballot . Byron Mallott , an Alaska Native leader , was the Democrats ' gubernatorial nominee .
After labor unions refused to endorse Walker or Mallott , the two joined forces with the blessing of the state Democratic party . Walker had to switch his party affiliation to undeclared as part of the deal . Mallott remained a Democrat and ran as Walker 's lieutenant governor .
The so-called unity ticket triumphed .
The Democratic party later changed its rules to let independents run in its primaries , a move upheld earlier this year by the Alaska Supreme Court .
Around the start of the state Democratic convention in May , Walker 's campaign announced that he and Mallott would run in the primary — Walker as an independent .
But when it became apparent that Begich would run , the campaign said Walker and Mallott would skip the primaries and gather signatures to go straight to the general election . Walker said that ensured he and Mallott would run together . In Alaska , the party primaries determine general-election pairings for governor and lieutenant governor . If you skip the primaries , you have a say in your running mate .
John-Henry Heckendorn , Walker 's campaign manager , said Walker did n't want to go against Begich in a competition about who is the better Democrat .
`` We want to compete with him in a competition about , who 's got the strongest vision for Alaska , '' he said .
A three-way race `` places people and organizations on different sides who are used to working together . And that is uncomfortable and that is more complicated , '' Heckendorn said .
Some Democrats and independents , who worry that a fight between Begich and Walker would create an opening for Republicans , voice concerns in particular about conservative former state Sen. Mike Dunleavy , seen as an early GOP favorite ahead of the Aug. 21 primary . Dunleavy has advocated for deeper cuts in response to Alaska 's budget deficit and school choice .
A little-known Libertarian candidate , William `` Billy '' Toien , is also running .
Dunleavy 's campaign manager , Brett Huber , said regardless of who is running , Dunleavy thinks he 's on the right side of the issues .
The Democratic party is backing Begich , the lone Democratic candidate . The party 's executive director , Jay Parmley , said it 's too early to speculate on how things could shake out .
`` I just wish everybody would take a deep breath and let the process work out , '' he said .
`` We have every opportunity to win a three-way race . Every opportunity . And to say Mark Begich being in the race somehow makes it harder is just wrong . That just does n't bear out , '' Parmley said .
Begich , who often speaks of his experience as Anchorage mayor and of bipartisan relationships in the U.S. Senate , said Walker and legislators got so wrapped-up in the budget and other `` minutiae '' that they lost sight of an overall vision for Alaska . Oil prices tanked after Walker took office , exploding Alaska 's budget deficit . The state blew through billions of dollars in savings amid gridlock over how to address the deficit , deciding this year to use earnings from Alaska 's oil-wealth fund to help plug a whittled-down hole .
`` No one gets dealt a great hand in politics , '' Begich said in an interview , adding later : `` Their issue was , can you make some decisions ? The only way you do that , you have to take some things off the table and not be afraid to say , I will veto this . ''
Tom Sutton , a retired state employee , said he supports Begich . He voted for Walker in 2014 but said the governor let Republican lawmakers push him around .
Michelle Sydeman told Begich that she 's undecided and wanted clarity on how he 'd address the budget . She said she 's supported Begich `` forever , '' but Walker had shown `` political courage '' in doing what he thought was right .
Dunleavy has hammered Walker over the smaller yearly check that Alaskans receive from the oil-wealth fund . In 2016 , Walker cut the size of the check in half , ignoring a formula in state law for calculating the checks . A court upheld his authority . Since then , lawmakers have ignored the formula , with some arguing this year that a full payout would be fiscally reckless . Dunleavy advocates paying a full dividend .
Begich said the anger he hears from Alaskans stems from not being part of the decision-making process . He supports putting a formula of some kind in the state constitution .
Monte Brice , a retired lawyer , said he 's still listening . `` I do n't have to make up my mind until early fall , '' he said .
___
Sign up for `` Politics in Focus , '' a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP 's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections : http : //apne.ws/3Gzcraw
Winston Reid is back to shore up West Ham 's defence for the visit of in-form Everton on Saturday - but striker Andy Carroll is out again , manager Slaven Bilic has confirmed .
Bilic told a news conference on Thursday that defender Reid had recovered from a groin injury and was available for the Premier League contest with Everton .
`` Winston Reid is back from injury . He 's one of our most important players . We will see if he is going to start , '' Bilic told reporters .
West Ham are without long-term injury victim Michail Antonio and fellow midfielder Sam Byram , who was sent off at Sunderland last Saturday .
And Bilic ruled out striker Andy Carroll , who returned to the starting lineup at Sunderland , after a recurrence of a thigh problem .
`` He will probably be fit for our next game , but for this game , no , '' he said .
Everton have lost only twice in the league this calendar year and will arrive at the London Stadium with the league 's leading scorer Romelu Lukaku , who has netted 24 goals in this campaign .
`` It 's a job for our defenders to stop him ( Lukaku ) , '' the 48-year-old Croatian boss added . `` It 's not only the defenders , though . We all need to stop the service to him .
`` He is very consistent . He 's been scoring goals all the time . Everton have done a great job to keep him and that shows how ambitious they are .
`` He 's not only one of the best players in the Premier League but in the whole of Europe . ''
Everton hold a significant head-to-head advantage against the London outfit having lost just once in their 17 previous league encounters .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
Hamilton police are investigating a possible shooting in upper Stoney Creek on April 23 .
Const . Lorraine Edwards says police were called to investigate a potential shooting at a townhouse complex at 23 Echovalley Dr. at about 9:30 p.m. , after neighbours reported hearing gunshots from a unit within the area earlier that day around 8 a.m .
Officers spoke with other people in the neighbourhood and learned that a man was seen going into one of the units and two men dressed in construction-type clothing , wearing yellow hats with white breathing masks , were seen running northbound away from the survey , she said .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Det . Const . Greg Mills at 905-546-2957 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 .
Puerto Rico on Wednesday filed for a form of bankruptcy protection , bumping aside Detroit for the title of the largest municipal insolvency case in U.S. history .
While the Caribbean Island and MoTown share comparable histories of economic malaise , ballooning debt and fiscal mismanagement at the heart of their distress , several important differences distinguish the two proceedings .
Here are some key distinctions and similarities :
SIZE OF THE PROBLEM
Puerto Rico 's overall debt burden is nearly seven times larger than Detroit 's was when it entered bankruptcy .
The Motor City had $ 18 billion of debt , including outstanding bonds and unfunded liabilities for its worker pensions and retiree healthcare , when it filed for Chapter 9 municipal bankruptcy in July 2013 .
By contrast , Puerto Rico is struggling with a public debt burden totaling $ 74 billion of outstanding bonds and $ 49 billion owed for pensions .
DIFFERENT KIND OF 'BANKRUPTCY '
Detroit 's case occurred under Chapter 9 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code , which is reserved for state and local governments .
Puerto Rico , as a U.S. territory , is barred from filing for the same kind of creditor protection , but Title III of the so-called PROMESA law , enacted by Congress last year , allowed it to pursue a court-supervised , bankruptcy-like proceeding to restructure its obligations .
Detroit exited Chapter 9 in December 2014 after a 17-month restructuring that allowed it to shed about $ 7 billion of debt . Bondholders and bond insurers reached agreements that resulted in recoveries of 74 percent for unlimited-tax general obligation bonds and 34 percent for limited-tax GO bonds .
It is unclear at this stage how much Puerto Rico 's creditors can expect to recover .
POVERTY AND FLIGHT
Heading into bankruptcy , both Detroit and Puerto Rico were plagued with population declines , high unemployment rates , sinking housing values and a large portion of local residents living below the poverty line . Chronically late financial audits were common for both , and severe budget problems adversely affected the delivery of government services .
LOSS OF LOCAL CONTROL
Both Puerto Rico and Detroit had been effectively stripped of local control over their finances by the time each sought protection from creditors .
Detroit 's finances had been turned over to an emergency manager tapped by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder . Kevyn Orr , a corporate bankruptcy attorney from Jones Day , retained day-to-day control over city operations until the city emerged from bankruptcy .
Under PROMESA , Congress imposed an oversight board charged with fixing Puerto Rico 's finances and devising an economic recovery plan . It also armed it with the use of a court-supervised process to restructure the territory 's debt .
DEFAULTS
Both bankruptcy filings followed bond defaults .
Detroit 's emergency manager skipped a payment on $ 1.43 billion of pension bonds in June 2013 . As of Sept. 30 , Puerto Rico and its various bond issuing authorities had missed nearly $ 1.5 billion in debt service payments .
WHERE 'S THE ART ?
Perhaps the most unique element of Detroit 's bankruptcy was the role played by its local art museum .
The Detroit Institute of Arts was home to city-owned works from masters such as Claude Monet , Henri Matisse and Pieter Bruegel that were at risk of being sold to help settle Detroit 's debt . A so-called grand bargain involving $ 816 million pledged by foundations , the institute and the state of Michigan saved the art from sale , while providing money for pensions .
( Reporting By Karen Pierog , editing by Dan Burns )
TIRANA May 3 Albania 's central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 percent on Wednesday and again signalled borrowing costs would stay low through 2017 to boost lending and stimulate the economy .
The bank , which has brought the rate down from 6.25 percent at the end of 2008 , also left unchanged the 0.25 percent one-day deposit rates and 2.25 percent one-day lending rate , central bank governor Gent Sejko told a news conference .
Sejko added monetary policy `` will keep being on the easing side over the medium term '' and `` the intensity of stimulus will not decrease ahead of the first quarter of 2018 '' .
`` This policy secures the necessary stimulus to spur economic activity and the return of inflation to target , '' Sejko said .
In the first quarter of 2016 , the annual inflation rate rose to 2.4 percent , he added , as the prices of food and fuel went up . It was expected to be around 2.3 percent in 2017 and `` rise even more towards its goal of 3 percent next year '' , Sejko said .
`` Inflation 's rising trend is backed by the improvement of economic activity , the fuller usage of productive capacities , rising tendency of prices in world markets and the better anchoring of inflationary expectations , '' Sejko said .
A stimulative monetary policy , Sejko again told the government , was not a replacement for much-needed structural reforms meant `` improve the business climate and step up the efficiency and expansion of the country 's productive capacity '' .
The bank 's board believed the economy 's cyclical improvement would continue in the medium term , Sejko said . The board forecast the economy would grow as internal demand strengthened and the world economy improved . Albania sees growth of 3.7 percent in 2017 . ( Reporting By Benet Koleka , editing by Larry King )
A general view shows the Reichstag building , the seat of the German lower house of parliament Bundestag , before the German presidential election in Berlin , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN The German parliament was the target of fresh cyberattacks in January that attempted to piggy-back on an Israeli newspaper site to target politicians in Germany , Berlin 's cybersecurity watchdog said on Wednesday .
Cyber defences installed after a 2015 hack of the parliament helped avert the attempted breaches , the Federal Office for Information Security ( BSI ) said in a statement .
The hackers appeared to use advertising running on the Jerusalem Post website to redirect users to a malicious site , it said .
The BSI looked into unusual activity on the parliament 's network early this year and has just completed a detailed analysis of the incident , which was first reported by the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper on Wednesday .
At least 10 German lawmakers from all parliamentary groups were affected by the attempted hack , the Munich daily reported .
`` The technical analysis is complete . The website of the Jerusalem Post was manipulated and had been linked to a malicious third party site , '' the agency said in a statement .
`` BSI found no malware or infections as part of its analysis of the Bundestag networks . ''
The Jerusalem Post confirmed details of the attack with Reuters , but said no malware came from its own site and that it was fully protected against such attacks in the future .
`` The Jerusalem Post website was attacked in January by foreign hackers , '' the publisher said in a statement . `` We immediately took action and together with Israeli cyber authorities successfully neutralised the threat .
Hackers can use infected banner advertisements to attack otherwise safe or secure sites . So-called `` malvertising '' appeared to be served up to the site via an unidentified third-party advertising network .
There was no suggestion from the German agency of any wrongdoing by the Jerusalem Post .
`` SPEAR-PHISHING ''
Security expert Graham Cluley said such `` spear-phishing '' attacks via malicious ads is highly unusual , but possible .
In this instance , the Jerusalem Post site could have served up German language ads to visitors with German internet addresses . However , he said it was unlikely this could be used to target specific politicians in Berlin .
This latest attack comes amid growing concern in Germany about cybersecurity and reports that Russia is working to destabilise the German government and could seek to interfere in the upcoming Sept. 24 national elections .
The Bundestag lost 16 gigabytes of data to Russian hackers in 2015 , after which it revamped its software system with the help of the BSI and private contractors .
`` The BSI believes that the defences of the German Bundestag detected and prevented links to the website . The attack was therefore averted , '' BSI President Arne Schoenbohm said in a statement .
A source familiar with the incident said it did not appear to be linked to APT28 , a Russian hacking group also known as `` Fancy Bear '' that was blamed for the 2015 Bundestag hack and the 2016 hack of the U.S. Democratic National Committee .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal in Berlin , Eric Auchard in London and Luke Baker in Jerusalem ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
LONDON After nine months of preparation , bitter public argument and a battle with parliament , British Prime Minister Theresa May is launching talks with the European Union armed with a plan she hopes will secure a better divorce deal than many expect .
But what is it ? Although May has published a policy document outlining a 12-point approach to the talks that will reshape the future of Britain and the EU , many companies , investors and voters are not quite clear about her strategy .
The British leader has been reticent about what she hopes to achieve so as not to give her hand away . But government officials , lawmakers and analysts say privately that May believes she has some strong cards to play , while also hoping that EU officials will favour pragmatism over punishment .
`` Now is the time for us to come together and be united across this house and across this country to ensure that we work for the best possible deal for the United Kingdom and the best possible future for us all , '' May told parliament .
Earlier , her letter to European Council President Donald Tusk had triggered Article 50 of the EU 's Lisbon Treaty to start up to two years of talks on Britain 's departure from the bloc .
May and her ministers have ambitious goals in the talks . They want `` frictionless '' trade , control over immigration and restoration of sovereignty while maintaining as much cooperation as possible with Britain 's nearest neighbours .
But the 12 priorities she set out in January are broad enough to allow room for manoeuvre , and May hopes to leverage Britain 's strengths in security , defence , criminal justice and international aid to help negotiate her main demand for a free trade deal , several government sources said .
She is also willing to pay into EU programmes that Britain may otherwise be excluded from by Brexit , has signalled that she expects some kind of transitional agreement and is preparing to copy the body of EU law over into British legislation to minimise uncertainty .
While trying to inspire goodwill before the talks , the British government will also try to exploit rifts in the European Union , making much of troop deployments on the bloc 's eastern border against an increasingly assertive Russia .
But while May 's focus is winning what she calls the `` best possible deal '' for Brexit , her government is also looking beyond , courting the United States , India and China while trying to attract technology and creative industries to a country which one minister said needed to market itself .
`` What we are going to do is be ambitious in our negotiation , '' May told parliament late last year , a mantra to reassure business she would try to get the maximum possible access to the EU 's single market .
PITFALLS
The message is upbeat despite May 's aides saying she will not reveal any details of the government 's negotiating stance before negotiations start .
But behind the scenes , civil servants have been told not only to draft a plan A but also a plan B , an aide in one government department told Reuters , aware the EU is in no mood to offer generous terms that could encourage other members to bolt for the door .
The aide said each department has been told to find areas where they could compromise . But any hint that May might break Brexit promises in areas such as fishing rights could turn public opinion against the prime minister and split her party .
For many veteran eurosceptics in the ruling Conservative Party , Wednesday 's triggering of Article 50 is the culmination of years of lobbying against what they describe as an interfering and wasteful union .
There is little chance they will allow May to backtrack on her commitment to break with the European Court of Justice and end the supremacy of EU law , possibly tying her hands over what she can or can not compromise on .
The balancing act is perilous . With the majority of lawmakers in parliament pro-EU , May 's slim majority will all but depend on the eurosceptic Conservative MPs , with additional pressure from well-financed 'leave ' lobby groups and the UK Independence Party promising to be the `` guard dog of Brexit '' .
On the other side are nationalists in Scotland and Northern Ireland . The Scottish government wants a new independence referendum , encouraging calls for a similar vote in Northern Ireland , which voted to remain in the EU .
May has refused to allow Scotland a new referendum in the time scale demanded by First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and stood firm on her refusal to share her negotiating stance , which the Scottish government has described as `` intransigence '' .
On past experience , May is unlikely to give ground .
The stakes are high for her personally as the success or failure of the talks will determine her political legacy and her ability to win an election .
She has been riding high in opinion polls since taking over as prime minister from David Cameron , who quit after the Brexit referendum , and the opposition Labour Party is in chaos , but she has no experience of leading her party in an election .
What is as yet unclear is whether she has settled on her own list of priorities for the talks . After spending months asking companies , universities , hospitals and banks among others what they want , most have no clue whether their demands will be met .
`` There is a backlog , '' the departmental aide said , adding that May 's desire for detail means that all reports are sent to her office at Downing Street and looked over by herself and her two most trusted aides , Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill .
She still has some time to refine her strategy since the EU will spend the coming weeks agreeing a negotiating stance .
Before horse-trading starts in earnest , the two sides are expected to try to settle two issues - how much Britain owes to the bloc and the future status of British citizens living in the EU and EU citizens living in Britain .
May says she wants the latter to be settled early in the talks but may face difficulties over the former as some of her pro-Brexit lawmakers do not believe that Britain should pay at all . One has suggested she should remind Germany about the cancellation of some of its debt after World War Two .
But as the leading civil servant in the newly created Brexit ministry said , plans can always come unstuck .
`` The other thing is to have expected the unexpected , '' Sarah Healey , director general at the Department for Exiting the European Union , told the Institute for Government this month .
`` External events will have a big impact on what happens on the department and we just need to be flexible and able to respond to that . ''
( Reporting by Elizabeth Piper ; editing by Giles Elgood )
FILE PHOTO : Rig supervisor David Crow shows off the oil rig he manages foreElevation Resources at the Permian Basin drilling site in Andrews County , Texas , U.S. in this photo taken May 16 , 2016 . REUTERS/Ann Saphir/File Photo
HOUSTON NAmerico Partners LP is proposing a multibillion-dollar pipeline to ferry natural gas from fast-growing fields in West Texas to the Gulf Coast , the company said on Monday , angling to match plans by rivals such as Kinder Morgan Inc ( KMI.N ) .
The pipeline , one of at least three being considered to ease a looming gas glut in the Permian producing region , would link to existing lines , including those that export gas to Mexico and to a Cheniere Energy Inc ( LNG.A ) liquefied natural gas export facility under construction .
The pipeline would be the first major project by NAmerico Partners , founded two years ago in Houston . The company is backed by private equity fund Cresta Energy LP , whose management includes former executives from Regency Energy Partners LP , a large energy infrastructure company that was bought by Energy Transfer Partners ( ETP.N ) in 2015 .
NAmerico Managing Partner Jeff Welch told Reuters in an interview this week that discussions with prospective shippers were at an advanced stage , and the pipeline would begin operations in 2019 if enough of them committed to supplying gas .
He declined to identify the shippers but said the company was confident the project would proceed .
NAmerico 's 468-mile ( 753-km ) pipeline , named the Pecos Trail Pipeline , would transport some 1.85 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas to the major Gulf Coast refining and petrochemical hub in Corpus Christi .
Last month , Kinder Morgan , which operates the largest natural gas pipeline network in North America , outlined a plan to build a 430-mile ( 692-kilometer ) pipe traveling a similar route . It would be able to move 1.7 bcf per day of gas .
Enterprise Products Partners ( EPD.N ) , another large pipeline operator , has said it may build a gas line to Corpus Christi , Texas , from the Permian .
`` We 've got this gigantic gas supply in West Texas , and big exports southbound and eastbound , '' Rick Smead , managing director of advisory services for consultancy RBN Energy , said in a telephone interview .
Kinder Morgan has also said its pipeline would begin operations in 2019 if enough shippers commit .
Analysts said the potential for new supplies could allow multiple projects to proceed .
The projects are being planned as big producers including Exxon Mobil ( XOM.N ) , Apache Corp ( APA.N ) , and Chevron Corp ( CVX.N ) are expected to pour billions of dollars into drilling in the Permian , a vast shale play in West Texas known for its low production costs and massive reserves .
Demand for natural gas in south Texas and the Corpus Christi area is expected to soar in the coming years . Cheniere Energy has said it has customers for 8.42 million metric tons a year of LNG from its site , which is expected to begin operations around 2018 .
Exxon and Saudi Basic Industries Corp 2010.SE , an arm of Saudi Aramco , the state-owned energy company , also have proposed building a multibillion-dollar chemical and plastics plant outside of Corpus Christi . That plant would use natural gas as a raw material .
Natural gas production in West Texas is expected to more than quadruple by the middle of the next decade , Scott Sheffield , chief executive of Pioneer Natural Resources Co ( PXD.N ) , a large Permian producer , said last month .
Gas production in the Permian is projected to reach 7.9 Bcf/d in April , up from 5.4 bcf/d the same month in 2014 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
The number of drilling rigs operating in the region has more than doubled in the last year to 319 as of March 31 , according to energy services provider Baker Hughes ( BHI.N ) .
While companies are primarily drilling in the Permian for crude , natural gas comes up along with it . The EIA estimates each new rig in March added in the Permian increases the field 's gas production by 1.1 million cubic feet a day .
( Reporting by Liz Hampton ; Editing by Gary McWilliams and Richard Chang )
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump 's campaign staff , according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials . American agencies were concerned about the contacts but have n't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus , the reports say .
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia 's attempts to tamper with the presidential election , according to The New York Times , which first reported the contacts .
According to CNN , `` The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S . intelligence . ''
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories .
Reporter Matt Apuzzo , part of the Times team that broke the story , tells NPR 's Morning Edition that while officials said they have n't seen proof of collusion — `` just the flurry of contacts was enough , and the timing of the contacts , was enough to get them very concerned . ''
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts , officials tell both news outlets .
President Trump called the reports `` conspiracy theories '' early Wednesday , in response to the stories :
`` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' the president wrote . He then added that MSNBC and CNN are `` unwatchable , '' while the Fox News program Fox & Friends `` is great . ''
The Kremlin had a similar response , with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying , `` Let us not believe in what media say , for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones . ''
That 's according to state-run Tass media , which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media .
Allegations about Trump 's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July , when he urged Russian agents to `` find '' Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's emails and release them .
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia ; in Congress , there are also calls for public investigations . Last month , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own , particularly as the new president is settling into the White House .
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee , tells Morning Edition , `` I do n't think we need an independent investigation here , I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work . ''
That work , he said , includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations . Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that 's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens .
`` There are some serious legal implications here , '' Johnson said , `` but it has nothing to do with partisan politics . I mean , the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review . ''
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored .
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump 's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country :
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. ;
Paul Manafort , resigned as Trump 's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump 's policies with Russian interests ;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September , as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts .
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were `` regularly communicating with Russian nationals , '' CNN reports .
In an interview with the Times , Manafort called the officials ' account `` absurd '' and said he had never had anything to do with Putin 's government .
Manafort told the newspaper , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' ''
Puerto Rico senators deal blow to governor amid budget clash
Photo : Jacquelyn Martin , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Puerto Rico 's Governor Ricardo Rossello speaks about investment and business in Puerto Rico , during the Select USA Summit , in Oxon Hill , Md. , Friday , June 22 , 2018 . Puerto Rico 's Governor Ricardo Rossello speaks about investment and business in Puerto Rico , during the Select USA Summit , in Oxon Hill , Md. , Friday , June 22 , 2018 . Photo : Jacquelyn Martin , AP Puerto Rico senators deal blow to governor amid budget clash 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — Austerity measures are looming for Puerto Rico after local senators on Tuesday for the second time shot down a measure aimed at overcoming budget differences between the U.S. territory 's government and a federal control board overseeing its finances .
The vote was a blow to Gov . Ricardo Rossello , who had hastily convened a special session to avoid having a court resolve the issue .
Eighteen of 22 senators rejected a bill that would have repealed some rights given to workers who have been unjustly dismissed . The board would have granted concessions such as not slashing vacation and sick days or eliminating a Christmas bonus if legislators had approved the bill .
Among those who voted against the measure was Thomas Rivera Schatz , president of Puerto Rico 's Senate and a member of the governor 's party .
`` If we do n't prevail in court , each one of those who defended Puerto Rico can look into people 's eyes and say , ' I fought until the end , ' '' he said .
Rivera also accused the board of blackmailing Puerto Rico 's government at a time the island is struggling to recover from Hurricane Maria and trying to restructure a portion of its $ 70 billion public debt load amid an 11-year recession . Board spokesman Jose Luis Cedeno said there would be no immediate comment .
Rossello issued a statement saying he had hoped for a `` responsible and prudent consideration '' of all measures to be debated during the special session , which lasted roughly one hour .
`` The president of the Senate chose not to devote time to this issue , leaving our people in the uncertainty caused by the breach in agreement with the ( board ) , '' he said .
Puerto Rico now faces two budgets as a result of the disagreement : one approved by the board and another by legislators that Rossello signed on Monday . Hours after he signed it , board director Natalie Jaresko told reporters they would talk with government officials but would head to court if needed to resolve their differences .
Game Preview : Los Angeles Chargers at New York Giants , October 8 , 2017
THE STORYLINE :
It 's been decades since a New York Giants ' season was all but officially over this early . Even the 4-12 2003 New York Giants started the season 2-1 . The strike-plagued 1987 team started 0-5 , but there was also an expectation that the defending Super Bowl champions might make a push . You 'd have to go back to the mess of the 1960s and 1970s to find such a depressing start .
To be honest , I am at a bit of a loss in how to proceed with these game previews . The Giants are no longer really playing for the post-season but their own jobs . And that includes the coaches as well as the players . This team was supposed to be a Super Bowl contender . Instead , it is one of the worst teams in the NFL – on offense , defense , and special teams .
Enter the win-less Los Angeles Chargers , another NFL team that abandoned its fan base in pursuit of even more $ $ $ to play in a city that does n't like football . So with one-quarter of the season already over , we are about to witness a glorious 0-4 versus 0-4 match-up of teams from America 's two largest media markets . This is n't good for the NFL .
For at least one more month , the owners , front office executives , coaches , and players will parrot talking points about the season not being over , but at some point , 2017 will become more about 2018 than the current disastrous season . Many fans will want the Giants to begin playing younger prospects in order to effectively ascertain what the team 's true needs are . But the coaches may be playing for their livelihoods . A game here or there could save Ben McAdoo and his staff . Will the coaches do what is best for the long-term development of the team , or for themselves ?
THE INJURY REPORT :
RB Paul Perkins ( ribs – out )
RB Orleans Darkwa ( back – probable )
WR Odell Beckham , Jr. ( finger/ankle – probable )
WR Brandon Marshall ( toe – probable )
OC Weston Richburg ( concussion – out )
OG John Jerry ( hamstring – questionable )
DE Jason Pierre-Paul ( shoulder/knee – questionable )
DE Olivier Vernon ( ankle – questionable )
DE Avery Moss ( shoulder – questionable )
CB Janoris Jenkins ( ankle – probable )
NEW YORK GIANTS ON OFFENSE :
The 2017 New York Giants were clearly not ready to start the season . They slept-walked through their first two games on offense ( 13 total points ) , placing the team in a desperate 0-2 hole . Then continued offensive issues combined with late-game special teams and defensive breakdowns caused back-to-back devastating last-second losses . The offense may now be improving , but it is too late . And the offense is still not good . The Giants have NOT scored a point in the first quarter this year . They have only scored 17 first-half points in four games ( an average of 4.25 points per first-half ) . So not only were the Giants not ready to start the season , they still are n't ready at the start of games . Guess what ? If you limit your scoring to only half the game , you are not going to win many football games .
McAdoo/Offensive Coaches : They seem over their heads . They preach balance and “ heavy hands ” but this team is as finesse and one-dimensional as it gets outside of the Arena League . With few exceptions , individual players do n't seem to be getting better . When is the last time you thought , “ Man , our offensive staff really out-coached the other team ? ”
They seem over their heads . They preach balance and “ heavy hands ” but this team is as finesse and one-dimensional as it gets outside of the Arena League . With few exceptions , individual players do n't seem to be getting better . When is the last time you thought , “ Man , our offensive staff really out-coached the other team ? ” Quarterback : The New York Giants as a franchise squandered the last six years of Eli Manning 's career . Now 36 , the # 1 question this franchise faces is how long to stick with Manning . Is another year of the McAdoo-Manning combo really going to turn things around ? Or do the Giants really want Manning to go through another dramatic coaching/offensive system change at the age of 37 ? It is hard to see the Giants pulling the cord on Manning , but they did it with Phil Simms so nothing is impossible .
The New York Giants as a franchise squandered the last six years of Eli Manning 's career . Now 36 , the # 1 question this franchise faces is how long to stick with Manning . Is another year of the McAdoo-Manning combo really going to turn things around ? Or do the Giants really want Manning to go through another dramatic coaching/offensive system change at the age of 37 ? It is hard to see the Giants pulling the cord on Manning , but they did it with Phil Simms so nothing is impossible . Wide Receivers : The fact that we are talking receivers next and not running backs is an indication of how the Giants and the NFL have changed . But the # 2 question the New York Giants face is whether or not to re-sign Odell Beckham , Jr. to what undoubtedly will be the highest non-quarterback contract in NFL history . Take Beckham off of this team , and a dreadful offense would become unwatchable . He 's the only guy causing non-diehard fans to tune in . And other than his atrocious run-blocking effort , Beckham certainly is n't dogging it . He 's a super competitor who wants to win . But the Giants should be at least a little concerned about giving a player who has been difficult to control/influence one of the biggest contracts in sports . Will he become more powerful than the coach and even more difficult to manage ? Does this team want to tie up a huge portion of its salary cap to a wideout ? My guess is that Beckham is n't going anywhere , but the situation bears watching as the Giants continue to lose . Brandon Marshall is n't the future of this team . The Giants should cut him , re-sign Taverres King or sign Travis Rudolph from the Practice Squad , and play the young receivers .
The fact that we are talking receivers next and not running backs is an indication of how the Giants and the NFL have changed . But the # 2 question the New York Giants face is whether or not to re-sign Odell Beckham , Jr. to what undoubtedly will be the highest non-quarterback contract in NFL history . Take Beckham off of this team , and a dreadful offense would become unwatchable . He 's the only guy causing non-diehard fans to tune in . And other than his atrocious run-blocking effort , Beckham certainly is n't dogging it . He 's a super competitor who wants to win . But the Giants should be at least a little concerned about giving a player who has been difficult to control/influence one of the biggest contracts in sports . Will he become more powerful than the coach and even more difficult to manage ? Does this team want to tie up a huge portion of its salary cap to a wideout ? My guess is that Beckham is n't going anywhere , but the situation bears watching as the Giants continue to lose . Brandon Marshall is n't the future of this team . The Giants should cut him , re-sign Taverres King or sign Travis Rudolph from the Practice Squad , and play the young receivers . Running Backs : Wayne Gallman should be made the starting running back . Paul Perkins needs to sit . Once Perkins ( ribs ) is healthy again , cut Orleans Darkwa ( an injury-prone player who has no future with this team ) and re-sign fullback Shane Smith from the Practice Squad . Gallman , Shane Vereen , and Perkins ( last chance ) should get remaining 2017 playing time . If someone gets hurt , Darkwa can be re-signed .
Wayne Gallman should be made the starting running back . Paul Perkins needs to sit . Once Perkins ( ribs ) is healthy again , cut Orleans Darkwa ( an injury-prone player who has no future with this team ) and re-sign fullback Shane Smith from the Practice Squad . Gallman , Shane Vereen , and Perkins ( last chance ) should get remaining 2017 playing time . If someone gets hurt , Darkwa can be re-signed . Tight Ends : One of the few bright spots is Evan Engram . He looks like the real deal . The Giants appear to be in good shape here with Rhett Ellison and the under-utilized Jerell Adams .
One of the few bright spots is Evan Engram . He looks like the real deal . The Giants appear to be in good shape here with Rhett Ellison and the under-utilized Jerell Adams . Offensive Line : It seems incredibly odd to me that the Giants did not prepare for a viable back-up plan if one ( or both ) of their young tackles struggled . Justin Pugh should have been moved to left tackle in camp . Ereck Flowers should have been moved to guard or tried at right tackle . What 's disturbing about Flowers is that a prospect who was supposed to be a mauler in the ground game now ca n't seem to do anything well . He looks like a complete bust . Chad Wheeler needs another year or two in the weight room , but I 'd be tempted to play him now and let him gain the experience . Re-signing John Jerry was a mistake . Well-respected OL Coach Mike Solari has n't delivered the goods in New York . No one appears to be getting better . And Jerry Reese and his scouting department ca n't evaluate offensive linemen . This mess has been going on for years now .
NEW YORK GIANTS ON DEFENSE :
The narrative that Steve Spagnuolo simply needed better players is rapidly falling apart . The 2017 New York Giants defense is beginning to resemble the dreadful 2015 version . The Giants ca n't stop the run , they ca n't rush the passer , and they are beginning to give up late-game leads again . ( The defense squandered TWO 4th-quarter leads in BOTH of the last two games ) .
Defensive Line : The most shocking development has been the poor play of the defensive line . Coming out of the preseason , this group was healthy and looked poised for a monster year . The ends – who have played too much and are now struggling with injuries – have been a huge disappointment . Neither Jason Pierre-Paul nor Olivier Vernon are justifying their current contracts . The tackles have been a bit better . None of the back-ups – both outside and inside – have distinguished themselves . The Giants will need to spend a premium draft pick on a defensive end in 2018 .
The most shocking development has been the poor play of the defensive line . Coming out of the preseason , this group was healthy and looked poised for a monster year . The ends – who have played too much and are now struggling with injuries – have been a huge disappointment . Neither Jason Pierre-Paul nor Olivier Vernon are justifying their current contracts . The tackles have been a bit better . None of the back-ups – both outside and inside – have distinguished themselves . The Giants will need to spend a premium draft pick on a defensive end in 2018 . Linebackers : Jonathan Casillas had a strong season in 2016 , but that now looks like it will be his career year . He is not playing well . Keenan Robinson has regained his injury-prone reputation and also is not playing as well . Hopefully B.J . Goodson will be part of the solution moving forward . Devon Kennard is more of a situational player . Like the offensive line , Jerry Reese and staff seem incapable of drafting athletic , play-making outside linebackers . Depth at this position is putrid .
Jonathan Casillas had a strong season in 2016 , but that now looks like it will be his career year . He is not playing well . Keenan Robinson has regained his injury-prone reputation and also is not playing as well . Hopefully B.J . Goodson will be part of the solution moving forward . Devon Kennard is more of a situational player . Like the offensive line , Jerry Reese and staff seem incapable of drafting athletic , play-making outside linebackers . Depth at this position is putrid . Defensive Backs : The negatives here have been the continued inconsistent play of Eli Apple ( 1-3 bad plays per game offsetting otherwise solid performances ) and the failure of Darian Thompson to turn into the player anticipated by the coaching staff . Moving forward , the Giants have to determine how much Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie has left in the tank beyond the 2017 season . And if Thompson does n't have “ it ” , the team still has a major hole to fill at free safety .
NEW YORK GIANTS ON SPECIAL TEAMS :
Tom Quinn should have been fired years ago . It 's hard to be overly-sympathetic with the owners , front office execs , and coaches when something this obvious is not acted upon . The Giants have now lost three games in a row largely due to special teams breakdowns . Interesting that things started to go really south again once Larry Izzo left the Giants after 2015 .
FROM THE COACH 'S MOUTH :
Yada , yada , yada… No one is listening at this point .
THE FINAL WORD
Those of us who are old enough have seen the warning signs before . When your star players start throwing the coaching staff under the bus , things can turn ugly fast . Odell Beckham 's comments about the Bucs knowing what plays the Giants were running is reminiscent of player criticism directed at Ray Handley , Dan Reeves , and Jim Fassel . Whether this criticism is valid or not is moot . Fingers are beginning to be pointed . Next warning signs ? More and more players showing up on the injury report and not coming back quickly .
The biggest draw for this particular game is that this is likely the last time Eli Manning and Philip Rivers will play against each other . Eli has never been on the winning side of this match-up ( 0-3 ) .
May 3 Alphabet Inc said on Wednesday it was investigating widespread reports about a spam campaign in which recipients received emails from known contacts that asked them to click on a link to review a Google Docs document .
`` We are investigating a phishing email that appears as Google Docs . We encourage you to not click through & report as phishing within Gmail , '' the company said on its Google Docs Twitter account . ( Reporting by Alastair Sharp and Jim Finkle in Toronto ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
YOKOHAMA , Japan — Akira Nishino made his debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana .
In steady rain at Nissan Stadium , Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area . Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st .
Nishino , who will name his World Cup squad on Thursday , brought in substitutes Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Ozaki in the second half when Japan created more chances but was unable to beat Ghana goalkeeper Richard Ofori .
`` We had chances but could n't capitalize so it 's a disappointing result , '' Nishino said . `` I 'm still considering many factors before tomorrow 's announcement . ''
After only two weeks working with his players , Nishino opted for experience with defenders Tomoaki Makino , Makoto Hasebe and Maya Yoshida in front of goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima .
Also in the starting 11 was veteran Keisuke Honda , who played at right forward alongside Takashi Usami and Yuya Osako . Honda nearly scored midway through the first half but his angled shot from close range was denied by Ofori .
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month , only two months before the World Cup opens , and replaced him with Nishino .
In two World Cup warm-up matches , Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano , Switzerland , and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia , Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup . It has only twice reached the knockout round , losing both times in the last 16 .
By Jim Armstrong , The Associated Press
MILWAUKEE — Bryce Nze had a career-high 25 points on 11-of-14 shooting to go with 10 rebounds on Friday night and Milwaukee beat Green Bay 76-58 .
Carson Warren-Newsome added 12 points and Jeremiah Bell scored 11 for the Panthers ( 13-13 , 6-7 Horizon League ) .
Milwaukee led by double digits for the entire second half except once when the Phoenix ( 10-16 , 5-8 ) trailed 34-25 on Khalil Small 's jumper in the first minute of the period .
Nze scored the first six points of the game and Milwaukee opened with an 8-0 run . Green Bay took its only lead of the game at 13-12 before the Panthers went on an 8-0 run and never trailed again .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. — The Latest on the sentencing of three defendants in the death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire ( all times local ) :
5:45 p.m .
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire .
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday . Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years .
Williams and Colbert both got 107-year sentences in connection with the slaying . Colbert also got an additional two-year term on an unrelated charge . Williams ' 107-year term was added to a 36-year sentence he already was serving after being convicted of attempted murder last year in the shooting of Larry North , who was a reluctant witness for the state in this trial .
___
4:15 p.m .
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire .
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday . Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years .
The sentences for Colbert and Williams include time given for charges not directly related to Dobson 's death . It was n't immediately clear how much time was given for each charge .
* TSX down 23.82 points , or 0.15 percent , to 15,574.75
* Six of the TSX 's 10 main groups were lower
TORONTO , March 29 Canada 's main stock index declined on Wednesday as weakness in the industrial sector helped offset a rise in energy stocks that was supported by higher oil prices .
At 10:01AM EDT ( 1401 GMT ) , the Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index was down 23.82 points , or 0.15 percent , at 15,574.75 . Of the index 's 10 main groups , six were in negative territory .
The energy group rose 0.2 percent . Canadian Natural Resources Ltd gained 0.3 percent to C $ 42.95 , and Encana Corp advanced 2.3 percent to C $ 15.24 .
U.S. crude prices were up 0.4 percent at $ 48.54 a barrel , while Brent crude added 0.4 percent to $ 51.54 .
The financials group rose 0.1 percent . Bank of Nova Scotia gained 0.3 percent to C $ 79.27 , but Manulife Financial Corp declined 0.5 percent to C $ 23.56 .
Industrials fell 0.4 percent . Canadian National Railway Co gave back 0.6 percent to C $ 98.23 , and Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd was down 0.7 percent at C $ 196.07 .
The materials group , which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies , was unchanged . ( Reporting by John Tilak ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
LONDON , April 28 Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal pay a Premier League visit to North London neighbours Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday for the 50th meeting between the sides during his managerial reign .
Arsenal have won 18 , drawn 21 and lost 10 of the previous 49 derbies and will be eager to dent Mauricio Pochettino 's hopes of snatching the title from leaders Chelsea .
Here is what the fans have to say about their two clubs :
Tottenham : Mike Leigh , Spurs Show podcast , Playback Media :
`` Form goes out of the window in North London derbies . Both teams are desperate for three points for different reasons and both teams will want to scupper the other 's ambitions . In saying that , tactically I can see Arsenal setting up the way they did against Man City in the FA Cup semi final - playing deep and playing on the counter .
`` Arsene Wenger tried playing with three at the back against Leicester so whether he tries it again , time will tell . Both managers will know the battle is in midfield . I think whoever wins that should win the game .
`` As far as the title race is concerned , no one except the most crazed Spurs fans honestly expects Chelsea to lose and draw two of their remaining games . Most fans are delighted to see further improvements from last year 's great season .
`` I think Spurs will win 2-1 this weekend . It will be tight and not the drubbing a lot of their fans are predicting ...
`` With the Auld Firm derby aside , the North London derby is the biggest in British football - even bigger than the Manchester derby . The opposing fans really hate each other and in previous years the atmosphere has been poisonous . ''
Arsenal : Akhil Vyas , Arsenal Supporters Trust :
`` The FA Cup win last weekend is huge for Arsenal 's confidence and a welcome reminder that we can compete against big teams . The wins against Middlesbrough and Leicester either side also help build the confidence – a new formation and three wins in a row .
`` I wish I could say we were in the race for the title but ... this game is about reminding everyone we are a good side , getting back into the top four , building confidence before that cup final – and of course , it 's about making sure Spurs do not win the title .
`` My heart says Arsenal will scrap and secure a 2-1 win but my head says it will be 1-1 . Our new defensive shape may help us keep them at bay .
`` It 's a strange feeling knowing that for the first time in over twenty years Spurs will finish above Arsenal - but it had to happen one day ...
`` Arsene Wenger 's future still remains the subject of much debate . Even though The FA Cup semi final was a nice moment and I think the supporters enjoyed seeing Wenger celebrate in the way that he did , but overall I do n't think that has changed anything for anyone . The majority of fans still think it 's time for a change and a victory at Wembley could be a perfect way to go out . '' ( clairelouisebloomfield @ hotmail.com ; editing by John Stonestreet )
A Royal Mail postal van is parked outside homes in Maybury near Woking in southern England March 25 , 2014 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Britain 's Royal Mail is looking at ways to replace the final salary pension scheme it plans to scrap at the end of March 2018 , after a backlash from unions including the threat of possible strike action .
Royal Mail , the postal service privatised in 2013 , said on Friday it was one of only a few major companies to still have staff in a defined benefit scheme , a type of pension that pays out according to workers ' final salary and length of service .
The Communications Workers Union ( CWU ) opposes Royal Mail 's move to close the scheme and says it would result in employees in the plan losing on average up to a third of their future pensions .
Around 90,000 Royal Mail workers are in the scheme , whose closure to new members in 2008 resulted in about 40,000 workers joining a less generous defined contribution plan .
Royal Mail said among the options for those leaving the older scheme , it was considering a defined benefit cash balance scheme , where employees would receive a fixed sum at retirement plus payments based on the performance of a pension fund . Royal Mail said this built on a proposal put forward by the CWU .
`` We believe that the defined benefit cash balance scheme would be a fair proposal that compares favourably with the retirement benefits offered in our industry and by other large UK employers , '' the company said in a statement .
British companies are facing increasing costs to fund pensions as people live longer and investment returns on bonds have fallen and are expected to remain low .
At 1310 GMT , Royal Mail shares were down 3.7 percent at 403.6 pence .
The new scheme would be set up in a new section of the company 's overall pension plan , with employees also having the option to join the defined contribution scheme , it said .
Royal Mail said the cost of the new plan would be much lower than that required to maintain the current arrangement , which would have meant it more than doubling its annual contributions to over 1 billion pounds .
The company currently pays around 400 million pounds a year into the defined benefit scheme , and a spokesman said the cost of the new proposed scheme would be similar .
The company is continuing to hold talks with the CWU as well as unions Unite/CMA over its pension plan , it added .
Unite said talks with Royal Mail over plans to close the defined benefit scheme were `` complex and difficult . ''
`` ... if we do n't achieve a satisfactory outcome , we ca n't rule out an industrial action ballot , '' Brian Scott , the union 's officer for the Royal Mail said in an emailed statement .
( Reporting by Esha Vaish and Rahul B in Bengaluru ; Editing by Hugh Lawson and Mark Potter )
May 2 Nxt-id Inc
* Q1 revenue $ 6.6 million
* NXT-ID releases preliminary results for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017
* Operating income for Q1 2017 was approximately $ 1 million compared to an operating loss of $ 2.3 million in Q1 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Updates with more executives ' comments )
LAUSANNE , March 29 Top executives from the world 's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne , Switzerland , this week .
For highlights from the first day :
The following are the latest highlights :
JEFFREY DELLAPINA , CFO , VITOL
`` I 'm excited at the prospect of efficiency and saving money ( with blockchain ) . Will it happen overnight ? Industry-wide solutions are a bit intimidating to think about . There are lots of counterparties and jurisdictions . ''
DANIEL HINES , CFO , CASTLETON COMMODITIES
`` ( Blockchain ) will be a multi-year process . There is a lot of paper that goes around , it 's arcane . The industry is ripe for it . This needs to get everyone participating in it . It 's going to be a long effort . ''
DANIEL JAEGGI , PRESIDENT , MERCURIA
Echoing remarks by Mercuria 's CEO on Tuesday , Jaeggi sees a coming crunch as short-term investments are prioritised over long-term .
`` There is an imbalance right now which is getting bigger ... when you look at 2018 , 2019 , 2020 what you 're seeing is short cycle investment that is hedging on the back end of the ( oil price ) curve ... pushing it down . ''
`` In the medium term , 3-4 years , there 's a potential to create the next big imbalance . You 're going to miss at some stage the big , long-term investments . It 's sowing the seeds for potential instability and volatility in the future . ''
BEN LUCKOCK , CO-HEAD MARKET RISK , TRAFIGURA
`` What 's interesting for someone like Trafigura is that U.S. flows are changing and it gives you something to look at every single day . The greater Gulf coast - it 's the new release valve for the global oil market , '' Luckock said , adding that initially U.S. flows went to Europe first then to Asia .
Luckock also sees a crunch coming due to short cycle investment .
`` The best ones ( producing assets ) are being used up now , low-hanging fruit ... It 's coming home to roost sooner than people think . ''
Trafigura is a major lifter of crude from Iraqi Kurdistan , which Luckock says is becoming less controversial .
`` The buying group has certainly increased , a lot of these barrels go to Asia . Some refiners still refuse because of their relationships with Baghdad . But it 's a significant flow . It impacts the balance around the world . ''
ALISTAIR CROSS , GLOBAL HEAD OF OPERATIONS , MERCURIA
Cross said it typically takes 30 days to process contracts prior to payment and can take longer depending on the product .
`` In our test case , within four days we got all electronic documents in and certainty of settlement ... It 's a significant number . ''
Cross also sees blockchain technology as a way to reduce high-level fraud and cut back office costs .
`` Our industry is very paper based and we have the technology now that can solve the complete settlement cycle ... Back office costs are a focus for all the companies and an area where we can make significant savings . ''
`` A lot of instances of fraud - it 's high tech . The information on the document looks real and recognizable by counterparts . With blockchain , you can have a verifiable , authenticated ( document ) and only a person with a secure login can send that document . ''
ALAN HAYWOOD , CEO OF SUPPLY AND TRADING BP
`` The context for our strategy is laid out in fundamentals until 2035 . We see energy demand increasing by about 30 percent , half from nuclear , hydro power and renewables ... half will be going to the power sector . ''
`` But we see 75 percent of energy demand still coming from oil , gas and coal . Gas demand will grow at approximately twice the rate of oil ... on the renewable side we will focus on our commitment to wind and Brazilian biofuels . ''
MARCO ALVERA , CEO , SNAM
Alvera sees emerging markets moving towards gas away from coal due to the cleaner advantage of gas .
`` A one percent switch from coal to gas , gives same benefit on carbon dioxide , as a 10 percent shift to renewables . ''
`` In Europe , demand for gas has stabilised but production is declining . Faced with stable demand , imports need to grow ... we can only look east or southeast like the southern corridor .
`` Europe has huge opportunities for LNG storage due to huge depleted reserves . LNG will become hugely seasonal ... and very distressed in the summer . Italy is a unique position because has the largest gas storage reserves so can be a hub for imports and exports . ''
`` In the United States , coal will be back , which potentially in the short term will benefit gas in Europe , and the price of coal will go up . ''
`` There 's a huge potential for biomethane in transport ... the beauty is that you can use existing infrastructure . ''
MARK CRANDALL , CHAIRMAN , POSTSCRIPTUM
`` The switch from coal to gas is a bigger thing than any switch to renewables . ''
`` Batteries are about to happen . The first large scale delivery will start in July ... Whether they will live up to the hype is another thing . They still are not cheap enough . ''
`` You can see the grim reaper for fossil fuels in the rear view mirror . In Chile and Argentina ... in non-subsidised tenders , renewables win . That 's extraordinary compared to five years ago . Eventually it will catch up in the northern hemisphere . ''
SAMUEL LEUPOLD , EXECUTIVE VP , DONG ENERGY
`` Coal needs to go , lignite needs to go but it needs to be politically led ... Batteries in my view are completely overhyped . ''
`` The influence of Washington D.C. is limited ... in terms of subsidies , it 's more about the state than D.C. , '' Leupold said , when asked about U.S. President Donald Trump 's executive order undoing Obama-era climate change regulation .
( Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz , editing by Louise Heavens and Susan Fenton )
April 3 Q2 Holdings Inc
* Q2 Holdings Inc - on MARCH 30 , 2017 , board resolved to increase size of board from eight directors to nine - SEC filing
* Q2 Holdings Inc - appointed R. Lynn Atchison as a director to fill vacancy created upon expansion in size of board - SEC filing Source text : ( bit.ly/2nUlZvH ) Further company coverage :
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10 , 2016 , for the Yankees . Nine days later , he underwent a second elbow surgery . Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school .
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow . Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list before Wednesday 's game .
`` It felt great being out there , '' Eovaldi said . `` I was so focused on just getting that first out . After I got it , the emotions kind of got to me . I was a little nervous out there . Then I was able to regroup and slow back down . ''
Eovaldi , the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries , induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman .
`` I think we pushed him about as much as we wanted to , '' Cash said .
Font then came in and retired Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle .
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder , then retired the next three batters .
That was all the offence the A 's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games .
`` Honestly , those guys over there , they 're pitching great , '' Oakland shortstop Chad Pinder said . `` Those guys are n't a walk in the park , and they 're locating and they 're making all their pitches work . Hitting 's hard enough as it is . ''
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May , the second-lowest average in the majors .
STRUGGLING SEAN
Manaea allowed four runs in five innings . After going 4-1 with 1.00 ERA through his first six starts that included the majors ' first no-hitter this season on Apri 21 , the big left-hander has been in a tailspin .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Athletics : INF Marcus Semien was placed on the paternity leave list before the game . Pinder started at shortstop in Semien 's absence . RHP Josh Lucas was called up from Triple-A Nashville . ... RHP Liam Hendriks began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville .
UP NEXT
Tampa Bay RHP Ryne Stanek ( 1-0 , 3.24 ERA ) will make his second career start , three days after getting a win coming out of the bullpen . RHP Daniel Mengden ( 5-4 , 2.85 ) goes for Oakland .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Michael Wagaman , The Associated Press
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 13 Root9b Holdings Inc
* Root9b Holdings names Eric Hipkins chief executive officer
* Root9b Holdings Inc - Hipkins succeeds Joseph J. Grano , jr. , who will remain with RTNB as non-executive chairman of board
* Appointment of Eric Hipkins effective May 25 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Golf - Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship - Abu Dhabi Golf Club , United Arab Emirates - 23/1/16Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal in action during the third round . Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs
Pablo Larrazabal maintained his impressive form to card a six-under-par 66 and take the halfway lead at the China Open , three shots clear of Dylan Frittelli and overnight leader Alexander Levy .
The 33-year-old Spaniard Larrazabal , who has secured four top-15 finishes in nine events this season , seized control at Topwin Golf and Country Club on the back-nine with an eagle on the 11th hole followed by birdies on the 12th and 15th .
Following a spotless weekend at Shenzhen International last week , he extended his run to 81 holes before dropping a shot on the 17th to finish 14 under-par .
`` It 's good to have some confidence coming into the week - I feel like I 'm just trying to keep up the same stuff I was working on last week - and so far so good , '' Larrazabal said .
`` It 's been a great two days of work , I have been playing good and putting awesome so I am looking forward to the weekend . ''
Earlier in the day , Frittelli had fired a 63 to match the clubhouse record set by Levy on day one . The 2014 winner Levy followed up with a 70 to share second spot with the South African .
The duo was followed by South Korea 's Lee Soo-min on the leaderboard after a bogey-free 65 , while Belgian Thomas Detry and South African George Coetzee shared the fifth spot at eight under .
South African pair Dean Burmester and Jaco van Zyl , Joost Luiten of the Netherlands , Germany 's Bernd Ritthammer , Englishman Graeme Storm , 2010 champion Y.E . Yang and last week 's winner Bernd Wiesberger were at seven under to share the seventh place on the standings .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
April 6 Gore Spain Holdings Socimi I SA :
* Says formalizes sale of 12 companies from the logistics warehouses section of its assets portfolio for 243.4 million euros ( $ 259.3 million )
* Says price represents a premium of 25 pct over the assets valuation , carried out on June 30 , 2016
* Says after this sale , its portfolio will be comprised of 6 companies and corresponding assets , with an approximate valuation of 103 million euros Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9389 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship matches on Saturday Saturday , August 12 Guabira 0 Sport Boys 2 Friday , August 11 Club Petrolero 1 San Jose 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Club Petrolero 3 2 1 0 3 0 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Jorge Wilstermann 2 2 0 0 7 2 6 3 Oriente Petrolero 2 2 0 0 4 1 6 4 San Jose 3 1 1 1 3 3 4 5 Sport Boys 3 1 1 1 3 5 4 6 The Strongest 2 1 0 1 6 3 3 7 Real Potosi 2 1 0 1 2 3 3 8 Guabira 3 1 0 2 3 5 3 9 Blooming 2 0 2 0 1 1 2 10 Nacional Potosi 2 0 1 1 0 1 1 11 Universitario de Sucre 2 0 0 2 2 5 0 12 Bolivar 2 0 0 2 0 5 0 1 : Copa Libertadores Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , August 13 Oriente Petrolero v Blooming ( 1900 ) Universitario de Sucre v Real Potosi ( 1900 ) Bolivar v Jorge Wilstermann ( 2000 ) Nacional Potosi v The Strongest ( 2115 )
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY , June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas , Europe and the Far East , the company said on Wednesday . The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers : DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - AMERICAS Maya crude
TBILISI , April 3 Consumer prices in Georgia were down 0.5 percent in March compared with the previous month after rising by 1.7 percent in February , the State Statistics Service said on Monday . Annual inflation in March was 5.4 percent , the data showed . CONSUMER PRICE INDEX March 17 Feb 17 March 16 to previous month -0.5 +1.7 -0.3 to previous year +5.4 +5.5 +4.1 ( Reporting by Margarita Antidze ; Editing by Andrey Ostroukh )
You can celebrate the first day of spring with free ice cream !
Dairy Queen is giving out small vanilla cones Tuesday .
The promotion applies only to participating non-mall Dairy Queens and DQ Grill & Chill locations all over the country . The offer is valid all day .
I am # FreeConeDay . Coming to your DQ this Tuesday , March 20th . Come catch some summer sun on the first day of spring with one free small vanilla cone . pic.twitter.com/CfHk07mIRK — Dairy Queen ( @ DairyQueen ) March 18 , 2018
The fast-food restaurant is also collecting donations for the Children 's Miracle Network hospitals .
The offer is valid for one free vanilla soft serve cone .
Click here for locations .
Here we are , only two days away from the 2018 NFL Draft .
We have mock drafts popping up left and right .
Chris Tomasson , the Vikings beat writer for the Pioneer Press , released his on Tuesday morning .
Tomasson is a solid beat writer , who is very , very well connected .
In his mock draft , Tomasson has the Vikings going defense , and selecting Michigan defensive tackle Maurice Hurst with the 30th overall pick .
Here 's what Tomasson had to write about the pick :
Hurst was diagnosed with a heart issue that sidelined him for the combine before he was cleared to participate in Michigan 's pro day . Prior to his diagnosis , Hurst was a possible top-15 pick , but now he could fall to the Vikings , who need depth at three-technique .
Interesting pick with the Vikings signing defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson . It would also mark the second-straight season the Vikings selected a defensive tackle out of the Big 10 after drafting Jaleel Johnson out of Iowa in the fourth round .
Hurst has a first-round grade from our Luke Easterling and is his No . 3 graded interior defender , so this would be a huge get for the Vikings . Hurst has a high motor and has been very disruptive throughout his career thus far .
The draft is set for April 26 at 7 p.m . Finally .
April 10 Mianyang Fulin Precision Machining Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 30 percent to 60 percent , or to be 68.7 million yuan to 84.6 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 52.9 million yuan )
* Comments that financial result consolidation of newly merged company is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/zyY6BO
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
March 30 Gander Mountain Co
* Gander Mountain files stalking horse bid
* Gander Mountain Co - Filing was made today as part of company 's proceedings under Chapter 11 of United States Bankruptcy Code
* Gander mountain co says expects to submit winning bid to court for approval in early May and anticipates a closing of sale by May 15
* Gander Mountain Co - Filed a stalking horse bid by a JV comprised of Gordon Brothers and Hilco Merchant Resources to purchase substantially all of its assets Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Images from the Memorial Day ceremony held May 28 at Oak Grove Cemetery in Delaware .
Rick Helwig covers his ear after Henry Shaw Jr. , not pictured , fired a replica of a Civil War-era cannon known as a 6-pounder Wiard rifle . Both men are part of the 5th Ohio Light Artillery Unit .
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Cannon-2.jpg Rick Helwig covers his ear after Henry Shaw Jr. , not pictured , fired a replica of a Civil War-era cannon known as a 6-pounder Wiard rifle . Both men are part of the 5th Ohio Light Artillery Unit . Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
Delaware County Commissioner Gary Merrell served as the keynote speaker during Monday 's Memorial Day ceremony at Oak Grove Cemetery . “ Here in Delaware County , we have many heroes to honor . It is important to remember that each of them was an individual … These are just not names on monuments , these were real people , ” Merrell told those who gathered to pay their respects to those who gave the ultimate sacrifice .
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Merrell-2.jpg Delaware County Commissioner Gary Merrell served as the keynote speaker during Monday 's Memorial Day ceremony at Oak Grove Cemetery . “ Here in Delaware County , we have many heroes to honor . It is important to remember that each of them was an individual … These are just not names on monuments , these were real people , ” Merrell told those who gathered to pay their respects to those who gave the ultimate sacrifice . Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
Members of the Delaware County Air Force Junior ROTC conduct a flag folding ceremony during the Memorial Day service held Monday in Oak Grove Cemetery , Delaware .
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Flag-2.jpg Members of the Delaware County Air Force Junior ROTC conduct a flag folding ceremony during the Memorial Day service held Monday in Oak Grove Cemetery , Delaware . Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0314-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0258-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0255-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0232-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0222-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0215-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_DSC_0283-2.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
A U.S. Marine Corps veteran salutes the American flag during the singing of the national anthem on Monday at Oak Grove Cemetery in Delaware . The Memorial Day ceremony was organized by the Vietnam Veterans of America Chapter 1095 .
Rising political star Ocasio-Cortez defends Bronx roots
Photo : Mark Lennihan , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this June 27 , 2018 file photo , Democrat rising star Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez , speaks to the media in New York , the day after her congressional primary upset over 10-term incumbent Joe Crowley . Ocasio-Cortez , 28 , has responded to a conservative TV host who questioned her background in the Bronx borough of New York City . Her campaign explained her family moved to Westchester 's Yorktown Heights when she was 5 to attend better schools but she moved back to the Bronx after college . less FILE - In this June 27 , 2018 file photo , Democrat rising star Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez , speaks to the media in New York , the day after her congressional primary upset over 10-term incumbent Joe Crowley . ... more Photo : Mark Lennihan , AP Rising political star Ocasio-Cortez defends Bronx roots 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Rising political star Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has often talked about her working-class roots in New York City 's Bronx , saying in a campaign video alongside gritty street images , `` I was born in a place where your ZIP code determines your destiny . ''
But in the days following the Democrat 's stunning primary victory over 10-term incumbent Joe Crowley , she has been forced to defend that campaign narrative against conservative critics who have seized on reports that she spent much of her life growing up , not in the Bronx , but 35 miles north on a quiet suburban street in Westchester County .
Ocasio-Cortez 's mother , Blanca , told The New York Times that her daughter was about 5 years old when the family moved from the Bronx , where she was born , to a modest home in Yorktown , New York , that property records show her father purchased a few years before for $ 150,000 . Ocasio-Cortez 's campaign said that move was made to allow her to attend better schools , and that she moved back to the Bronx after graduating from college .
John Cardillo , who hosts `` America Talks Live '' on the Newsmax cable channel , sent a tweet Sunday showing a photo of Ocasio-Cortez 's childhood home with the caption : `` This is the Yorktown Heights ( very nice area ) home @ Ocasio2018 grew up in before going off to Ivy League Brown University . A far cry from the Bronx hood upbringing she 's selling . '' He was apparently referencing a Daily Mail story on the subject that appeared a day before .
The 28-year-old Ocasio-Cortez replied on Twitter that , for starters , she did n't go to Brown but attended Boston University . She told Cardillo to `` Try Google , '' and commented that Yorktown Heights was `` a good town for working people , '' where her mom scrubbed toilets so she could afford to live there .
`` Your attempt to strip me of my family , my story , my home , and my identity is exemplary of how scared you are of the power of all four of those things , '' she tweeted .
Cardillo acknowledged that he got Ocasio-Cortez 's college wrong but continued to tweet criticisms of her through Monday morning , even inviting her onto the show to respond .
Campaign spokesperson Corbin Trent said that being in both worlds showed Ocasio-Cortez how a ZIP code can determine opportunities .
`` From an early age , Alexandria grew up with a deep understanding of income inequality , '' her campaign website said . `` The state of Bronx public schools in the late 80s and early 90s sent her parents on a search for a solution . She ended up attending public school 40 minutes north in Yorktown , and much of her life was defined by the 40 minute commute between school and her family in the Bronx . ''
Trent explained that the 40-minute `` commute '' referred to Ocasio-Cortez 's trips to visit extended family on weekends and holidays .
Ocasio-Cortez 's victory was seen as a possible shift in the Democratic Party to more progressive candidates in the mold of Sen. Bernie Sanders , on whose 2016 presidential campaign she worked . She will be heavily favored in the general election against Anthony Pappas , a St. John 's University economics professor .
HONG KONG Two Chinese activists who supported pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong were jailed by a court in southern China on Friday for subverting state power , but their lawyer said their heavy sentences were part of an ongoing crackdown on civil society .
Su Changlan and Chen Qitang , who both faced `` incitement to subvert state power '' charges , were jailed for three and four-and-a-half years respectively by a court in Foshan close to Guangzhou , according to their lawyer , Liu Xiaoyuan .
The verdict made no mention of Hong Kong .
At least four other Chinese activists who have been put behind bars for supporting Hong Kong 's large pro-democracy , `` umbrella movement '' protests in 2014 . At least 100 people in China had been detained for voicing support for the demonstrations , according to Amnesty International .
Liu said he was very angry and disappointed at both the heavy sentence and what he called the court 's disrespect of the law .
`` They have alternative opinions and views , and sometimes they can be very critical of the government , but this does not mean they are subverting state power , '' Liu said .
`` Now they 've been sentenced heavily ... our freedom of speech will only be further restricted . ''
Liu said the case had dragged on for an unreasonable amount of time , and the pair planned to appeal .
Security was tight around the courthouse , with scores of police blocking the area , according to footage carried by Hong Kong 's Cable TV .
Su , a prominent women 's rights advocate in Southern China , had been taken into police custody by Guangzhou police in late 2014 for expressing support on social media for the Hong Kong protests . Su suffered from a thyroid ailment and had been denied multiple requests for bail on medical grounds .
Chen , meanwhile , had posted articles in support of human rights and Hong Kong 's pro-democracy movement , according to Amnesty International .
Both had pleaded not guilty . Calls to the Foshan people 's court went unanswered .
`` The Chinese authorities are very scared that universal values would affect the ( Chinese ) public ... This is how Hong Kong is dangerous in the Chinese authorities ' eyes , '' said Chow Hang-tung , a barrister and vice chairwoman of the Hong Kong Alliance that champions democratic causes .
`` Hong Kong is all about the rule of law and democracy . ''
China 's leadership has overseen a sweeping crackdown on activists since President Xi Jinping took power in 2012 , including detaining or imprisoning dozens of rights lawyers in what the government says is the targeting of criminal acts .
The once relatively vibrant civil society in southern Guangdong province has been smothered by authorities in recent years , with scores of detentions and convictions of human rights lawyers and activists in various areas including labour .
Last weekend , a Chinese Australia-based academic , Feng Chongyi , was blocked from boarding a flight home from Guangzhou , and remains in a hotel in the city . Feng had been meeting with fellow academics and intellectuals while in China , as well as human rights lawyers as part of his research .
China also confirmed on Wednesday it had detained a Taiwan human rights activist , Lee Ming-che , and was investigating him on suspicion of harming national security .
( Story refiles to change headline to make clear activists were Chinese . )
( Writing by James Pomfret ; Editing by Michael Perry )
Haldimand Norfolk Concert Band , 7:30 p.m . Faith Centennial United Church , 28 Main St. W. , Selkirk . Free will offering in support of the Canadian Foodgrains Bank
Sherry Ryan , Newfoundland singer-songwriter on tour with Darren Brown , mandolin , 8 p.m. Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. Tickets : $ 10 . 905-543-8512
June 1
Morgan Davis , country blues , plus contemporary songs infused with humour , 8 p.m. Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. Tickets : $ 15 . 905-543-8512
Celebration of Estonian Connections , 7:30 p.m. St. Joseph 's Roman Catholic Church , 260 Herkimer St . Guest artists Aare Tammesalu ( Estonia ) and Erik Kreem , for Estonia 's 100th Anniversary . Bach 's celebrated `` Concerto for Two Pianos '' played by Stillman Matheson and Norman Reintamm . Suggested donation : $ 20 .
Grand Finale with Juniors , Rising Stars and All Star Jazz Bands , 7:30 p.m. Old Firehall Arts Centre , 334 Wilson St. E. , Ancaster . Tickets at the door : $ 10 Email : info @ hamiltonallstarjazz.org
June 2
My Immigrant Greek Parents , starring Tasos Nikopoulos , one-man show comedy , 7 p.m . The Studio , FirstOntario Centre , 1 Summers Lane . Tickets : 905-546-3100
Blues with a Feeling , 7 p.m. Leander Boat Club , 50 Leander Dr. Crowbar , Trickbag , Sonny Del Rio , Mick Hayes with the Kent Hartley Playboys . Tickets : $ 25 . Dr. Disc , Chedoke Flowers , Looney Tunes , Picks and Sticks and Stardust Records . Proceeds to music scholarships at Mohawk College in Richard Newell 's name .
Laura Cole , Piece of Paradise , 7:30 p.m. New Vision United Church , 24 Main St. W. Special guests Tomi Swick , Joel Guenther and more . Tickets : $ 20 single , $ 30 includes admission LP and digital download card , $ 50 includes dual admission and LP , digital download . Email : lauracolemusic @ gmail.com
Stuart Laughton , multi-instrumentalist , 8 p.m. Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. Tickets : $ 15 . 905-543-8512
Barton Village Festival , 12 p.m. to 8 p.m. Entertainment : Habourtown Sound , Basement Revolver , Mount Farewell , Sarah Beatty , Flat 5 , Easy Lemon , The Ollivanders , Run Maggie Run , Pip , Elise , Marcus Starr , James Hoffman , Alex Whorms , Ailish Corbett and Hamilton Open Band . Barton Street from Wentworth to Victoria Streets . Free
June 3
Coronation Street , William Roache , The Ken Barlow Effect Tour , 7:30 p.m . The Studio , FirstOntario Centre , 1 Summers Lane . Tickets : 905-546-3100
Lights Camera Music , Hamilton Concert Band , under the direction of Paul McGoveran , 7 p.m . The Hamilton Spectator Auditorium , 44 Frid St. Live music from the big screen including Beauty and the Beast , James Bond and more . Tickets at the door : $ 10 , children under 13 free .
Matt Dusk , sings Sinatra , 7:30 p.m. Royal Botanical Gardens Headquarters , 680 Plains Rd . W. , Burlington . Tickets : $ 75 . rbg.ca/benefitconcert
A Tudor Tapestry , Music of 16th Century England , 3:30 p.m. Grace Lutheran Church , 1280 Main St. W. RosewoodConsort.ca
Guitar Magic , 7 p.m. Church of St. John the Evangelist , the Rock on Locke , 320 Charlton Ave. W. James Bryan ( Philosopher Kings/Prozzak ) and Emma Rush , classical guitar . Tickets : $ 15 advance $ 20 at the door . 905-807-4792
Haldimand Choralairs , 3 p.m. in celebration with Binbrook United Church 's 193rd anniversary . Music from the 50s and 60s , light supper will follow . Tickets : $ 15 . 692-0045
June 6
Robert Bruce , Blues Hologram , debut concert , 7:30 p.m. Art Gallery of Hamilton , Tanenbaum Pavilion , 123 King St. W. Tickets at the door : $ 20
June 7
St. Joe 's ArtsFest Festival Trio , 7:30 p.m. St. Joseph 's Roman Catholic Church , 260 Herkimer St. Violinist Sadie Fields ( from Brussels ) , cellist Paul Pulford ( NB ) and pianist Ken Gee ( director of Guelph Musicfest ) . Donations welcome , $ 20 , accessible .
The Polka Dogs , Toronto theatre based band tour and new CD , 8 p.m. Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. Tickets : $ 15 . 905-543-8512
June 8
Latin American peña , 8 p.m. with guitarist/singer Marcelo Puente , singer Lil America , Edgardo Moreno , singer Nancy Reyes , Jose Lobos and Fito Molena , poetry by Ama Luna and Costanza Durán . Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. Tickets : $ 10 . 905-543-8512
June 9
Fundraiser Concert , 5 p.m . Foundations Montessori School , 265 Wilson St. E. , Ancaster . Featuring : Hamilton Rising Stars Jazz Band , Loose Change quintet , Riddim Riders , The Keon Crosswell Ensemble . Tickets at the door : $ 30 , $ 25 advance . Food , silent auction . 905-966-9440 or 905-317-5805
Summer Serenade , 7:30 p.m. Brant Hills Presbyterian Church , 2138 Brant St. , Burlington . Fundraising chamber concert featuring musicians from Symphony on the Bay in small group ensembles , including strings , flutes , clarinets , trumpet and other combinations . Tickets : $ 20 , students under 19 : $ 10 , families of parents and children : $ 30 . symphonyonthebay.ca
Songwriters in the Round , hosted by Duane Rutter , 8 p.m . Guests : Cindy Dell , Dave Pomfret and Danny Medakovic . Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. Tickets : $ 15 . 905-543-8512
June 10
Chamber Music Hamilton , 2 p.m. Art Gallery of Hamilton , 123 King St. W. Rare concert of exotic instruments including theremin , therevox ( ondes martenot ) . Electronics played by Michael Schulte , musical saw by David Hetherington . Ensemble includes pianist Christina Quilico , flutist Leslie Newman , violist Caitlin Boyle . Admission includes AGH access . Tickets : $ 35 , $ 30 , $ 15 . chambermusichamilton.ca
Haldimand Choralairs , spring concert , Jazz to Juke Box , 3 p.m. Caledonia Baptist Church , 401 Argyle St. S. Under the direction of Dr. Stillman Matheson ; Accompanist , Erika Pavkovic . Admission by donation .
Getting Out is taken exclusively from events entries submitted on our website . We will no longer accept entries by email . To submit your event , please click on Event Listings at thespec.com . If you have any difficulties or questions please call 905-526-3420 .
See more event listings on thespec.com
Deadline for Getting Out submissions is 1 p.m. the Friday before Thursday publication .
• Compiled by Linda Ricciardi
Getting Out is taken exclusively from events entries submitted on our website . We will no longer accept entries by email . To submit your event , please click on Event Listings at thespec.com . If you have any difficulties or questions please call 905-526-3420 .
See more event listings on thespec.com
Deadline for Getting Out submissions is 1 p.m. the Friday before Thursday publication .
• Compiled by Linda Ricciardi
May 3 Terra Nitrogen Company L.P. :
* Terra Nitrogen Company , L.P. reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 sales $ 119 million versus $ 108 million
* Says for full year 2017 , TNCLP expects to make capital expenditures in range of $ 25 million to $ 35 million
* Qtrly net earnings per common unit $ 2.10 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay )
The Minister of State for Tourism Brendan Griffin says he can not give a guarantee that boats will be allowed to land on Inishmurray island off Sligo this summer .
On Tuesday the Minister met local boatmen who run day trips to the island where one of the country 's best preserved early Christian sites is located .
Among those appealing with the Minister to end the ban on boats landing on the island were two local women who were born on Inishmurray which was inhabited until 1948 .
Last month the Marine Survey Office ( MSO ) attached to the Department of Tourism and Transport warned local commercial boat owners they would be prosecuted if they brought visitors to the island . The MSO expressed concern about safety when passengers are embarking and disembarking , and said the existing landing facility was wholly inadequate .
Keith Clarke , one of four men who met the Minister , refused to say afterwards whether he would obey the ban if it was not lifted . “ I am reserving my position on that , ” said Mr Clarke , who says he has been bringing visitors to the island for more than 30 years . He said locals had stressed to the Minister that there had never been an accident . “ I might get 30 bookings in one summer and do only 10 trips . We know better than anyone when it is safe , ” he said .
The Minister said he hoped to get all the parties with a role to play around the table as a matter of urgency in a bid to find a “ common sense solution ” .
He said he had come to Sligo to fix the problem as he was conscious of the time of year . “ The tourism season is already running in many parts of the Wild Atlantic Way , ” he said .
Livelihood
He was also aware that the boat trips provided a livelihood for some of those involved .
Mr Griffin said he could not give the boat owners a guarantee that they would be able to run tours this summer . “ I gave them a solid guarantee that I would do my very best to work with the agencies that are involved to try to find a resolution . ”
Local Fianna Fáil TD Eamon Scanlon said the ban on boats landing on the historic island appeared to have “ come out of nowhere ” . He said it would have a major financial impact on local boat owners .
“ One man who contacted me had spent €200,000 on a boat . What is he meant to do now ? ” asked Mr Scanlon .
Mr Clarke said the survey had been carried out by the MSO in 2008 . “ Why suddenly the ban now after 10 years ? ” he asked .
April 5 Legislation addressing public pension problems in the two biggest cities in Texas are on track for a House vote this month , a key state lawmaker said on Wednesday .
A bill for Houston 's retirement system passed the Texas House Pensions Committee on Wednesday and State Representative Dan Flynn , the committee 's Republican chairman , said a Dallas measure should follow suit by next week .
`` I believe both bills will make it to the House floor in the next couple of weeks , '' he said in an interview , noting the legislation is the culmination of 18 months of work to find fixes for the financially ailing pension systems .
With the Dallas police and fire pension system projected to become insolvent within 10 years , legislation would cut the nearly $ 3.7 billion unfunded liability to $ 2.18 billion and boost the funded ratio to nearly 50 percent from the current 36.8 percent , according to a bill analysis . To accomplish that , the measure would increase retirement ages , hike worker and city contributions , limit cost-of-living ( COLA ) increases for retirees , and restructure governance .
During a hearing on the bill this week , Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings pushed for city control of the pension board and against `` a taxpayer bailout . ''
Flynn dismissed the mayor 's opposition .
`` There 's probably a little heartburn for everybody , which makes it a pretty good bill because if only one side was happy we 'd still have problems , '' he said .
The Houston bill , supported by Mayor Sylvester Turner , would reduce the unfunded liability in the city 's municipal , police , and firefighter funds to about $ 5.5 billion from $ 8.1 billion by boosting retirement ages , suspending and reducing COLAs , and increasing employee contributions . For its part , Houston would have to make actuarially required annual payments to the funds , which would lower their projected investment return rates to 7 percent , and sell $ 1 billion of pension bonds .
Potentially complicating matters for Houston are another bill , which passed the Senate last week , requiring voter approval for the issuance of pension bonds by local governments .
`` We do not believe in taking a tool away from municipalities solving pension problems , especially in a higher interest cost environment , '' said Darian Ward , the mayor 's spokeswoman .
Flynn said his committee became involved because pension problems contributed to credit rating downgrades for both cities .
`` If the two largest cities in Texas start getting downgraded , well , it could actually affect our Texas bond ratings , '' he said , referring to the state 's triple-A credit standing .
( Reporting by Karen Pierog in Chicago ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap 's First Senior Bonds at 'AA ( idn ) '
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) JAKARTA , June 14 ( Fitch ) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA ( idn ) ' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos ( Bank Mantap , AA ( idn ) /Stable ) . Bank Mantap 's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months , which consists of : - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date ,
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Liverpool - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 19/3/17 Manchester City 's John Stones in action with Liverpool 's Sadio Mane Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff
Britain Football Soccer - England v Portugal - International Friendly - Wembley Stadium - 2/6/16England 's Dele Alli , Danny Rose , Kyle Walker and Harry Kane warm up before the matchReuters / Dylan Martinez
Britain Football Soccer - Chelsea v Arsenal - Premier League - Stamford Bridge - 4/2/17 Chelsea 's Eden Hazard celebrates scoring their second goal with teammates Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley
Players from Premier League title-chasers Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur dominate the Professional Football Association 's Team of the Year announced on Thursday , occupying eight of the starting 11 spots .
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante , a league title winner with Leicester City last campaign , Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea and Tottenham trio Dele Alli , Danny Rose and Harry Kane all make the team for the second consecutive season .
Spurs ' Kyle Walker was also named in the side along with fellow defenders Gary Cahill and David Luiz of Chelsea .
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard , the PFA Player 's Player of the Year in 2014-15 , was also back in the lineup .
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku , the league 's top scorer , and Liverpool winger Sadio Mane also made the team .
Among the big names missing out were Manchester United 's leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez , who were both nominated for the PFA Player 's Player of the Year earlier this month .
All 92 clubs in the English Football League and eight sides from the Women 's Super League voted for the Team of the Year ahead of the 44th PFA Awards in London on Sunday .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota has a sprained left knee , and his left tackle has a sore back . The physical ailments are nothing like the frustration felt by the Titans after turning in their lowest-scoring performance all season .
And it could n't have been more costly , leaving Tennessee now looking up at Jacksonville in the AFC South with three games remaining .
The Titans scored only one touchdown in the second quarter of a 12-7 loss to Arizona . They have only themselves to blame for mistakes that led to two interceptions , a rookie not finding a pass that might 've been a touchdown and an anemic run game .
And that does n't include the fake punt that was so close it was overturned on review , giving Arizona the ball on Tennessee 's side of the field for an easy field goal .
`` We 've just got to do a better job of execution across the board , '' Titans coach Mike Mularkey said Monday . `` We did n't have very many mental errors , probably one of our least mental errors games . But unfortunately those we had were right at the point of where the ball was going to be , either thrown or run . ''
The Titans ( 8-5 ) did get some good news Monday . Mariota sprained the left knee he already protects with a brace , but Mularkey does n't expect that to keep him from Sunday 's game at San Francisco ( 3-10 ) . Left tackle Taylor Lewan will need treatment after being forced from the game in the second quarter , but he also is expected back at practice .
Mariota blamed himself for the interceptions , including one near the goal line . Mularkey said the knee injury , which did n't cost Mariota a snap , did affect both the quarterback 's throws and limited what the Titans could call offensively .
`` He missed some throws he usually does n't miss , '' Mularkey said . `` I definitely think it had a little bit of an effect , it certainly did in the play calling . ''
That led the Titans to finishing with just 204 yards , their third-fewest yards this season with all three games resulting in losses . They ran for just 65 yards a week after a season-high 198 yards rushing .
Wide receiver Rishard Matthews took the blame for one interception where he should have gone in front of the defender instead of turning outside . He said they have to clean up the `` self-inflicted wounds . ''
São Paulo , March 28 Qatar Holdings LLC has put up to 80 million units of Banco Santander Brasil SA up for sale in a restricted effort offering in Brazil and overseas , after shares of Brazil 's No . 3 private-sector bank more than doubled over the past year .
In a Tuesday securities filing , Santander Brasil said the offering will be underwritten by its investment-banking unit , alongside those of Bank of America Corp and Credit Suisse Group AG . At current prices , the offering could raise as much as 2.8 billion reais ( $ 895.7 million ) for Qatar Holdings LLC , an investment firm controlled by the Gulf state 's government .
Public offerings with restricted efforts differ from standard equity offerings in that a company does not have to request registration of the plan with securities industry watchdog CVM . Only qualified investors can participate in such offerings , and the deals can not be marketed through road shows or the media . ( $ 1 = 3.1261 reais ) ( Reporting by Bruno Federowski and Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by )
The marquee for 'The Late Show with Stephen Colbert ' is seen on the Ed Sullivan Theater in Manhattan , New York , August 21 , 2015 . Colbert is set to host the show , which was previously presented by David Letterman . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
CBS television comedian Stephen Colbert poses for the camera on the floor of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Ohio , U.S. July 17 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mark Kauzlarich - RTSIF5O
NEW YORK A crude joke about U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin has sparked a social media storm with calls for late-night TV show host Stephen Colbert to be fired competing with praise for his outspoken remarks .
Colbert , host of the `` The Late Show '' on CBS , made an oral sex joke on Monday night about Trump and Putin during a scathing diatribe against the U.S. president .
It triggered a # FireColbert trending Twitter hashtag , with Trump supporters on Wednesday calling for a boycott of CBS Corp advertisers , some people accusing Colbert of being homophobic , others accusing left-wingers of hypocrisy , and still more defending the comedian .
`` Colbert 's homophobia rant was disgusting and we wo n't tolerate this anti-LGBTQ behavior , '' wrote Scott Presler , chairman of Virginia Beach Young Republicans , on Twitter .
`` # FireColbert ? Please ... I wish I could buy him a drink , '' tweeted a user with the handle @ kingofsorrow954 .
CBS on Wednesday declined to comment on Colbert 's remarks , which follow a surge in popularity for `` The Late Show '' since the host stepped up his scathing nightly attacks on Trump . Colbert has also remained silent on the social media reaction .
The bleeped oral sex joke , which referenced Trump 's oft-stated admiration for Putin during the 2016 election campaign , came at the end of an insult-heavy monologue by Colbert .
Addressing Trump , Colbert said , `` Sir , you attract more skinheads than free Rogaine . You have more people marching against you than cancer . You talk like a sign language gorilla that got hit in the head . ''
Colbert told his audience that he was responding to Trump 's appearance on the CBS political show `` Face the Nation '' over the weekend , when the Republican president walked out after telling host John Dickerson that he liked to call the Sunday morning news show `` Deface the Nation . ''
The White House did not immediately return a request for comment on Colbert 's monologue .
Colbert , 52 , has been attracting the biggest audiences for late-night U.S. television in recent months with his blistering attacks on Trump .
Some 3 million people watch `` The Late Show , '' according to ratings data , which has challenged the genial formula of topical jokes , games and celebrity guests seen on NBC rival `` The Tonight Show '' with Jimmy Fallon .
`` If we do n't go after his network sponsors or affect their ratings base , he will just get more popular , '' tweeted a user called @ hackenbush77 .
Social media monitoring company Brandwatch said on Wednesday that the # FireColbert hashtag had been used 200,000 times since Monday and there had been more than 10,000 tweets about persuading brands to pull their ad dollars from CBS .
( Reporting by Jill Serjeant ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
NEW ROCHELLE , N.Y. — Roland Griffin scored 18 of 20 points after halftime and finished with nine rebounds , Rickey McGill had 17 points , seven rebounds and eight assists and Iona beat Quinnipiac 87-82 in double overtime on Friday night .
Schadrac Casimir added 14 points and Deyshonee Much scored 11 for Iona ( 14-9 , 8-3 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference ) .
Neither team scored in the second overtime until McGill hit E.J . Crawford for a layup with 1:50 to play and the Gaels led the rest of the way . Quinnipiac missed 7 of 8 from the field and hit just 1 of 4 free throws in the period .
McGill made two free throws to give Iona a seven-point lead with 54 seconds left in regulation , but the Bobcats used a 9-2 run — including Cameron Young 's 3-pointer with four seconds to go — to make it 69-all and force overtime .
PHOENIX — Catcher J.T . Realmuto lost his salary arbitration case against Miami and first baseman Justin Bour beat the Marlins to leave players with a 3-1 record this year .
Realmuto was given a $ 2.9 million salary Friday instead of his request for $ 3.5 million . The decision was made by arbitrators Andrew Strongin , Elizabeth Neumeier and Allen Ponak , who heard arguments Wednesday .
Bour was awarded $ 3.4 million instead of Miami 's $ 3 million offer by James Oldham , Steven Wolf and Mark Burstein , who listened to arguments Thursday .
Realmuto may be traded as part of the team 's payroll purge under new chief executive Derek Jeter . The Marlins already have dealt major league home run champion Giancarlo Stanton , Marcell Ozuna , Dee Gordon and Christian Yelich . Realmuto made $ 562,500 last year and was eligible for arbitration for the first time after hitting .278 with 17 homers and 65 RBIs .
Bour hit .289 with 25 homers and 83 RBIs last year , when he had a $ 552,500 salary .
Boston All-Star outfielder Mookie Betts and Arizona pitcher Shelby Miller won the first two cases of the year .
Houston closer Ken Giles had a hearing Thursday , and Toronto closer Roberto Osuna went before a panel on Friday . Both were eligible for arbitration for the first time .
As many as 25 players could go to hearings this year , which would be the most since 1987 .
Osuna asked Wolf , Robert Herzog and James Darby for a raise from $ 552,400 to $ 5.8 million instead of the Blue Jays ' $ 5.3 million offer . The 22-year-old right-hander was 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves last season , raising his three-year total to 95 . But he also led the major leagues with 10 blown saves in 2017 .
Giles asked Phillip LaPorte , Strongin and Sylvia Skratek for a raise from $ 555,100 to $ 4.6 million — $ 400,000 more than Houston 's offer . He had 34 saves in 38 chances and went 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA last year for Houston . While the Astros won their first World Series , Giles had an 11.74 ERA in the post-season and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances , when he allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings .
FILE PHOTO : A BP logo is seen at a new petrol station on the outskirts of Mexico City , Mexico March 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Jasso/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : A BP logo is seen at a petrol station in London , Britain , January 15 , 2015 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
LONDON BP 's profit nearly tripled in the first quarter of 2017 from a year earlier , buoyed by rising oil prices and production that hit a five-year high , while debt piled up in order to pay for acquisitions and costs for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico spill .
The British oil and gas company joined oil major rivals including Exxon Mobil , Chevron and Total in posting stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings , mostly thanks to higher oil and gas prices .
Oil prices rose by 50 percent in the past year to around $ 54 ( £41.8 ) a barrel in the first quarter .
BP expects prices to average between $ 50 and $ 55 a barrel in 2017 , heading to the higher end of the range if OPEC and major producing countries extend production cuts into the second half of the year , Chief Financial Officer Brian Gilvary told Reuters .
The results could assuage some concerns among investors , who were jolted when BP in February raised the oil price at which it could balance its books this year to $ 60 a barrel after a string of investments that pushed up borrowing .
Three years since the oil prices slumped from above $ 100 a barrel and after BP slashed costs with lay-offs and project delays , investors want to see cash generation to cover spending and dividend payouts , while reducing ballooning debt .
BP 's shares were trading 2.4 percent higher at 0721 GMT , the biggest winner on London 's blue chip FTSE 100 index .
`` The results are positive , '' Cenkos Securities analysts wrote , but adding that `` gearing is creeping up towards the max of the 20-30 percent target range , although divestments , including the recent $ 1.7 billion SECCO sale in China , should help . ''
Net debt rose 9 percent in the quarter to $ 38.6 billion , lifting BP 's gearing of net debt to shareholders ' equity from 26 percent to 28 percent , closer to its ceiling of 30 percent .
`` The debt was always going to rise in the first half of the year and the 28 percent gearing , frankly , that does n't cause any problems at all , '' Gilvary said .
To keep oil prices buoyant , oil companies want the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , Russia and other producers to extend their global pact to reduce production for another six months from June 30 .
`` If they do n't get rolled into the second half of the year we will continue to see more ( price ) volatility , '' Gilvary said .
London-based BP is set to start up seven projects this year , including in Oman and Azerbaijan , the largest number in a single year in BP 's history . It hopes to add 800,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) of new production by the end of the decade .
The renewal of BP 's ADCO onshore oil concession in Abu Dhabi in December was a main contributor to BP 's first quarter rise in output . Total upstream production , excluding BP 's share of Rosneft output , reached a five-year high of 2.39 million bpd . [ L5N1EC0AB ]
Projects under construction are ahead of schedule and on average 15 percent below budget , BP said .
BP 's operating cash flow in the quarter rose to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier , hit by payments made towards settling fines related to the 2010 deadly Deepwater Horizon rig explosion and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
BP took a pre-tax $ 161 million charge in the first quarter related to the spill . Total payments are expected to reach $ 4.5 billion to $ 5.5 billion this year .
BP reported first-quarter underlying replacement cost profit , the company 's definition of net income , of $ 1.51 billion , exceeding analysts ' average forecast of $ 1.26 billion .
( The story was refiled to correct Gulf of Mexico Q1 charge in paragraph 17 to $ 161 million , not $ 917 million )
( Editing by MarkPotter and Edmund Blair )
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 29/4/17 Sunderland 's Fabio Borini lies on the floor as Bournemouth 's Harry Arter , Simon Francis and Adam Smith clash with Sunderland 's Wahbi Khazri Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 29/4/17 Sunderland fans look dejected after they are confirmed relegated Reuters / Scott Heppell Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 29/4/17 Bournemouth 's Joshua King celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates Reuters / Scott Heppell Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 29/4/17 Sunderland 's Jermain Defoe in action with Bournemouth 's Charlie Daniels and Steve Cook Reuters / Scott Heppell
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 29/4/17 Sunderland 's Jermain Defoe and Victor Anichebe look dejected Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
SUNDERLAND 0 BOURNEMOUTH 1
Sunderland were relegated from the Premier League with four games still remaining after Josh King struck two minutes from the end to give Bournemouth the three points .
With Hull City earning a point at Southampton , David Moyes ' Sunderland were left bottom of the table with 21 points , 13 points away from safety with just 12 points available .
The impressive King had hit the woodwork in the 20th minute with a clever , curling shot from a tight angle but grabbed the winner with a close-range shot from a Ryan Fraser pass .
Sunderland created little in attack with their best chance of the second half coming from George Honeyman whose shot at the near post , after good work from Fabio Borini , was well saved by Artur Boruc .
( Reporting by Simon Evans , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
( Adds Blake quotes paras 14-16 )
By Ian Chadband
LONDON , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Usain Bolt 's unparalleled career ended in extraordinary drama on Saturday as he pulled up with injury on the anchor leg of his very last race , the 4x100 metres relay final at the World Championships .
The 30-year-old had taken the baton for Jamaica a few metres adrift of the two leaders when , straining hard to catch them , he stopped abruptly with cramp in his left hamstring , began hobbling and tumbled to a halt after a forward roll .
As Britain went on to win gold , Bolt lay on his back in his lane , his head in hands , being tended to by medics as one waited with a wheelchair to help push him off the track .
Yet the sport 's greatest entertainer was determined that one of the finest careers in sport was not going to end with him in a wheelchair .
So the fastest man of all-time , surrounded by his three worried teammates , Omar McLeod , Julian Forte and Yohan Blake , rose gingerly to his feet and limped the last 30 metres to the line .
The official result recorded that the Jamaicans did not finish but Bolt had been absolutely determined to ensure he completed the last race after a matchless career in which he won 19 major championship gold medals .
Typically , Bolt 's only thoughts were with the teammates he felt he had let down .
`` He kept apologising to us but we told him there was no need to apologise , '' Forte said . `` Injuries are part of the sport . ''
McLeod added : `` It just happened - Usain Bolt 's name will always live on . ''
THIRD PLACE
Justin Gatlin , the American winner of the individual 100 metres who had consigned Bolt to third place in his final individual race last Saturday , paid tribute to his rival .
`` I think it was the elements ( that caused the injury ) . I 'm sorry he got this injury . He is still the best in the world , '' Gatlin said .
`` This is farewell time , I am sentimental about it already now . In the warm-up area , we give ourselves respect and greeted each other . Usain Bolt is a great athlete . ''
Kevin Jones , the Jamaican team doctor , said Bolt had suffered cramp in his left hamstring .
Blake was angry at having to wait for two medal ceremonies to take place before the race .
`` It was 40 minutes and two medal presentations before our run ... we were kept 40 minutes . It was crazy , '' Blake said . `` They were holding us too long .
`` We keep warming up and waiting , then warming up and waiting . I think it got the better of us .
`` It hurts to see a true legend , a true champion go out there and struggle like that . ''
Jamaican team manager Ian Forbes praised Bolt for `` going out there and giving his all '' and added that the squad were `` very saddened '' .
`` The diagnostic work will be done shortly to determine how serious it is . He was able to walk to the team bus so hopefully that signals it 's not as serious as it possibly could be , '' Forbes said .
With the 56,000-strong crowd going wild about the British victory , there was still time for them to hail the sport 's favourite performer , who waved to them a mite forlornly while hobbling away from the track .
Five years ago , almost to the very night , British distance running hero Mo Farah had broken into Bolt 's lightning bolt pose in this same stadium and the Jamaican had reciprocated with the Briton 's trademark `` Mobot '' to mark their joyous supremacy at the London Olympics .
Yet in the same stadium on Saturday , they attempted in vain to reprise that triumphant night , Farah ending up with silver in his final track race , over 5,000 metres , and Bolt suffering his anti-climactic farewell .
Their leaving of the track scene leaves a void in the sport that does not look like being filled any time soon . ( Additional reporting by Greg Stutchbury ; Editing by Ed Osmond/Peter Rutherford )
× Immigration arrests rise in first months of Trump administration
WASHINGTON — The number of undocumented immigrant arrests rose by roughly one-third in the first weeks of the Trump administration , largely driven by an increase in the number of non-criminals arrested .
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement removal authorities made 21,362 arrests from January 20 to March 13 of this year , including 5,441 non-criminals , according to statistics provided to CNN and first requested by The Washington Post .
While the arrests by ICE under President Donald Trump in the first seven weeks of his administration still lag behind the number arrested under former President Barack Obama in the same timeframe in 2014 , the pace of arrests this year do mark an escalation compared to the last two years of the Obama administration , when the Democrat used greater discretion toward undocumented immigrants .
The increase in arrests — including more than double the number of non-criminal indviduals — stands as further evidence of the Trump administration 's priority of enforcing immigration laws more aggressively than the previous administration and giving immigration officials greater authority to go after a wide range of undocumented immigrants .
The more than 21,000 arrested in the beginning of this year is a roughly 33 % increase over the same period in 2016 and a roughly 18 % increase over the same period in 2015 .
But the 5,441 non-criminal undocumented immigrants arrested as part of that total more than doubled the number in either 2015 or 2016 .
In the first part of 2014 , the Obama administration made 29,238 such arrests , including 7,483 non-criminal undocumented immigrants , which is roughly the same percentage of non-criminal arrests as this year .
In the first six years of the Obama administration , the former president was accused by liberals of deporting undocumented immigrants too aggressively , but Obama sought to show he was enforcing immigration laws as he and lawmakers pursued a comprehensive immigration reform deal in Congress . When talks collapsed in the House in mid-2014 and it became clear immigration reform would not pass Congress , Obama began to take more executive action to focus his administration on undocumented immigrants that were the greatest threat to communities and show more leniency to those who were not .
The Department of Homeland Security in late 2014 published a new set of priorities for going after undocumented immigrants for deportation — which placed greater emphasis on those convicted of serious crimes .
One of Trump 's first actions as President was to replace those priorities with a new set that could include virtually every undocumented immigrant in the US . The message from DHS since has been that no one in the US illegally will be exempt from deportation .
While Kelly said on Sunday 's “ Meet the Press ” that just being in the US “ illegally does n't necessarily get you targeted , it 's got to be something else , ” ICE has said that individuals encountered in the course of targeted arrests of people prioritized for removal can also be arrested and subject to deportation .
Opponents of Trump 's aggressive immigration push have argued that his policies have created harmful fear in immigrant communities , where many individuals have US citizen family members and have lived and worked peacefully in the US for years .
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
The government is also working on a separate child care plan with Indigenous groups that would reflect the needs of First Nations , Inuit and Métis .
In some First Nations reserves in Ontario , the report found , parents did n't pay anything for child care , suggesting that direct operational funding from the government makes fees much more affordable .
David Macdonald , a senior economist at the policy centre who co-authored the study with Friendly , said it is n't clear to him that the new federal spending will make a big dent in daycare costs . Making child care more affordable requires governments to set fees and provide operating grants to defray costs , he said .
`` That may not be what governments think is the case … but the data clearly shows a direct path between setting fees and affordability , '' Macdonald said .
The House of Commons finance committee hinted at the same issue in its budget wish list released last week . Among the recommendations for spending items in the 2018 budget was a request to provide the money needed to create an early learning and child care system .
None of the money can flow without funding agreements with provinces . So far , three provinces and one territory have three-year spending deals in place .
A spokesman for Social Development Minister Jean-Yves Duclos said the Liberals may allow some provinces to carry over spending beyond 2020 , but restrictions are tight to prod provinces into delivering services as soon as possible .
`` We have an expectation that provinces and territories will deliver on the commitments they made , '' said spokesman Mathieu Filion .
`` Delivering on the plans is how we 'll make child care better in Canada . ''
The Canadian Press
By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO , April 6 Chicago Mercantile Exchange lean hogs closed higher on Thursday after bargain buying lifted futures from four-month lows , said traders . They said buy stops and deferred-month technical buying furthered market advances . April hogs ended up 0.300 cent per pound to 63.925 cents , and May 1.200 cents higher at 69.550 cents . `` We ( futures ) got cheap , '' said independent hog futures trader Bill Cipolla . He cited futures ' selloff prior to and after last Thursday 's U.S. Department of Agriculture quarterly hog report . The USDA 's hog report showed a record-large hog herd as of March 1 , which suggests plentiful supplies ahead . Fallen cash hog and wholesale pork prices , as supplies grow seasonally , stirred bear spreads . The spreads consisted of investors who sold April futures and simultaneously bought deferred months . Thursday afternoon 's average slaughter-ready , or cash , hog price in Iowa/Minnesota at $ 60.78 per cwt fell 63 cents from Wednesday , the USDA said . U.S. government data on Thursday afternoon showed the average wholesale pork price at $ 74.11 per cwt , down 76 cents from Wednesday , mostly due to $ 4.90 lower pork bellies . The USDA estimated Monday through Thursday 's total combined hog slaughter at 1.777 million head , up 5,000 from last week and 94,000 more than a year earlier . CATTLE FUTURES TURN UP CME live cattle pared recent losses with support from buy stops and futures ' discounts to expected cash prices this week , said traders . April live cattle closed 0.525 cent per pound higher at 118.800 cents , and June 0.700 cent higher at 110.125 cents . Kansas and Nebraska packers tabled $ 122 per cwt bids for cash cattle that were priced up to $ 130 , said feedlot sources . Cash cattle in the U.S. Plains last week brought mostly $ 128 to $ 130 . The fact that no cattle sold at Wednesday 's Fed Cattle Exchange suggests packers might have enough near-term supplies , a trader said . Negative packer margins , tepid wholesale beef demand and more cattle for sale than last week are bearish cash influences , said traders and analysts . Thursday afternoon 's average wholesale beef price fell $ 1.81 per cwt to $ 207.90 from Wednesday . Select cuts were down 23 cents to $ 200.28 , the USDA said . Thursday 's average beef packer margins were a negative $ 10.35 per head , down from a negative $ 3.40 for Wednesday , as calculated by HedgersEdge.com . Technical buying and live cattle futures gains pulled up CME feeder cattle . April feeder cattle closed 1.425 cents per pound higher at 131.950 cents . ( Reporting by Theopolis Waters ; Editing by Bill Trott )
Britain 's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON , June 15 Europe 's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5 .
LAS CRUCES , N.M. — Zach Lofton matched career highs with four steals and seven 3-pointers , and finished with a season-best 34 points to lead New Mexico State in a 90-67 rout of UT Rio Grande Valley on Saturday for its ninth straight win .
New Mexico State ( 20-3 , 7-0 Western Athletic Conference ) has won 14 of its last 15 games . UT Rio Grande Valley ( 12-12 , 3-4 ) had its two-game win streak snapped .
Lofton , who averages 19.9 points and 1.5 assists per game , was one point shy of a career best on 10-of-17 shooting from the field while adding a season-high six assists .
The Aggies ' Jemerrio Jones chipped in 10 points and a matched a career-high with 20 rebounds for his 14th double-double of the season .
April 20 Panion & Bf Biotech Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 0.9 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Says co will use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.3 for every one share
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.7 for every one share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/6xV7nn
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Estee Lauder Companies Inc :
* THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES FISCAL 2018 SECOND QUARTER SALES INCREASE 17 %
* Q2 SALES ROSE 17 PERCENT TO $ 3.74 BILLION
* Q2 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 1.52
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.33
* Q3 REPORTED NET SALES ARE FORECASTED TO INCREASE BETWEEN 12 % AND 13 % VERSUS PRIOR-YEAR PERIOD
* IN Q3 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION IS EXPECTED TO POSITIVELY IMPACT SALES BY APPROXIMATELY 3 % VERSUS PRIOR-YEAR PERIOD
* Q3 NET SALES ARE FORECASTED TO GROW BETWEEN 9 % AND 10 % IN CONSTANT CURRENCY
* Q3 REPORTED DILUTED NET EARNINGS PER SHARE ARE PROJECTED TO BE BETWEEN $ .89 AND $ .92
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE OF $ 0.33 INCLUDES ONE-TIME CHARGE OF $ 1.05 PER SHARE FROM IMPACT OF U.S. TAX LEGISLATION
* COMPANY RAISES FULL-YEAR SALES AND ADJUSTED EARNINGS FORECAST
* ESTEE LAUDER - EXPECTS TO TAKE CHARGES ASSOCIATED WITH APPROVED RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER ACTIVITIES IN Q3 OF ABOUT $ 60 MILLION TO $ 65 MILLION
* ESTEE LAUDER - Q3 DILUTED NET EPS BEFORE CHARGES ASSOCIATED WITH RESTRUCTURING , OTHER ACTIVITIES ARE PROJECTED TO BE BETWEEN $ 1.02 AND $ 1.04
* ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES - REPORTED NET SALES ARE FORECASTED TO INCREASE BETWEEN 12.5 % AND 13.5 % VERSUS PRIOR-YEAR PERIOD FOR FULL YEAR FISCAL 2018​
* ‍REPORTED DILUTED NET EARNINGS PER SHARE ARE PROJECTED TO BE BETWEEN $ 2.79 AND $ 2.88 FOR FULL YEAR FISCAL 2018​
* SAYS “ ARE RAISING OUR FULL-YEAR CONSTANT CURRENCY SALES GROWTH FORECAST TO BETWEEN 10 % AND 11 % ”
* Q2 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $ 1.44 , REVENUE VIEW $ 3.68 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* ESTEE LAUDER - POSITIVE CURRENCY IMPACT IN ON Q3 SALES GROWTH GUIDANCE EQUATES TO ABOUT $ .06 OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
* Q3 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $ 1.00 , REVENUE VIEW $ 3.12 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* ESTEE LAUDER - ON CONSTANT CURRENCY BASIS BEFORE CHARGES ASSOCIATED WITH RESTRUCTURING , Q3 DILUTED EPS EXPECTED TO INCREASE BETWEEN 7 % -9 %
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $ 4.18 , REVENUE VIEW $ 13.16 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* ESTEE LAUDER - EXPECTS TO TAKE CHARGES ASSOCIATED WITH RESTRUCTURING & OTHER ACTIVITIES IN 2018 OF ABOUT $ 195 MILLION TO $ 215 MILLION
* ESTEE LAUDER - QTRLY NET EARNINGS WERE $ 123 MILLION AND INCLUDE PROVISIONAL ONE-TIME CHARGES OF $ 394 MILLION RELATED TO U.S. TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT
* ESTEE LAUDER - 2018 EPS BEFORE CHARGES RELATED TO RESTRUCTURING , OTHER ACTIVITIES , IMPACT OF TCJA CHARGES TO BE $ 4.27 TO $ 4.32​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON The White House said on Friday that the United States must accept the political reality that the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is up to the Syrian people and the U.S. focus in the region must be on defeating Islamic State militants .
`` With respect to Assad , there is a political reality that we have to accept in terms of where we are right now . We lost a lot of opportunity the last administration with respect to Assad , '' White House spokesman Sean Spicer told a news briefing .
`` We need to focus on now defeating ISIS , '' he said , using an acronym for the group . `` The United States has profound priorities in Syria and Iraq and we 've made it clear that counterterrorism , particularly the defeat of ISIS , is foremost among those priorities . ''
( Reporting by Steve Holland ; Writing by David Alexander ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
Contact
William Braun
* * * @ clinicalresearchforum.org William Braun
End
-- The Clinical Research ( CR ) Forum will host its sixth annual awards ceremony on April 18 at the National Press Club in Washington , DC to recognize the Top Ten clinical research studies of the year . These studies exemplify major advances , resulting from the nation 's investment in research , to benefit the health and welfare of its citizens.At the awards ceremony , the CR Forum also will announce the recipients of the two Distinguished Clinical Research Achievement Awards , and the Herbert Pardes Award for Clinical Research Excellence . The studies that will receive this additional distinction represent exceptional contributions to the current knowledge of health and disease.Following a nationwide call for nominations , award winners were chosen based on the degree of innovation and novelty involved in the advancement of science ; contribution to the understanding of human disease and/or physiology ; and potential impact upon the diagnosis , prevention and/or treatment of disease.The awarded studies reflect major work being conducted at nearly 60 research institutions and hospitals across the United States , as well as at partner institutions from around the world , and include research of : • Environmental exposures and asthma• Treating opioid addiction• Lung disease in critically ill patients• Genetic testing and prostate cancer treatment• Rheumatoid arthritis treatment• Evaluating hospital performance according to particular quality care measures• Genetic risk , healthy lifestyles , and coronary disease in communities• Essential tremor therapy• Autoimmune disease therapy• Cesarean section infection prevention '' The 2017 awardees represent the enormous potential that properly funded research can have on patients and the public , '' said Harry P. Selker , MD , MSPH , Chairman of the CR Forum Board of Directors . `` It is our hope that the significance of these projects and their outcomes can help educate the public , as well as elected officials , on the important impact of clinical research on human health . `` Members from each of the Top Ten study teams will visit congressional representatives on Capitol Hill on Wednesday , April 19 to brief officials on their findings and the critical and necessary role of federal funding for clinical research.Visit http : //www.clinicalresearchforum.org for study descriptions , authors , and a list of institutions represented.Recognizing the need to celebrate our nation 's clinical research accomplishments that involve both innovation and impact on human disease , the Clinical Research Forum conducts an annual competition to determine the ten outstanding research accomplishments in the United States . These major research advances represent a portion of the annual return on the nation 's investment in the health and future welfare of its citizens.The mission of the Clinical Research Forum is to provide leadership to the national and clinical translational research enterprise and promote understanding and support for clinical research and its impact on health and healthcare . For more information , visit www.clinicalresearchforum.org .
Polices : Thieves steal $ 10,000 worth of fireworks
SEABROOK , N.H. ( AP ) — Police are searching for two men suspected of stealing more than $ 10,000 worth of fireworks from a New Hampshire store .
Authorities say the theft happened at a Seabrook fireworks store around 12:45 a.m. Sunday .
Town police say the men broke into the rear wall of the store and loaded a white truck with the fireworks before driving away .
Police have released surveillance footage of the theft to help identify the suspects .
* Pan-European STOXX 600 index up 0.2 pct
* Banks waver after Draghi remarks , real estate up
* Shares off lows as commodity stocks recover
* Pearson slumps ( Recasts , adds detail and updates prices at close )
By Danilo Masoni and Kit Rees
LONDON , April 6 European shares ended slightly higher on Thursday , with banks seeing a volatile session as dovish comments from ECB chief Mario Draghi triggered talk over the outlook for monetary policy in the region .
The STOXX 600 index reversed losses to end 0.2 percent higher , while Britain 's FTSE lagged and Germany 's DAX gained 0.1 percent .
Banks were initially hit after Draghi poured cold water on expectations of tightening measures in remarks suggesting the European Central Bank would not change its policy message this month .
But the sector , which has moved sideways in the past few weeks , recovered as investors shifted their focus to the longer-term outlook for interest rates in the single currency bloc .
`` Everybody knows where monetary policy is going in the euro zone : it 's going to be tighter , '' said Arne Petimezas , analyst at AFS Group in Amsterdam .
The euro zone banking index fell as much as 1.4 percent and ended the session 0.8 percent higher . The broader European banking index rose 0.3 percent as losses among UK banks weighed .
While banks had a volatile session , the dovish tone struck by Draghi supported real estate stocks , pushing the sectoral index up 1.2 percent to a six-month high .
`` Real estate is recovering from worries that rates could start a phase of strong increases , '' said Giuseppe Sersale , fund manager at Anthilia Capital Partners in Milan .
Among real estate stocks , French-headquartered Unibail Rodamco provided the biggest boost to the sectoral index with a rise of 1.7 percent .
Among euro zone banks , the top two fallers were Austria 's Raiffeisen Bank and Germany 's Commerzbank , down 1.1 percent and 0.8 percent respectively .
Anthilia 's Sersale said investors took some profits out of European shares after a strong gain in March and with sentiment dampened after the minutes of the Federal Reserve 's last meeting raised worries over high stock market valuations .
Elsewhere broker upgrades drove price action .
Pearson was the top loser on the STOXX , down 6.7 percent , as the British education firm traded ex-dividend and was further weighed down by a downgrade from Exane to `` underperform '' .
AstraZeneca fell 1.3 percent after a UBS downgrade to neutral , while German airport operator Fraport rose 4.4 percent with traders linking the rise to an upgrade to `` buy '' from Société Générale .
German drugs packaging firm Gerresheimer dropped nearly 5 percent after reporting results for the first quarter .
European shares came off lows as commodity stocks recovered after crude oil prices turned higher . Tullow Oil was the top gainer , up 7.5 percent after it traded without rights to its cash call . ( Reporting by Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni ; Editing by Alison Williams )
FILE PHOTO : The logo of Volkswagen company is seen on a car on an assembly line at the Volkswagen car factory in Palmela , Portugal , December 9 , 2016 . REUTERS/Rafael Marchante/File Photo
BERLIN Volkswagen ( VOWG_p.DE ) said it plans to invest billions of euros through 2022 to beef up its portfolio of combustion and electric drives as it braces for a further tightening of emissions rules in key markets .
Europe 's biggest carmaker last year announced a multi-billion-euro shift to embrace electric cars and new mobility services as it battles to overcome its diesel emissions scandal , and the German group is cutting costs in all areas of operations to fund this transformation .
Volkswagen ( VW ) will spend about 10 billion euros ( 8.36 billion pounds ) over the next five years to raise the fuel efficiency of combustion engines by 10 to 15 percent in anticipation of stricter emissions standards in Europe , the United States and China , Chief Executive Matthias Mueller said on Friday .
VW will also triple its investment in electric drives to about 9 billion euros over the same period , including a new generation of full hybrids for the U.S. , where its emissions scandal broke in 2015 .
It has spent 3 billion euros on zero-emissions technology in the past five years .
`` Even though modern combustion engines will be relevant for at least another 20 years , it is clear that the future will be ruled by electric drives , '' Mueller said , citing a need to respond to `` epochal changes '' in industry .
`` What 's at stake is to develop a future-proof drives portfolio as a basis for transforming the core autos business , '' Mueller told an auto industry conference in Vienna .
VW 's emissions scandal has cast a shadow over the entire market for diesel cars and has ramped up pressure on automakers to improve combustion engines while rushing into electric cars and hybrids , stretching development budgets .
To rein in costs , Mueller said VW will reduce the variety of engine types for mass-market models by as much as 40 percent through 2020 , without giving details .
( Reporting by Andreas Cremer ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
FILE PHOTO : A Kenya Wildlife Service ranger stands guard in the rain near stacks of elephant tusks , part of an estimated 105 tonnes of ivory and a tonne of rhino horn confiscated from smugglers and poachers to be burnt at the Nairobi National Park near Nairobi , Kenya , April 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Siegfried Modola/File Photo
NAIROBI The price of ivory on Chinese markets has slumped by two-thirds since 2014 as Beijing rolls out a ban on trade in elephant tusks , but illegal markets in neighboring countries are expanding , researchers said .
The research , published on Wednesday by conservation group Save the Elephants , comes a day before China closes the last of its legal ivory factories .
Authorities there will also shutter all retail outlets by year-end in a bid to stem demand for a commodity that has expanded along with China 's economy and decimated elephant populations across much of Africa over the past decade .
`` I believe that the future of the African elephants is in the hands of China , '' said Ian Douglas-Hamilton , the group 's founder and president .
Environmentalists have long said that China 's licensed ivory trade offered opportunities to disguise the trafficking of poached tusks .
Esmond Martin , one of the report 's authors , said some Chinese buyers were getting around the domestic ban by visiting markets across the border in Myanmar , Laos and Vietnam , which have expanded in recent years .
`` There has been a boom in the illegal trade , '' he said . `` What needs to be done is to close ( this ) down ... in neighboring countries . ''
Research by Save the Elephants in eight Chinese cities found licensed sellers were winding down stocks ahead of the retail ban .
Meanwhile the average price of raw ivory on illegal markets in China - $ 2,100 per kilogram in early 2014 - had slipped to $ 1,100 by late 2015 and was now around $ 730 , the research showed .
The Chinese government does not reveal the prices it sells ivory to authorized factories but researchers said illegal ivory prices tracked the official ones at a slightly lower rate .
Save the Elephants said some ivory outlets they visited had started replacing elephant ivory with that of mammoths , dug out of the tundra in Russia and shipped to China .
While the ban has helped , Save the Elephants said China 's slowing economy and a crackdown on corruption , including on the tradition of using ivory to bribe government officials , had also contributed to the slump in prices .
But the long-term success of efforts to protect elephants rested with the ability to make clear to those buying ivory that they were responsible for the eradication of a species .
Douglas-Hamilton said interaction with Chinese leaders and celebrities had resulted in change , with more people now associating ivory with dead elephants .
`` Awareness has to be the long-term key for the future , '' he said . `` Simply by the arithmetic ( of China 's population ) ... if there is a substantial proportion buying ivory , that would be the end of the elephants . ''
( editing by John Stonestreet )
April 28Ciwen Media Co Ltd :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 18.8 percent to increase by 2.8 percent , or to be 75 million yuan to 95 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 92.4 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is lack of affirmed income of film business
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/oXcMcf
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 6 Terraform Global Inc
* Terraform Global - on March 31 , co 's unit permanently reduced to $ 0 , terminated revolving commitments under its credit & guaranty agreement - SEC filing
* Terraform Global Inc - unit also entered into a fifth amendment to revolver facility
* Terraform Global - co 's unit to will no longer be required to deliver to administrative agent , lenders party to revolver its annual financial statements Source text : ( bit.ly/2oeCTFL ) Further company coverage :
Littering leads police to drugs and gun
STRATFORD , Conn. ( AP ) — A person who littered in Connecticut led police to discover a slew of drugs and a loaded gun .
The New Haven Register reports Stratford police patrolling the area by a hotel saw someone throw a plastic bottle out a passenger side window . Officers pulled the car over and spotted a crack-smoking pipe on the floor . The driver and three passengers were ordered out of the car .
Police found a loaded handgun beneath a black face mask , heroin and bags of crack cocaine .
Driver 32-year-old Matthew Prosnick , 28-year-old Edwin Gonzalez , 26-year-old Isaiah Gonzalez and 44-year-old Tanya Serrano were all arrested on drug and gun charges . They 're each being held in lieu of a $ 250,000 bond . Attorneys for the four could not be immediately identified .
___
Information from : New Haven Register , http : //www.nhregister.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUSKEGON , Mich. – An 8-year-old girl is suspected in the death of a 1-year-old boy who was found dead at a Muskegon , Michigan , day care when his mother went to pick him up last week , police said Monday .
Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis called it one of the worst cases he 's seen , MLive.com reported .
`` I thought I saw everything , '' Lewis said , according to the news outlet . `` This one floors me . I can hardly get a grip on it . ''
The boy , identified by sister station WXMI in Grand Rapids as Korey Brown , had bite marks and bruises all over his body when he was found , according to this mother .
`` Bruises and bite marks on his face , bite marks on his fingers , '' his mother , Bryanna Reasonover , told WXMI . `` It was bad . I found Korey in a Pack 'N Play , he was laying in there like he was asleep . ''
An autopsy was performed Saturday , but a cause of death has not been released .
The baby 's body was found concealed in a bedroom at the home day care where his mother had dropped him off , the police chief told MLive.com .
Korey was apparently crying when the `` 8-year-old dealt with the baby crying , '' Lewis said . There were apparently no adults supervising the children , and the only witness to what happened was a 5-year-old .
The 8-year-old girl was taken to a hospital where she underwent a mental evaluation , MLive.com reported .
Reasonover told WXMI she dropped off Korey and her three other children at Keysha 's Keepers day care .
`` When his face rolled over , he had all these bruises on the side of his face . And that 's when I said , 'What 's wrong with my baby 's face ? ' '' she said .
Reasonover said day care employees had no idea anything was wrong with Korey . He apparently never woke up and did not regain consciousness .
`` It does n't seem real . It still does n't seem real to this day . It seems like a dream and I 'm going to wake up and he 's going to be here , '' she said .
WXMI went to the day care and tried to speak with the owner , Keysha Collins , but nobody was available for comment . Phone calls were also not immediately returned , the station reported .
State records show the facility 's license was approved in November and expires next month .
April 13 Ichor Holdings Ltd :
* Files for stock offering of up to $ 100 million
* Ichor Holdings Ltd says the ordinary shares are being offered by selling shareholders and co will not receive any proceeds from the sale Source text - bit.ly/2p1yoj1 Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The musician and multimedia artist has created an immersive experience designed to make people aware of their implicit biases . It 's called `` The Institute Presents : NEUROSOCIETY . ''
Read the full story at KQED .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SQUAMISH , B.C . — Search and rescue crews were to continue searching through the night for three hikers reported missing at Shannon Falls Provincial Park near Squamish , B.C .
Squamish RCMP say the three people were swimming in one of the pools on Tuesday afternoon at the top of Shannon Falls with a group of friends when they slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below .
Corp. Sascha Banks says in a statement that teams from several agencies have been searching for the trio but have not yet spotted the hikers in the pool system .
Banks says the `` terrain is difficult , very dangerous , and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search . ''
STOCKHOLM , April 6 Industry data provider ACT Research :
* Says North American Class 8 net orders in March fell 100 units from February to 23,100 units
* Says with a nominal , but positive , seasonal factor , adjustment boosts the month 's order intake to 23,400 units , an increase of 2 percent from February
* `` Against easy comps , March Class 8 orders were up 42 percent compared to March 2016 , '' Kenny Vieth , ACT 's President and Senior Analyst , said in a statement
* North America is one of Swedish AB Volvo 's top truck markets
The leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party ( UKIP ) , Paul Nuttall , listens during an election campaign event in London , Britain , April 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toby Melville
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall leaves after television interviews during their campaign for the forthcoming General Election in Hartlepool , Britain April 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Scott Heppell
LONDON The leader of eurosceptic party UKIP will stand in the constituency of Boston and Skegness in Britain 's general election in June , the party said on Saturday , seeking to capitalise on strong pro-Brexit sentiment in the area .
Paul Nuttall will stand in the Conservative-held seat , and will test the extent to which the country 's most eurosceptic areas trust British Prime Minister Theresa May 's party with the Brexit process .
UKIP was a driving force in the campaign for Britain to leave the EU , but has seen support nearly halve since the June 2016 referendum delivered the one of the party 's main goals . The party currently has no elected MPs in parliament .
Boston , a town on England 's east coast about 160 kilometres north of London , has seen a rapid rise in immigration in recent years , especially from eastern European EU member states .
More than 75 percent of residents in Boston voted `` leave '' , the highest majority of Brexit voters in Britain . However , the current Conservative representative Matt Warman campaigned in last June 's Brexit referendum to stay in the European Union .
May unexpectedly called a snap election in June to strengthen her hand ahead of negotiations with the EU , and Nuttall said he would ensure that the government would not betray residents during the talks .
`` I will make it my mission to stand up for the people of Boston and Skegness and ensure there is no backsliding on Brexit , '' Nuttall said in a statement .
Nuttall was elected UKIP leader in November last year after Nigel Farage stepped down .
In February , Nuttall stood in a by-election in Stoke , another place that voted strongly to leave the European Union . However , he was soundly beaten by the Labour candidate and nearly fell into third place .
The Conservatives have a 4,000 vote majority in Boston and Skegness , where UKIP came second in 2015 . UKIP would need a 5 percent swing to win the seat .
( Reporting by Alistair Smout ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Winning is normal for a club of Chelsea 's stature but that is not necessarily the case at Premier League title rivals Tottenham Hotspur , Blues manager Antonio Conte has said .
Leaders Chelsea appeared to be running away with the title but Saturday 's unexpected home loss to Crystal Palace loosened their grip at the top of the table as second-placed Tottenham cut their lead to seven points with nine games remaining .
`` I think the difference between Chelsea and Tottenham is this : if you stay in Chelsea and win , it 's normal , '' Conte told British media . `` If you stay in Tottenham , if you win , it 's great but , if you lose ... it 's not a disaster , no ? Not a disaster . ''
During his time as a player Conte was part of a Juventus side which let a seven-point lead slip over the last six games as Lazio narrowly edged out their Serie A rivals to win the title in the 1999-2000 season .
Conte , who has previously admitted his outlook on management has been influenced by those painful memories , said he will not be taking anything for granted until the end of the season .
`` It 's true , I did n't sleep for a week after that but these experiences are very important . For this reason I try to keep the concentration from the start until the end , '' the Italian added . `` Anything can happen . ''
Chelsea host fourth-placed Manchester City on Wednesday , while Tottenham travel to relegation-threatened Swansea City .
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru )
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18pK0
WRAL-TV and MIX 101.5 WRAL-FM , in partnership with the Humane Society of the U.S. , have teamed up with eight local animal shelters to host Clear the Shelters , the third annual nationwide pet adoption drive .
Each shelter will waive adoption fees on Saturday , Aug. 19 , as part of the nationwide NBCUniversal Clear the Shelters initiative .
Spring litters greatly increase the overall animal population , leading to overcrowding of shelters during the summer months . Bringing a new pet into your home at this critical time of year will ease that burden and fill your home with unconditional love from a new furry friend .
During last year 's Clear the Shelters campaign , more than 50,000 pets nationwide were adopted . Locally , more than 900 pets found forever homes . The nationwide day of action literally emptied dozens of animal shelters across the country and inspired local communities to take action and open their homes to animals in need .
WHAT : Eight local animal shelters will participate in Clear the Shelters with WRAL-TV in partnership with the Humane Society of the U.S. Each shelter will waive adoption fees for one day .
WHEN : Saturday , Aug. 19 , 2017 ( 10 a.m.-6 p.m . )
WHERE : The following shelters : SPCA of Wake County , Wake County Animal Center , SAFE Haven for Cats , Orange County Animal Services , Moore County Sheriff 's Office Animal Services , Durham Animal Protection Society , Person County Animal Services , Johnston County Animal Services .
See the interactive map on the Pets section front for additional participants .
ADOPTION TRACKER : A real-time pet “ Adoption Tracker ” will record the total number of pets that are adopted across all participating markets .
SOCIAL : Use the hashtag # ClearTheShelters and # WRAL to follow the effort on Twitter and Facebook . On Instagram , use # shelfie to share a photo of you and your own shelter pet .
An award-winning board game café in Sharnbrook is inviting families to enjoy some quality time together next weekend ( Saturday and Sunday , July 14/15 ) at a Teenage Appreciation event .
Ready Steady Roll , at Ivy Lodge Farm off the A6 , says teenagers who visit with their parents will get a free slice of cake while they play any board games from their more than 300 game collection .
Ready Steady Roll
Darrell Cannon , owner of Ready Steady Roll , said : “ It may be a hard sell to get a teenager to play board games if their memories of board games are marathon sessions of Monopoly ending with arguments
“ But there is a whole world of games that are fun , interesting and much less rage inducing !
“ We pride ourselves on finding a game for everyone , even people who think they do n't like board games - plus we have delicious homemade cake made by my wife Charlotte !
“ Parents are always looking for ways to get their teenagers off the latest technological fad , from Snapchat to Fortnite , and board games are the perfect remedy .
“ I love it when a family come in with a sceptical teenager and within minutes they are sat around a table , laughing and having a great time together .
“ Teenagers have a lot of stress in their lives , from exams to social media pressures , so spending quality time together as a family , whether that 's by playing a board game or going on a walk in so important everyone 's wellbeing . ”
Ready Steady Roll started life as a monthly Pop Up event in Sharnbrook Village Hall . It is based at Ivy Lodge , in Sharnbrook , 10 minutes down the A6 from Rushden .
Anyone can visit from Wednesday to Sunday during the day with booking recommended either on 07584 484101 or info @ readysteadyroll.co.uk
Visit www.readysteadyroll.co.uk for more .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
April 5 Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust
* RIOCAN REIT ANNOUNCES PUBLIC OFFERING OF $ 300 MILLION OF SERIES Z SENIOR UNSECURED DEBENTURES
* SAYS DEBENTURES , WERE SOLD AT PAR WILL CARRY A COUPON RATE OF 2.194 PCT AND WILL MATURE ON APRIL 9 , 2021
* NET PROCEEDS WILL BE USED BY RIOCAN TO FUND DEVELOPMENT , FOR PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS , TO REPAY CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2 VBI Vaccines Inc-
* VBI Vaccines provides update on its congenital cmv phase i clinical study
* VBI Vaccines Inc - no safety signals have been detected , suggesting vbi 's cmv vaccine candidate is safe and well-tolerated
* VBI Vaccines Inc - an interim safety and immunogenicity report , is expected mid-year 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
BEIJING , April 28 Great Britain 's decision to withdraw from the European Union will bring uncertainties to nuclear cooperation among Britain , China and France , an executive at China 's CGN Power Co Ltd said on Friday .
CGN Senior Vice President Zheng Dongshan said at an industry event that Britain 's decision to withdraw from the European regulatory body as part of Brexit would pose challenges , noting that the UK 's regulatory environment would be very different from both France and China with regard to safety . ( Reporting by David Stanway ; Editing by Edmund Klamann )
So , he headed south to compete against the franchise 's top draft picks . The odds were stacked against him .
`` The biggest thing for me was to try and make an impression , '' he said . `` I was looking for things that put me on their staff 's radar . ''
Magwood showed up early for practice , hit the gym hard and used his combination skill and grit to stand out on the ice . Then he capped the tryout with a hat trick in the prospect scrimmage that included a dandy flip pass to himself that he batted out of the air .
`` To be honest , the first couple of shifts of that game I did n't think I was playing that well , '' he admitted . `` Then as the game went on I felt more comfortable implementing my game . ''
The Preds took notice . When the camp concluded , the team got in touch with Waterloo-based agent Rob Hooper and locked the local lad up .
It 's not a common route to the big league , but proof that long shots can pay off .
Magwood says the secret was keeping perspective , staying positive and surrounding himself with a super supporting cast that included his agent , coaches , teammates , friends and , most importantly , his folks Christina and Daniel .
`` They helped me through the tough times , '' he said .
And for those players still dreaming of the NHL ? Well , Magwood has a message .
`` It 's never over . You just have to keep working and doing the extra stuff . Eventually , someone is going to take notice . There were times for me that I felt like the OHL might be my plateau . But if you stick with it , keep improving and better yourself as a person and a hockey player , the sky is the limit . ''
jbrown @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ BrownRecord
jbrown @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ BrownRecord
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
LONDON It never happened in the decade when the prosaic nature of his heavyweight domination quite underwhelmed boxing but , at the age of 41 , Wladimir Klitschko belatedly earned proper appreciation for his greatness on Saturday .
How ironic , though , that it had to come in defeat .
The veteran Ukrainian warrior came agonisingly close to becoming only the second fighter after George Foreman to win a recognised version of the world title as a forty-something before being stopped by Anthony Joshua at Wembley Stadium .
Bruised , battered and with a deep cut by his left eye , he could only reflect ruefully on having failed to follow up his sixth round knock-down of Joshua aggressively enough , feeling he had let the Briton off the hook .
Yet , although a 14-year age gap and Joshua 's fitness , strength and power eventually saw him floored twice and finally rescued by the referee in the 11th round , Klitschko still felt like a winner at the end of an exhilarating evening .
Ninety thousand fans at Wembley seemed to agree as the man who was so often damned with faint praise during 11 years of heavyweight dominance received much greater acclaim here than he had after many of his mundane victories .
Often portrayed as being too safety-first and mechanical in approach , here was a very different 'Dr Steelhammer ' , stung into desperate defiance after Joshua had sent him crashing to his knees with a fifth-round assault .
It looked for all money like the end for the man who had appeared well past his sell-by-date in a sorry dethroning at the hands of Tyson Fury some 17 months earlier , but as Klitschko himself said : `` I took a beating but I recovered well . ''
COUNTER-ATTACK
Indeed , in what was perhaps the most courageous couple of minutes in his two-decade professional career , Klitschko fought back dazzlingly , one big left hook setting up a counter-attack so ferocious that by the end of the round it was Joshua who was looking almost out on his feet .
After following up with a booming right cross in the next which saw Joshua felled for the first time in his professional career , Klitschko made what he felt was a crucial , fight-turning error .
`` I thought he would n't get up . Big respect to AJ . From that moment , I think I should have done more straight after he went down , '' he said .
`` But I was pretty sure it was going to be my night so I took my time . ''
Big mistake . Joshua was given a breather and when he clawed his way back in the later stages , finding a `` second wind '' , his wicked body shots began to sap Klitschko 's stamina , setting up the painful denouement .
As the Wembley crowd cheered him afterwards , though , Klitschko started to appreciate that the historic contest had elevated the reputations of all involved .
`` I think Joshua and I both did great , I think we did a lot for the sport in the way we performed and how we respected and treated each other , '' he said .
`` It was a great night for boxing and the fans . You will probably be surprised by my statement , but I do n't feel like I lost .
`` Tonight , we all won . I did n't get the belts but I did n't feel like I lost - not my name , my face , nor my reputation . It was great to be involved in such an amazing occasion . ''
This did not sound like a man who was quite ready to hang up his gloves and he had not looked like one either as he often outboxed his old sparring partner , teaching Joshua more in one night than he had learned in his other 18 bouts combined .
`` I 'll take my time over deciding what happens next , '' said Klitschko , whose record now stands at 64-5 .
`` I have a rematch clause in the contract but right now I wo n't make any decisions . ''
( Reporting by Ian Chadband , editing by Nick Mulvenney )
April 13 Brick Brewing Co. Ltd
* Says net revenue for quarter increased to $ 10.5 million compared to $ 9.0 million
* Says ebitda * for quarter was $ 1.8 million , compared to ebitda * in q4 of fiscal 2016 of $ 1.6 million
* Qtrly earnings per share $ 0.11 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HOPEWELL , Va. — Are you ready for a family movie night ?
The Hopewell Downtown Partnership is showing Disney Pixar 's “ Coco ” in City Park behind the Hopewell Library on Saturday , May 5 .
The movie starts at 8:30 p.m. , with children 's activities beginning an hour prior .
While the event is free , an RSVP is required to attend .
For more information , click here .
April 5 Pepsi 's new ad featuring Kendall Jenner prompted Twitter users to howl outrage on Wednesday , with civil-rights advocates saying it trivialized recent street unrest across the United States .
The ad released late on Tuesday shows Jenner , a model and reality TV star , in a photo shoot , when she notices a protest march passing by her location . She joins the crowd as it nears a line of police officers .
Jenner approaches one of the officers and hands him a can of Pepsi , prompting the officer to smile while marchers cheer and hug .
The spot drew immediate criticism on Twitter , for belittling the street protests seen across the United States over the last few years following police killings of unarmed black men and teens .
While the ad does not make clear what the protest is opposition to -- the only clues being peace signs and a background song with the lyrics `` we are the movement , this generation '' -- observers were quick to condemn it .
`` If I had carried Pepsi , I guess I never would have gotten arrested . Who knew ? '' activist DeRay McKesson , one of the best-known voices of the Black Lives Matter movement , said on Twitter . `` Pepsi , this ad is trash . ''
`` The Kendall Jenner Pepsi fiasco is a perfect example of what happens when there 's no black people in the room when decisions are being made , '' added comedian and writer Trayvon Free .
PepsiCo described the online and television ad it called `` Jump In '' as the start of a new campaign .
`` The 'Jump In ' Pepsi Moments film takes a more progressive approach to truly reflect today 's generation and what living for now looks like , '' Pepsi said in a statement posted online before the controversy flared .
Pepsi officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday .
The police in the ad were clad in black shirts and baseball caps , a contrast to the heavily armored presences seen at anti-police-violence protests in cities from Ferguson , Missouri , to Baltimore .
Some online commentators called out the stark differences by posting an image taken by Reuters photographer Jonathan Bachman in Baton Rouge last year showing a black woman in a dress standing passively as police armed in riot helmets and heavily padded suits took her into custody . ( Reporting by Scott Malone , Editing by Franklin Paul )
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK , June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp 's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada , a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday .
FILE PHOTO : The International Monetary Fund logo is seen during the IMF/World Bank spring meetings in Washington , U.S. , April 21 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
CHISINAU The International Monetary Fund said its board has approved the disbursement of a second loan tranche to Moldova worth $ 21.5 million .
The IMF and the ex-Soviet country agreed in November a three-year loan program worth $ 178.7 million , after negotiations had earlier been disrupted by a $ 1 billion corruption scandal that plunged the country into turmoil .
The IMF praised measures taken by the Moldovan authorities since then to stabilize the economy , which is forecast to grow 4.5 percent in 2017 .
`` The program is broadly on track , enjoys strong country ownership , and is supported by the firm commitment of policymakers to sound economic management , '' the IMF said in a statement late on Monday .
`` The authorities continue to make significant progress in tackling long-standing vulnerabilities in the financial sector and advancing structural reforms . ''
In 2015 Moldova 's negotiations with the IMF and the European Union on funding were disrupted by the disappearance of the equivalent of one eighth of national output from Moldova 's banking system , which triggered an economic and political crisis .
The shock to the banking sector caused the economy to shrink 0.5 percent in 2015 , although it returned to growth in 2016 , expanding 4.1 percent .
The IMF said the Moldovan government 's priorities for 2017 should include strengthening revenues and implementing structural fiscal reforms .
If Moldova sticks to the IMF program , the loan will continue to be disbursed in tranches based on semi-annual reviews .
( Reporting by Alexander Tanas ; Writing by Alessandra Prentice ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
TOYOTA , Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly .
With three minutes left , Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai .
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half , but the hosts scored in the 50th minute . Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante . Osako calmly converted for his seventh international goal .
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later .
`` We may have won but it was not easy at all , '' Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said . `` New Zealand defended very well . ''
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday .
By The Associated Press
Officials are warning anyone heading to Metro Vancouver mountains this weekend to exercise extreme caution .
Steady rain is in the forecast Friday , and combined with rising freezing levels , `` this is a great recipe for avalanche activity , '' Avalanche Canada said .
The agency raised the risk to `` high '' in higher elevations Friday , while it 's considered `` considerable '' at the treeline level .
As of Friday morning , Avalanche Canada expected the risk in higher elevations to decrease to `` considerable '' for both Saturday and Sunday .
When the risk is high , conditions are considered very dangerous , with natural avalanches considered likely and human-triggered slides very likely .
If the risk is considerable , conditions are considered dangers and human-triggered avalanches are likely .
Those heading uphill are advised to avoid avalanche terrain and check conditions before heading into backcountry .
In addition to hills located on B.C . 's South Coast , the risk was also high for mountains in the Northwest Coastal , Cariboo , North and South Columbia and Purcells regions of the province .
Other high-risk areas include Glacier , Jasper , Banff , Yoho and Kootenay National Parks and the Lizard Range and Flathead area of Alberta .
March 28 Indian shares ended higher on Tuesday as losses in the previous session were seen as overdone , with sentiment also improving as Asian markets recovered after some of the anxiety about U.S. President Donald Trump 's ability to push his agenda subsided .
Use of illegal performance-enchancing drugs are a major concern for the Rugby Union and the switch from the amateur to professional era has played a major part in the issue , former England captain and coach Martin Johnson has said .
With 14 out of 42 athletes banned in the past two years by UK Anti-Doping coming from Rugby Union in England and Wales , Johnson believes he has a reason to be worried about the increasing use of banned substances .
`` When I started playing , did I think anyone around the international team was ( using drugs ) ? No chance , '' Johnson , who led England to 2003 World Cup victory , told the Times .
`` Would you be worried about it now ? Absolutely . Things are more available , the internet , knowledge of it is more widespread .
`` People are taking them , by all account , for vanity reasons . ''
Johnson , however , said lucrative professional era has been the major contributing factor to the problem .
`` Now the game is professional and we live in a different time where kids can see a livelihood and a good livelihood out of doing it , then you 've got to be very careful , '' he added .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; editing by Sudipto Ganguly )
Ex-Ecuador president ordered jailed after missing court date
Photo : Dolores Ochoa , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this April 3 , 2017 file photo , Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa , left , and presidential candidate Lenin Moreno of ruling party Alianza Pais , shake hands at the government palace balcony in Quito , Ecuador . A judge in Ecuador has ordered on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , that former President Rafael Correa be jailed for failing to appear in court as required as part of a kidnapping probe . The judge also approved a request by Ecuador 's chief prosecutor Tuesday to seek Correa 's extradition from Belgium , where he currently resides . less FILE - In this April 3 , 2017 file photo , Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa , left , and presidential candidate Lenin Moreno of ruling party Alianza Pais , shake hands at the government palace balcony in Quito , ... more Photo : Dolores Ochoa , AP Ex-Ecuador president ordered jailed after missing court date 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
QUITO , Ecuador ( AP ) — An Ecuadoran judge ordered Tuesday that former President Rafael Correa , who is out of the country , be jailed after failing to appear in court in connection with a probe into the kidnapping of an opposition lawmaker .
Chief prosecutor Paul Perez demanded Correa 's arrest and extradition from Belgium , where he currently resides , after the 55-year-old former leader failed to appear at court in Ecuador 's capital as required under the terms of an investigation .
A judge approved Perez 's request and also issued an order for Correa 's capture and extradition .
`` This decision by Correa to not respond to the judge 's request today makes him a fugitive from justice , '' said Fernando Balda , the man whose brief kidnapping is at the center of the case .
Correa , a firebrand leader who governed Ecuador for a decade , garnered legions of supporters by promoting generous health and social programs aimed at reducing inequality , but his record has increasingly come under scrutiny since leaving power in 2017 .
In June , the nation 's highest court ordered that Correa be included in the investigation into the botched 2012 kidnapping of Balda in Bogota , Colombia , where the outspoken legislator had sought refuge after an escalating feud with the president .
Balda was abducted but quickly escaped harm after nearby taxi drivers alerted police , who stopped the vehicle in which he was being taken away . Colombian authorities later determined that three intelligence agents with Ecuador 's police had contracted the kidnappers to abduct Balda .
Balda 's attorney is accusing Correa of being the mastermind behind the crime , though the former president has not been charged .
Correa has brushed aside the accusations , tweeting Tuesday that there was no evidence to support any claims he was involved . His supporters call the case a political witch hunt .
Correa had been ordered to appear in Quito every 15 days since early June in order to comply with the probe , a requirement he dismissed Tuesday as being `` impossible to fulfill . '' On Monday he appeared at the Ecuadorean consulate instead . A judge had already warned that would not meet the court 's demand .
`` I appreciate all of the displays of solidarity before this new and grave violation of justice and my rights , '' Correa wrote on Twitter . `` They are looking to humiliate us and put us through a bad time , but a monstrosity like this will NEVER prosper in a State of Law like Belgium . ''
There was no immediate response from officials in Belgium to Ecuador 's capture and extradition request .
Correa took Ecuador by storm in the 2006 presidential election as the young , charismatic leader vowed to help millions of impoverished families through what he called `` 21st century socialism . '' Supporters credit him with providing Ecuador political and economic stability after a tumultuous period in the nation 's history .
But the combative leader also feuded with the media , business community , indigenous groups and environmentalists by pushing through measures that consolidated executive power .
Correa 's handpicked predecessor , Lenin Moreno , won the 2017 presidential election , but the two men have had a bitter falling out . Moreno has tried to make amends with groups like conservative business leaders that Correa shunned and has even accused the former president of planting a hidden video camera in order to spy on him remotely .
Correa moved to his wife 's native Belgium but returned to campaign against a referendum pushed by Moreno to weaken his former ally 's remaining influence . Correa received a far less warm welcome than he had been accustomed to in the past . At one stop protesters hurled trash at a campaign vehicle .
The successful referendum made it impossible for Correa to run for president again .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- The Richmond City Sheriff 's Office is warning of a scam that 's after your personal information and money .
A local dentist received repeated calls to her busy practice from an 804-220-5522 number .
“ She had received a phone call from the Richmond office a Captain Roland stating she needed to give them a call back stating that she missed jury duty , ” said Richmond City Sheriff Antionette Irving . “ The gentleman stated to her that she had failed to come to jury duty and there was a failure to appear out for her and she needed to pay $ 1,996.52 . ”
Investigators say she was instructed to report to 1710 Fairfield Way to pay her fines . An address that does not exist .
The victim , who does not want to be identified , said she grew concerned when the caller had her personal address and started asking for more . She says she also became suspicious when the caller refused to answer her questions and told her she was to appear in federal court .
“ She was pretty upset . She told him she was going to call her attorney and other things . She was going to do so . She felt threatened by the information he had asked her and felt threatened that she had done something wrong , when she had not , ” said Sheriff Irving .
When you call the 804-220-5522 number here is the recording you will receive :
“ If this is an emergency please hang up the phone and call 911 . This is the Richmond City Sheriff 's department civil warrants division . Please leave a detailed message and one of our deputy sheriff 's will return your call . ”
“ We will not call you and state that we 're going to arrest you , find you or have you to meet us anywhere to pay any fines or fees or any funds , ” explained Irving . “ Please do not , do not I repeat , respond to this kind of phone calls , other than hanging up . ”
The sheriff called the number herself Wednesday to investigate and got hung up on twice .
“ Please do not call our citizens and threaten them with going to jail or paying fines because you are not a deputy here at the sheriff 's office . You do not work for the sheriff 's office and we want you to stop , ” said Sheriff Irving .
The sheriff says the person ( s ) responsible could face charges .
If you have been a victim of this scam you are asked to report it to the Richmond City Sheriff 's Office at 804-646-4464 .
The National Theatre 's acclaimed production of War Horse spends Christmas at New Theatre , Oxford , offering families an alternative to the festive pantomimes .
The tour of War Horse , which started in September and goes through to next year , coincides with the centenary commemorations of the end of the First World War .
The production , adapted from Michael Morpurgo 's remarkable story of courage , loyalty and friendship , about a young boy called Albert and his horse Joey , set against the backdrop of the First World War , is the most successful play in the National Theatre 's history .
It features groundbreaking puppetry work by South Africa 's Handspring Puppet Company which brings breathing , galloping horses to life on stage .
Albert ( played by Thomas Dennis in the tour ) and his beloved horse , Joey , live on a farm in the British countryside . At the outbreak of war , Albert and Joey are forcibly parted when Albert 's father sells the horse to the British cavalry . Against the backdrop of the Great War , Joey begins an odyssey full of danger , joy and sorrow , and he transforms everyone he meets along the way . Meanwhile Albert , unable to forget his equine friend , searches the battlefields of France to find Joey and bring him home .
Mr Morpurgo was inspired to write War Horse after talking to old soldiers from the First World War . He said : “ The more I heard , the more I felt that any story I might want to write about this war had to be written not from a British perspective , not even from a French or German or Belgian one . It had to be the story of the suffering and grieving on all sides , military and civilian too . I needed to tell a story that reflected the universal pity of war . ”
Mr Murpurgo admits that his book , although well liked , was not initially the best seller . It was its transformation by the National Theatre into a stunning stage production , that saw the story reach so many people and garner awards by the dozen .
He says he often goes to Ypres to research his stories , and when there he visits the war cemeteries . He said : “ I am struck always by how many British people are there , Australians too , and Canadians , and New Zealanders , but how very few Germans are there . Yet their fathers and sons , their brothers and uncles , who left their homes a hundred years ago died in even greater numbers than ours . Their boys went to war for much the same reasons ours did , patriotism , pride , for adventure , because they were told to . Their deaths were as terrible , the sense of loss at home just as grievous . Yet it would seem that even now , the shadow of the Hitler War does not allow them to remember as we do , those who died in the First World War . ”
He said he hoped that the play of War Horse , and the book and film , could play a small part in a new beginning of reconciliation and understanding .
Thomas Dennis , who plays Albert , embarked on a research trip across Northern France and the Western Front , following in the footsteps of Joey and Albert . He said : “ I believe this show to be a commemoration of all the men , women and horses that gave their lives in the Great War , so to see the landscapes and read the names on the gravestones , allows me to connect deeply to the subject matter of the piece . “
War Horse is at New Theatre , Oxford from Wednesday December 13 - Saturday January 6 . Tickets cost from £21.40 , discounts available . Box office 0844 871 3020 or www.atgtickets.com/oxford
Bauers breaks tie as Rays beat Marlins 9-6 in 16 innings
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Tampa Bay Rays second baseman Daniel Robertson , left , tags out Miami Marlins ' JT Riddle at second during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Miami . Tampa Bay Rays second baseman Daniel Robertson , left , tags out Miami Marlins ' JT Riddle at second during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Miami . Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 2 of 7 Miami Marlins ' J.B. Shuck ( 3 ) is congratulated by Justin Bour , center , and J.T . Realmuto , right , after Shuck scored on a single by Brian Anderson during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Miami . less Miami Marlins ' J.B. Shuck ( 3 ) is congratulated by Justin Bour , center , and J.T . Realmuto , right , after Shuck scored on a single by Brian Anderson during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay ... more Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 3 of 7 Tampa Bay Rays ' Wilson Ramos , right , is congratulated by Matt Duffy ( 5 ) after Ramos hit a home run that scored Duffy during the first inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Miami . less Tampa Bay Rays ' Wilson Ramos , right , is congratulated by Matt Duffy ( 5 ) after Ramos hit a home run that scored Duffy during the first inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , ... more Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 4 of 7 Tampa Bay Rays ' Kevin Kiermaier , center , is congratulated by teammates after he and Matt Duffy scored on a double by Jake Bauers during the 16th inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins , early Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 , in Miami . The Rays defeated the Marlins 9-6 in 16 innings . less Tampa Bay Rays ' Kevin Kiermaier , center , is congratulated by teammates after he and Matt Duffy scored on a double by Jake Bauers during the 16th inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins , early ... more Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Tampa Bay Rays ' Jake Bauers watches his double that scored Kevin Kiermaier and Matt Duffy during the 16th inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 , in Miami . The Rays defeated the Marlins 9-6 in 16 innings . less Tampa Bay Rays ' Jake Bauers watches his double that scored Kevin Kiermaier and Matt Duffy during the 16th inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 , in Miami . The Rays ... more Photo : Wilfredo Lee , AP Image 7 of 7 Bauers breaks tie as Rays beat Marlins 9-6 in 16 innings 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
MIAMI ( AP ) — By the 16th inning , the Tampa Bay Rays had their backup catcher pitching , and the Miami Marlins had one of their pitchers pinch-hit .
It was a battle of attrition , and Tampa Bay won .
Jake Bauers hit a tiebreaking two-out , two-run double in a five-run 16th , ending the Rays ' 13-inning scoreless streak and lifting them over Miami 9-6 on Tuesday night .
`` There were a lot of people doing things they 're not used to doing , '' Bauers said .
That included Rays reliever Vidal Nuno ( 2-1 ) , who pitched two scoreless innings and also had two hits . He was thrown out on a headfirst slide trying to stretch a single into a double in the 15th , singled home a run in the 16th and then left the game after straining his right hamstring sprinting to first base .
Nuno will likely go on the disabled list , manager Kevin Cash said .
`` What a performance , '' Cash said . `` Amazing . ''
`` That was an incredible effort by Nuno , especially the dive into second base , '' Bauers said . `` That was one of the crazier things I 've seen on a baseball field . ''
Nuno became the first American League reliever to record two or more hits and earn a victory in the same game since the designated hitter rule was adopted in 1973 .
Miami 's J.T . Realmuto led off the 15th with a double , but Nuno pitched out of the jam .
With the Rays leading 9-4 in the 16th and short on pitchers , backup catcher Jesus Sucre took the mound for the bottom of the inning but gave up three consecutive singles and a sacrifice fly .
Jose Alvarado came on and walked pinch-hitting pitcher Dan Straily before Cameron Maybin grounded out to end the 5½-hour marathon . That gave the Rays their ninth win in 11 games .
`` It got a little stressful there at the end , '' Cash said . `` We appreciate the win , but we 're beat up . ''
Announced attendance was 6,259 , and a few hundred remained at the finish . The Marlins offered two tickets to each fan leaving after the game .
Johnny Field singled to start the Rays ' five-run 16th against Brett Graves ( 0-1 ) , and Carlos Gomez was hit by a pitch . After Kevin Kiermaier hit into a double play , Matt Duffy walked , and both scored on Bauers ' double .
The runs were the first for the Rays since the second inning , when they led 4-0 .
Right fielder Mallek Smith was yanked in the fourth inning for missing a sign , Cash said , which left the Rays even more shorthanded in the late innings . Reliever Sergio Romo batted in the 12th , struck out and remains hitless in his career .
`` Definitely not how you draw it up in a lot of different ways , '' Duffy said . `` In a 16-inning game there are going to be some ugly things . Not an ideal day , but we 're happy to come out with the win . ''
Wilson Ramos hit a two-run homer for the Rays , his 12th .
Miami 's Brian Anderson singled home a run in the fifth and has 33 hits with runners in scoring position to lead the majors . Teammate Justin Bour had three hits and scored once .
Rays center fielder Kiermaier threw out Anderson trying to score on a flyout to end the fifth and keep the score at 4-all . Tampa Bay 's Chaz Roe struck out Realmuto with runners at second and third in the bottom of the ninth to force extra innings .
`` A lot of ifs and buts in a game like that , '' Marlins manager Don Mattingly said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Marlins : RHP Sandy Alcantara will be placed on the 10-day disabled list with an infection under his upper right arm .
Rays : RHP Chris Archer ( left abdominal strain ) threw four hitless innings in a rehab start for Class A Charlotte . ... RHP Jake Faria ( left oblique strain ) is scheduled to throw live batting practice Wednesday .
UP NEXT
Marlins RHP Jose Urena ( 2-9 , 4.40 ) , sidelined since June 20 with right shoulder impingement , is expected to come off the disabled list to start Wednesday afternoon against RHP Matt Andriese ( 1-3 , 3.86 ) .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FRANKFURT , April 20 Germany imported 12.3 percent more natural gas in January and February versus a year earlier , while higher crude oil prices - to which the contracts are linked - meant costs rose 29 percent , official data showed . The January-February gas import bill was 4 billion euros ( $ 4.30 billion ) , with the volume at 794,103 terajoules ( TJ ) * , data from trade statistics office BAFA showed . Germany mainly imports gas from Russia , Norway , the Netherlands , Britain and Denmark . BAFA no longer provides a breakdown of supply from each country , but Russia is the top supplier by far . Many continental European gas prices under long-term supply contracts still track crude oil prices , with a time lag , though the importance of virtual gas trading points for spot supplies is increasing . BAFA gave the following details : Feb 2017 Feb 2016 Pct change alone alone Gas border price * * 5,040.98 4,356.82 + 15.7 ( in euros/TJ ) * Gas imports ( TJ ) 383,298 340,088 + 12.7 Jan-Feb 2017 Jan-Feb 2016 Pct change Gas imports 794,103 707,336 + 12.3 volume ( TJ ) Avg gas border 4,979.73 4,415.89 + 12.8 price ( in euros/TJ ) Total value of 4.0 3.1 + 29.0 imports ( bln euros ) * 1 terajoule = 278,000 kilowatt-hours ( kWh ) , 1 bcm = 35,170 TJ * * equivalent to 1.81 cents/kWh ( $ 1 = 0.9296 euros ) ( Reporting by Vera Eckert ; Editing by Mark Potter )
DUBAI , March 30 Crude oil prices climbed over $ 52 a barrel overnight for the first time in two weeks , which may lend support to oil-sensitive shares in the Gulf on Thursday . But several companies going ex-dividend may restrain markets .
Brent oil was at $ 52.55 a barrel in Asian trade , extending a 2.1 percent gain on Wednesday . Global equity markets , however , are more sombre ; MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan has edged down 0.3 percent and Wall Street closed near flat on Wednesday .
So far this month most stock markets in the Gulf have underperformed emerging markets , mainly because of lower oil prices and as many major stocks went ex-divided .
`` It 's hoped that the distributed cash dividends by the leading companies may partly get re-invested back in the equity markets , which could revive the weak March values , '' said Mohammed Ali Yasin , head of NBAD Securities .
In Dubai , Aramex goes ex-dividend on Thursday ; Oman Insurance does as well , along with Kuwait 's Burgan Bank , Al Ahli Bank and Kuwait Telecom . In Saudi Arabia , City Cement goes ex-dividend .
Abu Dhabi National Energy is expected to announce earnings later on Thursday . It outperformed the index on Wednesday , adding 2.2 percent . But shares of four medium-to-small companies go ex-dividend in Abu Dhabi , including investment firm Waha Capital . ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; Editing by Andrew Torchia )
BEIJING China said on Wednesday it saw no link between North Korea 's latest missile launch and an upcoming meeting between President Xi Jinping and his U.S. counterpart , Donald Trump .
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the comments at a regular press briefing , after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast just a day before the U.S.-China presidential summit .
China also urged all relevant parties to practise restraint and to refrain from escalating the situation , Hua said , when asked about the launch .
( Reporting by Michael Martina ; Writing by Philip Wen )
The handout is released to spread out the word regarding the participation of our IT Head of Clavax technologies , Sweta Gupta in the international Kentico Roadshow which was held in Denver , USA
End
-- Clavax , the renowned mobile and web app development firm proudly announce its participation in one of the largest Kentico Roadshow events . The event is conducted every year and is organized to showcase the latest news , product updates and other insights from the Kentico world . The main agenda to visit Kentico Roadshow was to enhance the learning on Kentico EMS and Kentico Cloud.Clavax and its team believe that participating in these events is beneficial for a greater technical understanding of how these platforms will work together , things to consider which platform is viable for our projects and what benefits we can bring to our business.Kentico 's new offerings allow enterprises to focus on fostering great digital experiences for their clients . It provides a complete platform in the multi-talent SaaS model which avoids the technical challenges associated with content management system including security and upgrades . The emergence of wcj these technologies not only make businesses more productive but also deliver exceptional customer experiences.Sweta Gupta , IT head of Clavax technologies stated the following in the event : `` '' She also enjoyed a great interaction with Kentico 's CEO Petr Palas.Clavax is a leading web and mobile app development company headquartered in San Jose , California . We are a Kentico Gold certified partner and has a proficient team of in-house Kentico developers . Also , we offer special Kentico project discounts for developing your website using Kentico CMS solutions.For any further details or queries , contact us at info @ clavax.com
American cyclist Chad Young died on Friday evening in hospital in Tucson , Arizona , five days after crashing during the Tour of the Gila , the Axeon Hagens Berman Cycling Team announced on Saturday .
Young , 21 , suffered severe head injuries in the crash , which occurred at high speed during a mountain descent in New Mexico .
“ We lost a friend , a teammate and a family member . I have no words that can express my pain over this loss , ” said team manager Axel Merckx , general manager .
“ I can only say that I am very thankful to have known him and that I feel privileged to have been able to share in his passion for cycling . ''
The fatal crash also involved several other cyclists , who escaped serious injury .
`` The crash itself was really no different or remarkable to any other , '' Mobius Future Racing general manager Tom Petty told cyclingnews.com . `` A small bunch of riders came into the corner . It was a bit deceiving ; they realised they 'd misjudged it and in the correction , lost control and crashed , '' he said .
Young , from New Hampshire , in his third year with the Axeon team , was racing his first Tour of the Gila .
Fellow cyclists paid tribute to him after hearing the news .
One , Nate Morse , wrote on Instagram : `` Chad Young : A friend , a teammate , and an inspiration . A talent , a genius , but humble . An unforgettable smile , laugh , and personality . ''
( Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary , North Carolina , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
April 10 Ihh Healthcare Bhd :
* Proposes divestment of 29.9 % of the shares in the capital of pch holding to TK Healthcare Investment Limited
* The primary proceeds for the divestment were rmb807.1 million Source text : [ bit.ly/2ohzjKp ] Further company coverage :
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
`` You look around the league , there 's lots of speed and lots of skill , '' said Rielly .
`` I think it 's great for the league , it makes it very exciting , '' he added .
But not for defencemen .
`` Not fun , '' said Rielly .
Matthews is loving it , however .
`` Guys are coming in and they 're ready to play and they 're making an impact for their team , '' said Matthews , who did just that last season when he scored 41 goals and won rookie of the year honours . `` You see it on pretty much every team now , they 've got a guy that 's pretty young , that is coming in , and he 's not just being a role player , he 's playing a pretty big part on that team .
`` Fortunately for us , we 've got six or seven of those guys that can pretty much play anywhere and make an impact every night in different ways . You can see the league kind of trending to some younger guys , some younger talent . It 's definitely fun to be a part of . ''
For the 38-year-old Marleau , Saturday 's curtain-raiser at the Air Canada Centre follows 19 home openers in San Jose .
`` I 'm excited , '' said Marleau . `` It 's going to be a great atmosphere to go into . They usually all are , but now it 's a little bit different for me with the new club and everything . ''
Babcock has also seen more than his share of home openers and says while he still appreciates them , he does n't need a special occasion to remember how exciting hockey is .
`` Hockey 's exciting , so I do n't need anything to get me more fired up about it , '' he said in typical Babcock-ese . `` In saying that , I think the home opener is a great thing . It 's a celebration of the start of the year .
`` I 'm glad we played a game already , so you get that under your belt . I thought we were n't very good early in that game and ideally we 'll be better in this game . But I think it 's important to celebrate your team with your fans in your city and that 's what the opening night about . We have to find a well to play well . ''
It looks like defenceman Calle Rosen and centre Dominic Moore will come in Saturday for Andreas Borgman and Eric Fehr .
Babcock said he opted to play Fehr in Winnipeg because he 's from Winkler , Man . Moore gets the nod Saturday because he once played for the Rangers .
He decided to alternate Borgman and Rosen the first two games because `` I did n't know the difference between the two of them . ''
Fehr and Moore are vying to be the team 's fourth-line centre . Borgman , Rosen and Martin Marincin , who was loaned to the AHL Marlies on Friday , are competing for the role of sixth defenceman .
Babcock has said all along it will take some time to settle on his final lineup .
`` We 're going to figure it out , '' he said .
The Canadian Press
Transactions at the Nigerian Stock Exchange , NSE , on Tuesday , February 14 , moved southwards as lead indices of the bourse took a nosedive , National Daily investigation has revealed .
As such , the All Share Index slumped by 0.38 percent to close at 25,244.29 points from previous session 's 25,340.02 points . Likewise , Market Capitalization closed at N8.736 trillion against previous close of N8.769 trillion also representing a 0.38 percent decline .
Market breadth closed negative with Beta Glass leading the day 's appreciating stocks by 4.99 percent to close at N34.72 .
PZ followed with a growth of 4.98 percent to close at N11.59 and UAC-Prop was third with 4.76 percent to close at N1.98 . Air-service and Caverton came fourth and fifth respectively having added 4.74 and 4.44 percent to close at N2.87 and 94 kobos respectively .
On the flip side , Nigerian Breweries , Nascon and Transcorp led the day 's losers ' chart , sliding by 5 percent each to close at N118.75 , N7.03 and 76 kobos per share respectively .
Cement Company of Northern Nigeria dropped 4.89 percent to close at N4.28 and Eterna Plc fell 4.75 percent to close at N3.41 per share .
Guaranty Trust Bank emerged the most traded equity on Monday with an exchange of 26.0 million shares worth N630.2 million , It was trailed by UBA that sold 25.9 million shares valued at N124.1 million , while E-tranzact recorded a sale of 20.4 million shares worth N102.2 million ; Fidelity Bank traded 14.7 million shares worth N12.4 million and FBN Holdings moved 9.9 million worth N31.3 million .
At the end of the day 's session , value of equities traded stood at N1.38 billion , 47 percent lower than N2.6 billion worth of shares transacted previously .
Investors moved a total of 141.9 million shares in 2,386 deals , percent lower than 201.7 million shares traded on Friday in 2,604 deals on Monday , 30 percent lower than 143.2 million shares traded previously in 2,551 deals .
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif delivers his speech during the 53rd Munich Security Conference in Munich , Germany , February 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told Reuters on Tuesday that Russia could use Iranian military bases to launch air strikes against militants in Syria on a `` case by case basis . ''
Russia and Iran are both key allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and have played decisive roles in the past 18 months to turn the tide of the Syrian conflict in his favour .
Russian jets used an air base in Iran to launch attacks against militant targets in Syria last summer , the first time a foreign power had used an Iranian base since World War Two .
The deployment ended abruptly however after some Iranian lawmakers called the move a breach of Iran 's constitution which forbids foreign military bases , and the Iranian defence minister chided Moscow for publicising the arrangement .
`` Russia does n't have a military base ( in Iran ) , we have good cooperation , and on a case by case basis , when it is necessary for Russians fighting terrorism to use Iranian facilities , we will make a decision , '' said Zarif .
Zarif is part of an Iranian delegation headed by President Hassan Rouhani , which arrived in Moscow on Monday .
Zarif said that regional issues , including Syria , would be discussed at a meeting in the Kremlin with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
( Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin ; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — Hornets guard Nic Batum says some basketball fans in his native France are happy he tore a ligament in his left elbow .
Batum says some on social media are still angry he decided not to play for the French national team this summer for the first time since joining the NBA . Batum decided not to play because he wanted to focus on working on particulars of his game and the Hornets ' upcoming regular season .
Batum will miss a minimum of six to eight weeks with the injury .
Batum says some `` people in France are happy about it '' and that it 's `` like I deserve it , '' although he says many in France and the U.S. have also been supportive .
The Delaware Hayes boys basketball team closed to within four points twice in the final quarter , but host Hilliard Bradley — on the doorstep of the state 's top 10 in the most recent AP hoops poll — cashed in on six of eight free throws in the final two minutes to pull away for a 55-45 OCC win Friday night .
Hayes coach Jordan Blackburn said he was proud of the way his guys played against one of the area 's top teams , but knows they can get better .
“ We have very high expectations for our boys because we know they can meet them , ” he said . “ We have to keep getting better . This is a special group of young men .
“ We will use this as feedback , in that we are n't where we want to be yet … we 're excited to get a little bit better tomorrow morning . ”
The Pacers were down just two , 24-22 at halftime , before the Jaguars used a 17-11 third-quarter surge to take a 41-33 lead into the final period .
Nate Griggs led Hayes with 16 points while Terin Kinsway added 13 .
Newark 78 , Big Walnut 47
The Golden Eagles hung around early , down just three points after the first quarter , but could n't keep up with the visiting Wildcats the rest of the way Friday in Sunbury .
Newark outscored Big Walnut 18-11 in the second , 26-17 in the third and 18-6 in the fourth .
Jordan Koebel and Sam Elliott led BW with 12 points apiece .
Westerville North 70 , Olentangy Liberty 56
The Patriots struggled without leading scorer Ben Roderick in the lineup , falling to the visiting Warriors in OCC action Friday night in Powell .
Liberty fell behind 21-12 by the end of the first quarter and never quite recovered . North , which wrapped up at least a share of the conference crown with the win , won the second 15-14 , the third 17-16 and the fourth 17-14 to smooth out the scoring summary .
Nick Nakasian led the Patriots with 17 points while Llwyatt Hofer and Henry Hinkle finished with eight apiece .
Westerville Central 79 , Olentangy 75 , 2 OT
Four Braves scored in double figures , but they could n't corral Thomas Hickman on the other end of the floor as the Warhawks hung on for a double-overtime win Friday in Lewis Center .
Hickman finished with a game-high 30 points — an effort which included a buzzer beater at the end of regulation and eight points in the second OT .
Alex Sieve led Olentangy with 20 points on the strength of four three-pointers . Sean Marks , who fouled out late in the second extra session , had 18 and Adam Wiff and Jerred Kinnaird finished with 12 apiece .
Also : Westerville South 53 , Olentangy Orange 45 .
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Olentangy Liberty trailed at halftime , but responded in a big way out of the locker room to rally for a 48-41 OCC win over host Westerville North Friday night .
The Patriots outscored the Warriors 22-9 in the third quarter to take control .
Emma Humenay connected on five three-pointers on the way to a team-high 21 points while Kennedy Kashmiry chipped in 10 in the win . Gina Santangelo also had a big night , dishing out a school-record 12 assists .
Hilliard Bradley 57 , Delaware Hayes 36
Alexis Amabile and Katie Smith combined for 24 of the Pacers ' 36 points , but the team 's overall shooting struggles continued during Friday 's OCC loss to the visiting Jaguars .
Hayes hit all 10 of its free throws , but connected on just 12 field goals for the game .
Delaware Christian 46 , Gahanna Christian 16
Lyssi Snouffer finished with 27 points and 24 rebounds as the Eagles rolled to a lopsided win over Gahanna Christian Friday night in Delaware .
DCS 's Anna Fuller and Abbi Maurer were also solid in the win . Fuller finished with seven points and five steals while Maurer added six points , 15 boards and eight steals .
Westerville Central 52 , Olentangy 39
The Braves fell into a 24-12 halftime hole they could n't dig out of Friday in Westerville .
Molley Delaney led Olentangy with a game-high 12 points while Najayah Shepherd sparked Central with 11 in the win .
Westerville South 51 , Olentangy Orange 21
The Pioneers limited the Wildcats to just five first-quarter points , but they scored 17 in each of the next two quarters to roll to an OCC win Friday in Lewis Center .
McKenna Ford , Alyssa Feeley and Riley Duffy all had five points for Orange .
WRESTLING
Olentangy Liberty picked up wins in each of the final three weight classes , but visiting and nationally ranked Massillon Perry was able to hold on for a 35-32 win Friday night in Powell .
The teams split the bouts 7-7 . Trevor Lawson picked up a first-period pin against the fourth-ranked wrestler ( 182-pound division ) in the state while Carson Kharchla knocked off the fourth-ranked 170-pounder in the nation to highlight the Patriots ' effort .
Other Liberty winners included Justin Callahan ( 160 ) , Blake Saito ( 132 ) , Jordan Rosselli ( 126 ) , Luke Blaine ( 120 ) and Davin Lambert ( 285 ) .
http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/02/web1_GAZETTE-SMALL-3.jpg
KITCHENER — Singer and recording artist Bud Roach is always looking for the new , the unexplored , the where the heck did that come from sort of musical score .
It seems he found it with 17th-century composer Alessandro Scarlatti 's comic opera `` Folly in Love '' and in all the excitement , the Hamilton-based Roach invited along a few friends to perform and record the music in three concerts , starting Friday in Kitchener .
`` People are hungry to hear something for the first time and it 's so artistically satisfying , '' said Roach , an artist who has made a name for himself recording rare works under the Musica Omnia label .
After Nota Bene Baroque Players in Kitchener asked Roach to find little known music from an old composer for a collaborative work , he decided to rifle through the archives at McMaster University 's music collection , a treasure trove for musicians .
Related Content Charming arias and a cute story
`` I just saw it in McMaster archives , there were lots of composers around ( during that period ) and we should know more about them , '' he said . `` People do n't seem to do that , they do n't put the work and energy into bringing this music to life . ''
The Italian-born Scarlatti was only 18 in 1679 when he wrote this story of love and mistaken identity . The opera came to the attention of the Pope who had banned having women on stage as well as any church 's employment of theatre musicians . He went so far as to have the musicians and Scarlatti arrested but an arts patron , the Swedish Queen Christina , came to his defence , informing the Pope he needed to back off .
The titillating backstory , the good music , kept the opera in the public eye and it toured Italy for decades .
Roach 's group , Capella Intima as well as his pal Margaret Gay and her Gallery Players of Niagara along with Nota Bene are coproducers for the show so it will be one big happy family of musicians who happen to specialize in early music played on period instruments .
The soloists include soprano Sheila Dietrich , mezzo Vicki St. Pierre , baritone David Roth and Roach singing tenor as well as directing .
`` It 's Scarlatti 's first opera and it 's never been recorded , '' said Julie Baumgartel , violinist and a creative director with Nota Bene . `` Bud wanted to pick something that has never been recorded before . ''
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise , Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI , June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight , while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool .
Scott Disick is on `` better terms '' with former partner Kourtney Kardashian .
The reality star couple - who have Mason , eight , Penelope , five , and Reign , three , together - officially called it quits in 2015 after a nine-year on and off romance , but were at loggerheads for some time as Scott was known to be `` hung up '' on their relationship .
But now , after both stars have moved on - with Scott now dating 19-year-old Sofia Richie , and Kourtney now romancing Younes Bendjima - it has been claimed the former couple are finally on good terms again .
A source said : `` Scott and Kourtney are on better terms . He was hung up on Kourtney forever and really wanted to make that relationship work , but he 's finally come to terms with the fact that she 's moved on . ''
Alongside improving his relationship with Kourtney , the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' star is also said to be cleaning up his act , after being known for his partying lifestyle .
The insider added to People magazine : `` He 's not partying like he was just a year ago and seems to be in a healthier place mentally and physically . Everyone in the family is really happy with how he 's doing lately . ''
The news comes after it was recently reported that Kourtney now `` trusts '' Scott 's new beau Sofia - who is the daughter of music legend Lionel Richie - with helping to look after her brood .
A source said : `` It helps that Kourtney now trusts Sofia . The kids are allowed to spend time with her . Sofia likes having them and helps Scott . So far , the kids are giving Kourtney good reports about Sofia .
`` Sofia has shown over and over again that she is willing to stay with Scott even when things are not great - but Scott is doing well lately . [ He ] is n't really partying and spends a lot of time with his kids . ''
April 6 The Reserve Bank of India said on Thursday it accepted all two bids for 10.45 billion rupees ( $ 161.02 million ) at its one-day repo auction , through which it injects liquidity into the banking system . REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE No . AMT ( bln No . AMT ( bln ( % ) rupees ) rupees ) 06/04 2 10.45 2 10.45 6.25 05/04 2 12.55 2 12.55 6.25 03/04 3 17.21 3 17.21 6.25 31/03 14 93.95 14 93.95 6.25 30/03 5 66.90 5 66.90 6.25 29/03 3 16.80 3 16.80 6.25 28/03 11 30.45 11 30.45 6.25 27/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 26/03 1 0.04 1 0.04 6.25 24/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 23/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 22/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 21/03 2 10.50 2 10.50 6.25 20/03 3 11.15 3 11.15 6.25 18/03 2 50.36 2 50.36 6.25 17/03 7 15.97 7 15.97 6.25 16/03 3 6.50 3 6.50 6.25 15/03 2 8.60 2 8.60 6.25 14/03 3 10.50 3 10.50 6.25 10/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 09/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 08/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 07/03 1 4.50 1 4.50 6.25 06/03 2 6.15 2 6.15 6.25 04/03 3 34.80 3 34.80 6.25 03/03 3 9.05 3 9.05 6.25 02/03 2 5.84 2 5.84 6.25 01/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 REVERSE REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE NO AMT ( bln NO AMT ( bln ( % ) rupees ) rupees ) 05/04 74 677.89 74 677.89 5.75 04/04 38 292.33 38 292.33 5.75 03/04 68 850.88 68 850.88 5.75 31/03 103 1351.77 103 1351.77 5.75 30/03 77 830.45 77 830.45 5.75 29/03 86 886.32 86 886.32 5.75 28/03 37 283.89 37 283.89 5.75 27/03 45 305.67 45 305.67 5.75 26/03 07 12.74 07 12.74 5.75 24/03 69 385.72 69 385.72 5.75 23/03 54 245.69 54 245.69 5.75 22/03 47 178.64 47 178.64 5.75 21/03 56 275.50 56 275.50 5.75 20/03 43 204.76 43 204.76 5.75 18/03 12 36.75 12 36.75 5.75 17/03 65 308.12 65 308.12 5.75 16/03 57 311.20 57 311.20 5.75 15/03 47 294.70 47 294.70 5.75 14/03 57 338.18 57 338.18 5.75 13/03 20 88.46 20 88.46 5.75 10/03 65 398.92 65 398.92 5.75 09/03 43 276.46 43 276.46 5.75 08/03 26 58.68 26 58.68 5.75 07/03 26 45.03 26 45.03 5.75 06/03 21 38.03 21 38.03 5.75 04/03 16 23.04 16 23.04 5.75 03/03 67 291.77 67 291.77 5.75 02/03 42 124.28 42 124.28 5.75 01/03 37 72.58 37 72.58 5.75 Source text - bit.ly/2neW4jn ( $ 1 = 64.9000 Indian rupees ) ( Bengaluru newsroom ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
DETROIT — Jose Iglesias ' two-run single keyed a Detroit 's five-run sixth as the Tigers took advantage of Shohei Ohtani 's departure following the second rain delay to beat the Los Angeles Angels 6-1 Wednesday night .
Ohtani , starting for the first time since May 20th , allowed one run ond three hits in five innings . He walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches .
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth , allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings .
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth , loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian ( 1-1 ) on a single , a walk and a hit by pitch . Greyson Greiner struck out , but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1 . Dixon Machado grounded to short , but Andrelton Simmons ' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones .
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share ( before tax ) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
BRUSSELS The European Union called on Britain to lift a pre-election veto on some EU spending , warning it could disrupt the start of Brexit talks , and EU officials suggested London was needling Brussels ahead of negotiations .
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told reporters on Saturday , after a Brussels summit where EU leaders approved instructions for their negotiator , that Britain had blocked billions of euros ( dollars ) in EU spending last week .
`` It would be desirable and it would facilitate the beginning of the negotiations if the UK were to be able to withdraw the reserve it has entered , '' Juncker said , referring to talks on Britain 's 2019 exit from the EU .
They are expected to begin after a parliamentary election on June 8 , which Prime Minister Theresa May called this month hoping that an increased majority will strengthen her position .
British officials said it was due to the election that its diplomats informed the EU on Tuesday that they could not approve a package of some 6 billion euros ( $ 6.5 billion ) in spending measures on Wednesday , out of respect for the pre-vote `` purdah '' when ministers hold off deciding on `` sensitive issues '' .
A British official said : `` This has nothing to do with a change in position . We sought to delay a vote on a sensitive file in keeping with our pre-election protocol . ''
However , EU officials were not convinced , saying the veto appeared unprecedented and affected policies that Britain had agreed during months of prior deliberation : `` This is clearly not a technical decision , '' one said . `` It could be a show of force . ''
Among measures affected was 2.5 billion euros for bolstering EU frontier controls to deal with the migrant crisis in the Mediterranean and 1.4 billion euros to tackle the `` root causes '' of migration in poor nations -- a policy Britain strongly backs .
Further spending on youth employment initiatives , student exchanges and scientific research were also hit .
The move was seen as a poor omen in Brussels for two years of difficult talks on a tight timetable . Officials said chief negotiator Michel Barnier again warned of the risk of an acrimonious collapse , meaning no deal is reached -- a scenario for which the negotiating guidelines say the Union is prepared .
Without a deal , Britain would simply drop out of the EU in March 2019 and into a potentially chaotic legal limbo . May has said she would prefer no deal to a bad deal but EU officials believe she will try to avoid that , arguing that stalemate would be more damaging to Britain 's interests than to the Union 's .
Adding to a sense of irritation in Brussels with the British spending block , one EU official said , was the late arrival of an email announcing it on Tuesday evening , a week after May called the election and hours before EU ambassadors were to meet on Wednesday morning to simply wave through the budget measures .
That , and the fact the email signed off : `` Happy Easter . ''
( Editing by Robin Pomeroy )
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
SYDNEY , April 9 Sydney FC received a helping hand from a video assistant referee in a world first on Saturday but it was still not enough for a 20th win of the season for the runaway A-League leaders .
The A-League is trial ling the video assistant over the final two rounds of the regular season and the three weeks of playoffs that follow .
The video assistant was called into action in the second half of their match against Wellington Phoenix in the New Zealand capital when visiting players claimed Marco Rossi had handled the ball inside the box .
Referee Shaun Evans deferred a penalty decision to video assistant referee Jarred Gillet , who confirmed the offence and Brazilian striker Bobo stepped up to convert the spot kick to give Sydney FC a 1-0 lead .
Phoenix equalised through a Michael McGlinchey header in stoppage time .
Sydney FC , whose place in the playoffs has long been assured , have suffered just one defeat in 26 matches this season and head into their final game of the regular season with a 17-point cushion .
Melbourne Victory are assured of second place , and an Asian Champions League spot , and lead local rivals City and Brisbane Roar by seven points despite being held to a 0-0 draw by Western Sydney Wanderers on Saturday .
Perth Glory are a further three points back in fifth place having secured their postseason berth with a 3-1 victory over the Roar late on Saturday that ended Wellington 's interest in the playoffs .
Former Asian champions Wanderers are assured of at least filling the sixth and final place in the playoffs but could move above Perth into fifth if other results go their way and they beat Adelaide United in their final match of the season .
United , who secured the A-League crown for the first time last year , have managed just five wins from 26 matches in their title defence and are out of the playoff picture .
Sydney FC and Victory will skip the first round of playoffs and host semi-finals at the end of April , while the teams in third and fourth place host fifth and sixth in the opening round .
City , who have Tim Cahill in their side and former England manager Roy Hodgson on board as a temporary advisor , host Perth next week in a match that , barring a defeat by seven goals or more , will see them secure a home playoff .
( Reporting by Nick Mulvenney ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` Daily 4 Night '' game were :
0-0-4-8 , Sum It Up : 12
( zero , zero , four , eight ; Sum It Up : twelve )
FILE PHOTO - Trucks wait in a long queue for border customs control to cross into the U.S. at the Otay border crossing in Tijuana , Mexico on February 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jorge Duenes/File Photo
WASHINGTON In revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the Trump administration will seek tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if a flood of imports from Canada and Mexico causes `` a threat of serious injury '' to U.S. industry , a draft of negotiating objectives shows .
The administration also will seek to eliminate a requirement in the 23-year-old trade deal that anti-dumping and anti-subsidy disputes be settled via a special dispute panel . Some U.S. industries including lumber have complained that the mechanism is ineffective in stopping unfair subsidies .
The objectives are contained in a draft notification letter circulated by the U.S. Trade Representative 's office to members of Congress for review . The letter , seen by Reuters , is part of the legal process required to start negotiations to revamp the NAFTA .
President Donald Trump called NAFTA a `` disaster '' throughout the 2016 election campaign , but the plan outlined in the letter would keep many of its provisions in place , including a settlement system for other disputes that circumvents local courts .
`` The persistent U.S. deficit in goods trade with Canada and Mexico demands that this administration take swift action to revise the relationship to reflect and respond to new 21st century challenges , '' Acting USTR Stephen Vaughn said in the letter , which is subject to revisions before it is finalised .
The draft negotiating objectives will `` seek to level the playing field on tax treatment , '' a broad statement that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC would be aimed at solving the problem of many countries exempting exports from value-added taxes , while the United States has been unable to offer such credits .
`` We will be using NAFTA as a partial means of addressing that , '' he said .
Both Canada and Mexico have value-added taxes , while the Trump administration is considering a border adjustment tax levied on imports .
Another draft objective says the administration wants “ to establish rules that require government procurement to be conducted in a manner that is consistent with U.S. law and the administration 's policy on domestic procurement preferences , ”
This could allow for Trump 's `` Buy American '' plan , but also cause U.S. companies to lose business in Mexico and Canada .
The document also calls for protections of digital trade and commerce , tougher intellectual property enforcement and requirements that state-owned companies operate in a commercial fashion .
After revisions to the document , Ross said he hopes next week to trigger a 90 day consultation period leading to NAFTA talks .
( Reporting by David Lawder and Eric Walsh ; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Grant McCool )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 30 Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Dicerna reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial and operational results
* Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc says anticipates that it will have sufficient cash to fund execution of company 's current operating plan into 2019
* Qtrly loss per share $ 0.68 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Customers can choose from more than 300 games — everything from the basics such as Candyland to the more complex Settlers of Catan — and take a table for $ 5 per person , playing for long as they want . The cafe opened on January 12 . Read more .
MONTREAL — Defenceman Victor Mete was loaned by the Montreal Canadiens to Canada 's national junior team on Monday , a day before its selection camp for the upcoming world championships begins .
Mete will be joining 32 other players at the Meridian Centre in St. Catharines , Ont. , on Tuesday . Hockey Canada will narrow its roster of 18 forwards , 11 defencemen and four goaltenders down to 22 players by Friday .
`` We 've made the decision to allow Victor Mete to join Team Canada 's Selection Camp to give him an opportunity to participate in a very beneficial experience for his development , '' said Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin . `` The World Junior Hockey Championship is a very elite and very competitive tournament , and this can be a very rewarding opportunity for a young player . ''
Mete is one of six Canadian junior-eligible players in the NHL this season and the first to be loaned to Canada 's junior team . Columbus centre Pierre-Luc Dubois , Arizona defenceman Jakob Chychrun , Philadelphia centre Nolan Patrick and Colorado Avalanche defenceman Samuel Girard and centre Tyson Jost are the other eligible players .
Canada has until Dec. 19 to add any other NHLers to its roster for the world junior championships that begin on Dec. 26 in Buffalo , N.Y .
Mete has four assists and a plus-5 rating in 27 games with the Canadiens this season . The 19-year-old Woodbridge , Ont. , native averaged 14:52 of ice time per game . He was a fourth-round pick for Montreal , 100th overall , in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft .
By The Canadian Press
Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5 ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Cash 5 '' game were :
04-15-20-22-23
( four , fifteen , twenty , twenty-two , twenty-three )
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
Is it a bird ? Is it a plane ? If you 're outside looking up at the skies this Sunday ( June 3 ) in Burlington , chances are it 's a kite .
The Burlington Kite Festival , presented by the Rocca Sisters Team , returns to the city and will be held at the Brant Hills Community Centre , 2255 Brant St .
Families can head to the centre between 11 a.m.-4 p.m .
Canadian Olympic swimmer Colin Russell kicks off the festival at noon with the help of the Burlington Teen Tour Band .
The Olympian will also be available for photos and autographs after the opening ceremony .
Festival participants can build their own kite ( while supplies last ) or bring their own .
Other features of the event include : performances by Isabella Hoops and Crash Rhythm , face-painting , balloon animals , a photo booth and stilt walkers .
The festival coincides with June being declared the Month of Play by the City of Burlington .
“ June is a big month for ( the department of ) parks and recreation as the weather is becoming warmer , the school year is winding down and people are looking for ways to get outside and enjoy our beautiful city , ” said Chris Glenn , the city director of parks and recreation .
“ We have many great programs and festivals like the Kite Festival , but we also have many great outdoor spaces where people can have their own unstructured fun . ”
STOCKHOLM , April 6 Tighter mortgage rules introduced last year in Sweden have had a cooling effect on the housing market , the country 's financial watchdog said on Thursday .
`` Households with new mortgages are borrowing less and are buying cheaper properties , but the risks from heavily indebted households remains , '' the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority said in a statement accompanying its annual survey of the mortgage market .
The watchdog has long warned of unsustainable growth in property prices and mortgage lending . Last year , it made it mandatory for most new borrowers to pay down the principal on mortgage loans . ( Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom ; Editing by Simon Johnson )
ROCK HILL , S.C. — Xavier Cooks scored 22 points , had six rebounds , five blocks , four assists and three steals to lead Winthrop to a 75-57 win over Radford on Saturday .
Bjorn Broman added 16 points and four steals , Josh Ferguson contributed 10 points and the Eagles shot 26 of 46 ( 56.5 per cent ) including 9 of 18 from 3-point range , while collecting 13 steals .
Winthrop ( 14-9 , 8-4 Big South ) led 23-22 after Radford 's Christian Bradford made a 3 with 4:47 before halftime . Broman later made three free throws to start a 13-3 run to close the half and establish control the rest of the way . Ed Polite Jr. 's 3 with 15:05 left brought Radford within 48-39 , but Adam Pickett 's jumper and Jermaine Ukaegbu 's dunk put the Eagles up double figures the rest of the way .
Polite led Radford ( 15-10 , 8-4 ) with 18 points , a game-high eight rebounds and five steals . Bradford finished with 11 points .
March 31 Japan 's city gas industry embarks on a new era on April 1 when city gas suppliers lose their monopoly rights to sell piped natural gas to the 2.4 trillion yen ( $ 21.5 billion ) per year retail market comprised mainly of households .
Japan , the world 's top liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) importer , had earlier liberalised the market for large corporate users in four stages since 1995 , a 2.6 trillion yen market that accounts for 64 percent of city gas sales volumes .
The shake-up comes a year after the similar liberalisation of the nation 's 8 trillion yen a year power market for households and small customers , and marks the government 's latest bid to intensify competition across the broad energy sectors involving oil , power , gas and traders .
Here is how the latest reform will work , according to interviews with government and industry officials .
* The majority of the nation 's city gas market is controlled by three big city gas suppliers , Tokyo Gas , Osaka Gas and Toho Gas . Combined they own about 137,000 kilometres of pipeline network , or 53 percent of Japan 's total , and sell 65 percent of the nation 's total gas sales volumes .
* From April 1 , any company outside the existing energy industry can enter the market by renting city gas firms ' pipelines to send gas to homes .
* Currently , 12 firms have registered with the government to sell city gas to retail market . They include four power utilities - Tokyo Electric Power , Kansai Electric Power , Chubu Electric Power and Kyushu Electric Power - all of which plan to sell gas in their home power market regions from April 1 , except for Tepco .
* New entrants have already been accepting retail city gas customers . As of March 24 , a total 92,403 customers have applied to make the switch , according to the trade ministry 's data .
* A price-cutting race has already begun to lure customers away from the current dominant city gas suppliers . Kansai Electric , for instance , has announced price cuts of more than 10 percent compared with the existing fees charged by the current exclusive supplier in its region , Osaka Gas .
( $ 1 = 111.7300 yen )
( Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Lilian Tintori ( L ) , wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , speaks during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , in downtown Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , in downtown Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , in downtown Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , in downtown Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Lilian Tintori ( C ) , wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , speaks during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters attend a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Lilian Tintori , wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , speaks during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Lilian Tintori ( L ) , wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , speaks during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
A placard depicting jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is seen during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Venezuelan National Guards stand guard in front of Lilian Tintori ( C ) , wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
A placard depicting jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is seen during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Lilian Tintori ( C ) , wife of jailed Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , speaks during a rally in support of political prisoners and against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , outside the military prison of Ramo Verde , in Los Teques , Venezuela April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
LOS TEQUES , Venezuela Hundreds of activists marched on Friday to the hilltop jail of Venezuela 's best-known detained opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez in the latest of a month of protests against the socialist government .
Security forces blocked access to the decrepit-looking penitentiary next to a slum in Los Teques , an hour 's drive from the capital Caracas , as the demonstrators shouted `` Leopoldo ! '' and held signs reading `` No To Dictatorship ! ''
This month 's wave of protests against President Nicolas Maduro 's government has led to at least 29 deaths in the worst unrest since 2014 rallies championed by Lopez , who was arrested then and convicted of instigating violence .
Venezuela 's opposition is demanding elections , autonomy for the legislature where they have a majority , a humanitarian aid channel from abroad to alleviate an economic crisis , and freedom for more than 100 jailed anti-Maduro activists .
Supporters say Lopez , the U.S.-educated leader of hardline Popular Will party , and others are political prisoners who symbolize Maduro 's lurch into dictatorship .
Maduro says all are behind bars for legitimate crimes , and calls Lopez , 45 , a violent hothead intent on promoting a coup .
`` This shows yet again the fear Nicolas Maduro has of people in the street , '' said Popular Will legislator Juan Mejia at the National Guard barriers outside Ramo Verde jail .
Some inhabitants of a nearby slum came out of their homes to cheer as the protesters marched by .
`` We would never have marched here before because it was very dangerous and pro-Chavista , '' said demonstrator and marketing consultant Kailee Shima , 36 , referring to the ruling `` Chavista '' movement named for Maduro 's predecessor Hugo Chavez .
Elsewhere , relatives of imprisoned activists and supporters turned up at other jails , including the Caracas headquarters of the state intelligence service Sebin .
`` We are opposite one of the dictatorship 's iconic prisons where they keep dozens of political prisoners , opposite the biggest torture centre in the land , '' said another opposition lawmaker Gaby Arellano .
Government officials accuse the opposition of inventing torture stories to sway international opinion against the Maduro government and create the conditions for a foreign intervention of the South American oil producer .
The opposition coalition , which now enjoys majority support after long being in the shadow of `` Chavismo '' especially during the 14-year rule of Chavez himself , is trying to keep the pressure on Maduro with daily protests .
( Writing by Andrew Cawthorne ; Editing by Toni Reinhold )
Shoppers checkout at a Target store in Falls Church , Virginia May 28 , 2010 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
NEW YORK U.S. consumer sentiment was scaled back slightly in the latter half of March but was still stronger than February on optimism about jobs and finances together with low inflation , a private survey released on Friday showed .
The University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers said its consumer sentiment index recorded a final reading of 96.9 for March , down from a preliminary reading of 97.6 earlier in the month but higher than February 's final reading of 96.3 .
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast the final March figure to match the preliminary one .
`` The continued strength in consumer sentiment has been due to optimistic views on three critical components : higher incomes and wealth , more favorable job prospects , and low inflation expectations , '' the survey 's chief economist Richard Curtin said in a statement .
In January , the university 's consumer sentiment gauge reached 98.5 , the highest since January 2004 .
There is disparity on the outlook about the economy based on political party affiliation , he noted .
Republicans surveyed expected robust growth , while Democrats surveyed expected an imminent recession , Curtin said .
`` Overall , the data indicate both rising optimism and rising uncertainty due to the partisan divide , '' he said .
The survey 's measure on current conditions ended at 113.2 in March , down from a preliminary reading of 114.5 which was the highest since November 2000 . It was higher than February 's final figure of 111.5 .
The component on consumers expectations finished at 86.5 , below the preliminary reading of 86.7 and unchanged from the February 's final figure .
Consumers ' inflation outlook bounced back from earlier March but was weaker than a month ago .
The survey 's one-year inflation measure was 2.5 percent , up from the preliminary reading of 2.4 percent but down from the final February figure of 2.7 percent .
The five-year inflation gauge was 2.4 percent , up from a preliminary reading of 2.2 percent but lower than the final February figure of 2.5 percent .
( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Tom Petty 's cause of death has been `` deferred '' .
The 66-year-old music legend passed away last week after being rushed to hospital following a cardiac arrest but after the autopsy was completed , `` it was clear further tests needed to be done , '' according to The Blast .
One day after his cardiac arrest , Petty 's agent Tony Dimitriades revealed he passed away when his family agreed to switch off his life support after learning he had no brain activity .
Petty was surrounded by his friends , family and his bandmates at UCLA hospital in Santa Monica , California , when he died .
Tributes from fellow musicians and fans poured in after they learnt that the 'American Girl ' hitmaker was fighting for life in hospital and among them was Kings of Leon rocker Nathan Followill , who said he 'd struggle to perform after hearing the news .
He wrote : `` Tom Petty was one of the biggest inspirations for me as a musician . This one will hurt for a long time . Truly one of the sweetest people on earth . Rest In Peace brother . It 's going to be hard to take the stage tonight with such a heavy heart . Luckily music is what I use to get through tough times like these . Love one another . ''
Petty shot into the limelight in 1976 when he and his band the Heartbreakers dropped hits 'Do n't Do Me Like That ' and 'Here Comes My Girl ' .
He also spent time in the supergroup The Traveling Wilburys - comprised also of Bob Dylan , Roy Orbison , George Harrison and Jeff Lynne - in the 1980s .
RANCHO MIRAGE , California Tennis star Maria Sharapova said on Tuesday she is excited about her return to competition next month , feeling vindicated by the reduction of her doping suspension and empowered by her time away .
Russia 's former world number one was initially barred for two years after testing positive at the 2016 Australian Open for meldonium , a medication she had been taking for 10 years within the rules , but that was reclassified as a banned drug .
Sharapova vigorously fought to overturn the ban , saying she had not been properly advised of the official change , and the Court of Arbitration for Sport cut the ban to 15 months and said in its ruling it did not believe she was `` an intentional doper '' .
`` Although I 'm at a stage or age in my career where you 're closer to the end than your beginning , you always want to end a chapter in your life on your own terms , in your own voice , '' Sharapova told the ANA Inspiring Women in Sports conference at Mission Hills .
`` That 's why I fought so hard for the truth to be out , '' the five-times grand slam winner said at the programme that included tennis and women 's sports pioneer Billie Jean King , Olympic champion gymnast Aly Raisman and 2014 ANA Inspiration champion golfer Lexi Thompson .
Sharapova 's ban will end two days after the Stuttgart grand prix starts on April 24 . She has been given a wild card by organisers , who scheduled her first match on the Wednesday in her competitive return .
Some players have bristled at what they feel is preferential treatment for draw card Sharapova , who reigned as the highest earning female athlete in the world for 11 years in a row , according to Forbes .
`` For me it 's not OK and I spoke to some other players and nobody is OK with it , but it 's not up to us , '' world number four Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia told reporters .
`` It 's not about her , but everyone who was doping should start from zero . ''
Sharapova said she does not worry about the reception she will receive and is confident in her integrity .
`` When you love what you do , and do it with passion and integrity and you work hard , and you work on court number 28 when no one is watching ... then you know what you stand for and you know who you are .
`` When I 'm out on court 28 and there 's no one watching , that 's when a lot of my trophies are being won , '' she said .
Sharapova , who turns 30 on April 19 , kept herself busy during her tennis absence .
She took a class at Harvard Business School in global strategic management , spent another 10 days in London studying leadership , interned at an advertising agency , spent a week shadowing NBA commissioner Adam Silver , and a week with Nike designers besides attending to her Sugarpova candy brand .
`` I learned that life can be OK without tennis , '' said Sharapova , who also just finished an autobiography scheduled to be published in September . `` It was empowering . ''
Yet Sharapova is eager to get back on the court .
`` I 've been training quite hard for the past four months , '' she said , adding it would likely take some time to pay off . `` Practise is never the same as match play .
`` ( But ) I know that my mind and my body still have the motivation to be the best tennis player I can be . ''
( Editing by Andrew Both )
DUBAI Etihad Airways ' bookings to the United States are healthy despite last month 's introduction of a ban on most electronics from the cabins of passenger flights to the United States , the Abu Dhabi carrier said on Monday .
On March 25 , the U.S. banned electronic devices larger than a mobile phone from passenger cabins on direct flights to the U.S. from 10 airports in the Middle East , North Africa and Turkey , including the United Arab Emirates .
`` Bookings to U.S. destinations remain healthy and customer feedback to the initiatives taken by Etihad Airways to provide for their business and entertainment needs has been very positive , '' an Etihad spokesman said .
Industry experts warned the ban - prompted by reports that militant groups want to smuggle explosive devices in electronic gadgets - could be damaging to fast-growing Gulf carriers by weakening demand among corporate flyers who use their travel time to complete work on laptops and other devices .
Etihad said last week it would lend approved tablets and offer unlimited wifi to business and first-class passengers travelling on U.S.-bound flights .
In March , fellow Gulf carrier Emirates said booking rates on U.S. flights fell 35 per cent after President Donald Trump 's first travel ban which like the electronics ban only applied to Muslim-majority countries .
( Editing by Susan Thomas )
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FILE PHOTO : Sally Pearson of Australia celebrates after winning the gold medal in the women 's 100m hurdles at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow , Scotland , August 1 , 2014 . REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
MELBOURNE Having come back from two years ruined by injuries , the tears flowed freely for Sally Pearson after the former Olympic 100m hurdles champion booked her ticket to the world championships .
The 30-year-old Australian went to the national trials in Sydney on Sunday nauseous with nerves and on an empty stomach .
She took the starting blocks without any last-minute calming words from a mentor , having decided months before to coach her own way back to the top .
Within 12.74 seconds the agony was over , as the blonde-haired Gold Coast athlete crossed the line in her heat in a time quick enough to qualify for London .
She then posted a wind-assisted 12.53 in the final to capture an eighth national title in the 100m hurdles before finally losing out to her emotions .
`` For sure , there was relief , '' Pearson told Reuters in an interview on Thursday .
`` I 'd been out for two years . I missed the national championships last year , missed the Olympics and the worlds and the world indoor championships , so I have n't been at the top level .
`` And for me to come out on Sunday and produce results like that is reassuring and exciting . It 's also a big confidence boost . ''
Since winning gold at the London Games in an Olympic record 12.35 seconds , Pearson 's track career has been blighted by debilitating injuries , thwarted comebacks and dashed dreams .
The 2011 world champion battled back from hamstring strains to win silver in her title defence at Moscow in 2013 but missed Beijing two years later after shattering her left wrist in a sickening fall at the Golden Gala meeting in Rome .
The injury , described as a `` bone explosion '' by doctors , was so traumatic that Pearson feared her lower arm would need to be amputated .
Nearly two years on , there are constant reminders .
`` I literally ca n't bend my wrist backwards , I ca n't do a proper push-up . I have to do them on my finger tips , '' said Pearson , the 2011 IAAF female athlete of the year .
`` Even if I pick up a dinner plate , I have to do it in a different way to be able to pick it up properly .
`` I 'm thinking after the Commonwealth Games I 'll be getting some more surgery on it any way to take out the plates and screws and see how much more movement I can get out of it again . ''
MENTAL TOLL
Hometown hero Pearson will be the face of the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games next year but her Sydney results have left her encouraged that she could produce something special before then .
Given the trials of recent years , she is reluctant to make any big statements but a podium performance in London would be a rich reward for her iron perseverance .
It would scarcely make up for the angst of missing her Olympic title defence at Rio , however , her desperate bid to come back from a serious Achilles injury shattered by another hamstring strain .
`` I think it really took a mental toll on me trying to get back onto the track in four months , all the stress , all the emotion , '' she said .
`` Getting another injury with my hamstring , that was just the final straw ... In a way , mentally it was a relief to not go to Rio because it was so draining on me .
`` But physically I was just a mess . My body was so wrecked . I was due for a break . ''
Days after the injury , a defiant Pearson fronted the media to declare herself far from a spent force and said her peak as an athlete was yet to come .
As she prepares for a six-week training bloc in the Gold Coast before jetting off to Europe for competition , the defiance has been replaced by a calm and a touch of realism .
`` It would be nice to be able to run back in the 12.20s again but I guess as an athlete and a coach you have to be realistic about what you can achieve and what you hope to achieve , '' she said .
`` I 'm not going to rule anything out but I start back training today after three days off and have probably never been in such a calm and confident head-space before .
`` But I 'm not thinking about medals at this point in time because I 'm actually enjoying what I 'm doing so much .
`` I 'm just enjoying being fast , fit and strong again ... I have n't felt like that in a number of years . ''
( Editing by John O'Brien )
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Play4 Day ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Play4 Day '' game were :
1-2-2-0
( one , two , two , zero )
ST. JOHN 'S , N.L . — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall , fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches .
The whale 's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove , but has become an urgent issue for the village .
Hank Diamond , a member of the local service district committee , says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors , and is hoping for provincial assistance .
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality 's responsibility .
The Latest : Najib says trial best option to prove innocence
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : YC Hiam , AP Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , center , arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Najib arrived at a Kuala Lumpur courthouse Wednesday to face charges stemming from a corruption investigation , two months after the scandal led to his shock election defeat . less Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , center , arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Najib arrived at a Kuala Lumpur courthouse Wednesday to face charges stemming ... more Photo : YC Hiam , AP Image 2 of 8 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , center , walks into a courtroom in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a corruption probe , two months after his shock election defeat . less Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , center , walks into a courtroom in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a ... more Photo : Yam G-Jun , AP Image 3 of 8 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a corruption probe , two months after his shock election defeat . less Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , arrives at a court house in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face ... more Photo : Vincent Thian , AP Image 4 of 8 Supporters of former Prime Minister Najib Razak light candles outside the headquarters of the Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya , Malaysia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft investigators and will be charged over his alleged role in the multibillion-dollar looting of a state investment fund , officials said . fewer Supporters of former Prime Minister Najib Razak light candles outside the headquarters of the Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya , Malaysia , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft ... more Photo : Vincent Thian , AP Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 Riot police arrives at court house in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft investigators and will be charged over his alleged role in the multibillion-dollar looting of a state investment fund , officials said . less Riot police arrives at court house in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft investigators and will be charged over his ... more Photo : Vincent Thian , AP Image 7 of 8 Files - In this Thursday , May 24 , 2018 , file photo , former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak arrives at the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission ( MACC ) Office in Putrajaya , Malaysia . Najib was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft investigators and will be charged over his alleged role in the multibillion-dollar looting of a state investment fund . less FILE - In this Thursday , May 24 , 2018 , file photo , former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak arrives at the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission ( MACC ) Office in Putrajaya , Malaysia . Najib was arrested ... more Photo : Vincent Thian , AP Image 8 of 8 The Latest : Najib says trial best option to prove innocence 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia ( AP ) — The Latest on the 1MDB corruption case against former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak ( all times local ) :
4:40 p.m .
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak says after posting bail on four corruption charges that trial is the best option for him to prove his innocence .
At a news conference after the hearing Wednesday , Najib says a trial was `` the best chance for me to clear my name after all the slander and accusations . ''
The trial is set to start Feb. 8 , subject to confirmation at a preliminary hearing next month .
He pleaded not guilty to all charges at the High Court in Kuala Lumpur . A judge set bail at 1 million ringgits in cash ( $ 250,000 ) and ordered Najib to surrender his two diplomatic passports .
___
11:50 a.m .
A Malaysian High Court judge has approved bail at 1 million ringgits in cash ( $ 250,000 ) for former Prime Minister Najib Razak .
Judge Mohamad Sofian Abdul Razak set the bail amount and told Najib to surrender his two diplomatic passports . Najib earlier pleaded not guilty to four charges in the corruption case involving the 1MDB state investment fund .
The criminal charges come two months after the scandal involving the indebted fund led to Najib 's shock election defeat .
___
11 a.m .
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has pleaded not guilty to all 4 charges in the corruption case brought against him by state prosecutors .
`` I claim trial '' he said in a barely audible voice as he stood in the dock at the High Court in Kuala Lumpur .
His lawyers have applied for bail and the amount is still being argued in court . Prosecutors want 4 million ringgits ( nearly $ 1 million ) bail .
___
9.15 a.m .
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has been charged in a Malaysian lower court with three counts of criminal breach of trust stemming from the corruption scandal at a state investment fund .
Each of the three charges has a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison . Whipping is also a penalty but Najib would be exempt because he is over 60 years old .
A judge said Najib is accused of abusing his power between December 2014 and March 2015 when about $ 10 million was transferred from a former unit of the 1MDB state fund to his bank account .
The case will be transferred to the High Court where Najib is expected to make his plea Wednesday . He has denied any wrongdoing .
___
8:30 a.m .
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has arrived at a Kuala Lumpur court house to face charges stemming from a corruption probe , two months after his shock election defeat .
Najib was arrested Tuesday by anti-graft officials over a suspicious transfer of 42 million ringgits ( $ 10.4 million ) into his bank accounts from SRC International , a former unit of the 1MDB state investment fund that U.S. investigators say was looted by associates of Najib .
State news agency Bernama said Najib could be charged Wednesday with more than 10 counts of criminal breach of trust , which has a maximum penalty of 20 years prison .
Najib , 64 , denies any wrongdoing and has accused the new government of seeking `` political vengeance . ''
LONDON — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago , tuberculosis nearly derailed his career .
This year , the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup .
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out . It was found to be tuberculosis , which put him in the hospital for five months . Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs .
`` That would have ended my career , I needed guardian angels to take me away , '' Silva said this week at the Brazilian team 's training camp in London . `` I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year . It is different for me to play there . I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy . ''
Silva , who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar , never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup . In Russia , though , Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite .
Another PSG player , Marquinhos , and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil 's matches in the last two years .
When Silva had his health issues in 2005 , it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs .
`` I knew Thiago from Brazil , took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia , '' Wortmann , who is also Brazilian , told The Associated Press .
Silva 's mother , Angela , and his wife , Isabelle , also thought the surgery was unnecessary .
`` I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream , '' Isabelle said . `` I am not a doctor , but no one believed he should go through surgery .
April 13 Exelon Generation :
* Exelon generation , JAPC establish joint venture to enhance nuclear operational excellence worldwide
* Joint venture company will license and deploy Exelon nuclear management model in major nuclear power projects around world
* JV co , Jexel nuclear , will be jointly controlled 50 percent by co and JAPC , with two board members each Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
There is a new piece of technology for motorcycle riders that can help them drive safer . Listen in as Malte Laass , Co-Founder , NUVIZ Hud , explains .the items that attach to your helmet ,
Google has introduced the first changes to Chrome 's UI ( user interface ) in two years , focusing on the shape of the browser 's tabs and other top-of-window elements .
Available in `` Canary , '' the rawest version of the browser , and so far only for Windows , the tweaked UI is hidden behind an experimental setting . To see the UI , users must type chrome : //flags in the address bar , then search for UI Layout in the resulting page of optional settings . Once UI Layout has been located , change the setting from `` Default '' to `` Refreshed '' and restart the browser .
The most noticeable change currently displayed is to the tabs , which have dispensed with an earlier trapezoidal form for a rectangle with slightly-rounded upper corners . The active tab has also been slightly brightened from a very light gray to a plain white , making that most important tab stand out more than before .
Chrome 's address bar - some at Google still refer to it by its oldest name , `` Omnibox '' - has also been rounded , replacing its flat left end with a curve .
Google The standard Canary UI . Google Chrome 's `` Canary '' build reveals UI changes almost certain to make their way to the Stable build . Among the most noticeable : Tabs are near-rectangles , not trapezoids .
Although the changes may seem minor , Google 's designers have pegged the tabs as crucial to the UI .
`` The key elements when you think about our Core UI are the tabs and icons , '' wrote Google visual designer Sebastien Gabriel in a long and detailed 2016 post about Chrome 's previous overhaul . Gabriel also asserted that the redesign two years ago was to `` bridg [ e ] the gap between our new design language on mobile and our aging desktop visuals , '' a process that has continued .
Other already-implemented alterations include a vertical separator at the right end of add-on icons , followed by a user 's image pulled from an associated Google account , assuming the user has logged in to Chrome .
According to Ron Amadeo of Ars Technica , who reported Monday on the Chrome UI redesign , more changes have been revealed in internal Google documents found within the Chromium bug tracker . ( Chromium is the open-source project , staffed by Google engineers , that cranks out the foundations for the Chrome browser . ) Amadeo highlighted several , including a shift of the new-tab button - a `` + '' symbol in Windows - from the right to the left of the address bar .
Computerworld found those documents , but they were locked to unauthorized users , hinting that the documents were assumed to be safe from prying eyes simply because they were harbored in the bug tracker labyrinth , but were locked down after Amadeo or others discovered them .
It 's unclear when the UI elements exposed in Chrome Canary will appear in the stable build of the browser . Canary is now at version 68 , which is not slated to make it to production-quality until late July .
( Adds U.S. market open , byline , dateline ; previous LONDON )
* Robust US labor market report boosts dollar , govt debt
* Stocks in Europe , Wall St drop after jobs report
* Oil eases on strong dollar
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. dollar and bond yields jumped on Friday while stock markets fell as U.S. data showed the strongest annual wage growth since 2009 , raising the specter of accelerating inflation and more U.S. interest rate hikes than expected this year .
Yields on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note shot up to a four-year high within five minutes of release of the Labor Department 's unemployment report for January .
The dollar surged against the Japanese yen , euro and a basket of six currencies .
The price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note later fell further , pushing the yield up to 2.8525 percent from 2.773 percent late on Thursday .
Stocks in Europe and on Wall Street plunged at least 1 percent on the news , as the strong jobs and wage growth data boosted the chances of four Fed rate hikes this year , instead of the three hikes analysts had expected thus far .
“ What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes , ” Michael Antonelli , managing director of institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee .
MSCI 's all-country world index of equity performance in 47 countries fell 1.07 percent while its gauge of emerging market stocks lost 1.54 percent .
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares lost 0.98 percent and the STOXX 600 index tumbled 1.07 percent .
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 291.39 points , or 1.11 percent , to 25,895.32 . The S & P 500 lost 27.83 points , or 0.99 percent , to 2,794.15 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 81.01 points , or 1.1 percent , to 7,304.85 .
The dollar index , tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies , rose 0.72 percent , with the euro down 0.64 percent to $ 1.2428 . The Japanese yen weakened 0.87 percent versus the greenback at 110.37 per dollar .
The U.S. bond market 's gauges of inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday as domestic wages recorded their strongest annual increase in more than 8-1/2 years , suggesting inflation may be accelerating .
The gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities ( TIPS ) and the 10-year Treasury notes reached its highest level since September 2014 .
U.S. crude fell $ 1.02 to $ 64.78 per barrel and Brent fell $ 1.34 to $ 68.31 .
Spot gold dropped 1.4 percent to $ 1,329.62 an ounce .
ZURICH , March 31 The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks on Friday :
ACTELION
Johnson & Johnson declared its $ 30 billion tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday , reporting it controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period . The price of the offer , which J & J announced on Jan. 26 , was $ 280 per share for Actelion . It said it expected the transaction to close in the second quarter .
For more click on
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Zurich Insurance is redeeming $ 1 billion worth of trust preferred securities early . The securities , issued in 2007 by ZFS Finance ( USA ) Trust V are expected to be redeemed on May 9 , 2017 at par plus accrued interest , Zurich said . The net amount outstanding is $ 501 million .
An Australian court has approved an arrangement under which Zurich Insurance will acquire all shares in travel insurer Cover-More . Cover-More expects to lodge the approval with Australia 's Securities and Investment Commission April 3 .
* Helvetia has placed a 500 million euros ( $ 536.25 million ) subordinated hybrid-bond on the EUR capital market . The bond bears a fixed coupon of 3.375 percent until its first optional call date in September 2027 .
* Credit Suisse said it plans to suspend further issuance of its exchange-traded notes . The plan does not affect investors ' ability to offer the bank ETNs for repurchase , Credit Suisse said .
* VAT Group expects to grow sales at least 20 percent in 2017 in constant currency after net income jumped to 67 million francs in 2016 . The group nominated Martin Komischke to succeed Horst Heidsieck as chairman of the board .
* Sika appointed six managers to new positions within the firm , which its CEO said would help the group achieve its growth strategy and 2020 targets .
ECONOMY
( Reporting by Zurich newsroom )
March 28 Aerospace and defence company Cobham said on Tuesday it would raise about 512.4 million pounds ( $ 642.6 million ) through its rights issue to pay down debt .
The 2 for 5 rights issue of 683.1 million shares was priced at 75 pence per share , a 40.9 percent discount to its Monday close of 126.8 pence .
Cobham , which expects the right issue to be completed in the second quarter , also maintained its 2017 expectations .
( $ 1 = 0.7974 pounds ) ( Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru ; Editing by Mark Potter )
* Fed says inflation `` running close '' to target
* Silver at near 4-month low
* Platinum at lowest level for 2017 ( Rewrites throughout to add Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline )
By Marcy Nicholson and Zandi Shabalala
NEW YORK/LONDON , May 3 Gold fell to a one-month low as the dollar firmed on Wednesday , after the U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged as expected and the market reduced expectations of a surprise win by France 's far-right presidential candidate .
The Fed concluded its two-day meeting with a bullish statement that downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth , said inflation has been `` running close '' to its target , and emphasized the strength of the labor market , in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June .
Spot gold was down 0.8 percent at $ 1,246.76 an ounce by 2:58 p.m. EDT ( 1858 GMT ) , after falling below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages and touching its lowest since April 5 at $ 1,244.93 .
U.S. gold futures settled down 0.7 percent at $ 1,248.50 .
`` The Fed 's apparent comfort with the first-quarter slowdown and its sanguine outlook has pressured gold back to day 's lows as the narrative of two more rate hikes this year remains robust , '' said Tai Wong , director of base and precious metals trading for BMO Capital Markets in New York .
`` Gold breaking down below the 50- and 200-day moving averages today suggests that further short term losses may be likely . ''
As well as reducing demand for non-interest bearing gold , higher rates would make the dollar-denominated metal more expensive for buyers paying with other currencies .
Traders are pricing in a 70 percent chance of a June rate increase , according to the CME Group 's FedWatch Tool .
`` Attention will now turn to Friday 's payrolls to get the ball rolling on that front , '' said Royce Mendes , director and senior economist at CIBC Capital Markets in Toronto .
The dollar index firmed 0.3 percent .
In the French elections , centrist Emmanuel Macron said French voters should expect verbal `` hand-to-hand '' combat when he and far-right candidate Marine Le Pen face off in a televised debate on Wednesday evening .
Fears that Le Pen could sweep to a surprise victory had buoyed gold in recent sessions due to its safe-haven appeal .
`` There is a clear lead by Macron ... so there is less need to hold gold , '' said Quantitative Commodity Research analyst Peter Fertig .
In other precious metals , spot silver was on track for its most technically oversold level on the 14-day relative strength index since November 2014 . It was down 1.4 percent at $ 16.567 per ounce , after touching the lowest since January 11 at $ 16.48 .
Platinum sank to $ 896.35 , the lowest in 2017 , before moderating to trade 2.1 percent lower at $ 903.25 .
Palladium slipped 1.9 percent to $ 799.25 . ( Additional reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru , editing by David Evans and Chizu Nomiyama )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALEXANDRIA , Va. -- As a gunman exchanged fire with Capitol Police officers defending a congressman and others at a Virginia baseball field Wednesday morning , local police swiftly set up a perimeter and called for more units .
Through dispatch audio posted to the archive section of the Broadcastify website , the timeline of the police and ambulance response unfolds .
The first dispatcher heard is sending units to a weapons violation call , someone with a gun . The man then calls fire units , saying , `` Fire response is authorized . Multiple calls . ''
Just a minute later , the dispatcher describes the scene to officers : `` Shots being fired and there are people running , possibly victims involved . ''
`` It 's coming from the baseball field , '' an officer says .
Another officer calls in to say he 's getting out of his car and will be on foot .
`` Set up a perimeter , '' someone shouts .
According to a statement from the FBI , Alexandria police received the first 911 call from the shooting , in which five people were wounded and the gunman was killed , at 7:09 a.m . ET . Police were on the scene three minutes later .
An officer tells dispatch , `` I still have shots being fired . ''
The dispatcher asks for available units to respond to the 400 block of East Monroe Avenue , where the gunfire continues .
Suddenly there is someone shouting what sounds like the words , `` Keep down . ''
It is unclear whether the person is at the baseball field .
About four minutes into the response , an officer who sounds out of breath says , `` 225 . We 've got one in custody . ''
Then another voice adds , `` One shooter . ''
The first officer says , `` We need medics , '' and indicates the shooter is down .
A dispatcher tries to pinpoint 225 's location and he tells them he is at the baseball field by the YMCA .
`` There 's also victim down in the baseball field , '' he says .
But the fire department official is hesitant to respond until he knows the shooting is over . The man tells the dispatcher to have units stage at a nearby fire station .
Reports come in about the wounded .
`` We have a total of five down , '' someone says .
A minute later , a person gives the OK for medics to come to the field .
One officer says there is someone with a gunshot wound to the leg .
`` I need medics in the dugout , I 've got one injured , '' another says .
An officer describes the injuries as two reds ( serious , life-threatening injuries ) and three yellows ( not immediately life-threatening ) . In addition to the five people who were shot , two others sustained secondary injuries .
At the same time , fire officials are trying to figure out where a helicopter ambulance can land . There is a CVS/Aldi parking lot across the street . They 'll see whether that can work .
Emergency responders change their minds and ask the dispatcher to tell the medevac to land on the baseball field .
Clubs are back at Hayes High School and they are more popular than ever .
The clubs were implemented three years ago by Assistant Principal Rex Reeder along with the House system at Hayes to give students something to look forward to and to give them avenues to meet new people outside of their usual social circles .
On Friday , clubs met for the first time this school year and will continue to meet every other Friday during a period that would normally be used for study hall .
Reeder said when the clubs were started three years ago , they were broad topics , like movie club or art club , but over time they 've grown to be more specific . Reeder said there are now very niche clubs like Political Science Club , Coffee Shop Music Club and four different film clubs — Film and TV , American Film , Spanish Film , and Sports Movie club .
“ It 's always interesting to the see clubs change , ” Reeder said . “ We have a lot of different interests in the building . It 's about the evolution of the community . We are always talking about ways to bring people together and it 's just real interesting for students to meet other classmates . ”
One popular new club is Mindful Soap Carving , which is taught by art teacher Cynthia Vaught .
Vaught said the club is simply about students blocking out distractions and just focusing on carving something out of a bar of soap .
According to Vaught , she had had students doing soap carving in her classes before the club was established and when she was coming up with her club one of her students , Kaiden Murphy , suggested soap carving .
“ I got really excited and yelled ‘ soap carving ! ' ” Murphy laughed Friday . “ Last year I was in [ Vaught 's ] 3D design class and one of the projects was soap carving . I had really bad anxiety and stress and the carving helped me relax and a lot of my grades got better . ”
Murphy said she frequently does soap carving at home to relax and said she hopes at least some of the 32 students in the class will pick up soap carving as a hobby .
Another new and popular club is Conspiracy Club , which focuses on students researching various conspiracy theories . One of the conspiracy club advisors , Seth Frentsos , said he always talks about conspiracy theories in his world studies class and one of his students said he should host a club on it .
“ It 's been so much fun , ” Frentsos said . Frentsos said the course is a great way to get students to do research and said students will form groups and make presentations about their research into various conspiracies .
Reeder said the conspiracy club had so many students register to join that it had to be split between two different periods , with a total of 75 students .
Junior Kaiden Murphy carves soap in the Mindful Soap Carving Club last Friday at Hayes High School . Clubs resumed for the third year at Hayes . The clubs will meet every other Friday for the remainder of the school year , according to Assistant Principal Rex Reeder . http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2017/12/web1_DSC_0979.jpg Junior Kaiden Murphy carves soap in the Mindful Soap Carving Club last Friday at Hayes High School . Clubs resumed for the third year at Hayes . The clubs will meet every other Friday for the remainder of the school year , according to Assistant Principal Rex Reeder . Glenn Battishill | The Gazette Students in the Conspiracy Club begin to do research about their chosen conspiracies and make plans to present them to the rest of the club . http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2017/12/web1_DSC_0983.jpg Students in the Conspiracy Club begin to do research about their chosen conspiracies and make plans to present them to the rest of the club . Glenn Battishill | The Gazette
Topics reflect evolution of school community
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill @ aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Glenn Battishill at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
Contact Glenn Battishill at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
He was among lawyers who argued over a nine-year legal battle that Ottawa owed the same duty of care to those students once the province joined Confederation in 1949 . More than 100 class members died waiting for a resolution and to hear someone say they 're sorry .
Danny Pottle , who lived in a Labrador school dormitory in North West River , said last year an apology was more important than any cash settlement .
`` I think those experiences have to be validated by Prime Minister Trudeau on behalf of everybody in Canada , '' he said in an interview . `` To me , that 's the most important thing , and that 's what other people have told me all along .
`` That apology is first and foremost . ''
The $ 50-million settlement was approved by a judge in September 2016 . Aboriginal students who attended the schools after the province joined Confederation in 1949 were eligible to apply for compensation so long as they were alive as of Nov. 23 , 2006 — one year before litigation began . The estates of those who died since the 2006 cutoff could also apply .
Students who lived in school residences for less than five years were eligible for $ 15,000 in general compensation , while those who lived there five years or more could receive $ 20,000 . Approval was based on a streamlined , trust-based application process overseen by a judge .
One in 10 applications is to be randomly audited .
Cooper said Friday that about 965 people applied for general compensation and that cheques went out in June .
Compensation for sexual or significant physical abuse , based on sworn testimony , could be up to $ 200,000 . Those matters are expected to wrap up this month , Cooper said .
The schools were located in North West River , Cartwright , Nain and Makkovik — all in Labrador — and in St. Anthony , in northern Newfoundland . The International Grenfell Association ran three of the schools , while the Germany-based Moravian missionaries ran the other two .
Lawyers from three firms who worked on nine applications over most of a decade were to receive about one-third of the $ 50-million settlement . Several students who attended a related briefing last year in St. John 's said it was fair payment .
`` It 's the most important case I 'll ever work on , and I 'm 54 and 30 years in as a lawyer , '' Cooper said .
`` It 's so important for survivors in these situations , I 've learned over the years , to be heard and believed . ''
The Canadian Press
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO , June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday , a Nebraska meat company said , just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports , ending a 14-year ban .
Agrokor logo is seen at the company 's headquarters in Zagreb , Croatia , March 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
ZAGREB Croatia passed an emergency law on Thursday aimed at protecting the economy from big company failures as Agrokor , the country 's largest private firm , seeks to resolve its debt crisis .
The centre-right majority in parliament approved the law , which will be implemented if Agrokor [ AGROK.UL ] fails to reach a deal with banks and suppliers on a cash injection and restructuring .
Under the law , devised to deal with problems at companies with at least 5,000 employees and debts of 1 billion euros ( $ 1.07 billion ) , the state will be able to appoint an executive to steer a restructuring at the request of a debtor or at creditors ' request with the company 's agreement .
The law envisages a company reaching a restructuring deal within 15 months .
Agrokor is the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans with 60,000 employees . It accumulated debts of about 45 billion kunas ( $ 6.4 billion ) , or six times its equity , as it expanded rapidly , notably in Croatia , Serbia , Slovenia and Bosnia .
Agrokor , whose annual income equals 15 percent of Croatia 's gross domestic product , struck a deal on Sunday with six lenders led by Russia 's Sberbank and VTB to freeze debt repayments and get an unspecified cash injection .
In line with that , a restructuring expert was appointed to rescue the business . Antonio Alvarez III , of consultants Alvarez & Marsal , said on Tuesday there was no guarantee that the company could be saved .
Alvarez said on Thursday that his team had met representatives of six banks , including Austria 's Erste Bank and Raiffeisenbank and Italy 's Intesa Sanpaolo and UniCredit , to discuss providing Agrokor with more financial backing .
`` A decision depends on approval by boards in each of those institutions and procedures are now on a fast track ... The company is considering all available options , '' Agrokor said in a statement .
Local food firms that supply Agrokor 's retail chain Konzum , which controls 30 percent of the local market , are owed 16 billion kunas and they fear demands for payment could be affected by the restructuring .
One of the main problems between the banks and suppliers is factoring of promissory notes which suppliers received from Agrokor for delivered goods and then exchanged for cash , which the banks are seeking to get back from suppliers as they can not be repaid by Agrokor .
`` If there is no deal with banks today , we would support any other solution that leads towards helping suppliers to survive in all this , '' said Alen Fontana , chief executive of local dairy Dukat . Suppliers could be forced to stop delivering goods to Agrokor within the next 24 hours , he said .
Opposition lawmakers in parliament criticised the new law , saying it would favour creditors at the expense of small suppliers and could threaten the state budget if the government is forced to guarantee liquidity injections to avert a corporate failure .
The Zagreb police force said in a statement on Thursday that it had launched an enquiry into Agrokor , but declined to provide any details .
Local media reported that the police action came after parliament 's speaker Bozo Petrov said last Friday that he had asked the Zagreb state attorney 's office to investigate Agrokor 's owner , local businessman Ivica Todoric , about alleged irregularities in Agrokor 's financial reports . Agrokor declined to comment .
Croatia 's central bank governor said on Thursday that the Agrokor crisis will hurt the country 's economy this year , but could not yet determine by how much .
( Reporting by Igor Ilic ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
* Falling U.S. crude stocks offer some support to crude prices
* But rising production , surge in gasoline stocks weigh
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE , April 20 Oil prices regained some ground on Thursday after steep losses the previous day , with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a push to rein in global oversupply could be gathering at least some momentum .
Brent crude futures were at $ 53.31 per barrel at 0108 GMT , up 38 cents , or 0.72 percent , from their last close .
U.S. West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures had risen 31 cents , or 0.61 percent , to $ 50.75 a barrel .
Traders said that the gains came on the back of a reduction in commercial U.S. crude stocks , which fell by 1 million barrels last week to 532.34 million barrels , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) C-STK-T-EIA . However , that level was still near a record high .
Price increases came after both crude benchmarks fell over 3.5 percent the previous day following a report of surging gasoline inventories and another rise in U.S. crude oil production to 9.25 million barrels per day ( bpd ) , up almost 10 percent since mid-2016 C-OUT-T-EIA .
U.S. gasoline stocks posted a counter-seasonal build of 1.5 million barrels , despite heavier refining activity .
`` The U.S. has now entered a seasonal period in which stockpiles are reduced during the summer driving season , hence the unexpected miss weighed heavily on prices , '' James Wood , investment analyst with Rivkin Securities , said in a note . ( Reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Joseph Radford )
POUGHKEEPSIE , N.Y. — Takal Molson and Jermaine Crumpton posted double-doubles and Canisius used a late surge to take a 73-67 victory over Marist on Friday night .
Molson had 21 points and 10 rebounds and Crumpton 18 points and a career-high 16 boards for the Golden Griffins ( 14-9 , 8-2 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference ) , who bounced back from a loss to Niagara to win for the fifth time in six starts . Isaiah Reese added 21 points . Crumpton 's double-double is a career first ; Molson 's is his second .
The Red Foxes ( 5-18 , 3-8 ) had led the entire second half , by as many as 11 , when Canisius took the lead on Jibreel Faulkner 's dunk with 5:35 to go . An 8-0 spurt extended the Griffins ' lead to 71-62 with 37 seconds remaining .
Marist outshot Canisius 53 to 35 per cent but had 24 turnovers .
April 20 Singapore Medical Group
* Entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Wong Seng Weng
* Deal to acquire 50,000 shares in Cancer Centre representing 10 % of total issued and paid-up share capital of Cancer Centre Pte Ltd
* Consideration for proposed acquisition was determined to be S $ 2.92 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
OTTAWA The number of seniors in Canada exceeded the number of children for the first time last year , Statistics Canada said on Wednesday , pointing to the economic and social challenges facing the nation as the population ages .
The latest census release showed there were 5.9 million Canadians aged 65 and older in 2016 , accounting for 16.9 percent of the total population , while there were 5.8 million children aged 14 and under , making up 16.6 percent of the population .
Aging baby boomers drove the changing mix in population , as did higher life expectancies and low fertility rates , the report said .
Canada , like many developed countries , is facing a shifting demographic landscape , and economists expect it will have to depend on immigration to maintain economic growth as its citizens age .
An aging population also means Canada will need to boost its productivity to drive the economy , something the country has struggled with , said Paul Ferley , assistant chief economist at Royal Bank of Canada .
`` If there are fewer workers available , it can put pressure on businesses to increase productivity , '' Ferley said . `` The big question mark ( is ) in terms of whether they will be successful or not . ''
While most Western economies are confronting an aging workforce , the situation in Canada is not seen as being as acute as it is in Europe and Japan , Ferley said .
In 2016 , Canada had a lower proportion of seniors than any of its Group of Seven peers except for the United States , the report said , though it noted the rapidly aging population means the proportion of seniors could eventually equal the level in Japan .
Japan has the oldest population in the world , with one in four people 65 years of age or older . Seniors could account for close to one in four Canadians by 2031 , the statistics agency forecast .
( Reporting by Leah Schnurr ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
LONDON Four people have been bailed until mid October as part of an inquiry into allegations of bribery involving Britain 's biggest housebuilder Barratt , police said on Wednesday .
Barratt said in October it had suspended its London Regional Manager Alastair Baird after an investigation into alleged misconduct in the awarding and managing of contracts .
Baird and a second former Barratt employee were arrested at the time , the company said .
In November , police also arrested a 47-year-old man and a 49-year-old woman on suspicion of bribery and said in January that all four had been bailed until April .
On Wednesday , officers said bail had been extended until later this year .
`` They have all been bailed until mid October 2017 , '' London police said in an emailed statement .
The investigation is being led by officers from the Complex Fraud Team , part of FALCON - the police response to Fraud and Linked Crime Online .
Barratt declined to comment when contacted by Reuters .
( Reporting by Costas Pitas ; editing by Stephen Addison )
TOKYO Japan condemned a North Korean ballistic missile test launch on Saturday as absolutely unacceptable and a violation of U.N. resolutions , and it lodged a strong protest .
Japanese government spokesman Yoshihide Suga said he had been in touch with Prime Minister Abe , who is travelling in Europe , and officials were gathering information about the missile test , which appeared to have failed shortly after launch .
( Reporting by Malcolm Foster ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
April 10 Therapeuticsmd Inc
* Therapeuticsmd provides tx-004hr regulatory update
* Therapeuticsmd Inc - on April 7 , received a letter from fda
* Therapeuticsmd-FDA says as part of review of tx-004hr nda , has identified deficiencies preclude discussion of labeling , postmarketing requirements/at this time
* Therapeuticsmd inc - letter states that notification does not reflect a final decision on information under review
* Therapeuticsmd Inc - letter does not specify deficiencies identified by FDA and at this time company is not aware of nature of deficiencies
* Therapeuticsmd Inc - intends to work with fda to understand nature of deficiencies and resolve them as quickly as possible Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
AUGUSTA , Ga. ( WJBF ) – The man accused of setting an Augusta restaurant on fire was in court Friday morning .
Roland Evan Croyle pleaded not guilty aggravated assault and arson charges at the arraignment .
Croyle is accused of driving his SUV into the Twin Peaks restaurant back in June , then igniting kerosene cans .
Nobody was hurt .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
Embattled coach Ed Orgeron was clearly the focal point of all the heat . Orgeron held a meeting with team leaders , who then had the first of two players-only sessions . Athletic director Joe Alleva also met with Orgeron , offensive co-ordinator Matt Canada and defensive co-ordinator Dave Aranda to iron out differences . Orgeron got involved with the offence during the 24-21 loss to Troy and wanted to simplify Canada 's scheme by reducing pre-snap motions .
Alleva `` wanted to know what was going on , what we could do better , '' said Orgeron , who 's in his first season after serving as interim coach in 2016 . `` Let 's all get on the same page . It was a very positive meeting . ''
Florida , which has endured its own issues this season , kept track from afar .
`` They 're just trying to set the Gators up , right ? '' coach Jim McElwain said . `` Anytime there 's a transition , you go through a learning curve . These guys will be coming in here crazed , nuts , ready to go to prove all the naysayers or whatever you want to do , but that 's why you play . ''
___
Here are some other things to know about LSU and Florida :
GETTING HEALTHY : LSU expects to have several key players back this week , including Guice , defensive end Rashard Lawrence and nose tackle Ed Alexander . Senior right tackle Toby Weathersby , who also did not play last week , is questionable .
FRANKS RETURNS : Florida quarterback Feleipe Franks , who was once committed to LSU , regains his starting job this week following a season-ending injury to Luke Del Rio . Franks started the first three games of the season , but was benched in two of those .
LINE ITEMS : LSU 's offensive line has been a glaring weak spot the past three games and faces a tough test at Florida . Against Troy , the Tigers started two freshmen — right guard Ed Ingram and right tackle Saahdiq Charles — on the offensive line for the first time since 1986 .
CLEVELAND OUT : Florida will be without big-play receiver Tyrie Cleveland because of a high-ankle sprain to his right foot . Cleveland leads the team in every receiving category , recording 15 catches , 326 yards and two touchdowns .
RECORD WATCH : The Gators can break an NCAA record Saturday by scoring in their 366th consecutive game . Florida is currently tied with Michigan , which set the mark between 1984 and 2014 . The Gators have n't been shut out since a 16-0 loss to Auburn on Oct. 29 , 1988 .
___
More AP college football : www.collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Mark Long , The Associated Press
SYDNEY A group backed by KKR & Co ( KKR.N ) said on Friday it would not undertake further work on a takeover offer for Australia 's Tatts Group Ltd ( TTS.AX ) after its A $ 6.15 billion ( £3.56 billion ) cash bid was rejected by the lottery operator 's board .
Tatts shares fell as much as 4.8 percent to A $ 4.23 after Pacific Consortium said it would halt work on its bid , lowering the prospects of a higher offer emerging to compete with an agreed deal between Tatts and Tabcorp Holdings Ltd ( TAH.AX ) .
Tatts is a prized asset due to its lucrative and reliable lotteries income and its monopoly licences . It also owns a smaller wagering business that competes against Tabcorp , the nation 's largest betting operator .
`` Given the current approach of the Tatts board the consortium does not intend to undertake further work on its proposal , '' Pacific Consortium Chairwoman Kerry Schott said in a statement .
The Tabcorp bid valued Tatts at A $ 4.249 at the close of trade on Thursday , compared with the A $ 4.21 price of the Pacific Consortium bid .
Tatts on Friday said it had determined the Pacific Consortium bid was not superior to the Tabcorp offer and therefore it could not offer due diligence access .
Australia 's competition watchdog is due to rule on the Tabcorp offer in mid-June , unless the timetable is extended . A negative decision could trigger a new approach from Pacific Consortium , said a source familiar with the situation who was not authorised to speak publicly about the matter .
`` I think everyone keeps their powder dry now until the Australian Competition Tribunal ( ACT ) decision , '' said Charlie Green , a director at Hunter Green Institutional Broking which owns Tatts shares .
The ACT will consider public interest benefits as well as the impact on competition in its decision on the Tabcorp deal .
`` What happens if Tabcorp do n't get the approval and they have to pull out ? Pacific sits back and says we do n't need to pay near what we did before , ” said Gabriel Radzyminski , managing director of activist investor Sandon Capital .
`` That is part of the risk for Tatts , '' he said , adding that he was disappointed Tatts did not offer due diligence access to the Pacific Consortium .
Pacific Consortium includes Macquarie Group Ltd ( MQG.AX ) , Morgan Stanley Infrastructure and First State Superannuation Scheme . Tatts in December rejected an initial proposal from the group .
Tatts and Tabcorp in October said their agreed merger would offer A $ 130 million a year in synergies .
A Tabcorp spokesman declined to comment .
( $ 1 = 1.3392 Australian dollars )
( Reporting by Jamie Freed ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
March 30 Six Flags Entertainment Corp
* Six Flags Entertainment Corp -announced commencement of a cash tender offer for any and all of its outstanding 5.25 percent senior notes due 2021
* Commencement of a cash tender offer for any and all of its outstanding 5.25 percent senior notes due 2021 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday as gains for the tech and industrial sectors countered weakness in auto and energy stocks and investors digested a heavy day of earnings reports .
Ford ( F.N ) shares dropped 4.4 percent and General Motors ( GM.N ) fell 2.9 percent , as major automakers posted declines in U.S. new vehicle sales for April .
After the market closed , Apple ( AAPL.O ) shares fell more than 1 percent after the company reported a surprise drop in iPhone sales for the quarter . Apple shares had gained 0.6 percent during regular trading ahead of the report .
Investors also were awaiting other significant events later in the week , including Wednesday 's expected statement from the Federal Reserve , which began meeting on Tuesday , and Friday 's U.S. employment report .
The Fed is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates , but may offer hints on the possibility of a rate hike in June .
The benchmark S & P 500 .SPX is approaching record highs during an earnings season that has generally exceeded expectations .
Overall , profits at S & P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.9 percent in the first quarter , the most since 2011 , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
`` The technicals in general look good for the S & P , '' said Bucky Hellwig , senior vice president at BB & T Wealth Management in Birmingham , Alabama . `` The fundamentals are improving , particularly as the earnings season unfolds here . ''
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 36.43 points , or 0.17 percent , to 20,949.89 , the S & P 500 .SPX gained 2.83 points , or 0.12 percent , to 2,391.16 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 3.76 points , or 0.06 percent , to 6,095.37 .
The technology sector .SPLRCT rose 0.3 percent , its fourth straight day of gains . Industrials .SPLRCI gained 0.5 percent , helped by airlines shares after Delta ( DAL.N ) said its passenger unit revenue increased 1 percent in April .
Energy shares .SPNY fell 0.5 percent as oil prices weakened .
The S & P 500 has climbed 11.8 percent since President Donald Trump 's Nov. 8 election , fueled by hopes for his plans for tax cuts , deregulation and infrastructure spending , though investors have questioned his ability to enact his agenda .
`` The administration continues to issue tons of contradictory or hard-to-understand proposals and ideas and I think it has left this market a little bit confused about next steps , '' said Rick Meckler , president of investment firm LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City , New Jersey .
In earnings news , Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD.O ) tumbled 24.4 percent after the chipmaker 's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns . The stock was the biggest percentage decliner in the S & P 500 .
Archer Daniels Midland ( ADM.N ) sank 8.9 percent and CVS Health ( CVS.N ) fell 3.6 percent after their respective quarterly reports .
Coach ( COH.N ) shares rose 11.4 percent , making it the biggest gainer on the S & P , as the handbag maker cut back on discounting in the United States and sold more expensive bags .
Advancing and declining issues were roughly even on the NYSE , while on Nasdaq , a 1.26-to-1 ratio favored decliners .
The S & P 500 posted 47 new 52-week highs and 9 new lows ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 145 new highs and 51 new lows .
About 7 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges , above the 6.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions .
( Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler )
Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - German fourth seed Alexander Zverev upset Roger Federer 6-3 6-4 in the Rogers Cup final in Montreal on Sunday to join the Swiss right-hander as the most trophy-laden player on the ATP Tour this year with five titles .
The 20-year-old German , who arrived in Montreal fresh off his triumph in Washington , proved up for the task right out of the gate as he had the Swiss second seed on his heels from the start on a sun-kissed afternoon .
Zverev was poised and aggressive off the ground to create space for his power game and displayed some short-angled winners off thumping forehands and backhands to grab an early break for a 3-1 lead . He consolidated for a 4-1 lead and ultimately closed out the opening set after a mere 30 minutes .
Federer started to find his groove early in the second set but suddenly appeared out of sorts while Zverev broke in the seventh game to pull ahead 4-3 and then held on for a surprise win that took 68 minutes .
The win improved Zverev to 5-1 in finals this year with the only defeat coming at the hands of Federer at Halle . ( Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto )
April 12 The following table shows rates for Asian currencies against the dollar at 0146 GMT . CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0146 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 109.510 109.6 +0.08 Sing dlr 1.402 1.4033 +0.08 Taiwan dlr 30.660 30.650 -0.03 Korean won 1147.200 1145.8 -0.12 Baht 34.520 34.561 +0.12 Peso 49.660 49.635 -0.05 Rupiah 13290.000 13280 -0.08 Rupee 64.490 64.49 +0.00 Ringgit 4.430 4.431 +0.02 Yuan 6.898 6.8903 -0.11 Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 109.510 117.07 +6.90 Sing dlr 1.402 1.4490 +3.34 Taiwan dlr 30.660 32.279 +5.28 Korean won 1147.200 1207.70 +5.27 Baht 34.520 35.80 +3.71 Peso 49.660 49.72 +0.12 Rupiah 13290.000 13470 +1.35 Rupee 64.490 67.92 +5.32 Ringgit 4.430 4.4845 +1.23 Yuan 6.898 6.9467 +0.70 ( Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
March 30 Anhui Anke Biotechnology Group Co Ltd :
* Says co 's wholly owned unit plans to invest 10 million yuan to set up health industry investment LP with partners and will hold a 49.3097 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/ddfEOQ
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 20 BB & T Corp
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.74 excluding items
* BB & T reports strong first quarter earnings ; driven by record quarterly revenues and expense control
* Q1 revenue rose 9.1 percent to $ 2.8 billion
* Qtrly taxable-equivalent revenues were $ 2.8 billion for Q1 , up $ 52 million from Q4 of 2016
* Qtrly average loans and leases held for investment were $ 142.0 billion compared to $ 142.3 billion for Q4 of 2016
* Qtrly tier 1 risk-based capital was 12.0 percent versus 12.2 percent last year
* Qtrly average deposits were $ 161.4 billion compared to $ 160.1 billion for prior quarter
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.46
* During quarter , terminated $ 2.9 billion of higher-cost FHLB advances , resulting in a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of $ 0.30 per diluted share
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.73 , revenue view $ 2.78 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 taxable equivalent net interest income $ 1,649 mln vs. $ 1,568 mln last year
* Qtrly excluding purchased credit impaired loans , provision for credit losses was $ 146 mln vs $ 133 mln for prior quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The logo of Publicis Groupe is seen at the company 's headquarters in Paris , France , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
PARIS France 's Publicis ( PUBP.PA ) said on Thursday it suffered less than expected in the first quarter from past losses on big U.S. media accounts , prompting it to see a recovery in the second half of this year .
The world 's third-largest advertising group said its underlying sales dropped by 1.2 percent over the first three months of the year to 2.33 billion euros ( £1.95 billion ) , beating a Reuters poll of a drop of 1.9 percent .
Underlying sales dropped by 5 percent in North America alone over the period , dragging down the total and highlighting the tough environment existing for ad companies in the U.S .
`` Instability continues to prevail in the international environment , causing companies to proceed with great caution despite strong balance sheets , '' Publicis ' chief executive Maurice Levy said .
Omnicom ( OMC.N ) , the second-largest advertising company , reported slower-than-expected growth in North America on Tuesday , which hit its shares .
The world 's number one advertising group , WPP ( WPP.L ) , will report first-quarter net sales on April 27 .
Levy said in a briefing with reporters that he expected Publicis ' growth rate to be `` in line with the market '' in the second half of 2017 .
The group 's underlying sales growth should start to be higher than market average in the second half of next year , he added .
In its statement , the group said it stuck to targets set out under its strategic plan for 2018 , including a yearly operating margin of 17.3 to 19.3 percent . Last year , Publicis ' operating margin stood at 15.6 percent .
The group is preparing for change at the top when Levy hands over in June to 45-year-old Arthur Sadoun , who oversees its creative agencies including Saatchi & Saatchi and Leo Burnett .
Levy is set to become Publicis ' new chairman , replacing Elisabeth Badinter , pending the formal approval by shareholders at the annual general meeting on May 31 .
( Reporting by Mathieu Rosemain and Gwenaelle Barzic ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
UPDATE 1-Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit
* Argues sale can not be made without its consent ( Adds comment from Western Digital CEO )
April 2 Miami Open winner Roger Federer said on Sunday he will probably skip the upcoming European clay court season except for the French Open .
Federer , 35 , wants to give his body a chance to recover over the next two months before the three grand slam championships that come in quick succession .
“ I want to stay healthy because when I 'm healthy and feeling good I can produce tennis like this , ” the 18-times grand slam champion said in a courtside interview after defeating Rafa Nadal .
“ I 'm not 24 anymore so things have to change in a big way and I probably wo n't play any clay court events except the French . I need a rest , my body needs healing . I need time to prepare . ”
There are four big ATP clay events before the French Open starts in May -- in Monte Carlo , Madrid , Barcelona and Rome .
Federer , who missed the second half of last year recovering from knee surgery , has made a rousing return to the court in 2017 , winning three of the four tournaments he has contested , including the Australian Open .
Though no pushover on clay , it is not his best surface .
Of his grand slam titles , 10 have come on hardcourt ( five Australian Opens and five U.S . Opens ) , seven on grass at Wimbledon and just one on clay , the 2009 French Open .
Federer said he was confident he could continue to produce top tennis as long as his body co-operated .
“ When I 'm healthy and I 'm feeling good , I can produce tennis like this . If I 'm not feeling this good there 's no chance I would be in the final competing with Rafa .
“ That 's why this break coming into clay court season and focusing everything on the French , the grass ( Wimbledon ) and then the hardcourts ( U.S. Open ) is going to be the key to me. ” ( Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary , North Carolina , editing by Gene Cherry )
Toronto police have their suspect — but they 're still looking for a motive .
Alek Minassian , the man accused of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday , was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder .
The 25-year-old is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder .
Minassian , who was wearing a white jumpsuit with his hands cuffed behind him , appeared attentive during the brief hearing . His next court appearance will be a bail hearing on May 10 .
Investigators are still trying to determine the motive behind the attack , which left 10 people dead and 15 hurt .
“ Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened , what could possibly be the motive behind it , ” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday .
So far , officials are n't calling the attack an act of terrorism . “ There would appear to be no national security connection , ” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said .
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said “ it 's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate . ”
The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon , swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk .
Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call , Saunders said .
He said Toronto authorities had n't had previous contact with the 25-year-old suspect . But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the case said Minassian was known to authorities .
Clue emerges from Facebook
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian , CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said .
A message posted on the account earlier Monday read : “ All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger ! ”
Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014 . Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Investigators said Rodger was motivated to carry out his attack by a personal grievance related to his immersion in the extremist ideological subculture of men 's rights activists , who believe women do n't actually want gender equality and have been brainwashed by feminist propaganda .
A mile-long scene of carnage
Authorities said Minassian left a trail of destruction nearly a mile long , north of midtown Toronto .
“ Based on witness accounts , we have a vehicle that started north on Yonge Street from Finch ( Avenue ) and drove southbound at some point in times on sidewalks , at some point in times driving southbound in northbound lanes , ” Saunders said , adding that it appeared to be a deliberate act .
DawaNet , a Canadian Muslim organization , started a GoFundMe page aiming to raise $ 1 million for the victims and their families . By Tuesday afternoon , the fund had raised more than $ 55,000 .
‘ Scene from a war zone '
Diego DeMatos was one of the good Samaritans who tried to save victims .
DeMatos said he was driving north on Yonge when he saw the van driving fast southbound . He said he saw the van hit a man and a woman .
“ Blood started gushing out of his head , and she was bleeding really badly , too , ” DeMatos told CNN .
At first , he thought the collision was a hit-and-run . But then he noticed four to five victims on the ground as he drove a few meters further .
DeMatos said he stopped to help another victim , who was already being aided by someone .
“ I went over to try to perform CPR on him . … He died in our arms , ” DeMatos said .
“ It was like a scene from a war zone . There were garbage cans everywhere , broken bus shelters and mailboxes on the ground . ”
A dramatic arrest
Cell phone video obtained by CNN partner CTV appears to show a tense standoff with a suspect after the incident . Police have not said whether the person in the video was Minassian .
The footage appears to show a man standing in front of a white van with a damaged front bumper . The man is yelling and extending one arm , pointing an object at an officer standing behind a black car .
The officer has his weapon drawn and pointed at the man . The officer slowly steps toward him and yells “ Get down , get down ! ”
Later in the video , the man is seen on the ground and the officer is cuffing his hands behind him ; the object can be seen lying on the ground off to the side .
As for whether the suspect had a weapon , “ There 's nothing that indicates he has a gun , ” Saunders said .
Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims . He thanked first responders , who he said “ faced danger without hesitation , and their efforts no doubt saved lives and prevented further injuries . ”
FILE PHOTO - A logo of Ant Financial is displayed at the Ant Financial event in Hong Kong , China November 1 , 2016 . REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
BEIJING China 's Ant Financial tried to soothe security concerns about its proposed $ 880 million takeover MoneyGram International Inc on Thursday , saying it intends to store U.S. user data locally once the deal closes .
The finance affiliate of Internet giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will meet MoneyGram 's existing security infrastructure standards and invest in U.S. jobs , Ant 's head of international strategy Douglas Feagin said .
`` Any data collected on MoneyGram users in the U.S. will continue to reside on the same ironclad U.S.-based servers that meet the high security standards your customers trust today , '' Feagin said in an open letter .
Ant agreed to buy MoneyGram in January , but last month Kansas-based Euronet Worldwide Inc made a rival offer and called on the U.S. government to scrutinize Ant 's bid over `` significant national security risks . ''
Euronet chief Michael Brown said Chinese ownership could compromise the relationship between law enforcement and MoneyGram when investigating money laundering and `` terrorist financing '' .
But Feagin said on Thursday that Ant plans to invest in global compliance measures and anti-money laundering programs .
Ant 's bid comes amid heightened tension between China and the United States over trade . It will be subject to a review by the Committee on Foreign Investment ( CFIUS ) , a U.S. inter-agency panel that reviews foreign acquisitions for national security risks which has scuttled recent Chinese deals .
Dallas-based MoneyGram is one of the biggest firms in the global remittance market , offering services in around 350,000 stores across 200 countries . It would provide Ant with a coveted network of financial partnerships and form a lynchpin in their international strategy .
Over the past six months Ant has acquired strategic interests in payment firms in Thailand , South Korea and the Philippines , adding to existing investments in India . It plans to announce at least two further deals in Asia this year .
Euronet 's initial proposal is valued at about $ 1 billion and MoneyGram has said it will carefully consider the offer .
JOHANNESBURG , April 10 South Africa 's bourse will investigate an increase in the trading of certain securities in the hours before former finance minister Pravin Gordhan was recalled from an international investor roadshow , BusinessDay newspaper reported on Monday .
On March 27 , news broke that President Jacob Zuma had ordered Gordhan to return immediately from a trip to Britain and the United States . Gordhan was later dismissed in a cabinet reshuffle .
The newspaper reported that the Johannesburg Securities Exchange was examining trading in securities that were affected by news of the recall .
Officials at the exchange would not initially confirm or deny the report when contacted by Reuters .
The report said that the exchange would seek to identify activity that might warrant further investigation by the Financial Services Board 's market abuse department .
`` The news precipitated material moves in the value of numerous listed securities including currency futures , '' the exchange 's director of market regulation Shaun Davies is quoted as saying by the paper .
Davies declined to say which securities were being investigated , but it is likely that banking stocks will be among them , the BusinessDay said .
The rand weakened by about 2.5 percent ahead of the news , according to Thomson Reuters data , falling further after the recall was confirmed .
Speculation of large bets on currency futures at around the same time also surfaced , causing market watchers to speculate the currency was being `` shorted '' , local media reported .
Short-selling refers to the selling of instruments that have been borrowed , in anticipation of a fall in prices . ( Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana ; Editing by James Macharia )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - - SHAREHOLDER NEIL WOODFORD SAYS COMPANY “ HAS BEEN A POOR INVESTMENT ” BUT “ NOT A MISTAKE TO OWN IT NOW ”
* WOODFORD SAYS BACKS NEW CAPITA CEO ‘ S PLAN TO OVERHAUL BUSINESS
* WOODFORD SAYS UK MARKET IS “ INSENSITIVE TO VALUATION ” , ENVIRONMENT TO REMAIN CHALLENGING FOR HIS FUNDS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Simon Jessop and Carolyn Cohn )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Play3 Night ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Play3 Night '' game were :
2-6-5
( two , six , five )
May 2 Sino Great Wall Co Ltd
* Says it expects H1 net profit up 30-50 percent y/y to 263.0-303.4 million yuan ( $ 38.15- $ 44.01 million )
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2p14irj
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8942 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
March 31 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Super Rugby matches on Friday RESULTS Highlanders ( New Zealand ) 51 Rebels ( Australia ) 12 STANDINGS P W D F A B Pts Australasian Group , New Zealand Conference 1 . Crusaders ( New Zealand ) 5 5 0 147 101 1 21 2 . Chiefs ( New Zealand ) 4 4 0 118 73 3 19 3 . Hurricanes ( New Zealand ) 4 3 0 213 64 3 15 4 . Highlanders ( New Zealand ) 6 3 0 142 132 2 14 5 . Blues ( New Zealand ) 5 2 0 156 122 3 11 Australasian Group , Australian Conference 1 . Brumbies ( Australia ) 5 2 0 101 91 3 11 2 . Waratahs ( Australia ) 5 2 0 113 158 0 8 3 . Reds ( Australia ) 5 1 0 89 140 2 6 4 . Western Force ( Australia ) 4 1 0 73 108 1 5 5 . Rebels ( Australia ) 5 0 0 75 237 1 1 Australasian Group 1 . Crusaders ( New Zealand ) 5 5 0 147 101 1 21 2 . Brumbies ( Australia ) 5 2 0 101 91 3 11 3 . Chiefs ( New Zealand ) 4 4 0 118 73 3 19 4 . Hurricanes ( New Zealand ) 4 3 0 213 64 3 15 5 . Highlanders ( New Zealand ) 6 3 0 142 132 2 14 6 . Blues ( New Zealand ) 5 2 0 156 122 3 11 7 . Waratahs ( Australia ) 5 2 0 113 158 0 8 8 . Reds ( Australia ) 5 1 0 89 140 2 6 9 . Western Force ( Australia ) 4 1 0 73 108 1 5 10 . Rebels ( Australia ) 5 0 0 75 237 1 1 South African Group , Africa 2 Conference 1 . Lions ( South Africa ) 5 4 0 193 130 3 19 2 . Jaguares ( Argentina ) 5 4 0 163 104 2 18 3 . Sharks ( South Africa ) 5 4 0 147 111 1 17 4 . Southern Kings ( South Africa ) 5 1 0 109 164 1 5 South African Group , Africa 1 Conference 1 . Stormers ( South Africa ) 4 4 0 154 90 1 17 2 . Cheetahs ( South Africa ) 5 2 0 141 166 1 9 3 . Bulls ( South Africa ) 4 1 0 100 130 1 5 4 . Sunwolves ( Japan ) 5 0 0 123 236 1 1 South African Group 1 . Lions ( South Africa ) 5 4 0 193 130 3 19 2 . Stormers ( South Africa ) 4 4 0 154 90 1 17 3 . Jaguares ( Argentina ) 5 4 0 163 104 2 18 4 . Sharks ( South Africa ) 5 4 0 147 111 1 17 5 . Cheetahs ( South Africa ) 5 2 0 141 166 1 9 6 . Bulls ( South Africa ) 4 1 0 100 130 1 5 7 . Southern Kings ( South Africa ) 5 1 0 109 164 1 5 8 . Sunwolves ( Japan ) 5 0 0 123 236 1 1 SATURDAY , APRIL 1 FIXTURES ( GMT ) Blues ( New Zealand ) v Western Force ( Australia ) ( 0415 ) Auckland Chiefs ( New Zealand ) v Bulls ( South Africa ) ( 0635 ) Hamilton Reds ( Australia ) v Hurricanes ( New Zealand ) ( 0845 ) Brisbane Stormers ( South Africa ) v Cheetahs ( South Africa ) ( 1305 ) Cape Town Lions ( South Africa ) v Sharks ( South Africa ) ( 1515 ) Johannesburg
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
“ Pray for Me ”
The Weeknd , Kendrick Lamar
Released Feb. 2
XO
“ Pray for Me ” begins passably with The Weeknd 's smooth voice over a dance beat , and only takes off when Kendrick Lamar begins the second verse . A muted , falsetto harmony underlying his rapping adds intensity to the basic instrumentals .
“ Get Out ”
CHVRCHES
Released Jan. 30
Virgin EMI Records
“ Get Out ” begins with the band 's characteristic synth and soprano vocals . While the chorus attempts to include more pure pop elements , thebeat is weak and the annoyingly simple lyrics repeat the phrase “ get out ” 12 times in 25 seconds .
“ Saturday Sun ”
Vance Joy
Released Feb. 1
Atlantic Records
Although Vance Joy 's buoyant vocals and ukulele are refreshing and upbeat , they are dragged down by a dull chorus .
“ Cool ”
Soccer Mommy
Released Jan. 30
Ambient guitar and frank , confrontational female vocals make “ Cool ” a riot grrrl track for those that prefer indie to punk . A strong , gritty bass line holds down the verses , and the final distorted guitar solo provides a powerful ending .
“ Get It ”
Busta Rhymes , Missy Elliot , Kelly Rowland
Released Feb. 2
Interscope Records
Missy Elliot is right when she raps , “ I am the one , no competition. ” A rhythmic backbone of claps let Elliot and Busta Rhymes take center stage with rapid-fire verses . Just when this formula begins to bore , the last 30 seconds go out with a burst of horns and hints of guitar .
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
BARCELONA Eldense provisionally suspended all sporting activities on Sunday , the day after a 12-0 thrashing by Barcelona B which was a joint-record defeat in the third tier of Spanish soccer .
Eldense , who are from the province of Valencia and were founded in 1921 , were relegated to the fourth tier with six games remaining after the Barça hammering and their distraught players were seen crying during the game .
The club announced drastic measures in the aftermath of that loss , the biggest in the third tier since Extremadura beat Portuense by the same score in May 1992 , saying they had cut ties with their investors and would not play again this season .
`` After today 's urgent meeting between the Club Deportivo Eldense 's board of directors ... the contract with the Italian investor group has been rescinded and the first team 's sporting activities have been provisionally suspended , '' read a club statement .
The Segunda Division B is administered by the Spanish soccer federation ( RFEF ) , which did not respond to requests for comment on what Eldense 's decision will mean for the teams still scheduled to play them this season .
Barcelona B are top of Group III of the regionalised Segunda Division B .
( Reporting by Richard Martin ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
March 31 Cosmos Group Co. , Ltd. :
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 0.8 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/BC4uLY
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
`` There is a palpable aura of danger around failures , '' he said . `` It is almost impossible for most people to separate those two meanings . ''
But that fear of failure can ultimately stifle creativity . `` Failure is a necessary consequence of doing something new , '' Catmull told the crowd at the Lot42 event space . `` You have to be open to the things that do n't work in order to make progress . ''
New problems arise continually . Creativity can be the measure of how we respond , he said .
One of the legacies that came from the making of 1995 's `` Toy Story '' — Pixar 's first feature and the first feature-length computer-animated film — was the `` brain trust , '' a group that meets every few weeks as a work-in-progress is presented in rough form .
The meetings are designed to allow peers to speak to peers , with the power structure removed from the room . Honesty is a must ; equal contributions from all are desired .
Catmull admitted the company does n't always live up to its own principles . Egos get in the way , and people learn to ignore each other .
But `` every once in a while , magic happens , '' he said . `` You feel ego disappear from the room . '' Attention turns to the problem at hand , and ideas come and go without a sense of personal attachment .
Catmull also shared memories of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , who bankrolled the spinoff of the Lucasfilm division that became Pixar in 1986 .
Early failures changed Jobs , and ultimately changed much of the bad behaviour that still came to characterize him , Catmull said . Jobs left Apple in 1985 , a year before he funded Pixar 's creation . It was a changed Jobs that made Apple great upon his return to the company in 1997 , said Catmull .
Jobs developed the ability to listen , and gained empathy , Catmull said . And when he changed , the people who were with him stayed with him for the rest of his life .
`` That part of the story was missed , '' Catmull said . `` Change in him was real , and it was deep . ''
The True North conference continues at Lot42 on Thursday .
bdavis @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ DavisRecord
bdavis @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ DavisRecord
Workers forced to clean needles , feces at State Capitol Park
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) — California safety inspectors have fined a state agency for failing to keep its groundskeepers safe while cleaning needles , feces and other trash from the park at the State Capitol in Sacramento .
The Sacramento Bee reported Tuesday that the Department of General Services was fined $ 3,270 for inadequately preparing its employees to clean needles and fecal matter in Capitol Park .
The Division of Occupational Safety and Health of California issued the fines after a three-month investigation . DGS employees complained they were asked to clean blood and fecal matter with pressure washers , potentially exposing them to disease .
The department has two weeks to appeal or pay the penalty .
* Dollar index dragged back down after popping to 3-week high
* Markets await US-China summit and its geopolitical implications
* Safe-haven buoyed as risk averse mood continues to linger
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO , April 6 The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies early on Thursday , weighed down by caution over the impending U.S.-China summit and geopolitical concerns .
The dollar index against a basket of major currencies was down 0.15 percent at 100.410 .
It had risen to a three-week high of 100.850 overnight on an upbeat U.S. ADP private sector employment report .
But the currency tumbled from the three-week high despite hawkish-sounding minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting , which showed most policymakers think the central bank should begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year .
`` Although the contents of the Fed minutes should have been supportive for the dollar , it was dragged down by ensuing price action in other markets , which saw equities react negatively to the minutes and Treasury yields fall , '' said Shusuke Yamada , senior strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Tokyo .
Wall Street shares reversed an earlier rally and slipped on Wednesday .
`` Geopolitical risks are also weighing on the dollar . The market is only starting to factor in recent developments regarding North Korea , and it now wants to figure out the geopolitical implications of the U.S.-China summit , '' Yamada said .
Regional tensions have risen after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday , just a day before a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping , where North Korea 's arms development drive will take centre stage .
Financial markets are nervous over the summit because of Trump 's constant criticism of China 's economic policies .
With the broader markets in a risk-averse mood , the Japanese yen gained on its perceived safe-haven status .
The dollar was down 0.3 percent at 110.390 yen , having slid from a high of 111.450 struck overnight .
The euro rose 0.2 percent to $ 1.0681 .
The pound added 0.1 percent to $ 1.2494 , after rising overnight on data showing growth in Britain 's services sector .
The Australian dollar was steady at $ 0.7566 while the New Zealand dollar rose 0.2 percent to $ 0.6977 . ( Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
MAIDUGURI , Nigeria Two female suicide bombers detonated explosives on the edge of a university campus in northeast Nigeria on Monday , blowing themselves up but causing no other casualties , disasters agency NEMA said .
The bombers detonated their vests close to the perimeter fence of the University of Maiduguri at around 04:00 a.m. ( 0300 GMT ) , a NEMA spokesman said .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility .
Maiduguri is the city that has been worst hit by an eight-year-old Islamist insurgency by the Boko Haram group . It was the second suicide bombing there in three days .
Two female bombers blew themselves up on Saturday at a mosque in the Jiddari Polo district on the edge of Maiduguri , injuring four people , said NEMA .
Attacks or attempted attacks bearing the hallmarks of Boko Haram in crowded areas , such as markets and refugee camps , have escalated since the end of the rainy season in late 2016 . Most have either been foiled or the suicide bombers managed only to blow themselves up .
( Reporting by Lanre Ola ; Writing by Alexis Akwagyiram ; editing by John Stonestreet )
BRUSSELS The European Parliament said on Wednesday that Brexit could be reversed , but if Britain pursued divorce from the EU it should first settle its bill and protect citizens ' rights before a new trade deal with the bloc can be discussed .
In a draft resolution published on the day that Britain formally triggered the two-year process to leave the European Union , senior EU lawmakers said there could be transitional arrangements to smooth the UK 's departure but they should not last more than three years .
Two London-based EU agencies , the European Banking Authority and the European Medicines Agency , must also move as soon as practicably possible , said the draft resolution .
The draft sets the European Parliament 's red lines on the conduct of EU divorce talks with Britain before a free trade pact can be tackled . The Strasbourg-based assembly will have a final say on any deal struck with Britain .
In casting the Brexit process as reversible , EU lawmakers were seen to be offering a concession to strengthen the hand of Britons who voted to stay in the EU in last year 's membership referendum , despite opposition from EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier to making any such reference .
Conservative British Prime Minister Theresa May declared on Wednesday there was no turning back from Brexit . Britons voted by a margin of 52 to 48 percent to leave the EU .
The EU parliament 's resolution , to be voted on by the entire chamber next week , stressed that even if Britons changed their mind they would not get a better deal than what they had as members of the world 's largest political and trade bloc .
Parliament president Antonio Tajani told a news conference that if Britain decided to reverse course , `` it can not do it alone ( as ) all member states need to decide whether it is possible ( too ) '' .
The EU parliament 's Brexit team , led by Belgian ex-prime minister Guy Verhofstadt , accepted that in case of Brexit there should be transitional provisions to ease the split but lasting no more than three years and `` strictly limited '' in scope .
GUARANTEES
Negotiations on such arrangements could start only after substantial progress is made on a withdrawal accord that should include a bill for Brexit , guarantees for EU citizens living in Britain and British nationals residing in EU countries , and legal certainties for companies , the document said .
`` Not reaching a deal on citizens ' rights means not reaching a deal at all , '' Tajani said . Three million EU citizens live in the UK and about 1 million British nationals in EU countries .
The EU 's parliament 's draft resolution said London 's Brexit bill should cover not just outstanding commitments to the bloc 's budget but also `` provision for off-balance sheet items , contingent liabilities and other financial costs that arise directly as a result of its withdrawal '' .
That raised the prospect of a tab even higher than the 60 billion euros ( £51.96 billion ) figure bandied about of late - an amount rejected by prominent pro-Brexit politicians in the UK .
Verhofstadt said it was possible to reach a withdrawal agreement and also one on the `` general terms of the future relationship '' within the two-year time frame of Brexit talks .
To that end , he said , Britain should recognise that the European Court of Justice will be the `` competent authority for the interpretation and enforcement of the withdrawal agreement '' .
That stance may not go down well in Britain , where many see a quick end of ECJ jurisdiction as critical to restoring complete national sovereignty after four decades in the EU .
( Editing by Mark Heinrich )
× Alberto sparks landslide threatening North Carolina dam
Heavy rains and a landslide in the western North Carolina mountains “ compromised the integrity ” of a dam and triggered urgent calls for mandatory evacuations .
The National Weather Service cited reports early Wednesday from McDowell County emergency management officials that “ water is spilling around the sides of Lake Tahoma dam . Evacuations ongoing south of the dam . ”
Emergency officials say the dam is “ at risk of imminent failure ” and the weather service extended a flash flood warning for central McDowell County until 12:30 p.m. EDT .
“ This is a life-threatening situation . Heed all evacuation orders immediately ! If you are not threatened by floodwaters , shelter in place . ”
Richelle Bailey , spokeswoman for McDowell County 's emergency management department , said state engineers were examining the dam on Wednesday morning . She said about 2,000 people live in the evacuation area and there are about 200 people in shelters .
A statement posted at 7:15 a.m. Wednesday on the McDowell County 911/Emergency Management Facebook page urged patience as workers inspect the structure in the morning hours .
“ We understand people are getting anxious concerning the length of the evacuation order . Please be patient as personnel are working as quickly as possible to determine whether the incident at Lake Tahoma has stabilized , ” the statement said
“ These inspections must be done during daylight hours . We will update everyone as soon as possible . Once again please be patient . Hundreds of emergency personnel have worked through the night conducting evacuations and swift water rescues . They continue to respond to calls for service related to this storm . ”
Bailey said that William Kehler , the county 's emergency services director , was to return home on Wednesday after serving on a team deployed to Hawaii to help emergency workers deal with the volcano there .
Landslides , evacuations , flooding
Alberto , the deadly subtropical depression drenching the Southeast , pounded the rugged mountains in North Carolina , spawning the landslides , evacuations and flash flooding .
The National Weather Service warned residents to stay off the roads as the increased threat for landslides and debris flows continues through Wednesday night .
“ We have issued a flash flood emergency for McDowell County in NC , ” the service tweeted . “ Flash flooding , landslides and rapid rises on waterways are an immediate threat to life and property . Do not attempt to drive unless you are fleeing flood waters .
In Rutherford County , the Town of Lake Lure and Chimney Rock Village declared a state of emergency as the Rocky Broad River surpassed seven and a half feet , officials said on the town 's Facebook page .
They said the Hickory Nut Falls Campground and the Rivercreek Campground have been evacuated .
“ The Town has had to repeatedly open the floodgates just to balance the continually rising river levels from the Upper Hickory Nut Gorge , ” the town said . “ Residents living along the river and in other low-lying areas or areas prone to landslides are urged to take higher ground immediately . ”
There is also a flash flood emergency in Marion County , NC , about 20 miles west of Asheville , with 4 to 6 inches of rain fallen , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen reported . Life-threatening flash flooding is being reported along the Catawba River and its tributaries there .
Emergency responders also were conducting several water rescues through McDowell County but no injuries or fatalities were reported , the agency said .
Alberto had weakened to a subtropical depression Monday but millions of people in parts of Alabama , Tennessee , Georgia and Kentucky were still under flash flood watches for much of Tuesday .
Heavy rainfall drenched parts of northern Georgia , the western Carolinas and Tennessee on Tuesday , increasing the threat of flash flooding in those areas , the National Weather Service said .
After moving into the Tennessee Valley , the system is forecast to head into the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes region Wednesday and Thursday , according to the National Hurricane Center .
Florida , Mississippi and Alabama — the three states bearing the brunt of the storm — declared emergencies ahead of Alberto .
On Monday , two journalists from South Carolina-based CNN affiliate WYFF were killed in Polk County , North Carolina . A tree fell on their SUV as they covered the hazardous weather , the station said .
Alberto made landfall Monday afternoon as a subtropical storm in the Florida Panhandle , reaching maximum sustained winds of 45 mph as it arrived in Laguna Beach , according to the hurricane center .
Click here to track the storm
Hurricane season is set to begin officially Friday .
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
LOUISVILLE , Kentucky — Ben Neal 's laptop lights up with emergency calls . A paramedic and supervisor with Louisville Metro Emergency Medical Services , Neal activates the siren on his silver SUV and races off , weaving his way through Sunday traffic .
Someone is in cardiac arrest and needs immediate attention .
Neal pulls into a neighborhood dotted with family homes and playsets in the backyards . A church sits on the corner . The sign out front reads “ Heroin is a Sickness , and Jesus is the Cure . ”
The call , it turns out , is n't a cardiac arrest but another overdose — part of the growing opioid epidemic taking hold of this Kentucky city of 766,000 people . And this has been an especially busy few days already , with 118 overdose calls over a 72-hour period beginning Thursday .
Neal gets out of his truck and points to a group of people standing on the porch of a home , talking to EMS and police officers . First responders already administered a dose of naloxone , the opioid blocker known for reviving people on the brink of death .
When someone is saved from an overdose , authorities offer to take them to a hospital . It can get tense . Some run off , fearing arrest . Others get violent . Today , the person simply refuses . The ambulance leaves without a patient .
Neal shakes his head .
“ It 's one of the ones that 's going to stick in the back of your mind , ” Neal says . “ Granted , I ca n't take them against their will , but I 'm leaving them in that same environment that they literally almost died in . ”
CNN rode along with Neal for three hours , from 4 to 7 p.m. Sunday , to get a glimpse of what first responders are facing amid this wave of overdoses . It 's grueling , exhausting work that ensnares the city 's emergency crews . For every overdose , police , fire and EMS crews respond .
During the three hours CNN visited , Neal 's crews responded to nine overdoses , many of them probably caused by heroin . When he arrived at one scene and began talking with firefighters , there was suddenly another radio call : another overdose .
The relentless pace of responding to the opioid crisis both exhausts and gives a sense of purpose to first responders like Neal .
“ You hear some of the stories of , ‘ Man , we used all our naloxone . We ran out of our bag valve masks . We 've had so many overdoses , we had to go back to the station and pick up more , ' ” Neal says . “ It does take a toll . ”
‘ It can be anywhere '
By the end of Sunday , Louisville emergency crews responded to 151 calls about overdoses over a four-day span , a blistering pace that stretched and strained resources . Not every call was necessarily a heroin overdose , authorities said . Some could 've involved prescription drugs , alcohol , narcotics or a combination .
One person using heroin was killed while riding in a car that crashed , authorities said ; the driver of the car had used heroin but survived .
The overdoses seemingly happened everywhere . Homes . Restaurants . Parking lots . People slumped in cars at stop lights .
“ It can be anywhere , ” says Jody Meiman , the executive director for Louisville Metro EMS . “ Unfortunately , we 've had to respond to all those locations . ”
Armed with vials of naloxone , the city 's first responders revive person after person , oftentimes multiple people in an hour . And , Neal says , he 's seeing the need to use increased doses . EMS workers normally give one dose to an overdosing patient — but , he says , one patient was recently administered as many as seven doses of the antidote .
“ That could mean people 's tolerance levels are going up or , you know , the heroin itself is becoming more and more potent , ” Neal says .
In one 911 call , the caller says a 40-year-old man has overdosed on heroin . The dispatcher calmly tells the caller to create an airway so he can breathe better . “ Listen to me . Here 's what I want you to do , ” the dispatcher says . “ I want you to take one hand and put it on his forehead , the other hand under his neck and tilt his head back . OK ? ”
The caller says the man is breathing better , but within moments , everything changes . “ He 's blue . He 's getting a bluish color to him , ” the caller said . “ He 's snorting . He 's not really breathing . ”
The dispatcher reassures him crews are on the way .
Two weeks ago , Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer sought to reassure the public in his state of the city address that the city is fighting the epidemic , saying that 150 more police officers are being hired and that the city is working with federal authorities to get “ heroin dealers off our streets . ”
Neal and Meiman said heroin overdoses began increasing about two years ago , but there 's been a major upswing in the past two months . In January , EMS crews responded to an average of 22 overdose calls a day — 33 % more than this time last year . The situation appears to be worsening . The four-day spike that began Thursday amounted to an average of 38 overdoses a day , almost double last month 's average .
“ We saw a big push to eliminate prescription opioids just a couple years ago , ” Meiman says . “ Where that was a huge success , now people are starting to get addicted to heroin . It 's easy to get . It 's cheap . ”
A lack of detox beds only complicates the matter . “ There 's not enough places for people to go right now to get the help that they need , ” Meiman adds .
‘ Enabling ' a second chance
Not far from the parking lot where Louisville Metro EMS ambulances park is a public health building . For a few hours on Monday , a steady stream of people walk into a conference room and sit down in front of Sonia Rudolph for instructions on how to use naloxone .
Rudolph is a nurse practitioner with a 22-year-old son who overdosed four times last January but is clean now . His mother gives back by sharing what she 's learned as a volunteer with the Kentucky Harm Reduction Coalition .
“ The one thing I want families to know when they come in is that you are not alone , that there are those of us out here that are going through what you 're going through , ” Rudolph says . “ Knowing this training and having the ability to help in emergency situations does give you a little bit more of a sense of control over the situation . It gives you some relief in knowing that if this happens and you 're there , you can at least keep them alive until EMS can get there . ”
Dozens in attendance nod along as she shows them how to give rescue breaths before giving the naloxone , which looks like nasal spray . There 's even a more expensive version of the drug in packaging that talks you through each step .
Rudolph looks choked up as she recites one fact : It takes only four minutes without oxygen to the brain for someone to start dying . You can see that she 's thinking of her own son 's multiple overdoses .
“ I know that no ambulance can get anywhere in four minutes , even the best ones , ” Rudolph says .
Not everyone in these groups has a family member who uses heroin . Some are active users . Others do n't know anyone who uses heroin but want to be prepared should they ever come across an overdose .
Kristina Blizzard comes to the training session with her teenage son . They both volunteer with a local charity that feeds those in need . Sometimes , she says , the people who seek their help struggle with opioid addiction .
“ I would hate to not have myself prepared in case we came across a situation where we could make a difference , ” Blizzard says .
This day , volunteers with the Kentucky Harm Reduction Coalition manage to train and hand out naloxone kits to 80 people . One member of the group , Russ Read , says he often hears criticism that handing out naloxone enables more heroin use . His response is terse .
“ We are enablers , ” Read declares . “ We enable people to live another day . ”
BANGKOK , March 29 Thailand 's central bank on Wednesday raised its economic growth forecast for this year to 3.4 percent from 3.2 percent , and upgraded its projection for exports .
The Bank of Thailand ( BOT ) now expects exports to rise 2.2 percent in 2017 . Three months ago , it forecast no growth .
Thai exports , a traditional growth driver , increased fractionally last year following three years of contraction , according to commerce ministry data .
The BOT predicts headline inflation at 1.2 percent this year , rather than 1.5 percent seen three months ago .
Last month , the state planning agency , the National Economic and Social Development Board , maintained its economic growth forecast of 3.0-4.0 percent for this year , but raised its export growth estimate to 2.9 percent from 2.4 percent .
Southeast Asia 's second-largest economy grew 3.2 percent in 2016 . ( Reporting by Kitiphong Thaichareon ; Writing by Orathai Sriring ; Editing by Richard Borsuk )
( Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text )
By Valerie Volcovici
Neligh , NEBRASKA , April 19 When President Donald Trump handed TransCanada Pipeline Co. a permit for its Keystone XL pipeline last month , he said the company could now build the long-delayed and divisive project `` with efficiency and with speed . ''
But Trump and the firm will have to get through Nebraska farmer Art Tanderup first , along with about 90 other landowners in the path of the pipeline .
They are mostly farmers and ranchers , making a last stand against the pipeline - the fate of which now rests with an obscure state regulatory board , the Nebraska Public Service Commission .
The group is fine-tuning an economic argument it hopes will resonate better in this politically conservative state than the environmental concerns that dominated the successful push to block Keystone under former President Barack Obama .
Backed by conservation groups , the Nebraska opponents plan to cast the project as a threat to prime farming and grazing lands - vital to Nebraska 's economy - and a foreign company 's attempt to seize American private property .
They contend the pipeline will provide mainly temporary jobs that will vanish once construction ends , and limited tax revenues that will decline over time .
They face a considerable challenge . Supporters of the pipeline as economic development include Republican Governor , Pete Ricketts , most of the state 's senators , its labor unions and chamber of commerce .
`` It 's depressing to start again after Obama rejected the pipeline two years ago , but we need to keep our coalition energized and strong , '' said Tanderup , who grows rye , corn and soybeans on his 160-acre property .
Now Tanderup and others are gearing up for another round of battle - on a decidedly more local stage , but with potentially international impact on energy firms and consumers .
The latest Keystone XL showdown underscores the increasingly well-organized and diverse resistance to pipelines nationwide , which now stretches well beyond the environmental movement .
Last year , North Dakota 's Standing Rock Sioux , a Native American tribe , galvanized national opposition to the Energy Transfer Partners Dakota Access Pipeline . Another ETP pipeline in Louisiana has drawn protests from flood protection advocates and commercial fishermen .
The Keystone XL pipeline would cut through Tanderup 's family farm , near the two-story farmhouse built in the 1920s by his wife Helen 's grandfather .
The Tanderups have plastered the walls with aerial photos of three `` # NoKXL '' crop art installations they staged from 2014 to 2016 . Faded signs around the farm still advertise the concert Willie Nelson and Neil Young played here in 2014 to raise money for the protests .
The stakes for the energy industry are high as the Keystone XL combatants focus on Nebraska , especially for Canadian producers that have struggled for decades to move more of that nation 's landlocked oil reserves to market . Keystone offers a path to get heavy crude from the Canada oil sands to refiners on the U.S. Gulf Coast equipped to handle it .
TransCanada has route approval in all of the U.S. states the line will cross except Nebraska , where the company says it has been unable to negotiate easements with landowners on about 9 percent of the 300-mile crossing .
So the dispute now falls to Nebraska 's five-member utility commission , an elected board with independent authority over TransCanada 's proposed route .
The commission has scheduled a public hearing in May , along with a week of testimony by pipeline supporters and opponents in August . Members face a deadline set by state law to take a vote by November .
`` TENS OF THOUSANDS '' OF JOBS
TransCanada has said on its website that the pipeline would create `` tens of thousands '' of jobs and tens of millions in tax dollars for the three states it would cross - Montana , South Dakota and Nebraska .
TransCanada declined to comment in response to Reuters inquiries seeking a more precise number and description of the jobs , including the proportion of them that are temporary - for construction - versus permanent .
Trump has been more specific , saying the project would create 28,000 U.S. jobs . But a 2014 State Department study predicted just 3,900 construction jobs and 35 permanent jobs .
Asked about the discrepancy , White House spokeswoman Kelly Love did not explain where Trump came up with his 28,000 figure , but pointed out that the State Department study also estimates that the pipeline would indirectly create thousands of additional jobs .
The study indicates those jobs would be temporary , including some 16,100 at firms with contracts for goods and services during construction , and another 26,000 , depending on how workers from the original jobs spend their wages .
TransCanada estimates that state taxes on the pipeline and pumping stations would total $ 55.6 million across the three states during the first year .
The firm will pay property taxes on the pumping stations along the route , but not the land . It would pay a different - and lower - `` personal property '' tax on the pipeline itself , said Brian Jorde , a partner in the Omaha-based law firm Domina Law Group , which represents the opposition .
The personal property taxes , he said , would decline over a seven-year period and eventually disappear .
TRUMP : ' I 'll CALL NEBRASKA '
The Nebraska utilities commission faces tremendous political pressure from well beyond the state it regulates .
`` The commissioners know it is game time , and everybody is looking , '' said Jane Kleeb , Nebraska 's Democratic party chair and head of the conservation group Bold Alliance , which is coordinating resistance from the landowners , Native American tribes and environmental groups .
The alliance plans to target the commissioners and their electoral districts with town halls , letter-writing campaigns , and billboards .
During the televised ceremony where Trump awarded the federal permit for the pipeline , he promised to weigh in on the Nebraska debate .
`` Nebraska ? I 'll call Nebraska , '' he said after TransCanada Chief Executive Russell Girling said the company faced opposition there .
Love , the White House spokeswoman , said she did not know if Trump had called Nebraska officials .
The commission members - one Democrat and four Republicans - have ties to a wide range of conflicting interests in the debate , making it difficult to predict their decision .
According to state filings , one of the commissioners , Democrat Crystal Rhoades , is a member of the Sierra Club - an environmental group opposing the pipeline .
Another , Republican Rod Johnson , has a long history of campaign donations from oil and gas firms .
The others are Republicans with ties to the farming and ranching sectors - including one member that raises cattle in an area near where the pipeline would cross .
All five members declined requests for comment .
PREPPING THE WITNESSES
TransCanada has been trying since 2008 to build the 1,100-mile line - from Hardisty , Alberta to Steele City , Nebraska , where it would connect to a network feeding the Midwest and Gulf Coast refining regions . The firm had its federal permit application rejected in 2015 by the Obama administration .
Opponents want the pipeline , if not rejected outright , to be re-routed well away from Nebraska 's Sandhills region , named for its sandy soil , which overlies one of the largest freshwater aquifers in the United States .
The Ogallala aquifer supplies large-scale crop irrigation and cattle-watering operations .
“ It all comes down to water , ” said Terry Steskal , whose family farm lies in the pipeline 's path .
Steskal dug his boot into the ground on his property , kicking up sand to demonstrate his biggest concern about the pipeline . If the pipeline leaks , oil can easily seep through the region 's porous soil into the water , which lies near the surface .
TransCanada spokesman Terry Cunha said the company has a good environmental record with its existing Keystone pipeline network in Nebraska , which runs east of the proposed Keystone XL .
The company , however , has reported at least two big pipeline spills in other states since 2011 , including some 400 barrels of oil spilled in South Dakota last year .
The Domina Law Group is helping the opposition by preparing the landowners , including the Tanderups and Steskals , for the August hearings , much as they would prepare witnesses for trial .
If the route is approved , Jorde said the firm plans to file legal challenges , potentially challenging TransCanada 's right to use eminent domain law to seize property .
Eminent domain allows for the government to expropriate private land in the public interest . But Jorde said he thinks TransCanada would struggle to meet that threshold in Nebraska .
`` Some temporary jobs and some taxes is not enough to win the public interest argument , '' he said . ( Additional reporting by Ethan Lou in Calgary ; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Brian Thevenot )
It was a good week for the stock markets as domestic investors remained cheerful on hopes that Gujarat 's ruling BJP party will win the state election despite a tough fight from the Congress .
A NSE ( National Stock Exchange ) building is seen in Mumbai , India , July 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/Files
The RBI kept rates steady on expected lines , and there is a feeling that the central bank may also hold rates in February because of upside risks to inflation .
The rupee traded stronger despite a rise in the dollar index , closing the week below 64.50 against the greenback .
Going forward , the Indian currency 's strength is unlikely to sustain and a rate hike by the U.S. Fed in its upcoming meeting could trigger selling pressure in Indian bond markets .
Global investors remained optimistic after the U.S. senate approved a tax overhaul , including corporate tax cuts which could lead to more profitability for companies , improve risk appetite and increase the inflow of overseas funds into U.S. stocks .
Meanwhile , the UK government finally struck a deal with the EU to move Brexit talks forward , ending months of negotiations . There wo n't be a “ hard border ” in Ireland while the rights of EU citizens in the UK and UK will be protected . The estimated cost of the divorce bill will be about 35-39 billion pounds , which is less than anticipated 50 billion pounds .
A surge in the value of crypto-currencies had an impact on gold and silver .
Bitcoin touched levels above $ 19,000 this week as speculators rush to buy the crypto-currency due to fears of being left out of the rally .
They mostly funded these positions by liquidating their underperforming assets like gold and silver .
Bitcoin is well on its way to emulating the Tulip bubble of the 1630s . The times , the people and the subject matter may have changed but the underlying greed , euphoria , fear and eventual collapse will continue to be the hallmark of such speculation .
On the stock specific front , pharma shares were in action after the U.S. senate approved a bill to cut corporate tax , imparting advantage to companies which have operations in America .
The current tax rate for pharma companies in the U.S. is around 40 percent , and that is expected to be lowered with the implementation of new tax laws .
Infosys gained after the company appointed Capgemini 's Salil Parekh as MD and CEO . Parekh has a strong track record of executing business turnarounds and managing successful acquisitions .
India 's service sector contracted in November after two months of expansion due to deterioration in business performance due to the effects of GST .
In contrast , the manufacturing sector expanded in the same month at its fastest pace since October 2016 .
The government also announced fresh incentives worth 84.5 billion rupees to boost exports and support the MSME and labour-intensive industries . The incentive came as a part of the mid-term review of India 's Foreign Trade Policy 2015-2020 .
On the global macro data front , China 's exports and imports unexpectedly accelerated last month , an encouraging sign for the world 's second-biggest economy .
Exports in November rose 12.3 percent on a yearly basis , the fastest pace in eight months , led by strong sales of electronics and high-tech goods , while commodity purchases helped lift imports . Imports grew 17.7 percent in November .
In the U.S. , a report by the commerce department showed trade deficit widening more than expected in October to $ 48.7 billion from a revised $ 44.9 billion in September .
The keenly watched U.S. jobs report for November was released on Friday , where headline non-farm payrolls number came in significantly better than expected , with 228,000 jobs added in November against a prior consensus forecast of around 200,000 jobs .
But wage growth turned out lower than expected . The FOMC starts its two-day meeting on interest rates on Tuesday . The Fed 's policy outlook will be of critical importance for policy expectations into next year .
The coming week will be an extremely busy one for markets . The main focus is on the Gujarat election that is expected to give cues for the general election in 2019 . The government will announce IIP data for October and retail inflation data on Tuesday . Wholesale inflation for November will be announced on Thursday .
The Nifty , which took support at the psychological support level of 10,000 , will be volatile in the coming week .
At current levels , we seem close to an intermediate top which will be surpassed only if the BJP wins in Gujarat with a large majority . Election results can throw up surprises , so it is prudent to wait for the outcome , which will be announced on December 18 , before investing further .
× Roseanne Barr 's most controversial moments
The tweets from Roseanne Barr that led to the cancellation of her hit ABC series is just the latest controversy involving the comedian .
ABC axed the “ Roseanne ” reboot after a series of tweets Barr sent Tuesday , including one in which she wrote about former Obama administration official Valerie Jarrett , “ Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . ”
Those who have followed Barr 's career over the years are aware she 's often stirred outrage .
Here are just a few examples :
‘ Star-Spangled Banner ' performance
Barr turned in what is now considered one of the all-time worst “ Star-Spangled Banner ” performances when she sang at a 1990 San Diego Padres game .
That year her “ Roseanne ” star was red hot on ABC , and her standup career was thriving .
But Barr 's rendition of the National Anthem was not well-received .
Audible boos could be heard as she shrieked her way through it , at one point putting a finger in her ears .
Barr concluded with a crotch grab and spitting on the ground .
The performance was roundly condemned , with President George H.W . Bush calling it “ disgraceful . ”
At a press conference later , Barr tried to explain she was simply trying to be funny .
“ None of this was meant viciously , ” she said at the time . “ Nobody feels worse than me . ”
Recanting sex abuse claims
Barr shocked fans in 1991 when she claimed she had been sexually abused as a child .
“ My name is Roseanne and I am an incest survivor , ” she reportedly told an audience gathered at a church in Denver .
In 2011 she recanted and told Oprah Winfrey , “ I think it 's the worst thing I 've ever done . It 's the biggest mistake that I 've ever made . ”
“ I think what happened was that — well , I know what happened was that I was in a very unhappy relationship , ” Barr said . “ I was prescribed numerous psychiatric drugs . Incredible mixtures of psychiatric drugs to deal with the fact that I had , and still in some ways , have and always will have some mental illness . And the drugs and the combination of drugs that I was given , which were some strong , strong drugs , I totally lost touch with reality in a big , big way . ”
Dressing as Hitler
In 2009 , Barr posed for Heeb magazine dressed as Adolf Hitler pulling burned cookies in the shape of people from an oven .
According to the publication , Barr — who is Jewish — requested the look .
The accompanying interview featured Barr talking everything from Twitter ( which she said at the time she had deleted because of “ the idiocy of people and how ill-informed they all seem ” ) and other controversial comics .
“ Franklin Ajaye , Paul Mooney , Mort Sahl and Dick Gregory 's passings will tear my kishkas out , ” Barr said . “ They gave everything they had to just tell the truth , and they could n't make a decent living because of the choice they made — not selling out to Hollywood . ”
The photos recently resurfaced after the “ Roseanne ” reboot .
Barr attempted to explain her motivation for the photo shoot in an expletive-laden appearance on “ The Green Room ” in 2011 .
She said she was not trying to make fun of Jewish people or the Holocaust .
“ There 's another , deeper layer to it , ” Barr said . “ Moving off this Holocaust , there 's been about 50 of them since then . That 's what I 'm kind of trying to say is like Jesus Christ it 's so f * * * ing every day now , Holocaust , it 's like baking cookies . ”
Sharing address of George Zimmerman 's parents
Shortly after teen Trayvon Martin was killed by George Zimmerman in a high-profile case in 2012 , Barr retweeted the home address of Zimmerman 's parents .
“ If Zimmerman is n't arrested I 'll rt his address again — maybe go 2 his house myself , ” she said in a now-deleted tweet .
Robert and Gladys Zimmerman sued Barr in 2014 , saying her actions caused them to have to go into hiding for years .
The suit was thrown out in 2015 .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
AUGUSTA , Georgia , April 5 World number one Dustin Johnson 's participation in the U.S. Masters this week is in doubt after he injured his back in a freak accident , his manager David Winkle said on Wednesday .
Johnson is favourite to win the Masters title after victories in his last three tournaments .
`` At roughly 3:00 pm today , Dustin took a serious fall on a staircase in his Augusta rental home , '' Winkle said in a statement .
`` He landed very hard on his lower back and is now resting , although quite uncomfortably . He has been advised to remain immobile and begin a regimen of anti-inflammatory medication and icing , with the hope of being able to play tomorrow . I will refrain from commenting further until I know more about Dustin 's condition . ''
The Masters start in Augusta on Thursday with Johnson scheduled to play alongside fellow Americans Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker in the last group out .
( Reporting by Ed Osmond , editing by Steve Keating )
May 2 Kee Tai Properties Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 0.9 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T $ 0.1 per share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/XVZwNr
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Microsoft Corp on Tuesday unveiled Windows 10 S , a streamlined version of its popular operating system , geared toward low-cost laptops for students , as it tries to take share from Google 's Chrome OS-run computers .
The company said the Surface laptop integrated with Windows 10 S is priced from $ 999 and will be available for pre-order starting Tuesday .
The new version of the operating system comes days after Microsoft reported third-quarter revenue that came in below Wall Street 's estimate , as sales of its Surface tablets and laptops slumped in the face of revamped competition .
Windows 10 S , compatible on mobiles and desktops , has a simple login app that allows schools to create logs on any devices in a few moments , Microsoft said at an education conference in New York .
Microsoft said it has also tied up with companies such as Acer , Asus , Dell , Futijsu , Toshiba , HP , and Samsung to offer a range of Windows 10 computers for students priced from $ 189 .
The company also introduced a new code-builder addition to its Minecraft education edition to help students learn coding skills through the popular game . The new edition of Minecraft will be available from the new school year .
( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee and Pushkala A in Bengaluru ; Editing by Supriya Kurane )
April 6 ( Reuters ) -
* norway 's oil fund wants CEO incentive plans scrapped- FT
* Norway 's sovereign fund will press companies to end long-term incentive schemes for ceos- FT
* Norways 's sovereign fund will force CEOs to own substantial stakes in their companies for periods of at least five and preferably 10 years- FT
* Norway 's sovereign fund will meet chairmen and other investors after publicly revealing its new pay policy on friday- FT Source text : on.ft.com/2oJZISh
By Emem Idio
Yenagoa—A Magistrate Court sitting in Yenagoa , Bayelsa State , and presided over by Mr. Ebitari Timi , has slammed the management of Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company , PHEDC , over the mass disconnection of residents of Biogbolo community in Yenagoa Local Government Area of the state , despite an existing order of the court for parties to maintain status quo .
The magistrate described PHEDC 's action as “ appa-lling and contemptuous , ” and ordered the immediate reconnection and restoration of power to the residents within 48 hours .
At the resumed hearing yesterday , counsel to the complainants , Mr. Chucks Egbulonu , told the court that after the last court adjournment , PHEDC went ahead to carry out mass disconnection of the residents in clear disregard for the interim order of the court and against the orders of the National Electricity Regulatory Commission , NERC , which warns against mass disconnection by Distribution Companies , DISCO .
He said PHEDC 's action is unwarranted self-help , while the matter is in court challenging the estimated bills imposed on residents , arguing that such action is “ wilful disrespect to the court and contemptuous . ”
Chairman of Light Committee in the area , Pastor Ken Odi , said residents had dragged the management of PHEDC to court overestimated billing , lamenting that from N2,500 , one-bedroom flat now pays N13,000 monthly .
May 2 HCP Inc :
* HCP announces results for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017
* Sees FY 2017 FFO per share $ 1.99 to $ 2.05
* HCP Inc- for full year 2017 , we expect : EPS to range between $ 1.43 and $ 1.49
* Qtrly adjusted FFO per share $ 0.51
* Qtrly FFO per share $ 0.61
* Says reaffirmed full-year 2017 FFO as adjusted and SPP cash noi guidance ranges
* Q1 FFO per share view $ 0.48 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 FFO per share view $ 1.93 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Protesters carry placards outside of the offices of South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in Pretoria , South Africa , March 31,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters carry placards outside of the offices of South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in Pretoria , South Africa , March 31,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters carry placards outside of the offices of South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in Pretoria , South Africa , March 31,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan speaks during a media briefing at his offices in Pretoria , South Africa , March 31,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan ( R ) chats with Deputy Minister Mcebisi Jonas during a media briefing at their offices in Pretoria , South Africa , March 31,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan holds a copy of an intelligence report that President Jacob Zuma used as justification to fire him , during a media briefing at their offices in Pretoria , South Africa , March 31,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
PRETORIA South Africa 's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said on Friday an intelligence report President Jacob Zuma used as justification to fire him was `` absolute nonsense '' .
Gordhan also said during a televised press conference in Pretoria on Friday that he had been `` sickened '' by allegations that he had secret meetings to undermine the government during an investor roadshow abroad .
( Reporting by TJ Strydom ; Writing by Ed Stoddard ; Editing by Joe Brock )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook ( all times local ) :
7 a.m .
Cleveland police searching for the suspect who fatally shot an elderly passerby in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say no more victims have been found , despite the shooter 's claim that he killed over a dozen people .
Police said Monday that they 've found no evidence of other slayings linked to the suspect , 37-year-old Steve Stephens . They planned to provide updates on the search at a news conference later Monday morning .
They say Stephens may have left Ohio , and they 're urging people in Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout . They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous .
He 's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland .
The FBI is helping with the investigation .
___
2:05 a.m .
Police in Ohio are urging residents in surrounding states on Monday to be on alert for a man who they say shot and killed an elderly passerby and then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook .
Thirty-seven-year-old Steve Stephens is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland .
In a statement early Monday , police warned residents of Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens , who they say should be considered armed and dangerous .
In a separate video posted on Facebook , Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people . Police say they have not verified any other shootings or deaths .
The FBI is assisting in the investigation .
Reckitt Benckiser CEO Rakesh Kapoor speaks during the Reuters Global Consumer and Retail Summit in London , Britain September 11 , 2013 . REUTERS/Benjamin Beavan/File Photo
LONDON British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser Group ( RB.L ) cut Chief Executive Rakesh Kapoor 's 2016 pay by 39 percent , as it seeks to shore up investor confidence following a safety scandal in South Korea that hurt its performance .
The maker of Durex condoms and Scholl footcare products said Kapoor , Britain 's third highest-paid CEO in 2015 , would not receive an annual bonus for 2016 , and that the share awards for his long-term incentive plan would be reduced by half .
As a result , Kapoor will be paid 14 million pounds ( $ 17 million ) for 2016 , down from 23 million pounds in 2015 .
The company also said it would strip out the impact of earnings growth from the impending takeover of Mead Johnson ( MJN.N ) from calculations for Kapoor 's incentive plan for 2017 .
Reckitt Benckiser has been grappling with the fallout from a scandal related to a product safety issue that caused dozens of deadly lung injuries in South Korea . The South Korean government said in 2015 that 92 people were believed to have died from causes related to humidifier sterilizer products sold by several companies including Reckitt .
In January , the former head of Reckitt 's business there was sentenced to seven years in prison .
( $ 1 = 0.8027 pounds )
( Reporting by Martinne Geller ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville , Va. , Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter 's life — and , with voice occasionally quavering , called on people to answer hate with forgiveness .
`` My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that , '' the Sharpes , Fla. , resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview . `` With her , it was n't lip service . It was real . ''
Just two days earlier , a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally , killing Heyer 's daughter Heather , 32 , and wounding 19 other people . Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack , saying `` such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred . ''
The man allegedly behind the wheel , James Alex Fields Jr. , had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas , according to a former teacher . Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run .
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that 's `` twisted into something negative '' in its own right , Mark Heyer told the local newspaper .
`` People need to stop hating , and they need to forgive each other . And I include myself in that , in forgiving the guy that did this , '' he said . `` He does n't know any better . You know , I just think of what the Lord said on the cross . Lord forgive him , they do n't know what they 're doing . ''
In this respect , he said he aspires to follow his daughter 's example .
`` You know , my daughter 's life — she 's ... '' he paused , searching for words . `` I 'm proud of her for standing up . She had more courage than I did . She had more courage than I did . She had a stubborn backbone . She thought she was right . She would stand there and defy you .
`` But if I understand her , '' he added , `` she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction . ''
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend , Heather 's mother , Susan Bro , also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a `` very strong sense of right and wrong . ''
`` It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard , to speak up when injustices were happening , '' Bro said , `` and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given . ''
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed , along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S . In Seattle and New York City , Atlanta and in Grand Rapids , Mich. , demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and , in the words of one protester , `` resist it fearlessly . ''
`` I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people 's hearts , '' Mark Heyer said . `` You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff , but when you take your last breath , it 's over . It 's done !
`` You 're going to take away what a person has and everything else they 're going to have . There is no more — not here , you know , '' he added . `` And that 's — that 's pretty much all I got , brother . ''
DUBLIN , April 3 Ireland will hold two bond auctions in the second quarter , on Apil 12 and June 8 , the National Treasury Management Agency said on Monday .
Ireland has raised 6.5 billion euros of its planned 9 to 13 billion euros issuance of long-term debt this year .
The agency will also hold an auction of short-term treasury bills on June 15 . All auction dates are subject to market conditions , the NTMA said . ( Reporting by Conor Humphries ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
Iowa State quarterback Jacob Park will not play against No . 3 Oklahoma on Saturday for undisclosed medical reasons .
The school announced Friday that Park is taking a leave from the team to work through personal health issues . He remains a member of the squad .
Iowa State coach Matt Campbell is not certain of a timeline for Park 's return , and said he can not discuss issue . Campbell said Iowa State is focused on `` supporting one another in difficult times . ''
Park has completed 62 per cent of his passes and has nine touchdown passes and five interceptions this season .
He will be fighting outside Britain for the first time as a pro , but agreed to travel to Lemieux 's hometown because , if he wins , it may help him get a shot at Mexican star Saul ( Canelo ) Alvarez , who like Lemieux is promoted by Oscar De La Hoya .
What caused the animosity between the two fighters remains a mystery , but Lemieux has been on the Briton from the outset on social media .
`` I 'm more excited just to lay my hands on Billy Joe Saunders more than anything , '' said Lemieux . `` He 's got a big mouth .
`` He says a whole bunch of things . It 's just his character . It 's who he is . I do n't like him . He 's going to pay . ''
Saunders said he took exception to one Lemieux tweet in particular , which read : `` Two weeks away fight fans -- ca n't wait to show u guys how i will destroy this peasant . @ bjsaunders_ ur a dead man . ''
Saunders said the tweet was in poor taste considering recent deaths in the sport and with Swedish boxer Erik Skoglund in hospital this week in an induced coma with bleeding on the brain .
`` All I know is that he mentioned putting people in a coffin , dead on Twitter , '' said Saunders . `` I 've only got respect for the boxing world and we 've recently lost some , passed away in the ring , so I do n't like that talk .
`` It 's very upsetting and it 's discrediting boxing . ''
Saunders described the opponents on Lemieux 's record , other than Golovkin , as `` bums '' and `` old men '' and says he has no doubt he will win .
`` I think David 's very weak in the mind and , at the end of the day , I do n't care if it 's in anyone 's back garden , put the ring there . That 's all that matters , '' he said .
The bout is to be televised by the HBO specialty channel , who added a middleweight clash for the minor WBO Inter-continental title between Americans Antoine Douglas ( 22-1-1 ) and Gary O'Sullivan ( 26-2 ) as the co-feature .
There is also Yves Ulysse Jr. ( 14-1 ) of Montreal facing Cletus ( the Hebrew Hammer ) Seldin ( 21-0 ) of New York in a light welterweight battle .
Custio Clayton ( 12-0 ) of Dartmouth , N.S. , in his first bout since singing with Eye Of The Tiger Management , will fight for the WBO international welterweight belt against Cristian Coria ( 27-5-2 ) of Argentina .
Top prospects Steven Butler and Simon Kean are also on the card , while former Canadian women 's national team member Kim Clavet makes her pro debut against Yoseline Martinez Jose of Mexico .
By Bill Beacon , The Canadian Press
FILE PHOTO - A Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) fighter walks at the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River , Syria March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Rodi Said
BEIRUT U.S.-backed militias said on Sunday they had made a big advance in Tabqa , a strategically vital town controlling Syria 's largest dam , in their campaign to drive Islamic State from its stronghold of Raqqa , 40km ( 25 miles ) downstream .
The Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , a group of Kurdish and Arab militias , will wait to assault Raqqa until it seizes Tabqa , its military officials have previously said , but it had made only slow progress since besieging the town early this month .
In a statement it circulated on social messaging sites , the SDF said it had captured six more districts of Tabqa and distributed a map showing that Islamic State now controlled only the northern part of the town , next to the dam .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a Britain-based war monitor , said the SDF had gained almost complete control over Tabqa in its advance .
Tabqa was isolated from Raqqa in late March after the United States helped the SDF carry out an airborne landing on the southern bank of the Euphrates , allowing it to capture the areas around the town , including an important airbase , and cut the road .
Islamic State still holds several Tabqa districts along the southern bank of Lake Assad and the southern section of the Euphrates dam , including its operations facilities and a hydro-electric power plant .
Raqqa now lies in an Islamic State enclave on the northern bank of the Euphrates that measures about 50km at its widest point on an east-west axis and 20km on its longest north-south axis , but with SDF salients stretching almost to the city .
Islamic State 's only means of crossing to its main territory on the south bank of the Euphrates is by boat after aerial bombing put the region 's bridges out of service .
The jihadist group still controls large swathes of Syria 's Euphrates basin and its vast eastern deserts near the border with Iraq , but it has lost large tracts of its territory over the past year and many of its leaders have been killed .
( Reporting by Angus McDowall ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
Gymnasts support international teammate
Emma Cavanaugh / Winonan
There is something besides academics that is keeping first-year international student Haruko “ Sunny ” Hasebe in Winona .
A visit to head gymnastics coach Beckie Rolbiecki 's office changed everything for her .
“ I knocked on Beckie 's door and was like , ‘ Hi , can I do gymnastics here ? ' and she was like , ‘ Sure . Let 's do it , ' ” Hasebe said .
Hasebe is one of 12 first-years on Winona State 's gymnastic team . Before coming to Winona State to study mass communications , she competed as an elite gymnast in Japan . According to Hasebe , there is a vast difference between competing in Japan and competing at Winona State .
“ It 's really different ; I 've never competed as a team . I 've always competed individually , so everyone is a rival . Nobody really liked each other , ” Hasebe said . “ Everyone is going to support you , it 's amazing . ”
Hasebe said she received support from her parents in Tokyo while growing up . Now , her support comes from Rolbiecki , her teammates and best friend from Malaysia who is not on the gymnastics team .
According to Hasebe , being a member of a team is one of the best parts about competing for Winona State . The gymnasts and coaches have emphasized this season that the Warrior gymnasts compete as a team . Hasebe mentioned the competitive atmosphere in Japanese gymnastics and how the mentality there is “ if she falls I might win , ” or “ if I fall she will be better . ”
She said , “ That never happens here and I love it . ”
The Warriors have won three of their five meets so far this season . Their most reason victory came Friday , Feb. 3 against the University of Wisconsin-Stout with a score of 187.650 . Hasebe was one of three first-place finishes for Winona State as she posted a 9.625 on the balance beam . She also held one of the top three finishes for the bars .
“ It 's been great ; we 've been doing really good , Hasebe said . “ We 're becoming a team . ”
This is Hasebe 's first year back competing after a one-year hiatus she took to focus on her studies . This season she has been competing on bar and beam , but she hopes to improve her vault and floor routine to the point where she can compete .
Hasebe plans to compete for the team during all four years of college . She said after graduation she would like to work for an advertising agency .
“ I can speak English and Japanese , so I can do something that is bilingual . Hopefully I wo n't lose my Japanese. ” Hasebe said .
The Warriors will next compete at the Harley Invite in Milwaukee , Wisc . on Friday , Feb. 10 .
By Emma Cavanaugh
Singapore private home sales in May fall 3.2 pct y/y
SINGAPORE , June 15 Sales in Singapore of private homes by developers fell in May from a year earlier , government data showed on Thursday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
MILAN ( Reuters ) - Starbucks Corp ( SBUX.O ) said on Friday it was starting to recruit 150 people for its first outlet in Italy , the home of the espresso and a market the world 's biggest coffee seller has yet to tap .
Starbucks has outlets in countries across Europe and around the world , but its plan to launch a high-end Reserve Roastery in Milan will be its first bid to attract Italian coffee drinkers .
The U.S. firm plans to launch the outlet in the autumn , offering coffee enthusiasts the chance to watch the process from roasting beans to pouring a shot , as well as tasting a range of coffees . It will be the first of its kind in Europe .
Starbucks has till now launched two Reserve Roasteries , in its hometown of Seattle , in 2014 and in Shanghai , in December 2017 . The firm reportedly spent $ 20 million on the Seattle outlet . It says it plans to open ‘ Roasteries ' in New York , Tokyo and Chicago .
After the launch in Milan , its Italian commercial partner and licensee Percassi will open more typical Starbucks shops in the city later in the year , the company said .
A total of 300 people will be hired for its Italian stores in 2018 , it said .
Other coffee makers like Lavazza have opened shops in Italy 's financial capital , reflecting global competition among major brands to capture a growing market for people prepared to pay a premium for quality espresso coffees .
NEW YORK , April 13 U.S. Treasury yields held at their lower levels with benchmark yields hovering near a five-month trough as the latest data on jobless claims and producer prices supported the view the U.S. economy is growing modestly without much inflation .
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yield was 2.246 percent , down 5 basis points from late on Wednesday . It fell to 2.218 percent earlier Thursday , which was the lowest since Nov. 17 , Reuters data showed . ( Reporting by Richard Leong )
May 2 Indian shares posted slight gains on Tuesday , as automakers such as Maruti Suzuki rallied on strong April sales , but broader gains were capped after Ambuja Cement 's quarterly results raised concerns about corporate earnings .
The broader NSE index ended up 0.1 percent at 9,313.80 , while the benchmark BSE index closed 0.01 percent higher at 29,921.18 . Both indexes ended lower in the previous two sessions .
For the midday report , click ( Reporting By Samantha Kareen Nair in Bengaluru ; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier )
( Refiles to remove extraneous word )
By Alexander Cornwell
DUBAI , April 23 New Zealand is considering additional security checks on flights from Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East , its transport minister said on Sunday .
The new rules would follow similar measures introduced last month by the United States , Britain and Australia .
New Zealand 's civil aviation authority `` is assessing the evidence to determine what is appropriate , '' Transport Minister Simon Bridges told Reuters in an interview in Dubai .
Additional security measures would affect passengers flying from Dubai in the United Arab Emirates and Doha , Qatar , where carriers Emirates and Qatar Airways , respectively , fly direct to New Zealand .
Bridges said a decision to add new checks would be made independent of the government by the aviation authority .
He declined to say when a decision could be made . He did not say what measures were being considered .
On March 25 , the United States banned electronic devices larger than a mobile phone from passenger cabins of direct flights from eight countries in the Middle East , North Africa and Turkey , including Qatar and the UAE .
Britain followed the same day with similar measures , including banning larger electronics on flights from some Middle East countries but not Qatar and the UAE where it instead requested additional security checks .
Australia 's additional checks on passengers and baggage apply to Qatar and the UAE as they are the only Middle East countries with which it has direct air links .
The additional security measures were made based on intelligence suggesting flights could be targeted for attack .
`` What we have seen from them is a less than uniform way of doing things , '' Bridges said of the different measures introduced by the United States , Britain and Australia , all close allies of New Zealand .
Last week , Emirates said it was cutting flights to the United States after new restrictions weakened demand .
Bridges said he is scheduled to meet with Emirates Chairman Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed al-Maktoum this week where he would make clear that New Zealand is open to additional services .
Emirates flies to New Zealand cities Auckland and Christchurch , mostly via Australia , although it operates a direct daily flight to Auckland . Qatar Airways only flies direct to Auckland .
Bridges , who is also minister for economic development , is in the UAE to formally announce New Zealand 's participation in the 2020 World Expo in Dubai .
New Zealand has committed NZ $ 53.3 million ( $ 37.5 million ) to build its country 's pavilion to host its companies at the trade fair , Wellington announced on Sunday .
Bridges ' visit is one of several senior ministerial trips to the region so far this year as New Zealand pushes to conclude a free trade agreement ( FTA ) with the six member Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) .
`` We are hopeful over the next year or so we will get somewhere with that , '' he said .
The UAE has said finalising the trade deal with New Zealand is a priority .
Along with the UAE and Qatar , the GCC comprises Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Oman . ( $ 1 = 1.4223 New Zealand dollars ) ( Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
CEE MARKETS-Crown retreats on rate setter comment , Polish shares drop
* Dovish Czech rate setter Tomsik says no hurry for rate hike * Czech crown retreats from the strongest level for years * Czech PM 's party helm , Romanian PM 's job are at risk * Investors watch Fed guidance rather than local politics ( Adds Czech auction result , fall of Polish shares ) By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE , June 14 The Czech crown retreated from multi-year highs on Wednesday after Czech central bank Vice-Governor Vladimir Tomsik said its s
PHILADELPHIA , PA — In this edition of Weekend Philler 's “ Mom & Pop Shop ” we visit More Than Old located in the heart of Old City . What makes this shop unique is that they carry antique , vintage , and contemporary products , such as glasses , barware , furniture , art , and more . Beth Gibson is the owner and self-proclaimed ‘ principal ' of the shop . Her passion and vast knowledge of her products shows just how much she truly enjoys running her business . If you ever pay a visit to the shop , you can also expect to be greeted by More Than Old 's manager shop cat , Newbie — a rescue cat adopted when the store first opened in 2004 .
“ There are so many pieces that I absolutely love . Surrounding yourself with these pieces that you love , and then finding somebody else who 's excited about it and loves it and wants to own it is just a lot of fun. ” – Beth Gibson
If you 're in the market for a piece of vintage furniture or a new set of wine glasses , More Than Old is worth checking out .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SLIDELL , La . - Would you stop for gas if you saw this at the pumps ?
This creepy video shows a massive swarm of mayflies taking over a convenience store in Slidell , Louisiana .
`` I saw it last night around 11 and it was crazy , '' says Dalton Bond , who witnessed the swarm firsthand .
Kenny Hickman , who captured the frenzy on his cell phone , says it 's unlike anything he 's ever seen .
`` I started filming it with my phone and I 'm like I 'm not getting out , ” Hickman tells WGNO .
Thankfully , mayflies have a short lifespan and typically live for roughly 24 hours .
`` I 'm either having them for dinner , up my ears , up my nose , I have n't seen so many before swarm , '' says Hickman .
Just like moths , mayflies are attracted to light , so a bright gas station fits the bill no matter how unnerving their buggy behavior seems to us .
According to Entomology Today , mayfly swarms are common in late spring and early summer during mating season .
Cameron University 's Dean of Students Zeak Naifeh has been appointed to national education advisory group .
Naifeh has been appointed to the National Association for Campus Activities ( NACA ) Education Advisory Group and will serve as general member for a two-year term .
The university 's dean of students since January 2015 , he joined the Cameron staff in June 2006 as director of student activities . Over the years , his responsibilities were broadened to include oversight of the Aggie Rec Center and the McMahon Centennial Complex , and he was promoted to director of campus life .
NACA provides knowledge , ideas and resources for campus life at institutions of higher education throughout the country . The organization provides members with programs and events that focus on student and professional leadership development , program planning , concert management , diversity and other areas .
A trailer home where two people were killed after a possible tornado , is damaged in Breaux Bridge , St. Martin Parish , Louisiana , U.S. , April 2 , 2017 . St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office/Handout via REUTERS
A trailer home where two people were killed after a possible tornado , is damaged in Breaux Bridge , St. Martin Parish , Louisiana , U.S. , April 2 , 2017 . St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office/Handout via REUTERS
A trailer home where two people were killed after a possible tornado , is damaged in Breaux Bridge , St. Martin Parish , Louisiana , U.S. , April 2 , 2017 . St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office/Handout via REUTERS
A trailer home where two people were killed after a possible tornado , is damaged in Breaux Bridge , St. Martin Parish , Louisiana , U.S. , April 2 , 2017 . St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office/Handout via REUTERS
A powerful storm system in the southeastern United States that killed four people , including a woman swept away by flood waters while she called 911 , put much of the region under a tornado watch on Monday and delayed hundreds of flights .
The storm front could dump up to an inch ( 2.5 cm ) of rain as far north as New England as it rumbles through the Carolinas and the Middle Atlantic states later on Monday with high winds and thunderstorms , National Weather Service meteorologist Bruce Sullivan said .
`` It 's just a very strong system , '' he said . `` It 's covering a very broad part of the eastern United States , so it 's all tied together . ''
A 52-year-old woman driving in the storm 's heavy rains died in Florence , Mississippi , after her car went into a swollen creek at about 4:30 a.m. EDT , said David Ruth , the Rankin County coroner .
The woman called 911 as her car went down , but rescuers were unable to reach her in time in the heavily wooded area , he said .
`` It took three hours for the waters to recede enough to find her car , '' Ruth said .
Another woman was killed overnight in Tallahatchie County when high winds dropped a tree on her home , said Mississippi Emergency Management Agency spokesman Ray Coleman .
About 18,000 homes and businesses were without power in Mississippi , he said .
On Sunday , a tornado flipped over a mobile home near Lafayette , Louisiana , killing a toddler and her mother .
Much of eastern Georgia and western South Carolina were under a tornado watch on Monday , along with the Florida Panhandle . The National Weather Service said there had been 19 reports of tornadoes on Monday .
The bad weather briefly halted flights at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , delaying more than 600 flights , according to FlightAware.com . Flights at North Carolina 's Charlotte Douglas International Airport also were stopped amid heavy rain , the airport said on Twitter .
Facing the possibility of severe weather , the University of South Carolina postponed a celebration for the school 's women 's basketball team , which won the national collegiate championship on Sunday .
( Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington ; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Lisa Shumaker )
On Friday , during the public viewing of Barbara Bush 's casket , George H.W . Bush offered his hand to many of the around 2,500 people who walked through the church to pay their respects .
A year ago this month , he spent two weeks in the hospital for treatment of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis , a constant irritation of the lining of tubes that carry air to one 's lungs . His doctors said chronic bronchitis is a condition more prevalent with age and can aggravate the symptoms of pneumonia .
The elder Bush was hospitalized for 16 days in January 2017 for pneumonia . During that hospital stay , which included time in intensive care , doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected him to a ventilator .
He also was hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in his neck , and in December 2014 for about a week for shortness of breath . He spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues .
People in their 90s with Parkinson 's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised , said Dr. David Reuben , professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles .
`` And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system , '' he said .
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics , he said , while viral infections require other treatments . Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral , however , he said .
The prognosis for such a case would depend on a number of factors , including heart rate , blood pressure and oxygenation , Reuben said .
`` The more of these parameters are abnormal , the more serious the case is , '' he said .
George Herbert Walker Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993 . Born June 12 , 1924 , in Milton , Massachusetts , Bush also served as a congressman , CIA director and Ronald Reagan 's vice-president .
___
Associated Press reporter Terry Wallace contributed to this story from Dallas .
By Michael Graczyk , The Associated Press
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
May 2 J Alexanders Holdings Inc
* J. Alexander 's Holdings , Inc . Announces results for first quarter of 2017
* Q1 sales rose 5.2 percent to $ 59.82 million
* J Alexanders Holdings Inc - basic and diluted earnings per share totaled $ 0.18 for q1 of 2017 and $ 0.15 for q1 of 2016
* J Alexanders Holdings Inc - sees fy capital expenditures $ 13 million - $ 16 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 20 Gosuncn Technology Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue 43.6 million shares at 13.32 yuan per share and pay cash of 100 million yuan in exchange for 84.1 pct stake in a ZTEWelink Technology , a wireless communication firm
* Transaction price valued 681.0 million yuan
* It will issue shares via private placement , to raise up to 330 million yuan for payment of the transaction
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/zKpfGx
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
March 30 The Reserve Bank of India said on Thursday it accepted all 86 bids for 886.32 billion rupees ( $ 13.67 billion ) at its one-day reverse repo auction held on Wednesday , through which it absorbs liquidity from the banking system . REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE No . AMT ( bln No . AMT ( bln ( % ) rupees ) rupees ) 29/03 3 16.80 3 16.80 6.25 28/03 11 30.45 11 30.45 6.25 27/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 26/03 1 0.04 1 0.04 6.25 24/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 23/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 22/03 2 14.55 2 14.55 6.25 21/03 2 10.50 2 10.50 6.25 20/03 3 11.15 3 11.15 6.25 18/03 2 50.36 2 50.36 6.25 17/03 7 15.97 7 15.97 6.25 16/03 3 6.50 3 6.50 6.25 15/03 2 8.60 2 8.60 6.25 14/03 3 10.50 3 10.50 6.25 10/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 09/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 08/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 07/03 1 4.50 1 4.50 6.25 06/03 2 6.15 2 6.15 6.25 04/03 3 34.80 3 34.80 6.25 03/03 3 9.05 3 9.05 6.25 02/03 2 5.84 2 5.84 6.25 01/03 1 5.50 1 5.50 6.25 28/02 2 14 2 14 6.25 27/02 2 14 2 14 6.25 23/02 3 15 3 15 6.25 22/02 2 14 2 14 6.25 20/02 3 14.40 3 14.40 6.25 18/02 8 45.83 8 45.83 6.25 17/02 6 22.35 6 22.35 6.25 16/02 4 17.80 4 17.80 6.25 15/02 6 18.75 6 18.75 6.25 14/02 3 15.90 3 15.90 6.25 13/02 3 16.00 3 16.00 6.25 10/02 4 16.50 4 16.50 6.25 09/02 2 14 2 14 6.25 08/02 2 14 2 14 6.25 07/02 12 51.15 12 51.15 6.25 06/02 2 14 2 14 6.25 04/02 3 61 3 61 6.25 03/02 5 16.90 5 16.90 6.25 02/02 2 14.00 2 14.00 6.25 01/02 2 14.00 2 14.00 6.25 REVERSE REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE NO AMT ( bln NO AMT ( bln ( % ) rupees ) rupees ) 29/03 86 886.32 86 886.32 5.75 28/03 37 283.89 37 283.89 5.75 27/03 45 305.67 45 305.67 5.75 26/03 07 12.74 07 12.74 5.75 24/03 69 385.72 69 385.72 5.75 23/03 54 245.69 54 245.69 5.75 22/03 47 178.64 47 178.64 5.75 21/03 56 275.50 56 275.50 5.75 20/03 43 204.76 43 204.76 5.75 18/03 12 36.75 12 36.75 5.75 17/03 65 308.12 65 308.12 5.75 16/03 57 311.20 57 311.20 5.75 15/03 47 294.70 47 294.70 5.75 14/03 57 338.18 57 338.18 5.75 13/03 20 88.46 20 88.46 5.75 10/03 65 398.92 65 398.92 5.75 09/03 43 276.46 43 276.46 5.75 08/03 26 58.68 26 58.68 5.75 07/03 26 45.03 26 45.03 5.75 06/03 21 38.03 21 38.03 5.75 04/03 16 23.04 16 23.04 5.75 03/03 67 291.77 67 291.77 5.75 02/03 42 124.28 42 124.28 5.75 01/03 37 72.58 37 72.58 5.75 28/02 43 223.15 43 223.15 5.75 27/02 51 215.56 51 215.56 5.75 24/02 37 102.74 37 102.74 5.75 23/02 33 142.20 33 142.20 5.75 22/02 39 68.97 39 68.97 5.75 21/02 30 73.03 30 73.03 5.75 20/02 20 83.72 20 83.72 5.75 18/02 24 32.01 24 32.01 5.75 17/02 62 243.84 62 243.84 5.75 16/02 32 70.03 32 70.03 5.75 15/02 28 26.52 28 26.52 5.75 14/02 28 38.90 28 38.90 5.75 13/02 28 91.31 28 91.31 5.75 10/02 25 36.32 25 36.32 5.75 09/02 20 28.03 20 28.03 5.75 08/02 22 33.21 22 33.21 5.75 07/02 19 22.13 19 22.13 5.75 06/02 19 29.17 19 29.17 5.75 04/02 13 23.67 13 23.67 5.75 03/02 62 174.04 62 174.04 5.75 02/02 39 83.93 39 83.93 5.75 01/02 42 134.22 42 134.22 5.75 Source text - bit.ly/2mRuA35 ( $ 1 = 64.8400 Indian rupees ) ( Bengaluru newsroom ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA , Wash. -- An employee who was fired from a Washington State Walmart for allegedly trying to steal a safe returned to the store days later to try to retrieve what he had left in the safe - his drugs , according to the Pierce County Sheriff 's Department .
`` On Sunday morning the fired employee called the Walmart store and said that he was coming in to pick up a safe that he 'forgot ' at the store , '' the sheriff 's department said in a report on its Facebook page . `` Thinking this was suspicious , loss prevention employees opened the safe that the man had previously attempted to steal from the store ... and inside they discovered a yellow container that held a stash of heroin and Xanax . ''
Police said that when the fired employee arrived at the Walmart , customer service asked him what was inside it and he told them there was a yellow container that had his `` medication '' inside ; employees called 911 .
`` When deputies arrived the man started crying ; he told the deputies the safe was his , and the yellow container and narcotics were his . He went on to say that he paid $ 350 for them , '' the sheriff 's department said .
The 24-year-old was booked into the Pierce County Jail for unlawful possession of a controlled substance .
São Paulo Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA ( EMBR3.SA ) reported a sharp drop in profit on Tuesday as its revenue was hurt by a big seasonal dip in deliveries and a delayed satellite launch , sending its share price down by more than 3 percent .
First-quarter net income at the world 's third-largest producer of commercial aircraft slumped 59 percent from a year earlier to $ 43 million .
Still , earnings beat the average forecast of $ 18 million in a Reuters survey of analysts as a currency swing reduced Embraer 's deferred tax bill , an effect rarely considered by analysts .
Embraer reaffirmed its full-year operating targets , counting on a rebound in commercial and executive jet deliveries , as well as the launch this week of a geostationary satellite that was delayed by a general strike in French Guyana last month .
`` The first quarter was a little bit disappointing , but we 're very confident in maintaining our guidance for the year , '' said Chief Executive Paulo Cesar Silva on a call with analysts .
Embraer shares fell 3.4 percent in São Paulo trading to a four-month low of 14.84 reais , and the stock was the biggest drag on the benchmark Bovespa stock index .BVSP which rose 1.6 percent on the day .
Earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization fell 40 percent to $ 96 million , missing an average estimate of $ 131 million .
Chief Financial Officer Jose Filippo said the satellite launch was now scheduled for Thursday , and highlighted the delivery of two small business jets and a mid-sized private aircraft that were planned for March but were now set for April .
`` Despite the weak start to the year , management reiterated all aspects of their guidance but they have a higher hill to climb now , '' wrote Deutsche Bank analysts led by Myles Walton in a note to clients .
Silva struck a positive note on new orders this year , reporting `` great activity '' in sales campaigns among airlines in the United States and elsewhere .
He said the company was confident that this year , it would be able to land the first order from outside Latin America for the KC-390 military cargo jet currently under development . Deliveries to the Brazilian Air Force start next year .
Still , Silva warned that a transition to a new generation of commercial jets would likely weigh on profit margins in that division next year .
Profitability of defense programs should remain in line with this year and profit margins of executive jets , which may improve slightly this year , will depend on the recovery of a sluggish market , he said .
( Reporting by Brad Haynes ; Editing by Mark Potter and Bernadette Baum )
April 10 PTC Therapeutics Inc :
* PTC Therapeutics announces departure of chief financial officer , Shane Kovacs
* PTC Therapeutics Inc says PTC has initiated a search process to appoint a new CFO
* PTC Therapeutics - Shane is expected to remain with PTC through closing of PTC 's pending acquisition of all rights to emflaza from Marathon Pharma Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Dellen Millard , the man already convicted of killing Tim Bosma and Laura Babcock , who will shortly be tried in the death of his father , has been called many things . None of them are flattering . One of the more repeatable epithets is 'disgusting ' . You wo n't get any argument from this quarter .
The mere mention of Millard 's name , as with Paul Bernardo , generates anger and hostility . Which is why so many people are spitting mad about the fact that someone , presumably one of Millard 's few friends , has started a crowd-funding Facebook page aimed at raising money for Millard 's defence in his upcoming — that would be his third — trial .
The idea this twice-convicted killer is appealing to people 's charity to help him get competent legal defence is , on many levels , repugnant . That 's why online petitions are demanding the crowd-funding page be shut down . It 's all quite understandable , and to make matters worse it must be upsetting for the families of Millard 's victims .
It 's unlikely Facebook would find the content to be in violation of there rules . In fact , if you spend some time searching , you will find that crowdfunding to pay legal costs is n't uncommon . And if you really think about it , and get beyond the anger involved , shutting down this or other similar fundraising campaigns would n't be the best outcome . It might make us feel good , as if we can exact some degree of revenge on this nasty piece of work . Again , understandable , but not really helpful .
Related Content `` Disgusting : '' Facebook fundraiser for killer Dellen Millard raises ire
An absolutely central tenet of our justice system is that the accused person deserves and is entitled to competent legal defence . In his last trial , Millard represented himself , which shows that while he may be evil and cunning in an animalistic way , he 's no towering intellect . He intends to use an actual lawyer next time around , and apparently is having trouble coming up with the necessary money .
We hope the crowdfunding campaign is a bust . But that 's how this should go , as opposed to having it shut down . This is n't about the disgusting person involved , it 's about the legal system . The system only works when there is competent legal representation on the prosecuting and defence side , as well as on the bench .
In fact , if Millard says he wants a lawyer , he will get one , one way or the other . That 's what the law says . If he ca n't afford one , the Crown will need to ensure he 's represented .
Much as it is tempting to conclude that people convicted and accused of such heinous crimes do n't deserve proper counsel , that 's a slippery slope we do n't want to be on .
Besides , there would be an upside to seeing the crowdfunding effort succeed . If Millard 's fan club wants to pay his expenses , that means taxpayers do n't have to .
That has a certain appeal .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
Woodland Park on Wednesday night officially welcomed new Police Chief Eileen Tiernan -- the first female police chief in Passaic County history .
`` Congratulations to Capt . Eileen Tiernan on your promotion to chief , '' the department wrote in a Facebook post . `` You possess every quality and characteristic of a true leader .
`` The department and the borough are in your capable hands . We are proud to call you chief . ''
Tiernan became the officer-in-charge after now-former Police Chief Anthony Galietti abruptly retired two months ago .
Mayor Keith Kazmak said the 25-year department veteran `` has earned the respect of the Police Department , the Council and the entire community . ”
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD , Va. -- Ahead of a NAACP press conference planned on Thursday , Chesterfield County Police allowed reporters to review body camera footage from March 28 that recorded the traffic stop and detainment of James Monk , a 23-year-old black male .
Chesterfield County Police said a routine use-of-force incident review by internal investigations in early April found some “ improper tactics ” were used during the stop and said that the officers involved went through one on one re-training afteward .
Tavorise K. Marks , with the Chesterfield County Branch NAACP , reached out to police in late May , and reviewed the video with police on May 25 . Then Marks announced a press conference and notified the media about the traffic stop .
Police noted that there are `` significant inconsistencies '' between actual events and the NAACP 's account that was distributed to the media . The NAACP maintains that Monk did not resist police , a Taser was used on him over three times , and that there were over eight officers present during the incident .
The video showed an officer pull over Monk for dark window tint at 12:30 a.m. on March 28 . The traffic stop took place in Ettrick , not far from Virginia State University at James Street and 2nd Avenue .
Monk explained to the officer that he does not own the vehicle , and police confirm it never came back registered to him .
The officer called for backup because he said he smelled marijuana and wanted to search the car .
As is standard operating procedure , police said , Monk would be handcuffed while they searched the car . Monk almost immediately resisted officers when he got out of the car . During the stop , a total of four officers tried to get Monk to comply throughout the stop , though eight officers were eventually on scene .
Monk ignored officers repeatedly asking him to stop reaching down with his hands and he would not comply when they eventually asked him to get on his stomach so he could be handcuffed .
He repeated that he had done nothing wrong . The officer warned him that he would be pepper-sprayed if he would not roll onto his stomach .
Monk was then pepper-sprayed .
The woman with Monk , who was not handcuffed , could be heard telling him “ get on your stomach . ”
Monk did not comply and was pepper-sprayed again . The officer warned him multiple times that he would use the Taser next .
The Taser could be heard in the background , as the officer utilized a warning arc discharge from the Taser , twice ; a function used by law enforcement to deter a subject without deploying the Taser cartridge .
Over two-minutes elapsed after Monk was first pepper sprayed , and then the officer used a Taser on Monk .
Police then contacted Chesterfield EMS to respond to the scene , as is procedure if a Taser is deployed . Chesterfield County Police Captain R.F . Horowitz said the officer should have removed the Taser prongs from Monk . The officer wanted EMS to remove them .
Cpt . Horowitz also said that the Taser should only be deployed when there is an “ immediate threat . ”
None of the responding officers were placed on administrative leave , and all officers went through one on one training following the incident .
No marijuana was found on Monk or in the car he was driving . He was written a summons at the magistrate 's office for two misdemeanor charges ; obstruction of justice and illegal window tint .
When Horowitz was asked what would have happened if Mon had complied , he responded that they likely would have searched the car , found no marijuana , and released Monk – possibly with just a warning .
This is only the third time Chesterfield County police have allowed media review of body camera footage . Per policy , they will not release the footage to the public and it will not be available through the Freedom of Information Act .
The NAACP press conference is scheduled for 3 p.m. on Thursday , May 31 .
Susan Hastings is a senior branch assistant at Idea Exchange , Hespeler . She recommends :
`` Salt to the Sea '' by Ruta Sepetys ( Philomel Books , 391 pages )
I 've read a number of books set during the Second World War recently , including `` All the Light You Can not Sea '' , `` Lilac Girls '' , and `` Everyone Brave is Forgiven '' . They all take you back to fairly recent time in history , and make you wonder at how ordinary people faced an extraordinary situation . The one that has made the biggest impression on me so far , however , is `` Salt to the Sea '' , by Ruth Sepetys . It 's a young adult novel , but it 's told in such an authentic voice that the plot and character development drew me in from the start . Several weeks after finishing the book , I 'm still thinking about the characters and their fates , not to mention the real-life people on whom the novel is based .
The story takes place in East Prussia in the winter of 1945 , when thousands of refugees were fleeing the Red Army , and their last hope is a place on board a ship bound for the west . Their desperation and fear permeate each chapter , begging the question : `` What would you do to survive ? ''
I do n't think it 's a spoiler to say that the reader already knows what is going to happen . It 's a bit like watching Titanic , but this maritime disaster has never been commemorated in the same way . `` Salt to the Sea '' easily stands with the best of the new historical fiction and is a compelling read for young and old alike .
GABORONE A strong earthquake struck in a remote region of Botswana on Monday near the renowned Kalahari game reserve , sending shockwaves across the southern African country though there were no early reports of casualties or damage .
The magnitude 6.5 quake 's epicentre was nearly 250 km ( 155 miles ) north-northwest of the capital Gaborone at a depth of 12 km ( 7 miles ) , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
Former U.S. President George W. Bush is due to visit the city on Tuesday to highlight the importance of America 's overseas humanitarian aid , officials have said .
Anglo American said in email that there were `` no reported safety incidents or damage to infrastructure '' to any of its operations in Botswana caused by the earthquake .
Tremors were also felt in neighbouring South Africa .
`` We certainly felt ( the quake ) here in central Gaborone . The buildings ... were trembling , '' said , Botswana 's chief government spokesman , Jeff Ramsay .
`` We do n't have an report of casualties or damage yet but its a bit early to tell . ''
Kgosi Kgomokgwana , the traditional chief of Moiyabana , a village close to the epicentre , said : `` This is the first time we have felt something like that in this area . ''
( Reporting by Ed Stoddard in Gaborone and Mfuneko Toyana , Tanisha Heiberg and James Macharia in Johannesburg and Barbara Lewis in London ; Editing by Tom Brown )
April 1 Chicago authorities on Saturday said they had arrested a 14-year-old boy in connection with the sexual assault of a teenage girl by multiple young men that was seen on Facebook Live in March .
`` Tonight , CPD ( Chicago Police Department ) arrested the first of several juvenile offenders in the Facebook sexual assault incident , '' the department 's chief spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said on Twitter , adding that a news conference would provide further details on Sunday .
The mother of the victim of the March assault had approached police after an unrelated news conference and shown them images of her daughter being assaulted by five or six young men .
The mother said the girl 's uncle had told her about a video on Facebook Live that showed the assault . The high school freshman had gone to the store and her mother became concerned when she did not return .
The March incident was among several in recent months in Chicago in which the social media site has played a role in broadcasting apparent crimes .
The shooting death in February on the city 's West Side of a 2-year-old boy was captured on Facebook Live by his aunt , who was also shot . In January , an attack by four people on a 19-year-old man with special needs was partially broadcast on the social media site . The four accused in the attack have pleaded not guilty . ( Reporting by Chris Michaud in New York ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
BERLIN , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - New car sales in Germany jumped about 12 percent last month to about 270,000 vehicles , the highest level for January in nearly two decades , an auto industry source said .
But the downtrend in registrations of diesel-powered cars continued with a decline of about 17 percent , the source said on Friday on condition he not is named ahead of publication of official data .
“ The new year got off to a good start , ” the source said , noting that the increase resulted mainly from high private orders by at the end of 2017 and was not helped by additional selling days .
Germany 's VDA auto industry association is expected to release official sales data for Europe 's largest auto market later on Friday .
( Correct name of Samsung phone in 12th paragraph and first subhead , and its price in first and 15th paragraph )
* Tough sanctions , laws cause headaches for S.Korean officials
* Permission needed for flights between North and South
* Perks such as high-end phones , equipment might breach sanctions
* For multimedia coverage : www.reuters.com/north-korea/
By Hyunjoo Jin and Christine Kim
SEOUL , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - All of the almost 3,000 athletes competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Winter Olympics are set to get perks including the latest $ 1,100 Samsung smartphones , top of the range new equipment to take home and sleek Nike uniforms .
All except perhaps the 22 athletes from North Korea .
Tough international sanctions including travel restrictions and a ban on the sale of luxury goods and sports gear have complicated South Korean Olympic organisers ' efforts to provide their northern neighbors with the same benefits available to other Olympians .
For months , South Korean President Moon Jae-in has sought North Korea 's participation in the hopes it will ease tensions between the still officially warring nations and prevent the kind of violent incidents which have plagued previous major events hosted by the South .
Officials have rolled out the red carpet and are keen to make sure the visits go off without a hitch .
North Korean female ice hockey players and their South Korean teammates , who will compete as one nation in the Games for the first time , have been living and training together this week , even sharing a birthday cake .
Other members of the North Korean delegation , such as the cheer squad , will be housed in luxury hotels .
Overshadowing those efforts , however , are a host of U.S. and U.N. Security Council sanctions on Pyongyang over its efforts to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States .
At almost every turn , South Korea has had to go great lengths to make sure its hospitalities do n't run afoul of sanctions or other laws , according to several South Korean officials .
Just raising the North Korean flag alongside other national banners in the Olympic Villages required an exemption from South Korean laws banning praise of the North Korea regime , a Pyeongchang organizing committee official told Reuters .
The officials all declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the matter .
NO GALAXY NOTE 8 , NO NIKE ?
Samsung Electronics , an official sponsor of the Winter Games , is offering 4,000 Galaxy Note 8 smartphones specially designed for the Olympics to “ all ” of the participating athletes .
The International Olympic Committee will distribute them , a Samsung Electronics spokesman told Reuters .
But South Korea is not sure if North Korean athletes will be eligible for the treats because of U.N. Security Council sanctions , an Olympics organiser told Reuters .
The official declined to elaborate , but experts say providing the $ 1,100 Samsung phone could violate U.N. sanctions that ban the sale of luxury items and electronics with a potential “ dual ” commercial and military use .
Meanwhile , the joint women 's hockey team will wear uniforms made by a Finnish company instead of official sponsor Nike , because of concerns about U.S. sanctions , another South Korean government official told Reuters .
Unilateral U.S. sanctions go far beyond the U.N. sanctions , effectively banning U.S. companies and individuals from trading with North Korea .
“ We are trying to figure out ways to live up to the sanctions , ” the official said .
Nike did not immediately respond to request for comments .
North Korean athletes will also have to return Finnish hockey sticks , skates and other equipment “ rented ” for them when they leave South Korea , the official said .
FLIGHT RISK
South Korea 's unification ministry said it had sought and received temporary permission from the United States to fly an airliner to North Korea this week .
The flight took South Korean athletes for training in a ski resort in the North on Wednesday , and brought North Korean athletes to the South on Thursday .
Any aircraft or ship visiting North Korea is banned for 180 days from entering the United States . The exemption granted this week only applies to the latest flight , meaning U.S. approval is needed any time North Korean officials visit during the Olympics by airplane or ferry .
A spokesman for the U.S. State Department said Washington was in “ close contact with the Republic of Korea on our unified response to North Korea . ”
A U.S. Treasury official said the department evaluates applications “ for certain prohibited transactions and activities , which can include those related to the upcoming Olympics ” , without giving more detail .
For this week 's flight , an Airbus aircraft was used rather than one made by U.S. Boeing due to stricter U.S. sanctions , South Korean broadcaster Channel A reported . Asiana Airlines , who operated the plane , declined to comment .
To comply with South Korean military rules , the airliner had to fly some distance out to sea to avoid flying over the heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone , the unification ministry said .
FIVE-STAR HOTEL
The North Korean Olympians are staying at the athletes ' village in Gangneung with athletes from other countries . The Olympics organising committee was unable to say whether they are being given any special treatment , such as beefed up protection .
North Korea 's 230-member cheering squad is expected to stay at Inje Speedium , according to a unification ministry official , a four-star hotel surrounded by forest . Rooms there cost 242,000 won ( $ 226 ) to 715,000 won per night .
Its taekwondo performance team will stay at the five-star Grand Walkerhill in Seoul , which overlooks the Han River and previously hosted American stars such as Michael Jackson and Paris Hilton .
The spending is not unprecedented . When North Koreans visited the South for the Asian Games in 2002 , the Seoul government spent 1.3 billion won hosting them .
But now , even paying for routine things such as medical treatment or providing souvenirs can run into problems , said Yoo Ho-yeol , a professor at Korea University in Seoul .
“ Benefits provided to North Korean delegation , which were in the past were not subject to sanctions , can now become a controversy , since sanctions have become much more comprehensive in recent years , ” he said . ( Additional reporting by Josh Smith and Haejin Choi in SEOUL and David Brunnstrom in WASHINGTON ; Editing by Soyoung Kim and Lincoln Feast )
FILE PHOTO - President of the Supreme Court , David Neuberger ( C ) , walks with fellow judges to Westminster Abbey for a service to mark the start of the legal year , London October 1 , 2012 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
LONDON Britain 's most senior judges have denounced as abusive a barrage of criticism levelled at them over a ruling that displeased the pro-Brexit press , culminating in a front page branding them `` Enemies of the People '' .
The vitriolic coverage , which included personal attacks on individual judges , was in response to a High Court ruling last November that the government could not trigger the process of leaving the European Union without parliamentary assent .
`` The judiciary of England and Wales felt attacked personally , '' said David Neuberger , president of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom , during an appearance on Wednesday before a parliamentary committee .
He was echoing comments last week by John Thomas , who as Lord Chief Justice is the most senior judge in England and Wales and who was one of three judges who made the Brexit ruling .
`` Criticism is very healthy . If you have got something wrong , fine , but there is a difference between criticism and abuse , '' Thomas told the same committee a week ago .
`` It 's the only time in the whole of my judicial career that I 've had to ask for the police to give us a measure of advice and protection in relation to the emotions that were being stirred up , '' he said .
He added that he had worked on many very serious cases , including terrorism trials involving Al Qaeda , and had never had that problem before .
Thomas also said that other , less senior judges had written to Liz Truss , the Secretary of State for Justice , to express concerns because `` litigants in person were coming and saying 'you 're an enemy of the people . ' ''
That was a reference to a controversial headline that appeared on the front page of the Daily Mail , Britain 's second-biggest selling newspaper , highlighting the levels of passion and anger surrounding the Brexit issue .
Both Neuberger and Thomas criticised Truss for not speaking out in defence of judges at the time of the furore .
Truss initially said nothing about it . Under pressure , she eventually commented , stressing the importance of both an independent judiciary and a free press . She has refused to criticise the Daily Mail headline and other similar ones .
Thomas said her attitude was `` completely and utterly wrong '' and both he and Neuberger said she had failed to recognise her constitutional duty to uphold the independence of the judiciary .
( Editing by Stephen Addison )
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
NEW YORK The U.S. dollar tumbled from three-week highs on Wednesday , as minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting suggested the outlook for interest rates had not changed from what the Fed indicated last month after its rate hike decision .
Traders also said there was a bit of profit-taking in the greenback toward the end of the session especially in the dollar-yen currency pair . A break of support at 111 yen triggered stops all the way to 100.70 yen , they added .
The market was a bit surprised by Fed comments saying that reducing the balance sheet this year would be warranted . Overall , those remarks were viewed as negative for the dollar , analysts said .
In the minutes , the Fed said it should take steps to begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as economic data holds up .
`` While the balance sheet commentary was a bit more hawkish than expected , the outlook for rates was more in line with what we had before , '' said Omer Esiner , chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington .
`` If anything , modifying the balance sheet reduces the need for higher rates . That may be weighing on the dollar a little bit . ''
In late trading , the dollar was down 0.1 percent against the yen at 110.66 yen .
The dollar index , which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six peers , fell 0.1 percent at 100.45 , after hitting a three-week high .
The euro was slightly higher at $ 1.0677 .
The dollar drew early support from data showing U.S. private sector employers created more jobs than expected in March , suggesting a generally stable labour market .
U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March , more than their hirings in February and well above economists ' expectations , a report by a payroll processor showed on Wednesday .
Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report to show a gain of 187,000 jobs , with estimates ranging from 110,000 to 225,000 .
Before the data 's release , the market had been rattled by political tension arising from an upcoming meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping .
Trump 's consistently harsh rhetoric on China has raised concerns about Thursday 's summit , and some also worry that Trump 's failure to pass a healthcare overhaul will mean rough sledding as he tries to implement the rest of his promised pro-growth policies .
( Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss ; Editing by David Gregorio )
May 2 Bever Holding :
* Said on Sunday it completed 2016 with a result after tax of approximately 9.6 million euros ( $ 10.48 million ) ( 2015 : 29 thousand euros )
* Profit before tax amounted to approximately 13.1 million euros in 2016
Source text for Eikon : bit.ly/2p3mscX
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9157 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Storm hit State Highway Six set to be reopened this morning
Hundreds of people have been stuck on the West Coast since the storm hit on Thursday .
MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin has started a meeting in the Kremlin with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , a spokeswoman for the U.S. embassy in Moscow said on Wednesday , citing Kremlin officials .
The Kremlin had previously declined to confirm that such a meeting would take place during Tillerson 's visit , reflecting tensions over a U.S. missile strike on Syria , a staunch Russian ally , last week .
( Reporting by Polina Devitt and Yeganeh Torbati ; Writing by Andrew Osborn ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
April 28 Sony Financial Holdings Inc :
* Says Katsumi Ihara will resign from the position of Chairman of the Board
* Says it has named Shigeru Ishii as the new President of the company
* Effective date June 21
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/r1t3vS
Further company coverage :
( Beijing Headline News )
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice ( GMP ) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration , for pills ( condensed pills ) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11 , 2022
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
April 5 Apex Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 850 million yuan to 1.25 billion yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 119.3 million yuan
* Says that increased depreciation and amortization in acquired firm and interest expenditure as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/feM8Gx
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
VATICAN CITY — South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis , after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute .
Pope Francis did n't seem to notice or mind , thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition `` which was a show of the will for peace , the two Koreas together . ''
South Korea 's World Taekwondo organization , the Seoul-led international body , said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills .
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo 's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome .
LONDON Global equity listings rose in the first quarter compared with a year earlier , driven by issuance in Asia and the United States , Thomson Reuters data showed , pointing to a more buoyant year for share sales than 2016 .
Companies globally issued $ 189 billion of equity in the first quarter of the year , up 58 percent from the first quarter of 2016 , which was the worst since 2008 .
Upbeat news on the economy helped boost equity capital market activity by U.S. firm by almost 70 percent , delivering proceeds of $ 59 billion in the first quarter . But global issuance remained below the 2012-2016 first quarter average of $ 183 billion .
`` We have had a backdrop of rising markets , low volatility and better macroeconomic data . These combine to produce strong appetite for new issues , '' Bank of America 's global head of equity capital markets , Craig Coben , said .
`` The equity calendar is highly seasonal and so Q2 will really be a litmus test for new-issue appetite as it is generally the busiest quarter of the year . ''
London , Europe 's biggest market for initial public offerings , bucked the global trend with equity listings at a five-year low .
Russell Holden , corporate partner at international law firm Taylor Wessing , said he expected this to continue as companies waited for more favourable conditions .
`` With the share price gains over the past six months , combined with some uncertainty over the outcome of the Brexit negotiations , a market correction may be down the road so investors are taking a cautious approach at the moment and do not want to be overpaying for assets . ''
Expected listings of Blackstone 's ( BX.N ) warehousing business Logicor and Telefonica 's ( TEF.MC ) UK telecoms operator O2 may bolster the IPO market in Britain in the coming quarters .
In continental Europe , Gestamp is set to become the biggest IPO this year when it lists on April 7 with a valuation of around 3.5 billion euros ( $ 3.75 billion ) .
Goldman Sachs ( GS.N ) overtook JP Morgan ( JPM.N ) as the leading bank for equity capital markets globally in the first quarter , thanks to its mandates for follow-on offerings . JP Morgan kept the top spot for IPOs globally .
Representing more than a tenth of global follow-on proceeds , Italian bank UniCredit ( CRDI.MI ) had the biggest equity offering of the year so far , raising 13.8 billion euros and potentially generating hundreds of millions dollars in fees for banks .
The listing of Snap Inc ( SNAP.N ) , owner of photo sharing app Snapchat , was the biggest IPO of the quarter helping to produce a 17-fold increase in total U.S. IPO proceeds .
Ed Sankey , EMEA Co-Head ECM and Global Head of Equity Syndicate at Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) , said merger and acquisition activity , subsidiary IPOs and privatisations by European governments would drive deal flow .
`` There was a wave of IPO exits in 2013-15 and this year we do n't expect to see the sheer number we saw in that time frame , especially from private equity in this time zone , but globally we expect a busier year than 2016 . ''
( Editing by Jane Merriman )
Meadows originally committed to play at Clemson before signing a $ 3 million signing bonus to join the Pirates , a decision that came with a significant amount of expectations . He joined a pipeline that produced McCutchen , Marte and Gregory Polanco , the `` outfield of the future '' when Pittsburgh began its renaissance from afterthought to contender earlier this decade .
Meadows practically sprinted to Triple-A Indianapolis before his progress stalled thanks to lingering hamstring and oblique injuries . He hit just .239 in 2016 and 2017 with the Indians and the clamouring for his promotion quieted . He hired a new trainer over the winter and hit .295 with 10 doubles in 32 games for Indianapolis before Marte was sidelined with an oblique issue of his own .
Meadows ' arrival earlier this month — unlike the arrivals of former coveted prospects McCutchen , Gerrit Cole and Polanco — was met with more of a shrug than breathless anticipation . That might not necessarily be a bad thing . It allowed the unassuming Meadows to fit in quickly in a clubhouse that 's undergone a significant overhaul since it made three straight playoff appearances from 2013-15 , including McCutchen 's departure in a trade to San Francisco in January .
Make no mistake : Meadows is not McCutchen and is n't trying to be McCutchen . He does , however , believe he belongs . So do his teammates .
`` He looks the part , '' said pitcher and 2010 first-round pick Jameson Taillon , who knows a thing or two about hype . `` He looks like a ballplayer . He 's not nervous , he 's not scared ... When I got called up , I felt like my head was in my locker , I just wanted to stay out of people 's way . Meadows has come up , he 's comfortable . ''
And he 's raking . The player who never hit more than 12 home runs during any season in the minors already has four less than two weeks into his major league career , That includes a shot to right-centre on Tuesday night off Chicago ace Jon Lester , the first homer Lester has given up to a lefty all season .
Yet it was n't even Meadows ' most impressive feat of the night . That came in the ninth against Cubs closer Brandon Morrow . Pittsburgh had two on with one out and trailed by four when Meadows stepped in . Meadows fended off four sinkers at 98 or 99 mph before lining an infield single that loaded the bases and kept a Pittsburgh rally alive .
`` If you 're not impressed by Meadows ' at bats , you need to go watch another sport right now , '' Hurdle said .
Meadows is doing his best to take everything in stride . For all his early success , he 's quick to point out the team has slumped since his arrival . He 's no saviour . just one of 25 trying to do his part for a club that believes — if few others do — that it can contend in the stacked NL Central . He probably wo n't hit .400 all season . He probably wo n't hit a home run every third game . He 's well aware getting up here and staying up here are two entirely different things .
It 's a challenge he 's been preparing for since the first time he picked up a bat when he was 3 . The stakes have changed . His mindset has not .
`` You ca n't have any fear up here , '' he said .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Will Graves , The Associated Press
Facebook and Juniper Networks skid while Acuity surges
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday :
Campbell Soup Co. , up 74 cents to $ 41.03
The New York Post reported that activist investor Dan Loeb is pushing for the soup maker to consider a possible sale .
Acuity Brands Inc. , up $ 14.93 to $ 132.05
The lighting company had a far stronger quarter than analysts expected .
Herman Miller Inc. , up $ 3.65 to $ 38.10
The furniture company surpassed Wall Street estimates in its latest quarter and gave a better-than-expected sales forecast .
Juniper Networks Inc. , down 52 cents to $ 27.23
Technology companies fared worse than the rest of the market Tuesday .
Facebook Inc. , down $ 4.63 at $ 192.73
The Washington Post reported that a federal investigation into Facebook 's sharing of user data with Cambridge Analytica involves multiple agencies .
Apache Corp. , up $ 1.10 to $ 45.78
Energy companies rallied Tuesday to recover much of their losses from the day before .
AZZ Inc. , up $ 4.90 to $ 48.50
The electrical equipment maker 's first-quarter profit and sales were better than Wall Street had anticipated .
Acxiom Inc. , up $ 5.24 to $ 39.45
The data-services company said it is selling its market solutions business to Interpublic Group for $ 2.3 billion in cash .
HONG KONG/SHANGHAI Official numbers may suggest a rosier 2017 for China , but the bottom lines of the country 's top consumer firms - from brewers to noodle makers and cinema chains - paint a patchy picture of spending in the world 's second-largest economy .
Tsingtao Brewery Co Ltd ( 600600.SS ) , China 's number two brewer , posted its steepest drop in net profit in 20 years last week , blaming tough competition and weak demand . Noodle maker Tingyi ( 0322.HK ) saw profits drop by a third .
China 's top cinema operator Wanda Cinema Line 002739.SZ saw 2016 profits rise 15.2 percent - down from growth of nearly 50 percent the year before , as broader box office sales stalled . IMAX China 's ( 1970.HK ) profit tumbled , too .
`` There 's still a tonne of room for growth , but these markets are much more competitive now and even bigger brands are starting to struggle , '' said Ben Cavender , Shanghai-based principal at China Market Research Group .
`` Consumers are becoming more cagey about how they 're spending their money , ( from ) food to clothing and movies . ''
Increased caution - and sophistication - will push companies to innovate , and to spend more to fend off competitors , if they are to survive , analysts said .
After growing at the slowest pace in 26 years in 2016 , official data have indicated a strong start to the economy this year , supported by bank lending , a government infrastructure spree and a much-needed resurgence in private investment .
But China 's consumption trends have been less clear .
Retail sales in December rose at their fastest pace in a year , thanks to cars and cosmetics , but they disappointed in the first two months of this year .
Consumption contributed the bulk of China 's growth last year at nearly 65 percent , but income growth did n't pick up , and a measure of China 's income inequality rose slightly last year .
A private business survey last month showed growth in the services sector slowed to a four-month low as increasing competition made it harder for companies to pass higher input costs on to consumers .
To be sure , the picture from recent earnings reports is not comprehensive nor uniform .
But the drop in profits of some of China 's best-known names flags the uneven nature of the country 's gradual shift to a consumer-driven economy , and the challenge for both brands and Beijing , which needs to stoke domestic consumption and private investment to fuel growth .
Of course there were bright spots .
In areas like sports apparel , firms such as Li Ning Co Ltd ( 2331.HK ) and ANTA Sports ( 2020.HK ) predicted a boost as China looks to build its sports industry and consumers become increasingly health conscious . Li Ning 's profits rose sharply .
But global uncertainties - from the impact of trade policies under new U.S. President Donald Trump to political uncertainty in Europe - are expected to cloud the year .
`` In 2017 , great uncertainties in the economic outlook remain in view of the changes in political and economic policies in some key regions , '' China Resources Beer ( 0291.HK ) said .
The brewer reported sluggish sales growth , but also its first annual profit in three years this month .
Retailers also reported a mixed outlook , although a slowdown in e-commerce was creating opportunities elsewhere .
White goods maker Qingdao Haier ( 600690.SS ) , which posted annual net profit growth of 3.1 percent , said China was in a new normal of consumer growth - but expects sales to eventually accelerate with rising salaries and demand for high-tech homes .
Others bore the cost of change : home appliance retailer GOME ( 0493.HK ) posted a 73 percent drop in full-year profit as it spent on a strategic shake-up .
`` Looking into 2017 , it is expected that ( the Chinese ) and global economy will continue to face downward pressure , leading to sluggish market demand , '' said Chairman Li Dongsheng of television maker TCL Multimedia ( 1070.HK ) .
( Reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI and Donny Kwok in HONG KONG ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) speaks to reporters after the weekly Republican caucus policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol in Washington , U.S. April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eric Thayer
U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer ( R-NY ) speaks to reporters after the weekly Republican caucus policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol in Washington , U.S. April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eric Thayer
FILE PHOTO -- U.S. Supreme Court nominee judge Neil Gorsuch testifies during a third day of his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , March 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
WASHINGTON The U.S. Senate moved on Tuesday toward ramming through approval of President Donald Trump 's Supreme Court nominee this week , as its top Republican said he had the votes to wipe away Democratic roadblocks but vowed to preserve the minority party 's ability to hold up legislation .
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell plans to change the Senate 's long-standing rules in order to eliminate the ability to use a procedural hurdle called a filibuster against Supreme Court nominees like Trump 's pick , Neil Gorsuch , if a Democratic filibuster succeeds as expected in blocking a confirmation vote .
Senate confirmation of Gorsuch , 49 , to the lifetime post would restore the court 's conservative majority and enable Trump to leave a lasting imprint on America 's highest judicial body even as he regularly criticizes the federal judiciary .
McConnell said he had the necessary votes to approve the rule change with a simple majority vote , expected on Thursday . Republicans control the Senate 52-48 . The rule change has been dubbed the `` nuclear option , '' and Trump has encouraged McConnell to `` go nuclear . ''
Such a step would threaten to further erode trust between the parties in Congress .
`` There 's a reason they call it the nuclear option , and that is because there 's fallout . And this fallout will be dangerously and perhaps disastrously radioactive for the Senate for years to come , '' Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal told reporters .
Republicans were so confident they could use their muscle to pass the rule change that Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said flatly that Gorsuch `` will be on the Supreme Court Friday night . ''
Amid a fierce debate over both Gorsuch and the Senate 's rules , McConnell tried to tamp down any speculation that Republicans would stage a monumental power grab by ending the filibuster for legislation .
McConnell said that as long as he was the Senate 's majority leader , he would never remove the ability to mount a filibuster against legislation , as opposed to presidential appointments . McConnell fought against many of former Democratic President Barack Obama 's legislative initiatives when Republicans were the minority party in the Senate .
`` There 's not a single senator in the ( Republican ) majority who thinks we ought to change the legislative filibuster , not one , '' McConnell told reporters .
The move to change venerable Senate rules reflects an intensifying of the already-toxic partisanship in Washington since Trump took office in January .
McConnell 's promise to keep the ability to filibuster legislation could make it more difficult for Republicans to get key parts of Trump 's legislative agenda through the Senate , considering the expected strong Democratic opposition .
'BREAK THE RULES '
A filibuster requires a super-majority of 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate in order to proceed to a simple majority vote on a Supreme Court nominee or legislation .
The 60-vote super-majority threshold that gives the minority party power to hold up the majority party has forced the Senate over the decades to try to achieve bipartisanship in legislation and presidential appointments .
The Senate on Tuesday kicked off its formal debate on confirming Gorsuch , a Colorado-based appeals court judge , and McConnell said he would get the clock ticking toward a vote expected on Thursday to stop the Democrats ' filibuster .
Democrats on Monday amassed the votes needed to sustain the filibuster , prompting Republicans to move toward changing the rules .
Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley took to the Senate floor on Tuesday evening to rally support for the Gorsuch filibuster . His office said in a statement that he `` plans to hold the floor and refuse to yield for as long as he is able to continue speaking . '' Merkley 's `` talking filibuster '' is not expected to affect the Republican timetable for Gorsuch 's confirmation .
The filibuster in one form or another dates back to the 19th century but assumed its current form in the 1970s .
The Democrats were the first to use the `` nuclear option . '' In 2013 , when they controlled the Senate , they changed it to bar filibusters for executive branch nominees and federal judges aside from Supreme Court justices . They did so after Republicans filibustered Obama 's appeals court nominees .
`` Democrats are now being pushed by far-left interest groups into doing something truly detrimental to this body and to our country , '' McConnell said on the Senate floor . `` They seem to be hurtling toward the abyss this time , and trying to take the Senate with them . ''
Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer , leading the filibuster effort , said it was the Republicans who bore responsibility for the crisis and for deciding , as he said , to `` break the rules . ''
He noted that the Senate , under McConnell 's guidance , refused last year to consider Obama 's nomination of appellate judge Merrick Garland to fill the same high court vacancy that Trump elected Gorsuch to fill .
`` What the majority leader did to Merrick Garland by denying him even a hearing and a vote is even worse than a filibuster , '' Schumer said on the Senate floor .
Restoring the nine-seat high court 's conservative majority would fulfil one of Trump 's top promises during the 2016 presidential campaign .
Republicans say Gorsuch is well qualified for the job and that there is no principled reason to oppose him . Democrats say he is so conservative as to be outside the judicial mainstream , has favoured corporate interests over ordinary Americans in legal opinions , and has shown insufficient independence from Trump .
( Reporting by Lawrence Hurley ; Additional reporting by Richard Cowan and Tim Ahmann ; Editing by Will Dunham )
FILE PHOTO : An employee cleans a Snapdeal logo at its headquarters in Gurugram on the outskirts of New Delhi , India April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
MUMBAI The founders of India 's Snapdeal told employees in an email on Sunday that the e-commerce company will ensure there is no disruption to staff `` as the way forward becomes clear , '' as speculation of a takeover swirls .
The email , seen by Reuters , tacitly acknowledged that a sale of the company could be in the offing , and it sought to calm the concerns of employees at India 's No . 3 e-commerce player .
Snapdeal has for weeks been at the center of much takeover speculation , with its largest backer Japan 's Softbank , seen as keen to sell the company to its larger rival , Tiger Global-backed Flipkart .
Snapdeal has so far declined to comment on sale talks and said that it remains focused on achieving profitability . But recent layoffs at the company and heightened speculation around a takeover has spooked some employees , who have begun to look for new jobs .
In the e-mail , Snapdeal 's founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal said their priority was to ensure the well-being of employees amid the `` speculation '' surrounding the company .
`` We will do all that we can , and more , in working with our investors to ensure there is no disruption in employment and that there are positive professionals as well as financial outcomes for the team as the way forward becomes clear , '' the duo said in the letter .
A spokesman for Snapdeal said the message was `` intended to inform the team - in an authentic way - that the founders were acutely aware and actively engaged in ensuring the well-being of the team . ''
A Snapdeal source who had read the email said such assurances at this stage were not comforting , however , as `` employees feel left in the lurch . ''
In the e-mail , the founders said salary increments for employees , to be announced over the next two weeks , will be more than last year 's due to the `` incredible progress '' made by the company .
Sources say Snapdeal , which last year lost the No . 2 spot in the Indian e-commerce market to Amazon , had been eyeing a public listing in two years .
Employees with stock options who had been hoping for a large payout from a listing now fear their options may be worthless if the company is sold .
Another source familiar with the sale discussions said a deal with Flipkart is at the structuring stage and is likely to get announced within a month .
Snapdeal , Flipkart and Softbank declined to comment on the likelihood , or timing of any deal .
( Editing by Euan Rocha and Hugh Lawson )
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY , Va. -- The family of an 8-year-old boy with type 1 diabetes is hoping to raise $ 15,000 to get their son a K-9 companion they believe could save his life .
Prince George County second-grader Bentley Garter was diagnosed in February .
As a result , Bentley has to endure multiple finger pricks and shots a day in an attempt to regulate his sugar levels .
`` He 's got to get his finger pricked five to six times a day , '' said Bentley 's mom , Kendall Garter .
`` I can choose any finger , '' Bentley replied .
While those needles are are small , there are larger ones used to administer four shots each day .
`` I get them in my arm and stomach , '' Bentley explained .
Because of his age , Bentley can not tell if his glucose levels are too high or low . In fact , in fact his mother said he always tells her he feels fine .
`` It 's a daily struggle trying to be a normal kid while having to worry about if his blood sugar is on track , '' Kendall Garter said .
The family said that the technology used to monitor their son 's sugar levels is often inaccurate , so they want to get a Diabetic Alert Dog . The pup would alert Bentley -- and his mother and father -- when there is an issue with his sugar levels .
The young family with three children can not afford the hefty $ 15,000 price tag , but understand how vital it is to keep Bentley safe .
As a result , his parents are planning multiple fundraisers to help finance the K-9 . One event includes a Richmond Flying Squirrels game at the Diamond on July 28 . The team is letting the family sell tickets for that day and they get a portion of every ticket they sell .
Bentley has already named the dog `` Milo , '' which he said stands for My Low Sugar .
However , he is on a waiting list for the dog , which when approved , will still require 6-8 months for training before Milo heads to Prince George .
`` I 'm hoping within a year he will be able to bring 'Milo ' home , '' Kendall Garter said .
Click here for more information on how you can help make Milo a reality for Bentley .
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital , as manager of fund , announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
DUBAI , April 29 Saudi Arabia 's Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Saturday there was consensus with Central Asia over oil markets and production levels .
Falih , who had arrived on a visit to Turkmenistan earlier and is on a tour of Central Asian nations , also tweeted there was agreement with the region on the necessity of sticking to production cuts . ( Reporting By Maha El Dahan ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
Wells Fargo is in trouble once again — this time for fees charged to customers trying to nail down a mortgage .
The scandal-ridden bank said on Wednesday that some mortgage borrowers were inappropriately charged for missing a deadline to lock in promised interest rates , even though the delays were Wells Fargo 's fault .
Wells Fargo said it will reach out to all 110,000 customers who were charged “ mortgage rate lock extension fees ” between September 2013 and this February . The bank promised to refund customers “ who believe they should n't have paid those fees . ”
Here 's what happened : Interest rates offered on Wells Fargo mortgages typically carry expiration dates . Sometimes , those rates expire before the loan closes . The delay can be the bank 's fault or the borrower 's . If it 's the borrower 's fault , customers can pay a fee to extend the rate .
However , four former Wells Fargo employees told Congress in a letter last year that the bank blamed customers for mortgage paperwork delays even when it was the bank 's fault . The letter was first reported by ProPublica in January .
The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is investigating the matter , according to Wells Fargo regulatory filings .
Related : Elizabeth Warren to Wells Fargo CEO : ‘ You should be fired '
Now Wells Fargo says an internal review by the bank supports these claims .
Wells Fargo said on Wednesday that the review determined that the mortgage rate lock policy “ was , at times , not consistently applied. ” In some cases , borrowers were charged fees even though Wells Fargo was “ primarily responsible for the delays , ” the bank said .
It 's not clear how many customers were wronged . A total of about $ 98 million in rate lock extension fees was charged to 110,000 borrowers . Wells Fargo said it believes a “ substantial number ” of the charges were appropriate .
The bank said it plans to reach out to all of those customers later this year . “ It 's not going to be a complicated process , ” a Wells Fargo spokesman said .
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement that the bank is paying the refunds “ as part of our ongoing efforts to rebuild trust ” with customers .
Related : Wells Fargo accused of lying to Congress
The mortgage mess is the latest black eye for Wells Fargo in a year of scandal . The bank has fired 5,300 employees for the creation of many as 3.5 million fake accounts . Thousands of customers were charged fees for accounts they did n't open . The bank has blamed an out-of-control sales culture .
Wells Fargo has also said it charged up to 570,000 borrowers for car insurance they did n't need . About 20,000 of them may have had their vehicles repossessed as a result .
And Wells Fargo has been accused in a lawsuit of ripping off mom-and-pop businesses by overcharging them for processing credit card transactions .
Patricia McCoy , a former CFPB mortgage official , said the disclosure about the mortgage rate fees fits a pattern .
“ Wells Fargo had a business model , until all of this came to light , that emphasized generating fees charged to consumers under duplicitous circumstances simply for the sake of padding revenue , ” said McCoy , who is now a professor at Boston College Law School .
Testifying before the Senate on Tuesday , Wells Fargo 's CEO insisted that the bank has made fundamental changes to fix its broken culture .
“ The past year has been humbling and challenging , ” Sloan said . “ We are resolving past problems even as we make changes to ensure nothing like this happens again at Wells Fargo . ”
PARIS Eleven candidates got the go-ahead on Saturday to run in France 's presidential election in a vote that independent centrist Emmanuel Macron remains favourite to win .
French voters go the polls on April 23 and May 7 in the two-round election , which is being closely followed outside France as another test of popular discontent with traditional parties and institutions like the European Union .
The campaign has been highly unpredictable , dominated by a fraud investigation into conservative Francois Fillon , which has cost him his place as election front-runner .
French voters will have a choice of 11 candidates after the country 's Constitutional Council announced the list of contenders that had met conditions to stand . [ nL5N1GU4QX ]
In addition to leading candidates Macron , Fillon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen , the list included three candidates who passed the threshold of 500 elected officials just in time : Jacques Cheminade and Philippe Poutou of small far-left parties and centrist lawmaker Jean Lasalle .
The expiry of the deadline would put paid to any further attempts by members of the conservative Republicans party to seek an alternative candidate to Fillon , who is being investigated on suspicion of misusing public funds to pay his wife and children and over a gift of expensive suits .
A BVA poll for Orange released on Saturday showed Macron was best placed to win . He was second in first-round voting intentions , a point behind the National Front 's Le Pen who had 26 percent , but would win a run-off against his far-right opponent 62-38 , according to the survey .
Fillon has slipped to third in the polls , recording 19.5 percent in the BVA survey , suggesting he would fail to reach the run-off .
Benoit Hamon , the ruling Socialist party 's candidate , ranked fourth with 12.5 percent , the poll showed , only slightly ahead of radical left-wing contender Jean-Luc Melenchon .
Several thousand supporters cheered Melenchon on Saturday at a central Paris rally billed as a show of force after he spurned Hamon 's overtures to join him .
The left 's divisions have favoured the emergence of Macron , a 39-year-old former economy minister of incumbent Socialist President Francois Hollande .
Macron on Saturday said he wanted to restore military service to France for some 600,000 young people each year as part of efforts to face a world entering an era of `` turbulence '' comparable to the Cold War .
The shooting of a man who attacked a soldier at Paris Orly airport on Saturday refocused attention on security , a major concern after a series of attacks by Islamist militants .
Le Pen blames immigration and shortcomings in the EU for contributing to security risks , and has promised to take France out of the euro zone and hold a referendum on its EU membership .
Her popularity has been a concern for international investors , and a rise in her ratings in another poll on Friday pushed the euro lower . [ FRX/ ]
( Reporting by John Irish and Gus Trompiz ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ( C ) stands and observes a minute of silence for the victims of two separate church attacks during Palm Sunday prayers , with leaders of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and the Supreme Council for Police to discuss developments in the security situation in Egypt , as well as developments in the country 's fight against terrorism , at the Ittihadiya presidential palace in Cairo , Egypt , April 9 , 2017 , in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency . The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
OTTAWA — A man has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after a van struck pedestrians along one of Toronto 's busiest thoroughfares , conjuring memories of recent similar attacks , including in France , Germany and Spain .
Monday 's events sent the city reeling , sowing confusion and fear . So why have no terrorism charges been laid in the case ?
Here 's a look at the Canadian legal regime on terrorism :
DEFINITION : The Criminal Code defines terrorism as an act carried out `` for a political , religious or ideological purpose , objective or cause '' intended to intimidate the public by causing death or serious bodily harm , endangering health and safety , or interfering with an essential service .
OFFENCES : The code includes offences that target financing and participation in a terrorist group , as well as facilitating and instructing others to commit terrorist acts .
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY : When Criminal Code offences for terrorism were introduced as a part of the Anti-Terrorism Act in 2001 , Parliament decided that one of the things that should help distinguish such offences from other forms of violent crime was the specific motivational definition , said Wesley Wark of the University of Ottawa 's graduate school of public and international affairs .
`` Some violent crimes may have the same effect as terrorism but if the motivational element can not be demonstrated then they are not considered , legally , acts of terrorism , even if they terrorize , '' Wark said .
It can also be difficult for police and legal counsel to establish the motivation in a way that meets the evidentiary standards of a court , he added .
The terrorism offences in Canadian law `` do not work well '' with so-called lone-wolf suspects who act on their own , given the code 's emphasis on participating in or contributing to the activities of a terrorist group , said Kent Roach , a law professor at the University of Toronto who has written extensively about national security .
OTHER CASES : There is expert consensus that whenever it 's appropriate to lay terrorism charges , that should happen , even if it makes no ultimate difference to the criminal sanction , such as the length of sentence imposed , Wark said .
March 28 ReproCell Inc :
* Says 670 of 12th warrants were exercised into 670,000 shares of its common shares from March 1 to March 28 , comprised of 50,000 shares at exercise price 396 yen , 90,000 shares at 392 yen , 220,000 shares at 390 yen , 40,000 shares at 381 yen , 20,000 shares at 377 yen , 50,000 shares at 373 yen , 50,000 shares at 370 yen and 150,000 shares at exercise price 362 yen
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/WvaSrn
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Lucky Links Day ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Lucky Links Day '' game were :
01-02-07-11-15-16-18-20
( one , two , seven , eleven , fifteen , sixteen , eighteen , twenty )
Армия Израиля обстреляла позиции членов палестинского движения Хамас в секторе Газа .
Об этом сообщают вооруженные силы страны в Twitter .
In response to the rocket launched towards Israel , an IDF tank & the IAF targeted Hamas terror posts in the northern Gaza Strip . The IDF holds the Hamas terror organization accountable for this hostile act originating in the Gaza Strip
OSLO , April 28 Oil tanker firm Frontline said on Friday the high court in the Marshall Islands has agreed to hear on May 17 its complaint against takeover target DHT , which is incorporated in the remote Pacific republic , over a rival deal with BW Offshore .
Frontline , controlled by Norwegian billionaire Fredriksen and owner of a 14.5 percent stake in DHT , has over the past year tried to acquire all of DHT 's shares and is opposing what it called `` unfair transaction documents '' in a defensive deal struck by DHT to give BW Group a 45 percent stake in DHT .
No one at DHT was immediately available to comment . ( Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. - The New Year is a popular time to set goals for yourself , however a recent study reveals that only 8 % of people actually succeed in achieving their goals . Best Selling Author and Corporate Wellness Strategist Donna L. Hamilton , Chief Wellness Officer and owner of “ Manifest Excellence , ” was back in our studio to share her tips for how to achieve your resolutions this year . Dr. Hamilton advised that setting realistic goals and a clear action plan can make all of the difference this year in achieving your resolutions . For more information you can visit http : //www.manifestexcellence.com
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ARTIFEX MUNDI SA :
* SAID ON THURSDAY THAT IT WILL BOOK A 5.1 MILLION ZLOTY IMPAIRMENT CHARGE AFTER IMPAIRMENT TESTS OF THREE FREE-TO-PLAY GAMES ' PROJECTS
* THE CHARGE IS COMPRISED OF 69.2 % OF ACTIVATED COSTS OF ‘ NIGHTMARES FROM THE DEEP : A HIDDEN OBJECT ADVENTURE ' AND ‘ KATE MALONE : HIDDEN OBJECT DETECTIVE ' PROJECTS
* IT FINDS THAT THE TWO PROJECT HAVE THE MARKET POTENTIAL AND WILL CONTINUE TO DEVELOP THEM
* MANAGEMENT ALSO DECIDED TO SUSPEND PRODUCTION OF “ SPELLBLADE : MATCH-3 PUZZLE RPG ” WHICH RESULTED IN 0.8 MILLION ZLOTY IMPAIRMENT
* ABOVEMENTIONED IMPAIRMENTS TOGETHER WITH THE ONES ANNOUNCED ON DEC. 29 WOULD LOWER FY 2017 GROSS FINANCIAL RESULT BY 10 MILLION ZLOTYS
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Wellingtonians have spared no expense in letting Aucklanders know the capital city has been named the world 's most liveable city .
A full page ad by the Wellington Regional Economic Development Agency ( Wreda ) appears on the front of the New Zealand Herald today .
It was done in a bid to further tap into the many Aucklanders travelling to Wellington for business and pleasure yearly .
Wreda manager of venues marketing and destination development David Perks said it was important to get across that New Zealand had more than one city .
Advertisement
`` We have of course been named the number one most livable city in the world ( Deutsche Bank 2018 ) and we are proud and pleased to share that with Auckland . We love Auckland and we know Aucklanders love Wellington . ''
Wreda and Auckland Tourism , Events and Economic Development ( Ateed ) worked closely on a lot of things , so the ad would be taken in good faith , he said .
The ad campaign was part of a push to advertise the capital city beyond the numerous visitors for the Auckland region who were already travelling between the two cities , he said .
Ateed general manager of destination Steve Armitage said the confirmaton of most liveable city was a `` great award for Wellington , and we 'd like to pass on our congratulations '' .
`` Wellingtonians are always claiming that 'you ca n't beat Wellington on a good day '' , but for the other 364 days of the year Auckland 's world class food and beverage , beaches and natural attractions simply can not be beaten , '' he quipped .
Following are news stories , press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland 's financial markets on Tuesday . ALL TIMES GMT ( Poland : GMT + 2 hours ) :
HELICOPTER TENDER
Polish defence ministry has received offers for 16 helicopters worth about 3 billion zloties ( $ 768.56 million ) from Italy 's Leonardo , Lockheed Martin , and Airbus Helicopters , Rzeczpospolita daily reported citing a defence ministry statement .
MOODY 'S
Rating agency Moody 's Investors Service has raised its forecast for Poland 's 2017 gross domestic product growth to 3.2 percent from 2.9 percent previously , the agency said in a report .
ZLOTY
The Polish zloty currency has hit a 12-month high against the euro on Monday and remained close to this level on Tuesday morning , the Reuters system showed .
ASTRAZENECA
AstraZeneca plans to employ over 400 people this year in its financial , research and human resources centres in Poland , head of the company 's Polish unit Jarek Oleszczuk told Puls Biznesu daily .
* * * * Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy . * * * *
For other related news , double-click on : Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes , double-click on : Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX ( Reporting by Warsaw Newsroom )
COEBURN , Va. — Tracy Stallard , the pitcher who gave up Roger Maris ' record 61st home run in 1961 , has died . He was 80 .
The Sturgill Funeral Home in Coeburn , Va. , said Monday that Stallard died Wednesday at the Holston Valley Medical Center in Kingsport , Tenn .
He was on the mound for Boston in 1961 when Maris broke the single-season record that Babe Ruth had held since 1927 . The record stayed until 1998 .
Stallard went 30-57 with a 4.17 career ERA while pitching for the Red Sox ( 1960-62 ) , New York Mets ( 1963-64 ) and St. Louis Cardinals ( 1965-66 ) .
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
CLEVELAND — The Indians are working on a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller 's sore right knee .
Miller , on the disabled list for the second time this season , visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York . Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday he intends to meet with Miller , the team 's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to `` map out what we want to do . ''
Francona anticipates the team releasing more information Thursday , when the club opens a four-game series in Minnesota .
Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option .
The future is grim . And also very familiar .
Netflix 's new sci-fi extravaganza `` Altered Carbon '' offers a neon-coloured future where technology has made people question what really makes us human .
Based on the 2002 book by Richard K. Morgan and created by Laeta Kalogridis ( Terminator Genisys , Shutter Island ) , Carbon is a weak sci-fi tale about a world in which humanity can transfer consciousness from one body to another . The series is a bit too reminiscent of sci-fi classics like Blade Runner in its visuals and plotting , and it has trouble getting its bloated story off the ground .
Carbon enters its future world through the eyes of Takeshi Kovacs , a supersoldier known as an `` Envoy '' who is killed in the first few minutes of the première ( played by Byron Mann ) and his consciousness , or `` stack , '' is put on ice for 250 years .
In the future , it 's placed in a new body , or `` sleeve '' ( Joel Kinnaman ) after the wealthy Laurens Bancroft ( James Purefoy ) buys and assigns him to solve Bancroft 's own murder .
Kovacs ' investigation is closely watched by Det . Kristin Ortega ( Martha Higareda ) , who could n't solve the murder . She 's suspicious of the wealthy class of `` Meths , '' a group of people so rich they can afford to keep `` re-sleeving '' themselves and essentially live forever . The lower classes , meanwhile , are lucky if they can re-sleeve even once . Kovacs eventually recruits Vernon Elliot ( Ato Essandoh ) , whose daughter was murdered and trapped in a kind of psychological torture in her own stack .
When Carbon focuses on Bancroft 's murder , it 's most successful , unspooling a mystery entwined with vice and riches . But more often , it gets lost in extraneous subplots and characters . Visually , the series is so dark you ca n't see the action . A futuristic San Francisco , called `` Bay City , '' is littered with neon advertisements and flying cars . It 's clear that Carbon was expensive , and its effects are clean but rather uninspired . The world it creates is intriguing but clumsily set up , with so much exposition forced into the dialogue it becomes jarring . And the show takes itself so seriously that episodes are often weighed down by their own ponderousness .
Kinnaman is fine in the lead role , but Carbon is n't helped by putting the consciousness of an Asian man in a white man 's body , a tone-deaf move amid Hollywood controversy about whitewashing Asian characters . One might argue that the body-swapping concept makes it `` postracial , '' but race is clearly an aspect of this future world , from a rich kid who spits slurs at Japanese party guests to Ortega , who speaks Spanish at home with her mother , a devout `` neo-Catholic . ''
Carbon also is often gratuitously violent and sexual , leaning on its gore and nudity as filler when the story drags . Sure , in a world in which bodies are expendable , violence against them might be common and taboos rare . But the series never explains the ethics of violence in its future world , as some characters embrace it while others express disdain . It also revels in its exploitation of blood and ( mostly ) female nudity to titillate male sci-fi fans .
With Carbon , Westworld , Star Trek : Discovery and Philip K. Dick 's Electric Dreams , sci-fi is having a moment again on TV , especially on streaming services .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Nanfang Black Sesame Group Co Ltd
* Says it will invest 10 million yuan in Nanning-based investment management fund
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/a4HXUr
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Arab official meets with Kazakh Minister of Information and Communications
Image
End
-- UAE , February 15 , 2017 - H.E . Eng . Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansoori , Minister of Economy , called for stronger cooperation between the UAE and Kazakhstan in the areas of information systems , innovation , and smart cities during his meeting with Kazakh Minister of Information and Communications . Dauren Abayev . Their discussions revolved around the creation of joint mechanisms for facilitating cooperation and exchange of expertise in these key segments.Other high-profile government officials who took part in the meeting were Eng . Mohammed Ahmed Bin Abdulaziz Al-Shehhi , Undersecretary for Economic Affairs ; Humaid bin Butti Al Muhairi , Assistant Undersecretary for the Corporate Sector and Consumer Protection ; and Essam Al Falasi , Director of the Information Technology ( IT ) Department at Ministry of Economy . Arman Issagaliyev , Kazakhstan 's Consul General in the UAE , and other high-ranking Kazakh delegates attended as well.Amidst rapid global technological developments , the two sides acknowledged the growing role of information and communications technology ( ICT ) in innovation- and knowledge-driven economic progress and sustainable development . As such , both parties underscored various collaborative opportunities to exchange experiences in the vital ICT sector . This strategic coordination will strengthen and bring to a higher level the bilateral relations between the two countries.H.E . Al Mansoori attributed the robust relations between the UAE and Kazakhstan to their willingness to enhance their economic and trade ties and leverage their strategic geographical locations , strengths , and potentials.According to the Minister , the foreign trade volume between the two countries exceeded USD 270 million in 2015 and reached more than USD 180 million during the first three quarters of 2016 . He expects these numbers to grow further in light of the two states ' joint efforts in a number of fundamental sectors.ICT and smart cities present promising opportunities for cooperation in terms of transferring experiences and expertise , enhancing investments , and establishing joint ventures , he added.Abayev , on the other hand , expressed his nation 's interest in strengthening its links to the Emirates and learning from the UAE 's march towards becoming a premier global investment and business destination.Abayev added that Kazakhstan is now reinforcing its business and legislative ICT infrastructure according to their respective growth requirements . In addition , he expressed his desire to exchange ICT expertise and experiences with the UAE .
ABU DHABI , April 20 Mubadala Capital , an arm of Abu Dhabi 's state fund Mubadala , said it had conudcted a private equity transaction with European fund manager Ardian , which had committed to invest $ 2.5 billion in the deal .
It is the first time that Mubadala Capital is accepting capital from third-party investors , Mubadala said in a statement on Thursday .
The deal has two components : Ardian is acquiring an interest in a private equity portfolio currently managed by Mubadala Capital , and Mubadala is establishing a new private equity fund in which Ardian will be a lead investor . ( Reporting by Stanley Carvalho ; Writing by Saeed Azhar ; Editing by Andrew Torchia )
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during a joint news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi , Russia , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
SOCHI , Russia German Chancellor Angela Merkel , asked on a trip to Russia about the threat of Russian interference during this year 's German election campaign , said she was not a fearful person and would counter unreliable information with facts .
`` I am not an anxious person , I will fight the election on the basis of my convictions , '' she said at a news conference with Russia President Vladimir Putin , adding Germans would deal decisively with any cases of wrong information .
`` We know cyber criminality is an international challenge .. but we expect that the German election will go ahead unharmed and that we have enough different positions to tackle a range of topics , '' she said .
( Reporting by Andreas Rinke ; Writing by Madeline Chambers ; Editing by Michael Nienaber )
BEIJING May 2 China on Tuesday reiterated its opposition to the deployment of the U.S. THAAD anti-missile defence system in South Korea and urged it to be stopped immediately .
The Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system has reached an initial operating capability to defend against North Korean missiles , U.S. officials said on Monday , forging ahead with its deployment despite China 's objections .
`` We will resolutely take necessary measures to defend our interests , '' Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily news briefing , without elaborating .
Beijing argues THAAD 's radar could be used to spy into its territory , despite assurances from Washington that THAAD is purely defensive .
U.S. President Donald Trump has urged China to do more to rein in its neighbour 's nuclear and missile programmes and recently has been full of praise of Chinese President Xi Jinping 's efforts .
The North is technically still at war with the South after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce , not a treaty , and regularly threatens to destroy the United States , Japan and South Korea .
( Reporting by Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
Wednesday 's SYNC program features Santa Barbara native , former supermodel and one of the world 's leading businesswomen
Catalyst For Thought , a nonprofit organization that helps entrepreneurs develop their ideas , will feature entrepreneur Kathy Ireland at its next SYNC event Wednesday at Fess Parker 's DoubleTree Resort .
Ireland , a Santa Barbara native , retired supermodel and founder of kathy ireland Worldwide , will discuss overcoming rejection and challenges in business , how to cater to one 's clients and starting simple by focusing on a niche .
“ As a woman in business it 's always an amazing opportunity to be inspired by other business leaders , especially a woman who does it with such class and intelligence , ” Catalyst For Thought founder Chrissy Deferville said .
Ireland left her modeling career to start a design and marketing firm that began with a pair of socks in 1993 and has grown to a $ 1.5 billion company , according to Forbes . kathy ireland Worldwide designs and markets more than 45,000 stock-keeping units that are sold in more than 50 countries .
The company 's products include furniture , clothing accessories , skin care , real estate , music and publishing . Ireland is one of the 20 Best-Branded Women on Twitter and the No . 28 most powerfully licensed brand in the world , according to License Global Magazine .
A cocktail reception will begin at 5:30 p.m. Wednesday and Ireland will speak at 7 p.m. in the Reagan Room at Fess Parker 's DoubleTree Resort , 633 E. Cabrillo Blvd .
Tickets are $ 15 with an online RSPV or $ 20 at the door . Click here to purchase tickets online .
Net proceeds from Wednesday 's program will benefit the Alliance for Christian Education .
The event 's lead sponsor is Davies . Other sponsors include Noozhawk ; AMS Entertainment ; Avalan Wealth Management ; Bartlett , Pringle & Wolf LLP ; the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College ; HUB International ; Inn of the Spanish Garden ; LBPS Events ; Pepperdine University 's Graziado School of Business & Management ; Rogers , Sheffield & Campbell ; and the Santa Barbara Independent .
Click here for more information about Catalyst for Thought . Connect with Catalyst for Thought on Facebook . Follow Catalyst on Twitter : @ CatalystSB .
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
A bird flies by the Vedanta office building in Mumbai August 16 , 2010 . REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
Indian mining company Vedanta Resources Plc ( VED.L ) said on Thursday it has extended Chief Executive Tom Albanese 's contract by five months until the end of August .
The three-year contract was due to expire on Friday .
Vedanta 's executive chairman Anil Agarwal is leading the succession process to identify candidates to replace Albanese , the company said .
Vedanta was hit by the slump in commodities prices . Its revenue fell 16.6 percent last year to 10.7 billion pounds , its lowest in six years , while profit before tax , excluding special items , plunged 79.5 percent .
Vedanta 's shares have fallen 12.4 percent since Albanese , the former head of Rio Tinto Plc ( RIO.L ) ( RIO.AX ) , took the helm in April 2014 .
( Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
China 's President Xi Jinping and China 's Premier Li Keqiang press voting buttons during the closing session of China 's National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Friday slammed China on a range of trade issues from its chronic industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and long-standing bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services .
The annual trade barriers list from the U.S. Trade Representative 's office sets up more areas of potential irritation for the first face-to-face meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week in Florida .
USTR , controlled by the White House , said that Chinese government industrial policies and financial support for industries such as steel and aluminium have resulted in over-production and a flood of exports that have distorted global markets and undermined competitive companies .
`` While China has begun to take steps to address steel excess capacity , these steps have been inadequate to date and even fewer efforts have been taken by China in aluminium and other sectors , '' USTR said in the report .
The USTR released the list of trade irritants in 63 countries just after senior Trump trade officials announced an executive order to study the causes of U.S. trade deficits .
The report said China also is using a series of cybersecurity restrictions as part of an apparent long-term goal to replace foreign information and communications technology products and services with locally produced versions .
USTR also accused China of using a range of measures to engineer the transfer of foreign technology to local firms . It said these include denying financial or regulatory approvals to companies using foreign-owned intellectual property or that do not conduct research or manufacture products in China .
`` China also reportedly conditions foreign investment approvals on technology transfer to Chinese entities , mandates adverse licensing terms on foreign IP licensors , uses anti-monopoly laws to extract technology on unreasonable terms and subsidizes acquisition of foreign high technology firms to bring technology to the Chinese parent companies . ''
Gaps in IP rights enforcement have allowed the misappropriation of foreign IP and trade secrets , both within and outside of China .
USTR 's criticisms are consistent with increasingly vocal concerns raised by international business groups about what they see as a worsening business climate for foreign firms in China , as well as China 's goal to boost domestic manufacturing content in 10 sectors from robotics to biopharmaceuticals .
Earlier this month , the European Union Chamber of Commerce said the `` Made in China 2025 '' plan amounts to a `` large-scale import substitution plan aimed at nationalizing key industries '' or `` severely curtailing the position of foreign business . ''
USTR also brought up longstanding complaints about online piracy of movies , books , music , video games and software in China as well as a ban on U.S. beef that has been in place since 2003 .
It said delays in China 's approval process for agricultural products derived from biotechnology also worsened in 2016 , hurting U.S. corn exports .
( Reporting by David Lawder ; Editing by Michael Perry )
JAKARTA , April 28 Indonesia 's central bank loosened regulations on reserve requirements on Friday to allow banks some flexibility to better manage liquidity , a step aimed at reducing volatility in the overnight money market .
From July , banks must keep a minimum 5 percent of their total deposits at Bank Indonesia ( BI ) everyday and maintain at least a 6.5 percent average of total deposits in the period of two weeks . Banks would get an interest of 2.5 percent from BI .
Under existing rules , banks must park at least 6.5 percent of deposits at the central bank everyday .
Dody Budi Waluyo , executive director of economic and monetary policy , told a news conference earlier this week the new regime gives banks 1.5 percentage points of flexibility in managing day-to-day reserve requirements . His remarks were embargoed until the announcement .
`` There 's a large surplus of liquidity in the system right now , but the distribution is not equal among banks and ... smaller banks do n't always have access to borrow from bigger banks in the money market , '' Waluyo said , adding that the policy is aimed at tackling such a problem .
Waluyo said the new rules mean banks will not need to resort to the overnight money market to meet their daily reserve requirements if they miscalculate their daily deposit needs . This should help make the market less volatile , he said .
A bank with an abundant amount of cash can also opt to invest in a better-yielding instrument rather than park it at the central bank , which would be more profitable , Waluyo added .
The measure was already announced at the central bank 's annual dinner with bankers last year and received a positive response .
On Thursday , Kartika Wirjoatmodjo , chairman of Indonesian Banks Association and the chief executive of the biggest bank by asset Bank Mandiri , said the relaxation of reserve requirement rules would make banks ' liquidity management more optimal .
BI kept its benchmark rate unchanged for the sixth straight meeting last week , saying its policy stance was leaning toward neutral .
Walujo reiterated on Friday that the latest measure was not a change of policy stance , but that the central bank was `` complying with common practice in many central banks . ''
Last year , its policy was more pro-growth , when it slashed the benchmark rate six times by 150 basis points and made several cuts to banks ' reserve requirement ratio . ( Reporting by Gayatri Suroyo and Cindy Silviana ; Additional reporting by Hidayat Setiaji ; Editing by Jacqueline Wong )
The price of wine is going up .
Global wine production slumped to its lowest level in 60 years in 2017 , according to data from the International Organisation of Vine and Wine .
The most recent harvest produced 25 billion liters of wine , a decrease from 26.7 billion in 2016 and 27.6 billion in 2015 . The decline was driven by weak harvests in key markets including Europe and South Africa .
The shortage has caused the wholesale price of basic wine in Italy to skyrocket 74 % over the previous year , according to the European Commission . Prices are up 45 % in Spain and over 10 % in France .
Analysts said that producers , dealers and retailers will absorb some of the price hikes , but consumers will end up paying more — especially for cheaper bottles .
“ The wine companies that are targeting very low prices … will be hit the worst , because their margins are very low , ” said Stephen Rannekleiv , a global beverages strategist at Rabobank . “ When prices go up , it puts a lot of strain on them . ”
Reduced supply will also hurt quality .
“ There will be , in some cases , lower quality wines getting blended into slightly higher value products , so everyone kind of goes down a tier in quality , ” said Rannekleiv .
Related : Forget craft beer . The next craze is non-alcoholic brew
Producers were the hardest hit in Europe , where heavy hailstorms and harsh frosts damaged vineyards in early 2017 before a summer drought took its toll . The continent accounts for 65 % of global wine production , and 57 % of consumption .
European production dropped 15 % in 2017 . Production fell 21 % in Italy , 18 % in France and 15 % in Spain , according to the Commission .
Other regions had problems , too .
Wildfires destroyed or tainted some of the harvest in California , and drought harmed vineyards in South Africa . Warm weather can cause grapes to ripen early and be smaller in size .
Rannekleiv said the result was a global harvest that was even worse than analysts had feared .
Related : Coke is launching an alcoholic drink in Japan
The pain could spread to other industries .
Rannekleiv said the slump in production means there will be less wine to divert for use in other products . Brandy and vinegar makers could be hurt , for example .
Apr 13 ( Reuters ) Japan Retail Fund Investment Corp FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS ( in billions of yen unless specified ) 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months ended Feb 28 , 2017 ended Aug 31 , 2016 to Aug 31 , 2017 to Feb 28 , 2018 LATEST PRIOR COMPANY COMPANY RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST FORECAST Revenues 31.59 37.08 31.04 31.26 ( -14.8 pct ) ( +15.8 pct ) ( -1.7 pct ) ( +0.7 pct ) Net 11.66 10.82 11.20 11.52 ( +7.8 pct ) ( -0.8 pct ) ( -4.0 pct ) ( +2.9 pct ) Div 4,250 yen 4,250 yen 4,250 yen 4,330 yen To see Company Overview page , click reuters : //REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=8953.T
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media ?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission .
March 31 China Candy Holdings Ltd
* Substantial shareholders and potential buyer entered into letter of intent
* Potential buyer proposed to make possible voluntary offer to acquire not less than 50 % of voting rights of company
* Has applied to stock exchange for resumption of trading in shares on gem with effect from 9:00 a.m. On 3 april 2017 Source text ( bit.ly/2nHETpe ) Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Britain Boxing - Anthony Joshua & Wladimir Klitschko Weigh-In - Wembley Arena - 28/4/17 Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko go head to head during the weigh-in Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge Livepic
LONDON IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua weighed in more than four kgs heavier than challenger Wladamir Klitschko ahead of their title fight in London .
The undefeated British fighter weighed at just over 113 kgs and the Ukrainian just under 109 kgs at Wembley Arena on Friday .
Joshua , 27 , is defending his title and bidding to add the vacant WBA and IBO crowns in front of a crowd of 90,000 at Wembley Stadium on Saturday .
Klitschko , 41 , signalled a V for victory sign as the pair faced off before nearly 5,000 chanting supporters .
`` I just have this feeling - this is my night , '' said Klitschko , who bookmakers rate as the underdog . `` It 's a big step for AJ . He has n't fought this type of quality of fighter yet . It 's going to be challenging for him - but challenging for me as well . ''
Joshua thanked the fans and added he is fully focussed for the fight . `` When you 're competing , it 's tunnel vision , '' he said . `` Even though there are so many beautiful people coming to watch , for now it has to be about tunnel vision . ''
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
BARCELONA Lionel Messi 's double strike helped Barcelona scrape a 3-2 victory over Real Sociedad on Saturday to keep up the pressure on La Liga leaders Real Madrid .
The Argentine scored twice and set up a third for Paco Alcacer as Barcelona saw off their Basque opponents , who pressed them until the end of a nervy encounter .
After Real Madrid 's last-gasp victory over Sporting Gijon earlier in the day the Catalans ' win takes them three points behind Los Blancos , having played one match more , ahead of next Sunday 's Clasico .
Messi put Barcelona ahead with a low drive and doubled the lead with a tap-in , but Sociedad hit back when Inigo Martinez 's shot bounced off Samuel Umtiti into the Barcelona net .
Alcacer extended the Catalans ' advantage before Xabi Prieto reduced the deficit to 3-2 just before halftime , while the second half stayed goalless despite pressure from the visitors .
( Editing by Toby Davis )
There were emotional scenes in the National Lottery Winner 's Room today as a couple from the South-East declared they can now buy their first ever home with their EuroMillions Plus winnings of €500,000 .
The couple , with children in their teens , have been renting the same house for several years and thought they would never be in a position to actually own their own home .
“ We are overjoyed . This means the world to us and is life-changing . With all the costs associated with rearing a family we simply have not been in a position to save enough for a deposit for a house . It was a dream of ours which we never thought would come true . This sets us up for life and gives us and our family great security . ”
The couple is regular EuroMillions players and did n't realise that their numbers had come up from last Friday night 's EuroMillions draw until the husband yestrday checked his ticket , which he had in his wallet . The Quick Pick was purchased in Carrolls Centra in Knocktopher , Co. Kilkenny .
“ I travel with my job and try to buy my EuroMillions tickets in different shops around the country . It just struck me yesterday that I had not checked my numbers from Friday 's draw . I went into a shop to have it scanned and a message came up to contact the National Lottery . ”
His wife was in the dentist when she got a text from her husband to call him urgently . “ I thought something terrible was wrong . I just could n't believe it when he told me the news . ”
The couple have already been checking out houses to buy in their home town and plan to also give modest cash gifts to close family members . “ With growing kids in the house we will have lots of other uses for the prize money . For us to have our own home , mortgage free , means the world . We both are working so not having to pay rent means we will have some more disposable income . ”
The couple recently booked a sun holiday for the family in Spain . “ We were going on a tight budget but now we can splurge a bit and really enjoy it , ” the ecstatic mum , who was on the verge of tears , said .
National Lottery Chief Executive Dermot Griffin said today : “ We absolutely delighted for this couple . This is what the National Lottery is all about – helping people fulfill their dreams . We wish them the very best of luck in the future and lots of happy years in their new home . ”
Meanwhile this Friday 's EuroMillions jackpot is expected to be approximately €75 million . Play in-store , on-line at lottery.ie or through the National Lottery App .
Nearly 30 cent in every Euro spent on National Lottery games go back to Good Causes all over Ireland in the areas of sport , youth , health , welfare , education , arts , heritage and the Irish language . More than €5 Billion has been raised for Good Causes since the National Lottery was established over 30 years ago . In 2017 alone , the National Lottery raised over €226 million for such good causes .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
The City of Hamilton is removing 65 dead or dying ash trees at Confederation Beach Park due to an ongoing emerald ash borer infestation .
The tree removal , happening this month , is expected to take about two weeks . Each ash tree will be replaced by a new tree species .
The ash trees , located along the Hamilton Waterfront Trail , are all showing signs of declining health .
As part of its city-wide emerald ash borer strategy , the city is removing dead or dying ash trees across Hamilton .
An illuminated euro sign is seen in front of the headquarters of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) in the late evening in Frankfurt January 8 , 2013 . REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
BRUSSELS/FRANKFURT Inflation surged and growth continued to accelerate in the euro zone , a plethora of indicators showed on Friday , keeping pressure on the European Central Bank to start dialling back its lavish stimulus measures as early as June .
Underlying inflation -- the price indicator most watched by the ECB -- blew past expectations to hit a three-year high . Household lending rose to its best rate since the global financial crisis while a measure of money in circulation , an indicator of coming economic activity , also jumped , suggesting that overall growth may be stronger than expected .
Still , the inflation figures were influenced by one-off factors -- including Easter spending -- so the ECB will probably maintain its plan to move only in increments and taking only the smallest of steps in June .
The ECB kept its ultra-easy policy stance steady on Thursday , even leaving the door open to more easing , arguing that underlying inflation is not showing any signs of a convincing upward trend , raising the risk that a premature exit would unravel its work .
While markets expect the ECB to tone down its language in June , removing its bias for further easing , ECB President Mario Draghi gave no hint of such moves on Thursday , only venturing to say that economic risks have receded .
Conservative policymakers , long opposed to the ECB 's stimulus , have warned that generous asset buys risk overheating the economy , could inflate asset bubbles and may push up inflation too quickly .
Confounding expectations , core inflation , or prices excluding food and energy , increased by 1.2 percent this month , higher than any analysts in a Reuters poll had predicted . While some of the rise may be due to pricing around Easter , the rate is the highest since the summer of 2013 .
Overall inflation meanwhile rose to 1.9 percent in April from 1.5 percent , essentially hitting the ECB 's own target of price growth just below 2 percent .
`` In May the inflation rate will no longer be affected by the Easter holiday ( so ) core inflation should then drop again to 0.9 percent , '' Commerzbank said .
`` The inflation rate as a whole will also fall back to 1.5 , '' Commerzbank predicted .
The euro jumped over a half a percent on the data EUR= with investors pricing in a more hawkish stance from the ECB at its next meeting .
NEXT MOVE
Though no actual tightening is seen for months to come , the ECB could remove all or some of its references to more easing , arguing that risks were balanced . It is then seen deciding in September , at the earliest , whether to extend its asset buying scheme beyond this year .
`` The ECB will not read too much into these ( inflation ) data . While we still see it tapering its asset purchases next year , the process will be fairly slow and interest rate hikes are a long way off , '' Capital Economics Chief European Economist Jennifer McKeown said .
Fighting ultra-low inflation into the fifth straight year , the ECB has cut rates deep into negative territory and plans to buy 2.3 trillion euros worth of bonds by the end of the year , all in the hope of boosting growth , which would then generate inflation .
Although price have come up quickly this year , the ECB has warned that much of this is due one-off energy price rises and inflation will then dip back .
Indeed , the ECB 's own survey of professional forecasters put core inflation at just 1.1 percent this year , predicting only incremental rises for years to come .
Still , household lending , another indicator of economic activity , hit its highest rate since 2009 last month while bushiness lending also jumped , suggesting that the ECB 's cash is making its way into the real economy .
Indeed , economic sentiment hit a near ten year high this month and Spanish GDP growth accelerated to an annual 3 percent this year , all pointing to relatively healthy growth .
( Additional reporting by Francesco Canepa Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
April 12 Spark New Zealand Ltd :
* Spark 's offer to acquire Teamtalk has now lapsed
* As previously advised , Spark New Zealand will not waive remaining conditions of its offer to acquire Teamtalk
* Noted shareholder vote at today 's Teamtalk special shareholder meeting to approve sale of a 70 % shareholding in Farmside Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 28 Phillips 66 Partners Lp :
* Phillips 66 Partners reports first-quarter earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.60
* Phillips 66 Partners Lp- increased quarterly distribution by 5 percent to $ 0.586 per common unit
* Qtrly total revenues and other income $ 234 million versus . $ 228 million in Q4
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.64 , revenue view $ 224.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Phillips 66 Partners Lp- stack project is expected to increase capacity by 150,000 BPD , with completion anticipated by end of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Robbie Williams will be joining his former Take That band members for a one off special on the finale of Gary Barlow 's Let It Shine .
Robbie Williams will once again take to the stage with Take That for the final of 'Let It Shine ' next weekend .
The 'Candy ' hitmaker has agreed to take to the stage with his former bandmates Mark Owen , Gary Barlow and Howard Donald on the popular BBC talent show on February 25 to give the nation a special performance of one of their biggest hits .
Picture | BBC
The 43-year-old singer will also take on the role of guest judge alongside Gary , Dannii Minogue and Martin Kemp as they decide , along with the public , which band will be crowned the winners of the series following weeks of performing on stage .
Robbie said : `` I 'm looking forward to being back with Gary , Mark and Howard on 'Let It Shine ' and am excited to be a guest judge for the very special final . ''
Robbie 's decision to rejoin his band , which he left in 2014 , comes soon after Gary revealed that he would like the Could It Be Magic hitmakers to celebrate 25 years together in 2017 .
And Robbie 's return wo n't be permanent as he 's got solo ventures to push through with including trying to crack America .
Picture | BBC
He said recently : `` Nobody knows who I am . I can look at them and they can look at me . I get to stare at them and they get to stare at me , but they do n't stare because they do n't know who I am . I do n't like this . I want this to change .
`` Back in the 1990s when I went out there to promote my album I was not really dealing with fame very well at all - if I am honest I was not really dealing with much very well . It was when I realised that the more fame I got , the more insane I became . So I just stopped as I needed a place where I was not famous , because that would be the sanest thing to do . So I just lived over there and nobody knows me . Now I have changed my mind and I really regret it . ''
( Repeats March 27 column . The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
* tmsnrt.rs/2ooqHz3
By Andy Home
LONDON , March 27 What you see is not what you get .
This is a truism for any metal stored in London Metal Exchange ( LME ) warehouses but it is particularly relevant in the lead market right now .
At a headline level there is plenty of metal in the LME storage system , 190,200 tonnes of it . The year-to-date change has been a marginal decline of 4,700 tonnes .
Scratch beneath the surface , though , and things look very different .
After a second major raid on LME lead stocks last week , only 77,925 tonnes of that headline figure are in the form of `` live '' warrants , available for contract settlement .
All the rest of it , 112,275 tonnes , or 59 percent of the total , are now in the form of cancelled warrants , available for physical load-out but not for LME trading purposes .
This scramble for units leaves the London contract vulnerable to cash-date tightness .
But will paper market tightness be accompanied by physical market tightness ? Because that seems to be the rationale for the double-wave of LME stocks grabs this year .
Graphic on LME lead stocks , open and cancelled tonnage :
tmsnrt.rs/2ooqHz3
STOCKS RAID V2:0
The LME 's daily stocks report released last Tuesday ( March 21 ) showed total lead cancellations of 43,625 tonnes , split across the Dutch ports of Vlissingen ( 33,150 tonnes ) and Rotterdam ( 5,600 tonnes ) and the Belgian port of Antwerp ( 4,875 tonnes ) .
It followed a similar-sized raid in January with the South Korean port of Busan accounting for the bulk of that month 's cancellations .
LME lead stocks have seen this sort of mass cancellation before . Metal departed one location only to reappear in another location a month or so later , a sure sign that warehousing storage costs rather than a physical shortage of units was the primary driver .
This time appears to be different with all the market chatter suggesting that metal is being hoarded in expectation of a tightening physical market .
And , perhaps tellingly , while the January stocks raid was laid at the door of the `` usual suspects '' , namely the handful of trading houses that are involved in physical lead merchanting , the most recent was attributed to a new face on the lead block .
The lead story , it seems , is starting to attract a wider audience .
TIGHTNESS TOMORROW ...
LME open tonnage is now at its lowest level since May 2013 , when it touched 52,600 tonnes , itself the lowest level since 2009 .
This shrinkage in liquid stocks promises more tension across the front part of the LME lead curve .
The benchmark cash-to-three-months spread flexed out to a $ 25.25 per tonne backwardation at one stage in January .
It ended last week valued at a relatively benign $ 10.50 contango but further tightness looks to be a question only of time unless exchange stocks rebuild soon .
But what of the physical market ?
Lead bulls argue that this too will tighten up later this year , following a similar trajectory to that mapped out for sister metal zinc .
As with zinc , there is already tangible evidence of tightness in the raw materials supply chain . Treatment charges for lead concentrate are currently at multi-year lows of around $ 20 per tonne , meaning smelters are having to accept wafer-thin conversion margins simply to get in enough material .
And as with zinc , the betting is that this scarcity will translate into a similar shortage of units in the refined lead market .
... BUT NOT TODAY ?
Quite evidently , it 's not happened yet . If it had , the metal that was cancelled in January would already have been loaded out of the LME system . But it has largely stayed in place , biding its time .
This unfolding bull lead story , mirroring that in zinc , is all about timing . But is it a fast-fuse narrative or a slow burner ?
Bulls hoping for the former will take heart from a surprise in the most recent Chinese trade figures for the month of February .
Imports of lead concentrate continued declining over the first two months of the year , attesting to those stresses in the raw materials part of the supply chain
But imports of refined lead also jumped to 9,500 tonnes in February . That may not sound like much but the last time China imported so much refined lead in a single month was in June 2009 .
The country has tended to be a small net exporter in the intervening period .
Since China is particularly exposed to any concentrates tightness due to the size of its smelting-refining sector , it 's tempting to see this jump in metal imports as a sign that tightness is already being transmitted into the refined market .
One month 's data , however , does not a trend make .
There are no obvious red flags that China is running short of lead metal .
Stocks of lead registered with the Shanghai Futures Exchange ( ShFE ) have risen by 45,450 tonnes since the start of January to a current 74,176 tonnes .
The structure of the Shanghai contract is one of contango through August this year , implying no pressure on spot availability .
And the arbitrage with London which briefly opened to imports prior to the end of 2016 has closed again .
A QUESTION OF SCRAP
The next few months ' trade figures out of China will bear close scrutiny .
But there is little to suggest right now that February 's import spike is anything other than a fleeting arbitrage-driven phenomenon .
The pressures building in the mine concentrates supply are expected to take longer to feed through into the refined metal market .
As ever with lead , though , bullish expectations could yet be undone by what happens in the secondary ( scrap ) part of the market .
Scrap metal supply is one of the least visible parts of any industrial metal market . And lead is no exception . The problem with lead , though , is that scrap is such a large component of total supply .
The world 's mines produced 4.7 million tonnes of contained lead last year , representing around 42 percent of total usage , according to figures from the International Lead and Zinc Study Group . The gap was filled by secondary lead .
To what extent scrap supply can flex to offset any tightness in the rest of the lead supply chain is perhaps the biggest `` known unknown '' in the market .
But quite evidently there are several players prepared to bet it ca n't .
( Editing by Susan Thomas )
Thousands turn up for Moze Radio 's Requiem Mass and Kololo Vigil
The Obudde singer , Moze Radio , was eulogized by all those who spoke during the requiem mass at Lubaga Cathedral , the singer 's remains were taken to Kololo Independence Grounds where several artists were performing mostly Goodlyfe songs .. Read More
April 20 Brookfield Property Partners Lp :
* Brookfield Property Partners enters into definitive agreement with Brookfield Canada Office Properties for going private transaction
* Brookfield Property Partners - bpy to acquire about 17 pct equity interest in box that it does not own for $ 32.50 cash per unit
* Brookfield Property Partners Lp - transaction provides total consideration to minority unitholders of box of approximately $ 515.7 million
* Brookfield Property Partners -unitholders of box will receive $ 32.50 in cash per unit , which is 8 pct more than bpy 's initial jan 23 offer
* Brookfield Property Partners Lp - box board of trustees intends to unanimously recommend that unitholders of box approve redemption
* Brookfield Property Partners-unitholders will be entitled to receive monthly distributions through to closing at current rate of $ 0.1092 per unit Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
FILE PHOTO : Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan attends an interview with Reuters at the Presidential Palace in Ankara , Turkey , April 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations Commissioner Johannes Hahn gestures as he addresses a news conference at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels , Belgium , September 17 , 2015 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo
VALLETTA Turkey under President Tayyip Erdoğan has turned its back on joining the European Union , at least for now , the bloc 's top official dealing with Ankara said , offering economic cooperation instead if both sides can restore friendly ties .
After years of stalemate on Turkey 's bid to join the world 's biggest trading bloc , EU governments say the process is dead , citing Erdoğan 's crackdown on dissidents , his 'Nazi ' jibes at Germany and a referendum giving him sweeping new powers that a rights group says lack checks and balances .
`` Everybody 's clear that , currently at least , Turkey is moving away from a European perspective , '' European Commissioner Johannes Hahn , who oversees EU membership bids , told Reuters .
`` The focus of our relationship has to be something else , '' he said in an interview after EU foreign ministers met in Malta and where France and Germany led efforts to consider a new deal with Ankara based on trade and security ties .
`` We have to see what could be done in the future , to see if we can restart some kind of cooperation , '' Hahn said on Saturday , saying that he had not had meetings on the economy with NATO-member Turkey since January last year , normally a fixture of accession talks .
The EU process is not formally frozen , but EU lawmakers called last week for a formal halt to talks , with some saying Turkey no longer met the democratic criteria to be considered a candidate , let alone a full member , for the EU .
Erdoğan told Reuters in an interview last week that Turkey would not wait at Europe 's door forever and would walk away from accession talks if what he said was rising Islamophobia and hostility from some member states persist .
Launched in 2005 after decades of seeking the formal start of an EU membership bid , negotiations dovetailed with Erdoğan 's first economic reforms in power as prime minister from 2003 .
EU officials say Turkish reforms to enter the EU brought stability and attracted foreign investment , making Turkey an important emerging economy with high-speed trains crossing the strategically-located country bridging Europe and Asia .
That economic success remains part of Erdoğan 's popularity with the pious Turkish poor , who saw living standards rise , although Hahn noted the worsening state of Turkey 's economy now .
The European Union is Turkey 's biggest foreign investor and biggest trading partner , while Turkey shares a border with Iraq , Syria and with Russia in the Black Sea .
WHO 'S TO BLAME ?
Hahn said he would present a report by early next year to EU governments to clarify Turkey 's status . The lack of urgency shows the reluctance of EU states to upset Ankara , given that they rely on Turkey to keep migrants from coming to Europe , diplomats said .
But Hahn said that limits on with press freedoms , mass jailing and shrinking civil rights made it almost impossible at the present time for Turkey to meet EU joining criteria .
Hahn said EU rules `` were not negotiable '' and the bloc would not `` decouple the human rights situation '' from discussions .
`` There is no version of Turkish democracy . There is only democracy . Turkish people have the same rights to live in freedom as Europeans do , '' said Hahn , whose delegation in Turkey has visited dissidents in prison .
A slim majority of 51.4 percent of Turkish voters voted in April to grant the president sweeping new powers , the biggest overhaul of the country 's politics since the founding of the modern republic , amid opposition accusations of vote fraud .
Asked if the European Union was partly responsible for Turkey 's turn towards a more centralised system , Hahn said the drive to change had come from inside the country .
`` Nobody can claim to be blameless , but it is always the sovereign decision of a country ( to decide policy ) ... If you have a certain vision in mind , it is difficult to intervene in a meaningful way , '' Hahn said .
`` All these reform efforts are not done for the European Union but for the sake of ( Turkish ) citizens , '' Hahn said , referring to the process that helped transform former communist countries in central and eastern Europe into thriving market democracies as they sought to join the European Union .
`` This is not about serving the Europeans , '' he said .
( Reporting by Robin Emmott ; Editing by Andrew Heavens )
Ajit Pai , Chairman of U.S Federal Communications Commission , delivers his keynote speech at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , February 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission voted 2-1 on Thursday to reverse a 2016 decision that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy .
The decision could lead to a possible acquisition by Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc of Tribune Media Co , some Democrats in Congress said .
Tribune did not discuss any tie up , but said in a statement the FCC decision `` will serve the important interest of localism by enabling broadcasters to better serve their communities . ''
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said he plans to take a new look at the current overall limit on companies owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households .
Democratic FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn called the vote a `` huge gift for large broadcasters with ambitious dreams of more consolidation . '' She said it `` will have an immediate impact on the purchase and sale of television stations . ''
Meredith Corp spokesman Art Slusark said on Thursday the vote `` may open up the opportunity for more acquisition opportunities ... We are always interested in adding quality properties to our broadcast portfolio . ''
Under rules adopted in 1985 , stations with weaker over-the-air signals could be partially counted against a broadcaster 's ownership cap . But last year , the FCC under Democratic President Barack Obama said those rules were outdated after the 2009 conversion to digital broadcasting , which eliminated the differences in station signal strength . It revoked the rule in September .
There is a dispute over whether the FCC has the authority to amend the 39 percent ownership limit .
The 2016 decision did not require any company to sell existing stations , but could bar acquisitions . Twenty-First Century Fox Inc in September challenged the FCC rule in court .
Reuters reported in March that Sinclair had approached Tribune to discuss a potential combination , which would hinge on regulations being relaxed .
Pai said the FCC previously effectively tightened ownership rules and then companies previously below the national cap suddenly exceeded it . He said the FCC `` did not examine whether the facts justified a more stringent cap . ''
Pai , who was named by U.S. President Donald Trump to head the FCC in January , said it will begin a comprehensive review of the national cap this year . That could launch a new wave of consolidation in the broadcast television industry .
Clyburn cited comments from CBS Corp Chairman and Chief Executive Leslie Moonves in February that Pai would be `` very beneficial to our business . '' Moonves said the company would like to acquire more stations if the cap is lifted .
( Reporting by David Shepardson ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Dan Grebler )
New DNA Evidence In Unsolved Sunderland Murder
Police investigating the murder of schoolgirl Nikki Allan in Sunderland have new forensic evidence , on the 25th anniversary of her death .
The seven-year-old was found dead on October 8 , 1992 , in the then-derelict Old Exchange Building , near to her family home at Wear Garth , Sunderland .
She had been badly beaten and stabbed .
Although arrests have been made in connection with Nikki 's death , detectives are still keen to trace anyone who had any form of contact with Nikki prior to her death .
Officers have recovered further forensic results , including some DNA from a male , and are appealing for male members of the family , friends or others who innocently may have come into contact with Nikki to come forward to have a DNA sample taken so they can be eliminated from enquiries .
The first man to step forward is Nikki 's father , David Allan , who is speaking out for the first time in 25 years .
David said :
`` I have remained quiet about Nikki 's death for 25 years but now is the time I need to speak out . ''
`` I ca n't begin to describe how difficult life has been without my beautiful little girl . I would never want anyone to suffer the heartache we have suffered as parents . ''
`` As Nikki 's father , I have provided a DNA sample myself and it is very quick , easy and completely painless . ''
`` I would beg anyone who knew Nikki or had any contact with her before she died to please come forward to have your DNA taken . ''
`` This is n't about accusing anyone of being a suspect - this is to eliminate you from police enquiries . ''
Detective Inspector Paul Waugh said :
`` In order to ensure we are able to fully consider any new scientific findings we have been obtaining DNA samples from people who may have been in the area at the time .
This is perfectly normal within any forensic examination and we would urge anyone to come forward to ensure they can be ruled out of the investigation at an early stage . ''
The scientific work is ongoing and we will continue to do all we can to maximise the use of forensic science to progress this investigation . ''
`` Although the murder happened 25 years ago it is still very much an active case for Northumbria Police and we will continue to investigate until Nikki 's killer is brought justice . ''
`` We strongly urge any members of Nikki 's family , friends of the family or anyone who had any contact with Nikki prior to her death to come forward to be tested for their DNA . ''
A £10,000 reward is being offered by Crimestoppers for information that leads to the conviction of Nikki 's killer .
FILE PHOTO : Workers assemble cars at the plant for the Mini range of cars in Cowley , near Oxford , Britain June 20 , 2016 . REUTERS/Leon Neal/Pool/File Photo
LONDON German carmaker BMW ( BMWG.DE ) , which operates Mini and Rolls-Royce plants in Britain , said the country must listen to the views of global companies during Brexit talks , with continued tariff-free access to Europe of crucial importance .
`` As a major investor and employer in the UK , the BMW Group firmly believes the government should take the concerns of international business into account , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` Not only free trade but also cross-border employment opportunities and unified , internationally applied regulations are of proven benefit to business , the economy and individuals . ''
( Reporting by Costas Pitas , editing by Estelle Shirbon )
May 3 Rubicon Project Inc
* Rubicon Project reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 non-GAAP loss per share $ 0.16
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.33
* Q1 revenue $ 46 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 43.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.41 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Rubicon Project Inc- Included in net loss for Q1 of 2017 were restructuring and other exits costs of $ 4.3 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
From the Harford County Sheriff 's Office :
On May 10 , 2018 , at approximately 2:48 p.m. , deputies assigned to the Harford County Sheriff 's Office Northern Precinct responded to the parking lot of Dublin Elementary School for the report of an assault . Upon arrival , deputies spoke with a male victim , who advised two unknown black females , who he had been giving a ride to , had assaulted him and attempted to rob him . The Harford County Sheriff 's Office Criminal Investigations Division responded and assumed the investigation .
Through investigation , it was determined the victim was in the area of Kalmia Road when the two females flagged him down and asked for a ride to Dublin Elementary School . When he arrived and pulled into the parking lot , the victim was sprayed in the face with a substance , and the suspects put what he believed to be a gun to his back in an attempt to rob him . All three exited the vehicle and the victim was able to run towards the school and request help , while the two suspects fled the area .
Deputies canvassed the area and were able to detain two individuals matching the description of the suspects . The investigation continued , and on May 22 detectives charged two 16-year-old females in connection to the incident .
They are identified as Bre'Anndon Jones and Tasia Jean-Pierre , both of Bel Air . They were both charged as adults with attempted armed carjacking , attempted carjacking , armed robbery , robbery and first and second degree assault . Both are being held at the Harford County Detention Center without bail .
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
ZAGREB , April 5 Croatia 's parliament could pass an emergency law as early as Wednesday to shield the economy from big company failures after the country 's largest private firm Agrokor piled up debts , leaving it struggling to pay creditors and suppliers .
Agrokor , the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans with some 60,000 employees , built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ( $ 6.5 bln ) , or six times its equity , as it expanded rapidly .
`` We want to protect our financial system , the economy , jobs , suppliers , family businesses and all the stakeholders involved in developments around our biggest firm , '' Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic told parliament as he presented the new law .
Under the law , which could be approved by parliament as soon as Wednesday , the state will be able to appoint an executive to steer a restructuring process at the request of a debtor as well as at creditors ' request with the company 's agreement .
The law envisages reaching a restructuring deal within 15 months .
Agrokor struck a deal on Sunday with six lenders led by Russia 's Sberbank and VTB to freeze debt repayments and get an unspecified cash injection .
In line with that , a restructuring expert was appointed to rescue the business . Antonio Alvarez III , of consultants Alvarez & Marsal , said on Tuesday there was no guarantee that the company could be saved .
Agrokor suppliers , who are owed around 16 billion kunas ( $ 2.29 billion ) , hope the new law will facilitate unfreezing of the company 's accounts .
But food producers that supply Agrokor 's retail chain Konzum , which controls almost one third of the local market , are worried payments will come too late to keep their businesses running .
`` We 're still delivering products , but we have no information whatsoever on how and when we will be paid , '' said Zvonimir Belic whose tomato producer Zarja near the capital Zagreb employs some 50 people . `` I really do n't know how to pay salaries this month . ''
The central bank said on Tuesday some banks might need a capital boost due to their exposure to Agrokor although the banking system as a whole was not in danger due to high average capital adequacy . ( Editing by Susan Thomas )
Fellow relievers rave about Kela 's explosive fastball and dancing curveball .
`` His heater , I feel like jumps . or hops , '' Texas left-hander Jake Diekman said . `` His curveball is 12-6 ( in direction ) and super hard . He 's always had a killer instinct . ''
Kela was drafted in the 29th round by his hometown Mariners in 2011 , but did not sign . Instead , he spent one season at Everett Community College before the Rangers drafted him in the 12th round a year later .
`` I like coming to Seattle , but I do n't ever get to be here during the times I enjoy it , '' said Kela , whose mother and sister still live in the area . `` The best time is when I am playing ball , so I do n't get to enjoy the city as much as I 'd like to . ''
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL ?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday , manager Scott Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy .
Gamel played one game at first base last season .
`` I took a lot of early work there last year , '' Gamel said . `` But nothing this year . It is something I obviously need to get work in at . ''
As the fourth outfielder , Gamel said he is willing to try anything to stay in the lineup .
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers : To clear room for Moore on Wednesday , the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock . . Despite being 8 for 22 ( .364 ) in his past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday , second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday . Manager Kevin Banister said it was just a planned rest day .
Mariners : After taking his second loss Tuesday , closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday . He has pitched in six of the team 's past eight games . Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation , Servais said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Rangers : Third-baseman Adrian Beltre ( hamstring ) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday , as well as fielding ground balls as he gets closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list . Banister would not give a definitive date on when he would return to the lineup . Beltre did disclose that the plan once he 's back is in the first few weeks , he would play one game in the field , then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off . `` It makes sense , '' Beltre said . `` The last couple of times I got injured were in day games ( after a night game ) . ''
Mariners : Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked his rib cage during batting practice Tuesday , and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday . David Freitas , who was in Triple-A Tacoma , was already with the team , just in case a move was made . . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma ( shoulder ) had his batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck .
UP NEXT
Rangers : Left-hander Mike Minor ( 4-3 , 5.63 ERA ) has a team-high four wins . And even though he has had an awful May ( 2-2 , 6.91 ERA this month ) , he won his last start in Kansas City on Friday . He has two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season .
Mariners : What a roll left-hander Wade LeBlanc ( 0-0 , 2.70 ERA ) has been on since he joined the rotation . In his five starts , he has given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings pitched ( 1.71 ERA ) . The most he 's given up in any start is two runs . This will be his first career start against Texas .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Todd Milles , The Associated Press
Football Soccer - Australia vs United Arab Emirates - 2018 World Cup Qualifying Asian Zone - Group B - Sydney Football Stadium , Sydney , Australia - 28/3/17 - Australia 's Bailey Wright , Mathew Leckie and Tomi Juric celebrate after teammate Jackson Irvine ( unseen ) scored a goal against the UAE . REUTERS/David Gray
Football Soccer - Australia vs United Arab Emirates - 2018 World Cup Qualifying Asian Zone - Group B - Sydney Football Stadium , Sydney , Australia - 28/3/17 - Australia 's Mathew Leckie ( C ) celebrates with teammates after a goal against the UAE . REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY Australia 's campaign to reach a fourth straight World Cup finals received a fillip with their first win in five qualifiers on Tuesday but there is plenty yet to be done to secure a ticket to Russia .
The 2-0 victory over the United Arab Emirates in Sydney briefly put the Asian champions joint top of Group B before Japan thrashed Thailand 4-0 and Saudi Arabia edged Iraq 1-0 in later matches to re-establish their shared three point edge .
The good news for Australia in their quest to secure one of the top two spots that guarantees a place at next year 's finals , and avoids the playoff route offered by a third place finish , is that two of their remaining three matches are at home .
`` We always know at home we 're a dominant team , '' coach Ange Postecoglou said after the UAE win .
`` We worked awfully hard , we pressed the way we wanted to and created opportunities . And we deserved the victory . ''
Australia 's next qualifier , the very definition of a six-pointer , is against the Saudis in Adelaide on June 8 and they follow that with a trip to Japan in August before rounding out their campaign at home to lowly Thailand in September .
Between the Saudi and Japan fixtures , Postecoglou will get a chance to gauge progress on his mission to build a side that can not only qualify for World Cup finals , but also win matches on football 's biggest stage when they get there .
The June 17-July 2 Confederations Cup in Russia is likely to offer the biggest test yet of the Postecoglou Project , with world champions Germany , South American champions Chile and African champions Cameroon all in their group .
With half an eye on that tournament , Postecoglou has abandoned a back four defence and lined his side up with wingbacks in a 3-4-3 formation for their last two qualifiers .
It worked in parts against the UAE on Tuesday , even if the wide players did not always do the best with the final delivery , the back three looked susceptible to long balls and both goals came from set pieces .
Despite a welter of media criticism , Postecoglou did not look like a man about to abandon his experiment when he spoke to reporters afterwards .
`` If someone has got a system out there that stops oppositions from doing anything , it 's 11 against nothing , '' he said .
`` It 's a game of football . We 've got to try and score goals which we did ( but ) the opposition are going to create opportunities .
`` If people want the perfect system it 's probably their hot water system at home , but it ai n't a football system . ''
( Editing by John O'Brien )
RICHMOND , Va. – Social media is a powerful force in the internet age , but when and how should you ‘ friend ' your co-workers ? Jillian Wagner , branch manager of Robert Half OfficeTeam in Richmond , visits our studio to discuss the options and etiquette for social media co-worker relationships . For more information you can visit https : //www.roberthalf.com/va-richmond
An international Inuit group is angry they were n't informed that a rocket stage likely containing highly toxic fuel is set to splash down in waters they routinely hunt for food .
Okalik Eegeesiak , of the Inuit Circumpolar Commission , said both the federal government and the European Space Agency again failed to inform Inuit in Canada and Greenland about the falling debris .
`` Again , we had no knowledge of this and were not included in what is happening in our areas . Our communities are hearing through the media about what is happening . ''
On Wednesday , a Russian rocket bearing a European environmental monitoring satellite is scheduled to launch . The second stage of the rocket is expected to fall into the waters of Baffin Bay , outside Canada 's territorial waters but within its exclusive economic zone as well as the purview of the Arctic Waters Pollution Prevention Act .
The rocket is a repurposed Soviet-era SS-19 ballistic missile , fuelled by hydrazine . Hydrazine is highly carcinogenic and so toxic nearly every space program in the world has moved away from it .
However , the old SS-19s are economically attractive , said Michael Byers , a professor of international law who has studied the issue .
`` These are leftover from the Cold War , '' he said . `` They 're free as a result . ''
The second stage of an SS-19 could have as much as a tonne of leftover hydrazine when it hits the waves .
Officials with the agency say the fuel burns up before it hits the Earth . But studies at Russian launch sites have reached different conclusions .
Eegeesiak points out the stage will fall into the North Water Polynya , the most productive and biodiverse place in the Arctic seas . Whales , seals , polar bears and walrus are found there in large numbers and Inuit from both Canada and Greenland hunt frequently there .
Jodi Arias loses bid to bar public from seeing her appeal
PHOENIX ( AP ) — The Arizona Court of Appeals has rejected a bid by Jodi Arias to bar the public from viewing the opening brief in the appeal of her murder conviction in the 2008 death of her former boyfriend .
The order issued Monday marked the second unsuccessful attempt by Arias to seal her opening brief . A similar request was rejected in late May .
The latest ruling says Arias did n't show that releasing the document would lead to a specific harm .
Arias are serving a life sentence for her conviction in the death of Travis Alexander .
Prosecutors say Arias attacked Alexander after he wanted to end their affair and planned a trip to Mexico with another woman .
Aria has acknowledged killing Alexander but claimed it was self-defense after he attacked her .
HE might not have been book smart , but when it comes to football smarts Jack Higgins looks a genius .
The 19-year-old dropped out of his final year of high school to focus on his football in 2017 , a move which raised eyebrows among some club recruiters .
The result was that Higgins slipped through to pick No.17 in last year 's draft and the early indications are the Tigers might have got themselves an absolute steal .
In just his second game last night , the small forward kicked three of Richmond 's five first half goals on the big stage at the MCG .
Jack Higgins is tackled by Max Gawn .
Two were from clever crumbs close to goal - one which he showed rocket-like speed to pounce on - and the other came from a super set shot snap on the boundary line .
Higgins should have had a goal assist to his name in the opening half as well , if not for a Jacob Townsend fumble on the goal line .
The young star said he still pinched himself playing in front of huge crowds .
`` It has always been a goal of mine since I can remember . Me and Dad , friends and mates at school , we 'd always kick the footy around , '' he told 3AW .
`` It 's been a dream ever since I came out of the womb .
`` Playing the sport I love in front of 80,000 people , I would n't change it for the world . ''
Some of the little things from Higgins also impressed .
He regularly finds himself in the right spots , rarely wastes a disposal and has enormous composure for a player so new to the big league .
Dropped after kicking two goals in his first game , it is hard to see that happening again after seven score involvements among 13 disposals against the Demons .
`` I struggled probably in the first month with the game plan and stuff , because I 'm probably not the best learner , '' he said .
`` But I 've learned a heap off Jack Riewoldt and the boys - the small forwards - I could n't have done it without them . ''
A Rising Star nomination is coming and the decision to leave school does n't look a bad one as a lengthy football career looms .
RIYADH May 3 State-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines ( Saudia ) has started the sale of its medical services business in Jeddah , valued at around $ 500 million , as part of a drive to reduce non-core assets , sources familiar with the matter said .
The medical business , which is called Saudia Medical Services and owns a major hospital , could be attractive for investors as the Jeddah healthcare market is underserved , the sources said , declining to be named as the matter is n't public .
Jadwa Investment , an adviser for the sale , has reached out to potential buyers and the sale process could be completed by the third quarter . Saudia and Jadwa did not respond to requests for comment .
Saudia has been spinning off some subsidiaries through stock market listings ; it listed Saudi Airlines Catering in 2012 . But the sale of the Jeddah medical business would be a complete exit , one of the sources said .
The sales are part of a five-year strategy to make the airline profitable by 2020 . Saudia appointed a new chief executive , Jaan Albrecht , late last year . ( Reporting by Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold ; Additional reporting by Katie Paul and Alexander Cornwell ; Editing by Andrew Torchia )
ATHENS , March 31 Greek retail sales by volume fell 0.1 percent in January compared to the same month a year ago after a 1.0 percent decrease in December , statistics service ELSTAT said on Friday . Retail sales were led lower by tobacco , foods , department stores , furniture and household appliances , fuels , lubricants , drugs and cosmetics , the data showed . Tax rates rose on tobacco , certain beverages and tobacco in January . Data on gross domestic product showed Greece 's economy contracted from October to December after two straight quarters of growth , with its performance in the last quarter of 2016 turning out worse than expected . The seasonally adjusted data showed a 1.2 percent decline in economic output in the fourth quarter . The long delay in concluding a bailout review has sparked uncertainty , weighing on economic activity in the first quarter . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * KEY FIGURES JAN DEC NOV OCT SEPT AUG JULY Retail Sales by -0.1 -1.0 +4.0 +2.6 +2.4 -2.1 +9.5 volume y/y Retail Sales by +1.4 -1.3 +2.2 +1.4 +1.7 -2.5 +7.1 revenue y/y -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- * revised source : ELSTAT ( Reporting by George Georgiopoulos )
× Costco owes Tiffany more than $ 19 million for selling counterfeit rings
Costco 's going to pay for selling “ Tiffany ” engagement rings that were n't made by Tiffany .
U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain ruled on Monday that Tiffany is entitled to $ 11.1 million in trebled profits — triple the loss it incurred from Costco 's actions — plus interest , in addition to $ 8.25 million in punitive damages . Overall , Costco owes the luxury jewelry retailer more than $ 19.3 million .
Tiffany said in a statement that the decision “ validates the strength of the Tiffany trademark and the value of our brand , and most importantly , sends a clear and powerful message to Costco and others who infringe the Tiffany mark . ”
“ We brought this case because we felt a responsibility to protect the value of our customers ' purchases , ” the company added . “ It is critically important that the Tiffany name not be used to sell any engagement ring that is not our own . ”
Jeffrey Mitchell , lead counsel for the jewelry company , added that “ this has been a long , hard-fought battle to vindicate Tiffany 's rights . ”
In a statement , Costco said it intends to appeal the ruling . “ This was not a case about counterfeiting in the common understanding of that word — Costco was not selling imitation Tiffany & Co. rings , ” it said .
Tiffany first filed a complaint against Costco in U.S. District Court in New York in 2013 , saying it learned from a customer that Costco was selling “ Tiffany ” rings . “ Unbeknowst to Tiffany , Costco had apparently been selling different styles of rings for many years that it has falsely identified on in-store signage as ‘ Tiffany , ' ” the complaint said .
“ There are now hundreds if not thousands of people who mistakenly believe they purchased and own a Tiffany engagement ring from Costco , ” the complaint added .
The complaint also said that Costco was n't using the Tiffany trademark online , which made it hard for Tiffany to track it down using its usual procedures .
Costco argued that it was using “ Tiffany ” as a generic term to describe a ring 's setting . It argued that the items were not stamped or marked with the Tiffany name , nor were they sold in Tiffany 's distinct blue boxes or bags . “ Tiffany identified fewer than 10 who said that they had misunderstood Costco 's signage , ” it said in a statement .
The court granted summary judgment in favor of Tiffany in 2015 , finding Costco liable for trademark infringement and trademark counterfeiting .
Swain said in Monday 's decision that in addition to paying Tiffany , Costco can never again use the word “ Tiffany , ” to sell products as a standalone — though it may be able to use the word if it 's followed by “ setting , ” “ set , ” or “ style . ”
From the New Harford Democratic Club :
Minutes of the New Harford Democratic Club
Wednesday , September 6 , 2017 , at the Aberdeen Holiday Inn Express
President Steve Johnson opened the meeting at 7:05 pm
Johnson led those present in a pledge to the flag .
Johnson then asked for a moment of silence for the victims of the recent hurricanes in Texas , Louisiana , Puerto Rico , The Virgin Islands and other areas of the Caribbean , as well as the victims of the current effort to move against the Dreamers .
He recognized Adam Hiob , legislative aide to Del . Mary Anne Lisanti , Jason Robertson of the Havre de Grace City council , Carlos Taylor candidate for State 's Attorney , Ryan Burbey president of the Harford County Teacher 's association and Pat Foulk of the Cecil County Democratic Central Committee .
Those present were asked to stand and identify themselves
Treasurer George Harrison submitted the financial report . Johnson asked for and received unanimous approval .
He asked for a motion to approve the minutes from the August meeting . Approved unanimously . There was no meeting in July .
He asked for reports for any other clubs but none was present .
Johnson thanked everyone for attending and adjourned the meeting at 8:06 p.m .
Johnson noted that the club is preparing a fund raiser later in the fall . He said the club will be represented at the Darlington Apple Festival .
Committee reports :
George Harrison said the club is keeping tabs on the zoning plans now before the County Council and urged members to pay attention to the council 's plans since what they decide will have a profound effect on the future development of the county .
Johnson introduced Kathleen Matthews the night 's speaker . He noted she was born in California and is a graduate of Stanford University . She is married , mother of three and spent 25 years in television journalism . She has been awarded 9 local Emmy awards as well as the Edward R Murrow award . She later became head of communications for Marriott Corporation . She ran for congress in Maryland 's sixth district in the 2016 Democratic Primary . She currently holds the post as Chair of the Maryland Democratic Party .
Ms Matthews said this visit was her 22nd to Maryland 's county Democratic organizations . She said she wanted to take over leadership of the state party to make sure the party understands what went wrong in 2016 and what Democrats must do to appeal to those who turned away from the party . How to do a better job of messaging and to find out what people respond to . She said the party will be doing training to help local committees and clubs do a better job of contacting voters . She said they will be targeting “ soft Democrats ” who are those who do n't always vote for Democrats and in many cases do n't vote at all .
She said the Democratic party not only must contact voters but also must listen to those voters to get a feel for what they are concerned about and what the party can do to bring those voters back to the party .
She encouraged those who want to get involved to run for Central Committee . “ We need younger people , those from high schools and the colleges , and others who are close to their community . ”
There was vigorous discussion from the floor .
Johnson thank Ms Matthews for coming .
No further business was before the club and Johnson adjourned the meeting at 8:27 .
Submitted by George Harrison , Acting Secretary .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
May 3 Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust
* Allied announces first-quarter results
* Qtrly NAV per unit $ 36.19
* Qtrly AFFO per unit $ 0.40
* Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust qtrly FFO per unit $ 0.53
* Allied Properties Real Estate - Expects operating and development environment to be generally favourable for remainder of year and into 2018
* Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust - Internal forecast for year contemplates mid-single-digit percentage growth in same-asset NOI
* Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust - Internal forecast for year contemplates low-to mid-single-digit percentage growth in FFO per unit Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Like allegations made by all whistleblowers , in policing or any other field , the concerns expressed by two Garda civilian staff members about homicide cases must now be proven .
The Garda has conceded there are problems with the classification of some homicides . But it says the shortcomings are limited to how the homicides were entered on to the Garda 's Pulse database .
The force has insisted there were no such shortcomings with the investigation of those cases .
Under both Acting Garda Commissioner Dónall Ó Cualáin and former Garda commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan , the Garda has repeatedly told the Policing Authority that in every single homicide case a homicide inquiry was carried out .
But two Garda civilian staff now allege otherwise . They believe a Garda analysts ' examination on homicides has found cases where a misclassification meant no homicide inquiry took place .
They also believe Garda headquarters was in a position to supply very comprehensive information on homicide misclassifications to the Policing Authority last year . Yet , say the two civilians , all of the information was not shared with the authority .
And because the two Garda civilian staff members became frustrated at what they saw as the lack of progress they were making by raising their concerns internally , they decided to take their allegations elsewhere .
They chose the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Justice , taking that step two weeks ago .
Protected disclosure
The Department of Justice believes the Garda staff members ' disclosure to the Oireachtas committee does not meet the legal definition of a protected disclosure . In reality , that matters little .
Sgt Maurice McCabe also chose to take some of his concerns , around the cancellation of penalty points , to Dáil deputies . And in hindsight it amplified the complaints he was making .
The TDs he approached , for example , felt within their rights to raise his allegations in the Dáil ; in front of journalists and television cameras and under Dáil privilege with no fear of legal reprisals .
The homicide-related allegations now being made – and they are just allegations for now – are very serious . If proven it would mean unlawful killings were never investigated in the manner that the severity of the crimes warranted .
That would be more serious than many recent Garda scandals , including the cancellation of penalty points or the inflation of alcohol breath-test data .
Extent of the problem
However , even if some of the allegations now being made are proven , the detail of each case must be known before the extent of the problem becomes clear .
Genuine differences in interpreting , for example , the cause of a fatal road-traffic crash may have resulted in a criminal investigation that was less serious than another senior Garda officer would have opted for .
For any family who had lost a loved one in such a crash to find out now , maybe years later , that the Garda could have or should have pursued serious criminal charges against the driver responsible would be extremely painful . But the senior officers in charge at the time may argue they made the best decision with the information they had available .
All eyes will be on the Policing Authority later this month when senior Garda management comes before it for a public discussion on the homicide issue .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
Your comments on spousal support also show you need further legal understanding . In many jurisdictions , a marriage — loveless or otherwise — looks at support issues for fairness . If her income is less , as a partner in the marriage she may be entitled to a bigger share of your income than you would choose .
Example : She may 've earned and worked less because she was more involved with child rearing .
These are the facts/issues that are assessed , not whether one party can maintain a higher standard of living and the other must accept less .
Addicted to drugs
Q . Our one grandson , 25 , is addicted to cannabis , alcohol , and benzodiazepines .
Over three years , he 's been hospitalized twice with life-threatening seizures and now has a serious neurological condition . His parents fear for his life .
Currently , he 's living with his mother rent-free , and mostly being fed by her . She feels she has no choice .
This weekend we were at her place when he appeared . He 'd been out all night , slept all day . He was high , swaying , mumbling , and slurring words . He smelled bad .
My daughter wants us to ignore this behaviour because when challenged , he becomes verbally abusive and threatens various behaviours including suicide .
I ca n't just remain passive . I know he wo n't actually listen , but I want to write a letter to him saying I ca n't bear to watch him anymore , and so not seeing him anymore . However , while he lives with my daughter , this means not spending time with her .
This would punish my husband , my daughter , and me !
What should I do ?
A . Do not write that letter . It could be the last straw that he ca n't handle , and could lead to tragic results , which will cause you greater despair .
Support his parents . They have the courage to have taken him in and deal everyday with his very worrying behaviour .
Ask your daughter to help you understand what she 's learned about living with an addict . Consider attending a support-group meeting for people close to substance abusers and alcoholics , hearing how they 've handled similar situations .
This is his pain and burden more than yours . Show him love any way you can .
In drag daily
Q. I 've been cross-dressing all my life in private but now all I own are female clothes that I can sometimes pass as men 's clothing .
I 've been out in public in full drag three times . It was liberating , which everyone could see .
I was scared , too . My parents caught me when I was a kid and flipped out .
I want to be girlie full-time but I do n't think they 'll accept me for who I am .
I 'm already in drag daily — panties and pantyhose , girls ' pants and shirts .
A . Be your authentic self . Tell your parents that you feel `` liberated '' when in female clothing and would like them to understand .
Try to explain how constricted you feel when trying to be what you 're not .
Suggest that they read about , or attend a meeting of PFLAG ( Parents , Families & Friends of Lesbians & Gays ) to gain understanding of the broader LGBTQ+ community .
ellieadvice.com
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - Finnish police plan to launch a criminal investigation into options trading at Nokian Tyres stemming from manipulated product tests , darkening the mood after the company reported rising quarterly profit on Friday .
The police action follows lengthy investigations by the country 's financial watchdog after Nokian said in 2016 that it had supplied special high-quality tires for tests by motoring journalists , leading to stronger test scores that helped garner good publicity .
The watchdog had asked the police to investigate whether Nokian misused insider information or breached disclosure laws .
In 2016 , shares in the company fell after it admitted the use of high quality tires in tests . Daily Helsingin Sanomat later reported that some members of the company 's management team had sold options before it went public about the issue .
“ The National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) has opened a criminal investigation into suspected securities market offences related to tyres manufactured by Nokian Tyres plc and the tyre test results in different magazines , ” the police said in a statement on Friday .
The company 's view is that no crime had occurred , a spokesman told Reuters .
“ It is good that the matter will be resolved , ” he said .
Nokian shares fell 6.8 percent in early trade on Friday .
Nokian Tyres has said the use of special tyres happened in the past but they have discontinued the practice and that their tests in its main markets have been reliable for years .
It had launched an internal investigation into the matter in October 2015 , and the reported option trades took place in October and November 2015 , before the company went public with the past practices .
Nokian earlier on Friday said its fourth-quarter operating profit rose 13 percent from a year earlier and that it expected growing sales and profits for this year .
May 3 Spire Inc
* Spire reports second quarter results
* Q2 earnings per share $ 2.36
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 2.37 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms FY 2017 economic earnings per share view $ 3.50 to $ 3.60
* Sets quarterly dividend of $ 0.525 per share
* Five-Year capital expenditures forecast through 2021 increased to nearly $ 2.3 billion
* Now anticipate capex for fiscal 2017 to be about $ 445 million , up from original estimate of $ 410 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The AIDS Network hopes to operate the city council-backed permanent site in its downtown Effort Square location at 140 King St. E .
That application has n't yet been submitted to upper levels of government for approval yet .
The Shelter Health Network 's project would fill the crucial gap , Wiwcharuk said .
`` There is urgency to this . This is not something that can happen three months down the road after another 10 of our patients have died . ''
Opioids , most notably fentanyl , have taken the country by storm . Last year , there were 1,053 opioid-related deaths in Ontario from January to October , which was a 52 per cent spike over the same period the year before .
In Hamilton , the increase in deaths over that same time surged more than 80 per cent , with 75 fatalities . Hospital emergency rooms and paramedics are bearing the brunt of overdose calls .
`` We have the Grim Reaper basically walking the streets of our community , '' said Alan Whittle , director of planning and community relations for the Good Shepherd .
A federal exemption under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act is needed to establish a permanent supervised injection site . But late last year , Health Canada delegated exemption powers to the Ontario government to allow for temporary overdose sites given the urgency of the opioid problem .
They 're meant to operate for three to six months with possible extensions , providing supervised injection services , the anti-overdose drug naloxone , clean needles and syringes , and safe disposal . The province 's application guide suggests funding of $ 122,200 would be required to operate a site seven hours a day , seven days a week for six months .
Wiwcharuk noted the local facility would operate for six months with three staff members on-site at all times and at least one health-care professional . All would be trained in CPR and providing naloxone , as well as in mental health crisis management .
The goal is to create a judgment- and stigma-free environment where clients feel welcome , Wiwcharuk said . `` We want this to become a safe place for them , a place that they feel they own . ''
Downtown councillor Jason Farr said a community consultation has been in the works for the potential overdose prevention site at 76 John St. N. — the future location of John/Rebecca Park .
The temporary project would `` in no way '' interfere with the timing and scope of the planned park , he said .
Farr said he believed his fellow councillors would support the overdose prevention site with the same `` compassion '' they showed for a permanent supervised injection site .
`` People are dying in numbers that are unprecedented in this and every other city in Canada . ''
Several weeks ago , the Shelter Health Network 's partners had hoped to house the overdose prevention site in a building , but landlords were n't forthcoming , Wiwcharuk noted .
But a storefront is still desired given the recent trailer/parking lot complication , she added .
`` What we need is a landlord that supports this , a landlord that is willing to help us save vulnerable lives for a temporary period of time . ''
The designated area is bordered by Barton Street , Queen Street , Ferguson Avenue and Main Street .
Hamilton 's overdose prevention site would n't be Ontario 's first . One opened in London in February and applications are in the queue .
Other municipalities in Canada — notably Calgary — have exercised leniency to allow such crucial services to operate , Wiwcharuk said .
`` They saw that the crisis was such that rules had to be bent . ''
Hamilton supervised injection site up in air with provincial election
With Doug Ford 's Progressive Conservatives polling in majority territory , Hamilton 's prospective supervised injection site appears on shaky ground .
Last week , Ford said he was `` dead against '' against the facilities , promising to release a plan to address mental health and the opioid crisis in weeks to come .
Funding for injection sites flows from the Ontario government . Applications for exemptions under the federal Controlled Drugs and Substances Act usually come with letters from provincial health ministers .
`` If Health Canada were not to receive a provincial letter , we would work closely with the applicant and the implicated province or territory to facilitate conversations and engage in discussions on next steps , '' spokesperson Maryse Durette said .
Health Canada has n't yet received an application from Hamilton .
Representatives of the AIDS Network , which is proposing to operate the site , did n't respond to requests for comment .
Dr. Elizabeth Richardson , the city 's medical officer of health , said the council-backed initiative , a complicated process , is taking longer than expected .
Asked about potential change at Queen 's Park , Richardson said :
`` That 's a normal part of the democratic process that we 're just going to have to work through and see what happens . ''
Safe injection sites are n't the only tool in battling the overdoses , she added , noting naloxone , needle exchanges , treatment and long-term care are others .
`` We 're going to keep working on these issues one way or another . ''
tmoro @ thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @ TeviahMoro
tmoro @ thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @ TeviahMoro
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday , led by the property sector , as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike .
* Apple up after Morgan Stanley , Stifel raise PTs
* Investors eye first round of French election this Sunday
* Indexes up : Dow 0.81 pct , S & P 0.71 pct , Nasdaq 0.86 pct ( Updates to open )
By Tanya Agrawal
April 20 U.S. stocks were higher in early afternoon trading on Thursday , with gains in American Express keeping the Dow Jones Industrial Average largely on track to snap a two-day losing streak .
The credit card company was up 5.5 percent after reporting a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly profit on Wednesday .
Apple rose 1.5 percent after Morgan Stanley and Stifel raised their price targets on the stock , helping lift both the S & P 500 and the Nasdaq .
`` As we see a steady stream of earnings , on balance the season has been better and that 's helping the market today , '' said Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York .
With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump 's ability to deliver on his pro-growth promises , investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify lofty market valuations .
Of the 82 companies in the S & P 500 that have reported earnings through Thursday afternoon , about 75 percent have topped expectations , according to Thomson Reuters data , above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters .
Overall , profits of S & P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.1 percent in the quarter , the best since 2011 .
However , mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States and the looming French presidential elections continued to weigh on investors ' minds .
`` Investors are definitely nervous about the upcoming French elections and the situation in North Korea and Syria . Friday should be a risk-off trading day ahead of the election , '' Hogan said .
A closely watched poll showed Centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to his lead as favorite to win France 's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call .
Oil prices were little changed in a seesaw trading session , as investors weighed rising U.S. production against comments from leading Gulf oil producers that an extension to OPEC-led supply cuts was likely .
Oil majors Chevron and Exxon were up about 1.3 percent .
At 12:36 p.m . ET ( 1636 GMT ) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 164.63 points , or 0.81 percent , at 20,569.12 and the S & P 500 was up 16.66 points , or 0.71 percent , at 2,354.83 . The Nasdaq Composite was up 50.18 points , or 0.86 percent , at 5,913.21 .
Seven of the 11 major S & P sectors were higher , with the industrials index 's 1.2 percent rise leading the advancers , helped by gains in CSX Corp .
The stock jumped 6.7 percent to $ 50.11 after the No . 3 U.S. railroad operator 's quarterly profit beat estimates . The stock was among the biggest boosts to the S & P .
Philip Morris fell 3.8 percent to $ 109.53 after the tobacco maker 's first-quarter profit forecast fell below estimates .
Key companies scheduled to report results on Thursday include Dow component Visa and toymaker Mattel .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,007 to 787 . On the Nasdaq , 2,060 issues rose and 704 fell .
The S & P 500 index showed 30 new 52-week highs and one new low , while the Nasdaq recorded 88 new highs and 25 new lows . ( Reporting by Tanya Agrawal ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
March 29 Cartesian Inc :
* Cartesian reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results
* Q4 GAAP loss per share $ 0.01
* Q4 adjusted non-GAAP loss per share $ 0.03
* Qtrly GAAP revenues were $ 15.2 million compared to $ 22.2 million
* Gross margin improved to 34 % in q4 of 2016 compared to 26 % in q4 of 2015
* On a non-GAAP constant currency basis , q4 revenues $ 16.9 million , down 24 % Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 28 StoneMor Partners LP :
* Board of Directors of StoneMor Partners announces retirement of CEO
* Lawrence Miller decided to retire and will step down as Chairman , President and CEO of StoneMor GP effective Aug 31 , 2017
* Miller will remain an advisor to StoneMor GP and Vice Chairman of StoneMor GP Board following his retirement
* StoneMor GP board has engaged executive search firm of Heidrick & Struggles to assist in identifying candidates to replace Miller Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Chiltern International Ltd , a privately held British drug research contractor , has hired investment bank Jefferies LLC to explore a sale that could value it at around $ 1.3 billion , including debt , according to people familiar with the matter .
A deal would underscore how the contract research organization industry has benefited in recent years from the pharmaceutical companies ' drive to cut costs , reduce clinical trial times and expand their research and development presence around the world .
The sale process is in the early stages and will attract interest from private equity firms , the people said this week , asking to remain anonymous because the matter is confidential . There was no guarantee that the negotiations would result in a sale , the people cautioned .
Chiltern has 12-month earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization of around $ 90 million , according to the sources .
Chiltern did not immediately respond to requests for comment , while Jefferies declined to comment .
In recent years , many of the largest pharmaceutical industry contractors have changed hands , often at lofty valuations .
Pharmaceutical Product Development LLC ( PPD ) , for example , is close to agreeing to sell stakes to sovereign wealth funds at a valuation of a little over $ 9 billion , including debt , Reuters reported last month .
Chiltern has had a strong run over the past several years , with revenue growth that helped it expand from a valuation of just $ 200 million in 2013 , based on the value of a stake sold by partial owner Kester Capital LLP at the time .
The company has also grown through acquisitions , including of Theorem Clinical Research in 2015 .
( Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York )
May 2 Bill Barrett Corp :
* Bill Barrett Corporation reports first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.18
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Bill Barrett Corp - production sales volumes of 1.43 mmboe for Q1 were at high-end of guidance range of 1.35-1.45 mmboe
* Bill Barrett Corp - Q2 production sales volumes are expected to approximate 1.45-1.55 mmboe
* Bill Barrett Corp- Q2 capital expenditures are expected to total $ 65- $ 75 million
* Bill Barrett -undergoing semi-annual borrowing base review and expects that current borrowing base of $ 300 million will remain unchanged
* Bill Barrett Corp - qtrly adjusted net loss Q1 of 2017 of $ 0.16 per diluted share
* Bill Barrett Corp - qtrly total operating revenues $ 50.5 million versus $ 29.4 million
* Bill Barrett Corp- Q2 production is expected to be weighted approximately 60 % oil
* Bill Barrett Corp- anticipates that oil component of total production will increase as additional XRL wells are placed on production during 2017
* Qtrly total operating revenues $ 50.5 million versus $ 29.4 million
* Q1 revenue view $ 53.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ( L ) and Britain 's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson attend a bilateral meeting during a G7 for foreign ministers in Lucca , Italy April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , ( C ) talks to reporters during a ceremony at the Sant'Anna di Stazzema memorial , dedicated to the victims of the massacre committed in the village of Sant'Anna di Stazzema by the Nazis in 1944 during World War II , Italy April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
LUCCA , Italy Foreign ministers from the Group of Seven ( G7 ) major industrialised nations met in Italy on Monday , looking to put pressure on Russia to break its ties with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
In a shift in Washington 's strategy , U.S. missiles hit a Syrian air base last week in retaliation for what the United States and its allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria 's military in which scores of civilians died . The Syrian government has denied it was behind the assault .
U.S. President Donald Trump had previously appeared disinclined to intervene against the Syrian leader and the attack raised expectations that he might now be ready to adopt a tougher-than-expected stance with Russia , Assad 's main backer .
Calling the strike a `` game changer '' , British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said support for the Syrian president `` was toxifying the reputation of Russia '' and suggested sanctions could be imposed on Moscow if it refused to change course .
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is due to travel to Moscow on Tuesday at the end of the two-day gathering in the Tuscan city of Lucca with his Italian , German , French , British , Japanese and Canadian counterparts .
`` What we 're trying to do is to give Rex Tillerson the clearest possible mandate from us as the West , the U.K. , all our allies here , to say to the Russians 'this is your choice : stick with that guy , stick with that tyrant , or work with us to find a better solution ' , '' Johnson said after meeting Tillerson .
Russia has rejected accusations that Assad used chemical arms against his own people and has said it will not cut its ties with Assad , who has been locked in a six-year-old civil war that has devastated Syria and displaced half its population .
`` Returning to pseudo-attempts to resolve the crisis by repeating mantras that Assad must step down can not help sort things out , '' Dmitry Peskov , spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin , said on Monday .
Johnson said he was keen to seen further sanctions imposed on both Syrian and Russian `` military figures '' . Speaking to reporters in France , Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his country was also ready to stiffen sanctions on Moscow .
`` CRIMES AGAINST INNOCENTS ''
Tillerson said at the weekend the main priority for the United States was the defeat of one of Assad 's main foes , the Islamic State militant movement , and it is unclear how far he will want to push the Russians on Tuesday .
On Monday , the former oilman-turned-diplomat visited the site of a World War Two Nazi massacre in Italy and said the United States would never let such abuses go unchallenged .
`` We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world , '' he said in Sant'Anna di Stazzema before heading to Lucca .
As the talks began , a few dozen anti-G7 protesters clashed with baton-wielding riot police on the edges of the walled city .
Looking to build their case against Assad , Italy has invited the foreign ministers from Turkey , Saudi Arabia , United Arab Emirates , Jordan and Qatar to sit down with the G7 group on Tuesday to discuss Syria . All oppose Assad 's rule .
Before the meeting started , the foreign minister of Iran , which supports Assad , asked to speak to Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano to discuss Syria , Italian diplomats said . Details of their conversation were not disclosed .
The foreign ministers ' discussions will prepare the way for a G7 leaders ' summit in Sicily at the end of May , which looks set to be Trump 's first overseas trip since becoming president .
The ministers will also talk about growing tensions with North Korea , with the United States moving a navy strike group near the Korean peninsula amid concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions .
They will also debate Libya . Italy is hoping for vocal support for a United Nations-backed government in Tripoli which has struggled to establish its authority even in the city , let alone in the rest of the country .
The Trump administration has not yet defined a clear policy and Rome fears Washington may fall into step with Egypt and Russia , which both support general Khalifa Haftar , a powerful figure in eastern Libya .
The struggle against terrorism , relations with Iran and instability in Ukraine are also on the agenda , with the meeting expected to finish by midday on Tuesday .
( Reporting by Crispian Balmer and Steve Scherer ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
The snow-covered landscape is reflected in a logo in front of FIFA headquarters in Zurich , Switzerland , January 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
A member of FIFA 's audit and compliance committee was handed a provisional 90-day ban from football on Friday , a day after pleading guilty in a U.S court to taking bribes in exchange for using his influence within the global soccer body .
In a further sign of continued problems in FIFA , the organisation 's ethics committee said it had opened formal proceedings against the president of the Caribbean Football Union , Gordon Derrick , in an unrelated case .
FIFA 's ethics committee said in a statement it had suspended Richard Lai , who is also president of the Guam Football Association ( GFA ) , at the request of its chief investigator Cornely Borbely .
Lai , 55 , pleaded guilty on Thursday to wire fraud conspiracy charges before U.S. District Judge Pamela Chen in Brooklyn , according to U.S. prosecutors who said he had taken close to $ 1 million ( 780,370 pounds ) in bribes . As part of the plea , Lai , a U.S. citizen , has agreed to pay $ 1.1 million , prosecutors said .
FIFA president Gianni Infantino , in his own statement , thanked the U.S. prosecutors for their efforts in battling corruption in the sport and said his federation would continue to co-operate with authorities .
Lai was not among several dozen officials and sports marketing agencies , mainly from Latin America , who were indicted in the United States in 2015 in the biggest crisis in FIFA 's history .
President of the GFA since 2001 , Lai sits on the committee responsible for checking FIFA 's financial accounting .
He was also suspended on Friday by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) , where he is a member of the marketing committee .
The Pacific island of Guam is a U.S. territory , though its football association is a member of the AFC . As a full FIFA member , it holds a vote in FIFA presidential elections .
Announcing Lai 's guilty plea , the U.S. department of justice said his `` breach of trust was particularly significant given his position as a member of the FIFA Audit and Compliance committee , which must play an important and independent role if corruption within FIFA is to be eliminated . ''
Infantino , elected in February 2016 to rebuild FIFA , thanked the U.S. prosecutors `` for their continued efforts to stamp out corruption from football , which is also the top priority of the new leadership of FIFA '' .
`` The new FIFA has been fully supportive of the U.S. authorities ' investigations , and will continue to be , '' he said .
`` I am happy to confirm once again , that FIFA will provide whatever assistance is needed by the U.S. and any other authorities around the world . ''
FIFA 's ethics panel said in a statement that its investigators had recommended a ban of at least four years and a fine of at least 15,000 Swiss francs ( $ 15,120 ) for Derrick , who is president of the Caribbean Football Union and general secretary of the Antigua and Barbuda Football Association .
The probe centres on alleged conflicts of interest , offering and accepting gifts and other benefits , mismanagement of funds , abuse of position and disloyalty , it said .
Several Caribbean officials have been caught up in the U.S investigation including former presidents of CONCACAF , the confederation for North and Central American and the Caribbean , Jack Warner of Trinidad and Tobago and Jeffrey Webb of the Cayman Islands .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash and Brian Homewood ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Police said two suspects were arrested last week for a May shootout at a Manchester apartment complex that killed a father of two .
Richmond police along with the the U.S . Marshal 's Regional Fugitive Task Force arrested 24-year-old Chavonte J. Estes , of the 3700 block of Martin Avenue in Henrico and 24-year-old Rakeym J . Bell , 24 , of the 1800 block of Fifth Avenue , on Thursday , June 8 .
Estes was taken into custody in the 500 block of Pelham Avenue and Bell was taken into custody in the 2400 block of Burton Ave .
Both men were charged with conspiracy to commit murder and officials said other charges are pending .
Officers were dispatched to the apartment building at 700 Stockton Street for the report of a person shot just after 11 p.m. on May 16 .
Jaquan A. Harris , of the 700 block of Stockton Street , was found unresponsive in a fourth floor hallway of the Lofts at Commerce apartments suffering from an apparent gunshot wound .
One neighbor told CBS 6 that she heard at least three gunshots .
Donna Stewart , who lived near Harris , described him as a loving father of two children in a previous interview with WTVR CBS 6 .
`` He seemed to be a really nice guy . I do n't understand , '' Stewart remembered . `` He would come over every once in a while and I made beef patties for him . He was a pretty decent kid and just got into a new relationship . ''
Stewart said she saw Harris outside in Manchester walking his dogs hours before the shooting . `` It 's a community of young people trying to thrive and go on with their lives . I do n't think this is a place where we end lives here , '' Stewart said . If you have information that could help police , call Major Crimes Detective M. Gouldman at 804-646-3915 or contact Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000 .
37.557425 -77.423575
Owner Johnny Aantjes expects the slide to be cleaned up in time for the next race on Sunday
The operators of the Penticton Speedway are cleaning up the area after a small landslide sent a stream of water running through the track .
Speedway owner Johnny Aantjes estimated the slide was about 100 feet in width , 50-60 feet in height and 40-50 feet deep , and took out six to 10 trees . It also sent a stream of water through the track .
“ We managed to get the water diverted relatively quickly , so now we 're on the clean-up mode , ” Aantjes said . “ We 're pretty sure that the water 's not going to come back . It 's not going to egress through the spot that it was coming onto the track . ”
Now , Speedway personnel just need to clean up the mud that was left on the track . Aantjes said he expects the Speedway will be up and ready for the next race on Sunday , as long as the creek does n't make its way back onto the track .
“ It 'll take a couple days , and then we should be OK . ”
It 's far from the first slide in the region this spring . One Naramata property had a slide of similar size run beside her house after a quarry overloaded , and West Bench Hill Road was closed for a few days while crews cleaned up a slide just off of Highway 97 .
Similarly , Highway 3A was closed for several days due to a larger slide .
LONDON Global equity listings rose in the first quarter compared with a year earlier , driven by issuance in Asia and the United States , Thomson Reuters data showed , pointing to a more buoyant year for share sales than 2016 .
Companies globally issued $ 193 billion of equity in the first quarter of the year , up 61 percent from the first quarter of 2016 , which was the worst since 2008 .
`` We have had a backdrop of rising markets , low volatility and better macroeconomic data . These combine to produce strong appetite for new issues , '' Bank of America 's global head of equity capital markets , Craig Coben , said .
Upbeat news on the economy helped boost equity capital market ( ECM ) activity by U.S. firms by 63 percent , delivering proceeds of $ 59 billion in the first quarter .
`` The U.S. stands out with the secondary markets having been large beneficiaries of this reflation trade over the last nine months . This has helped drive the Americas back to more normalized capital markets volumes , ” said Frank McGee , chief operating officer , Global ECM at Credit Suisse .
London , Europe 's biggest market for initial public offerings , bucked the global trend with equity listings at a five-year low . However , the proceeds from European IPOs were up 33 percent .
Russell Holden , corporate partner at international law firm Taylor Wessing , said he expected this to continue as companies waited for more favorable conditions .
`` With the share price gains over the past six months , combined with some uncertainty over the outcome of the Brexit negotiations , a market correction may be down the road so investors are taking a cautious approach at the moment and do not want to be overpaying for assets . ''
Expected listings of Blackstone 's ( BX.N ) warehousing business Logicor and Telefonica 's ( TEF.MC ) UK telecoms operator O2 may bolster the IPO market in Britain in the coming quarters .
In continental Europe , Gestamp is set to become the biggest IPO this year when it lists on April 7 with a valuation of around 3.5 billion euros ( $ 3.75 billion ) .
Goldman Sachs ( GS.N ) overtook JP Morgan ( JPM.N ) as the leading bank for equity capital markets globally in the first quarter , thanks to its mandates for follow-on offerings . JP Morgan kept the top spot for IPOs globally .
Representing more than a tenth of global follow-on proceeds , Italian bank UniCredit ( CRDI.MI ) had the biggest equity offering of the year so far , raising 13.8 billion euros and potentially generating hundreds of millions dollars in fees for banks .
Ed Sankey , EMEA Co-Head ECM and Global Head of Equity Syndicate at Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) , said merger and acquisition activity , subsidiary IPOs and privatizations by European governments would drive deal flow .
`` There was a wave of IPO exits in 2013-15 and this year we do n't expect to see the sheer number we saw in that time frame , especially from private equity in this time zone , but globally we expect a busier year than 2016 . ''
( Editing by Jane Merriman , Greg Mahlich )
ZAGREB Croatia is struggling to contain the economic fallout from problems at heavily indebted food group Agrokor [ AGROK.UL ] , the restructuring expert appointed by the government to lead the process said on Monday .
Agrokor , the biggest employer in the Balkan region with some 60,000 staff , racked up debts during a rapid expansion , notably in Croatia , Slovenia , Bosnia and Serbia . According to the latest data from last September , its debts totalled around 45 billion kuna ( 5.16 billion pounds ) , or six times its equity .
`` We 're struggling to prevent Agrokor 's problems spilling over to the whole Croatian economy and wider across the ( Balkan ) region , '' Ante Ramljak , an investment banking expert , told reporters . Ramljak 's nomination to lead Agrokor 's restructuring was approved by the Zagreb commercial court on Monday .
Agrokor said on Friday it was handing control to the state under an emergency law introduced last week to deal with big companies facing financial trouble . Under the law , the state must appoint an executive to steer a restructuring .
Ramljak is expected to assemble a team of experts and advisers to guide the process , which will include refinancing of debts and possibly selling parts of the company .
Six banks , including Agrokor 's biggest creditors Russian lenders Sberbank ( SBER.MM ) and VTB ( VTBR.MM ) , said on Monday they were working to conclude an initial cash injection .
`` The banks have agreed to provide a liquidity injection worth 150 million euros . If a good restructuring plan is prepared , I think this process could take a right direction , '' said Miljenko Zivaljic , head of Croatia 's largest bank , Zagrebacka Banka , after a meeting with Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic . Zagrebacka Banka is owned by UniCredit ( CRDI.MI ) .
Analysts say this is a good first step , but a solution for Agrokor 's problems is still far away .
`` The banks are apparently cautious as we still do n't know the details of restructuring plan . Ramljak must act quickly to take advantage of the liquidity injection . Also , the problem is we do n't know exactly how huge is Agrokor 's debt at the moment , '' said Damir Novotny , an independent analyst .
Agrokor struck a deal last week with the banks to freeze repayments and get an unspecified cash injection before restructuring the business . But suppliers , who were worried about delayed payments under a restructuring , did not sign up .
Without broad agreement of all the stakeholders , Agrokor was left little choice but to seek state assistance . The emergency law envisages any restructuring taking 15 months .
It was unclear on Monday what role the restructuring expert Agrokor appointed under last week 's deal - Antonio Alvarez III - would have under Ramljak .
The Zagreb commercial court also unfroze the accounts of Agrokor and its firms on Monday , and has asked creditors to submit their claims within 60 days .
`` Our goal now is to stabilise Agrokor 's operations in the coming days and the second step will include its restructuring for which we will also seek an adviser , '' Prime Minister Plenkovic said on Monday .
( Reporting by Igor Ilic ; Editing by Susan Thomas and Mark Potter )
Dive Brief :
As students continue to call for tighter restrictions on guns and ask policymakers to do more to prevent mass shootings on school campuses , a new survey of 35,000 5th through 12th graders in eight states shows that about two-thirds of students feel safe in their classrooms , while a smaller percentage — 59 % — say they feel safe at their schools in general , according to data released today by the YouthTruth Student Survey .
Even fewer — 55 % — said they feel safe on school property outside the building , and 54 % say they feel safe in hallways , bathrooms and locker rooms . Sixty percent responded that adults at their school try to stop bullying and harassment , and middle school students were slightly more likely than high school students to answer that they try to intervene when another student is being bullied — 58 % compared to 51 % .
Just over a third said physical fights occur at their schools , and 31 % responded that they feel they have to be ready to fight to defend themselves at school . Black students in both middle and high school were more likely to say they have their guard up , with 41 % agreeing with that statement .
Dive Insight :
As schools expand efforts to incorporate more student voice in efforts to improve school climate , surveys such as these can be an important tool in creating conversations with students about how to improve their perceptions of safety . The survey report notes that students who feel unsafe or victimized at school are more likely to be at risk for risky behaviors , such as substance use or carrying weapons .
In a recent study appearing in the journal “ Pediatrics , ” based on data from the Youth Risk Behavior Survey , researchers showed that victims of bullying are more likely to carry weapons to school when they experience additional risk factors , such as fighting , being injured or threatened , or skipping school because they are afraid for their safety .
“ Violence-prevention efforts should consider directing what limited resources are available toward students who are at greatest risk for weapon carrying , ” the authors write . “ Parents and school personnel should be watchful for red flags such as unexplained bruises or injuries , school avoidance , and/or frequent truancy . ”
Another recent poll , conducted by the Pew Research Center , confirms that there is a heightened sense of danger among teens , specifically the fear that a shooting could take place in their school . The survey , conducted following the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School , showed that Hispanic and black students were the most concerned .
NATIONALS 2 , ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn his eighth consecutive victory , Bryce Harper hit his 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep .
Scherzer ( 9-1 ) struck out 12 , walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters . Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth , but notched his 13th save .
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road , the team 's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005 .
Baltimore rookie David Hess ( 2-2 ) gave up one run and four hits over six innings .
PIRATES 2 , CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh , and his hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals .
Musgrove ( 2-0 ) helped stop the Pirates ' four-game losing streak , permitting one run and seven hits . He also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning .
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections .
The Cubs had won three in a row . Chicago 's Kyle Hendricks ( 4-4 ) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings .
INDIANS 9 , WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win .
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings , Kluber ( 8-2 ) had little trouble with baseball 's worst team . The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10 .
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez ( 1-4 ) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland , which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum . The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak .
BREWERS 3 , CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery , but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee 's two-run seventh
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 , Reyes allowed three hits , struck out two and walked two .
With two out and runners on first and second , Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh . Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save .
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers , and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run .
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis , and Dexter Fowler had three singles .
RED SOX 6 , BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON ( AP ) — J.D . Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster , and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep .
Martinez tied for the major league lead with his 18th homer , snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth .
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston , which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17 .
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost 13 of 17 . Sam Gaviglio ( 2-1 ) gave up four runs in six innings .
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 6-1 ) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston , and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for his 18th save .
METS 4 , BRAVES 1
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs , leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory .
Jason Vargas ( 2-3 ) pitched five scoreless innings for New York , which had lost seven of nine . Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for his second save .
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East , one-half game behind Washington . The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday .
Braves starter Julio Teheran ( 4-3 ) pitched seven innings of two-run ball .
ROYALS 11 , TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered , powering Kansas City to the win .
Moustakas drove in four runs . Soler had four hits for the Royals , who led 9-0 after two innings .
Kevin McCarthy ( 4-2 ) , the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers , retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory . Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for his 12th save .
Twins rookie Fernando Romero ( 3-2 ) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings .
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs .
GIANTS 7 , ROCKIES 4
DENVER ( AP ) — Brandon Crawford kept up his May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles , Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally , and the Giants avoided being swept .
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI . He 's hitting .412 this month , raising his season average from .189 to .307 .
The Giants snapped a three-game skid . Derek Holland ( 3-6 ) pitched five innings for the win , and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his 11th save .
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado . Harrison Musgrave ( 0-1 ) got the loss .
REDS 7 , DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Adam Duvall 's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit , and Cincinnati rallied for the victory .
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth , helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set . Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits .
Both of Cincinnati 's homers came off Patrick Corbin ( 5-2 ) , who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings .
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks , who have dropped 16 of 20 overall .
Sal Romano ( 3-6 ) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4 , and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Medivir Ab :
* MEDIVIR ANNOUNCES JANSSEN DECISION TO TERMINATE ITS SIMEPREVIR LICENSE EFFECTIVE JUNE 2018
* SAYS JANSSEN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. HAS DECIDED TO TERMINATE THE LICENSE THAT IT HOLDS FOR SIMEPREVIR DUE TO JANSSEN ‘ S ASSESSMENT OF MARKET DEMAND Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Stockholm newsroom )
May 2 Keppel Philippines Properties Inc
* Resignation of Ng Ooi Hooi as member of board of directors and chairman due to work reassignments at keppel land ltd
* Sam Moon Thong , elected today as member of board of directors and chairman of kppi , to replace ng ooi hooi Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Exclusive : More than 100 die in Malaysian immigration detention camps in two years
More than one hundred foreigners died in the past two years in Malaysia 's immigration detention centers from diseases and unknown causes , according to documents from the government–funded National Human Rights Commission . More than half are from Myanmar , where many Rohingya Muslims have tried to escape persecution . It is unclear whether the death rate is higher than in neighboring countries , but it is higher than in major industrialized nations such as the United States , which has many more detainees and yet recorded 10 deaths in its immigration detention system in one year . Reuters ' A. Ananthalakshmi reports .
here
Congress craves closure on healthcare , but has no consensus on tax reform
In interviews with 10 of the roughly three dozen House Freedom Caucus , lawmakers said they were eager to put aside tensions over the debacle that sank President Donald Trump 's American Healthcare Act and seek common ground on tax reform . But there is no consensus on details of a tax-reform bill , and raw feelings and mistrust could pose an obstacle to Trump and his allies as they seek to rebound from defeat on healthcare by launching into an overhaul of the U.S. tax code . Reuters ' Roberta Rampton , Richard Cowan and Amanda Becker report.here
Exclusive : Republicans mostly blame Congress for healthcare reform failure - Reuters/Ipsos poll
The poll asked who should take responsibility for the failure of the American Health Care Act . Republicans were most likely to blame Congress . Some 26 percent said House Democrats were most responsible and 23 percent blamed House Republicans . Another 13 percent blamed Trump and 10 percent blamed Ryan . Only 8 percent blamed the media . Reuters ' Chris Kahn reports .
here
Corporate America 's top shareholder referee gets tougher on activists
Institutional Shareholder Services Inc , the world 's top proxy advisory firm , is making activist investors work harder than ever to earn its backing in corporate control battles in a shift being led by the new man in charge of its recommendations . Since Cristiano Guerra formally took over in January as the head of ISS 's special situations research team , the firm 's support for activists in proxy fights has fallen to 50 percent of the cases , compared with 60 percent last year . He also has indicated a greater willingness to challenge activist funds pushing for changes in corporate boards and strategies . Reuters ' Michael Flaherty reports .
here
Exclusive : Malaysia thought Kim Jong Nam was South Korean
Malaysian authorities wrongly identified the slain half-brother of North Korea 's leader as a South Korean national and first alerted Seoul 's embassy in Kuala Lumpur soon after his death , sources familiar with the incident told Reuters . How ? After examining the victim 's passport , Malaysian authorities confused the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea with the Republic of Korea . Reuters ' Tom Allard , Emily Chow and James Pearson report .
here
Exclusive : Trump 's 'big data ' consultant to meet Australian government
The company credited with helping Donald Trump win the U.S. presidency has registered a company in Australia and plans to meet the country 's ruling conservative Liberal Party next week . Cambridge Analytica , which has also said its `` psychographic '' methods helped the successful campaign for Britain to leave the European Union , has registered an Australian office at a property being redeveloped in the Sydney beachfront suburb of Maroubra . Reuters ' Byron Kaye and Jeremy Wagstaff report .
here
Mexico looks for business elsewhere
Mexico 's states are turning to Asia and beyond as some U.S. companies put investment plans on hold south of the border following President Donald Trump 's calls to bring jobs back home . Reuters ' Anthony Esposito reports .
here
Smoking in Indonesia , now more than ever
Indonesia 's government has proposed issuing a decree to govern the domestic tobacco industry , a move that could sharply raise cigarette output in the world 's fourth-most populous nation , after a bill outlining the changes was opposed by the health ministry and anti-smoking groups . Reuters ' Eveline Danubrata and Agustinus Beo Da Costa report .
here
Reuters photo of the day
Getting ready for Passover
here
A man clears notes placed in the cracks of the Western Wall in Jerusalem to clear space for new notes ahead of Passover . REUTERS/Baz Ratner
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling , but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals .
For example , the United Nations Environment Programme ( with support from 42 governments ) , declared a fight against plastics , announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022 .
The following year , the European Commission ( EC ) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics , aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030 .
Lagging behind the international community , the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate `` avoidable '' plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away !
Meanwhile , Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling .
With governments setting unambitious targets , it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers .
Recently , McDonald 's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants , as of September 2018 . This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions . Ikea has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020 , including plastic straws , plates , cups , freezer bags , garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups .
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem ?
Sure , the plastics industry has something to lose , and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner .
But time is running out .
I 'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs , as we likely would n't be here today if they had . Giving up a plastic straw , stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all .
If I have to choose between `` Planet or Plastic , '' I know which I 'll pick . What about you ?
Tony Robert Walker is an Assistant Professor at Dalhousie University . This article was originally published on The Conversation .
March 30 Credit China Fintech Holdings Ltd :
* Company , sellers and target company entered into term sheet
* Deal for an aggregate consideration of approximately S $ 25.5 million
* Deal relating to potential investment , comprising acquisition of shares in target co from sellers , subscription of new shares in target co
* Target company is Havenport Asset Management Pte . Ltd . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HONG KONG , April 3 Hong Kong stocks rose on Monday , with infrastructure-related stocks surging on news that Beijing plans to set up a special economic zone in the heavily polluted province of Hebei .
Mainland markets were closed for a holiday .
The benchmark Hang Seng index , which fell on Thursday and Friday , gained 0.6 percent to 24,261.48 , while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index edged up 0.4 percent , to 10,314.52 .
Shares of China building materials maker BBMG surged as much as 46 percent to their highest since May 2015 , making it the top performer in Hong Kong .
Energy solution provider LT Smart Energy soared as much as 70 percent to its highest since April 2015 .
China will establish a special economic zone in Hebei province in order to promote integration with the neighbouring cities of Beijing and Tianjin , the government announced on Saturday .
China VAST Industrial Urban Development and Tianjin Port jumped 20 percent .
Brokers said investors were re-balancing portfolios on the second quarter 's first day of trade with focus on infrastructure plays in hopes of more favourable policy from Beijing .
Kulun Energy rose 5.6 percent to its highest since July 2015 , while China Shenhua rose 1.8 percent .
Mainland and Hong Kong markets will be closed on Tuesday for a holiday . Both will reopen on Wednesday . ( Reporting by Donny Kwok ; Editing by Richard Borsuk )
OTTAWA — A man has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after a van struck pedestrians along one of Toronto 's busiest thoroughfares , conjuring memories of recent similar attacks , including in France , Germany and Spain .
Monday 's events sent the city reeling , sowing confusion and fear . So why have no terrorism charges been laid in the case ?
Here 's a look at the Canadian legal regime on terrorism :
DEFINITION : The Criminal Code defines terrorism as an act carried out `` for a political , religious or ideological purpose , objective or cause '' intended to intimidate the public by causing death or serious bodily harm , endangering health and safety , or interfering with an essential service .
OFFENCES : The code includes offences that target financing and participation in a terrorist group , as well as facilitating and instructing others to commit terrorist acts .
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY : When Criminal Code offences for terrorism were introduced as a part of the Anti-Terrorism Act in 2001 , Parliament decided that one of the things that should help distinguish such offences from other forms of violent crime was the specific motivational definition , said Wesley Wark of the University of Ottawa 's graduate school of public and international affairs .
`` Some violent crimes may have the same effect as terrorism but if the motivational element can not be demonstrated then they are not considered , legally , acts of terrorism , even if they terrorize , '' Wark said .
It can also be difficult for police and legal counsel to establish the motivation in a way that meets the evidentiary standards of a court , he added .
The terrorism offences in Canadian law `` do not work well '' with so-called lone-wolf suspects who act on their own , given the code 's emphasis on participating in or contributing to the activities of a terrorist group , said Kent Roach , a law professor at the University of Toronto who has written extensively about national security .
OTHER CASES : There is expert consensus that whenever it 's appropriate to lay terrorism charges , that should happen , even if it makes no ultimate difference to the criminal sanction , such as the length of sentence imposed , Wark said .
April 28 DIGIA OYJ :
* REG-DIGIA PLC IS PREPARING ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR ITS GROWTH STRATEGY : THE COMPANY HAS MADE AN AGREEMENT ON CONDITIONAL BANK FINANCING AND IS PLANNING A RIGHTS ISSUE
* ACCORDING TO A PRELIMINARY ESTIMATE , RIGHTS ISSUE WOULD AMOUNT TO A MAXIMUM OF EUR 12.5 MILLION , AND , MARKET CONDITIONS PERMITTING , IT WOULD BE CARRIED OUT DURING Q2 OF 2017
* HAS DECIDED TO LAUNCH A RIGHTS ISSUE FOR COMPANY 'S PRESENT SHAREHOLDERS TO FINANCE ITS PLANNED GROWTH STRATEGY
* HAS ALSO SIGNED AN AGREEMENT ON NEW LONG-TERM BANK FINANCING WITH DANSKE BANK PLC
* COMPANY AIMS TO GROW AT A CONSIDERABLY FASTER PACE THAN IT MARKET AND SEEKS AN AVERAGE ANNUAL GROWTH OF 15 PER CENT DURING STRATEGY PERIOD 2016-2019 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. — Bills coach Sean McDermott says it 's uncertain whether starting cornerback E.J . Gaines will play in Buffalo 's game at Cincinnati on Sunday .
Gaines will be listed as questionable because of a groin injury .
In updating the status on other injured players , McDermott says he 's `` fairly confident '' defensive end Shaq Lawson will return after missing one game with a groin injury .
As expected , starting receiver Jordan Matthews and starting linebacker Ramon Humber have been ruled out after both broke thumbs in a 23-17 win at Atlanta last weekend .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Two Wakefield care homes have been taken out of special measures .
Prospect House in Normanton and The Glynn Residential Home , just north of the city centre , were both at risk of closure after being rated inadequate by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) last summer .
The CQC has told both homes that they still need to improve , but that substantial progress has been made following new inspections earlier this year .
Prospect House , which cares for seven people with learning disabilities , was found to be in breach of six regulations when inspectors visited the home in July 2017 . The home was criticised for failing to manage medicines correctly and for the way they recruited staff .
However , in the new report , the CQC said improvements had been made in both of these areas .
It said : “ Since the last inspection additional measures had been introduced to make sure medicines were managed more safely .
“ The registered manager told us four members of staff had started
working at Prospect House since the last inspection . We looked at all four staff files and found the necessary checks had been completed before staff commenced employment . Candidates had attended interviews
where their experience and suitability to work were discussed . ”
The report also praised the home for how friendly staff were with people living at the home .
It added : “ People lived in a pleasant environment and accessed areas where they could spend time on their own or with others .
“ Relatives told us the service was very caring and confirmed staff supported their relationships . ”
Elderly residential home The Glynn had also been found to have committed six breaches , including two related to the dignity of residents and good governance .
However , the home is now under new management and was praised by the CQC for the improvements it had made .
The report said : “ At the last inspection in July and August 2017 we found staff did not always have time to sit and talk to people and staff terminology was not always appropriate .
“ We saw improvements had been made in relation to staff having time to sit with people and interact . We saw staff chatting to people and discussing what they would like to do that day .
“ We spoke to a visiting professional on the first day of inspection . They told us staff were very accommodating and that they were proactive in taking advice if given . ”
Both homes were given a ‘ requires improvement ' grade on four of the five criteria used to judge care homes and rated ‘ good ' on the other .
Liz Wood , the manager at The Glynn said : “ Our priority was to make sure that the staff and residents are taken care of , which was what we got a ‘ good ' rating on this time .
“ Everything else ( areas where the home requires improvement ) is just a case of paperwork and that 's now been done .
“ The home 's always had a good reputation for care and we will continue that . ”
Prospect House have not yet responded to a request for comment .
NASA airborne mission returns to Africa to study smoke , clouds
by Staff Writers
Greenbelt MD ( SPX ) Aug 14 , 2017
NASA 's P-3 aircraft is prepared for departure from the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia early in the morning Aug. 1 to support the agency 's Observations of Aerosols above Clouds and their interactions or ORACLES mission . A five-year investigation , ORACLES is examining the impact aerosols from biomass burning in southern Africa has on climate as it mixes with clouds over the southeast Atlantic Ocean . The 2017 flight campaign , which runs through August , will base from Sao Tome , Africa . Credit : NASA/Patrick Black
NASA 's P-3 research plane begins flights this month through both clouds and smoke over the South Atlantic Ocean to understand how tiny airborne particles called aerosols change the properties of clouds and how they influence the amount of incoming sunlight the clouds reflect or absorb .
The Observations of Aerosols above Clouds and their Interactions , or ORACLES , field mission is carrying out the month-long field campaign from Sao Tome and Principe , an island nation off the west coast of Africa . From there researchers will investigate an area off the coast of Angola , where two phenomena meet . One is natural : a low-lying cloud bank that naturally forms over the ocean . The other is at least partly human-made : a plume of smoke from seasonal fires set on agricultural fields across central Africa .
The short lifetime of aerosols in the atmosphere make them among the most variable components of Earth 's climate system . An umbrella term for any small particle suspended in the atmosphere , aerosols can be either light or dark , reflective or absorbent of sunlight , and can enhance or suppress the formation of cloud droplets . They can be natural , like desert dust , sea salt or pollen . They can also result from human activities , such as sulfate particles which form from the oxidation of sulfur dioxide emitted from power plants , or , as is the case in Central Africa , soot and ash from human-made fires .
`` Imagine a plume of smoke , '' said ORACLES Principal Investigator Jens Redemann of NASA 's Ames Research Center in California 's Silicon Valley . `` If you see it over the contrast of a dark ocean , it looks lighter , which means the aerosols making up the smoke would have a cooling effect at the top of the atmosphere - they reflect more radiation . ''
In contrast , `` if you look at those aerosol particles over a cloud deck , they make the clouds appear darker sometimes , and that would have a warming effect at the top of the atmosphere , '' he said .
The sheer variety of aerosol particle types and the fact that they stay in the atmosphere for just days to weeks , compared to years spent by greenhouse gases , means they are among the most challenging to understand and incorporate into climate models , said Redemann , which is why the data collected from the P-3 aircraft measurements of aerosols and clouds are so important .
`` Ideally , we 're going to create a data set climate modelers can use to test their parameterization of these cloud-aerosol interactions , '' said Redemann . `` So ten years from now , someone can go back and say , 'OK , I wonder if these guys collected data on mechanisms A , B , C and I can use that to get the mechanisms correct in my model . ' ''
One of those climate modelers is Susanne Bauer at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York City , who is also a member of the ORACLES science team .
`` In order to develop climate models , we have to consider microphysical processes , such as how a cloud droplet gets formed and how such droplets and physical conditions inside and outside of a cloud are changed by the presence of aerosols , '' she said . `` These can only be measured in the field . ''
Those microscopic interactions between particles and droplets have multiple effects . In addition to direct effects like absorbing or reflecting sunlight , Bauer said , `` they can change how much sunlight a cloud reflects back to space and the lifetime of a cloud . Possibly they can influence if it 's raining or if a cloud will start to drizzle . '' Understanding these small-scale processes is crucial to gaining knowledge about how human-made pollution is changing the climate globally via cloud effects .
NASA 's P-3 research aircraft , managed at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia , is outfitted with a suite of instruments to directly measure these and other properties from air drawn into the plane through inlets on the sides and wings . Each instrument is operated by small groups of scientists who make up the ORACLES research team .
`` The work we do can only be done by a large , dedicated team , '' said Bernadette Squire Luna , ORACLES project manager at Ames , who manages the logistics for the nearly one hundred scientists who will be rotating through Sao Tome in August . `` We have scientists from five NASA centers , ten universities and two national labs , as well as new international partnerships . ''
The August 2017 deployment is the second of three annual deployments designed to capture different parts of the agricultural fire season each year .
Palo Alto CA ( SPX ) Aug 09 , 2017
Scientists will get a better understanding of our planet 's carbon cycle and vegetation health through a first-of-a-kind NASA instrument built by Lockheed Martin ( NYSE : LMT ) . The Geostationary Carbon Cycle Observatory ( GeoCARB ) mission will use an advanced infrared spectrograph hosted on a commercial geosynchronous satellite . The project is led by Principal Investigator Dr. Berrien Moore at the U ... read more
Related Links
( Updates to close )
April 10 Australian shares closed near a two-year high on Monday , as energy and material stocks found support from higher global oil prices .
The S & P/ASX 200 index ended the session 0.9 percent , or 50.43 points , higher at 5,912.9 .
The market edged higher on the back of oil producers and energy-related companies , with the benchmark energy index rising to its highest in 19 months .
Oil majors Woodside Petroleum Ltd closed 0.7 percent higher , while Oil Search Ltd gained 0.9 percent .
Shares of BHP Billiton Ltd , which has significant exposure to the oil sector , closed 4.6 percent higher .
The sector found support from global oil prices , which rose on Monday because of strong demand and uncertainty over the conflict in Syria , following the U.S. missile attack on a Syrian airbase last week .
Although Syria is not a major oil producer , any escalation of the conflict feeds fears about oil supplies due to the country 's location and alliances with big oil producers in the region .
Financials , the biggest index constituent , finished up 0.8 percent , with the 'Big Four ' banks ending in positive territory ahead of earnings season .
`` People now would be a bit wary of selling the banks too much , as we are anticipating that there will be some pretty good results , '' said Ric Spooner , chief market strategist at CMC markets .
New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index finished the session flat at 7,238.86 points . Utility stocks were a drag on the index , capping gains in financial and consumer staples .
Shares of power generation company Meridian Energy Ltd closed 1.9 percent lower , while honey producer Comvita Ltd ended up 2.3 percent .
( Reporting by Anusha Ravindranath in Bengaluru ; Additional reporting by Ambar Warrick ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
April 28 LPKF Laser & Electronics AG :
* Said on Thursday received further major orders from solar industry
* Orders with a total value of approx . 10 million euros ( $ 10.86 million )
* Orders will be reported mainly in the revenue of the year 2018
* Confidentiality has been agreed with the client about the specific details of the orders Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9206 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
DUBAI May 3 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Wednesday . Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy .
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks ride global momentum , dollar up on June Fed rate hike bets
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Saudi 's SABIC slips after Q1 results ; Gulf sluggish on oil but Egypt up
* Oil rebounds on U.S. stocks drawdown , declining OPEC compliance weighs
* PRECIOUS-Gold near 3-wk low on strong equities , dollar ; Fed signal awaited
* Middle East Crude-Dubai edges up as market awaits more OSPs
* Trump , Putin discuss Syria ceasefire in first talks since U.S. air strikes
* Powerful Saudi prince sees no chance for dialogue with Iran
* Rival Libyan kingpins break the ice in Abu Dhabi
* Influential clerical body endorses Rouhani rival
* India cuts oil import plans from Iran by a quarter over gas field row
* Turkish banks ' Q1 net profit rises 65 percent - watchdog
* EMERGING MARKETS-EM stocks hit 20-mth high on tech rally , currencies gain
EGYPT
* Egyptian non-oil business activity shrinks for 19th month in April - PMI
* Egypt seeks at least 50,000 tonnes of raw sugar
* Remittances from Egyptians abroad rise by 13.8 pct since November
* Egypt 's Juhayna posts drop in Q1 profit to 58.257 mln pounds
* Lowering inflation key to Egypt 's reforms -senior IMF official
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi private-sector growth edges up in April , PMI shows
* Saudi prince says economic reforms working , promises huge investments
* Aramco sale wo n't be far off 5 pct , will happen in 2018-Saudi prince
* Saudi British Bank could issue dollar bond this month - sources
* Saudi 's SABIC looking at $ 3 bln- $ 6 bln acquisition opportunities
* Central bank governor says Saudi will stick to currency peg
* Bids submitted to advise on privatisation of 55 Saudi healthcare centres
* Saudi finance minister says likely to tap foreign , local bond markets again this year
* TABLE-Saudi Arabia Q1 earnings estimates
* Saudi finance minister : on track to slash deficit , delivering on payments promise
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* UAE non-oil business growth slows marginally in April , PMI shows
* Etihad says will no longer invest in Italy 's Alitalia
* Iraq 's SOMO , Russia 's Litasco set up oil trade firm in Dubai - sources
* TABLE-Abu Dhabi Q1 earnings estimates
* TABLE-Dubai Q1 earnings estimates
* UAE 's Arabtec launches AED 1.5 Bln rights issue
QATAR
* TABLE-Qatar Q1 earnings estimates
* TABLE-Qatar bank lending growth slows in March
KUWAIT
* Kuwait 's Zain Group reports flat quarterly profit as revenue drops
* TABLE-Kuwait Q1 earnings estimates
BAHRAIN
* Bahrain 's Ahli United Bank Q1 profit rises
* TABLE-Bahrain Q1 earnings estimates
OMAN
* Kuwait 's Zain and Saudi Telecom vie for Oman licence ( Reporting By Dubai Newsroom )
MONTREAL — Taxpayers are on the hook for more than $ 300,000 in expenses attributed to jurors in the criminal trial for the Lac-Megantic train explosion that killed 47 people .
That number represents only a small percentage of the total costs to the public , however , according to one of the defence lawyers in the case that was heard at the Sherbrooke courthouse , 150 kilometres east of Montreal .
When figuring in jury compensation ( $ 211,989 ) , hotels ( $ 26,746 ) , meals ( $ 26,829 ) , secured transport ( $ 9,569 ) and translation services for the bilingual trial ( $ 35,698 ) , the final tally sent to the Justice Department was $ 310,984 .
The information was obtained by The Canadian Press through access to information request and covered only jury-related expenses , excluding costs for the public prosecutors , the judge , and all other court personnel .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
March 29 China Healthwise Holdings Ltd :
* Company and vendor entered into s & p agreement
* Net proceeds from subscription , after deduction of related expenses , are estimated to be approximately hk $ 59.9 million
* Deal at an aggregate consideration of hk $ 85.0 million
* Company and subscriber entered into subscription agreement
* Pursuant to s & p agreement company agreed to acquire and vendor agreed to sell sale shares and sale loan
* Company intends to apply net proceeds from subscription for the acquisition
* Vendor being china star entertainment ( bvi ) limited , target company is ace season holdings limited
* Co to allot and issue and subscriber to subscribe for a total of 363.6 million subscription shares at subscription price of hk $ 0.165 per subscription share
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage :
DTH van der Merwe will captain Canada in its June rugby test series against Scotland , Russia and the U.S .
Coach Kingsley Jones has named Tyler Ardron and Phil Mack vice-captains .
The 30-man squad contains 16 forwards and 14 backs with a combined cap total of 526 . The only uncapped player is UBC fly half Theo Sauder .
`` Sauder is someone that has been on my radar since I arrived , '' Jones said in a statement . `` I 've watched his club clips and went to watch some of his games . He has an amazing skill set , there 's nothing it seems he ca n't do on the ball .
`` He has tremendous pace and he 's a cheeky confident player , which is what you need in the positions he could end up playing . He 's a great option for us to have . ''
The Canadian team will be without Connor Braid , Admir Cejvanovic and Andrew Coe , who are with the national sevens squad .
Taylor Paris , Matt Evans , Conor Trainor and Ciaran Hearn are among those left out as they recover from injury .
The roster includes 12 overseas pros and 17 members of Canada 's centralized program .
Canada , ranked 21st in the world , opens June 9 against fifth-ranked Scotland on June 9 at Edmonton 's Commonwealth Stadium before taking on No . 19 Russia on June 16 at Ottawa 's Twin Elm Rugby Park and the 15th-ranked U.S. Eagles on June 23 at Halifax 's Wanderers Ground .
The Canadian men are gearing up for a four-team repechage tournament in November , which represents their third and final attempt to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup .
Rachel Jarnagin was on her way to a post-surgical checkup Friday when she heard the news : The Trump administration had rolled back Obamacare 's birth control mandate , opening the door for nearly any employer or insurer with religious or moral convictions against contraceptives to exclude those benefits from their health plans .
The announcement struck close to home : Jarnagin , 30 , had an ovary removed because of endometriosis just over a week ago and was prescribed hormonal birth control to keep the disorder in check . Endometriosis is an often-painful condition in which uterine tissue grows outside the uterus .
“ My doctor told me , ‘ Unless we start you on birth control to manage it , there 's no guarantee that you wo n't get endometriosis on the other ovary and lose it , too , ' ” said Jarnagin , who works at a bath and beauty store in Denver . “ It 's a necessity for me . ”
Her reaction to the administration 's decision : “ I deserve to have affordable medications for a condition that I have no control over . I have always been an advocate for access to health care , and it 's frustrating that I may have to fight or pay more for health care that I 've already done . ”
Much of the controversy over providing contraception to women centers on its use for family planning . But many medical conditions also require the use of hormonal birth control methods .
“ I saw this announcement , and it made me really angry , ” said Jarnagin 's older sister , Allison Phipps , 32 . “ Endometriosis is a very common problem . My mom had it when she was 27 and had a portion of both of her ovaries removed . I might even have it , because many women do n't even know it 's there until the symptoms start . ”
Phipps herself was on the pill for 11 years and believes it might have protected her from developing the condition that has plagued the women in her family .
“ Personally , that 's why it 's important to me for birth control to be covered , ” said Phipps , who works as an art director in Denver , “ but I also believe it 's very important to women as a family planning method .
“ I remember when I was in college and having to pay for it , ” she said . “ For a generic mini pill , it was $ 30 a month , and with no job and student loans , that was a big deal . That was ramen noodle packages for a month . ”
Phipps , like many women , took to social media to express outrage , often using the hashtag # HandsoffmyBC .
My sister just had surgery for an endometrial cyst on her ovary & the doc wants her on BC to prevent the endometriosis from coming back . — Allison Phipps ( @ yellowphipps ) October 6 , 2017
And if her employer stops covering birth control she will be out $ 50 or more each month for a medically necessary use . # HandsOffMyBC https : //t.co/O76K8hTodm — Allison Phipps ( @ yellowphipps ) October 6 , 2017
Jennifer Lawson , 43 , a best-selling author and blogger from San Antonio , used the hashtag to share how she used birth control in her youth to control excruciating cramps .
Listen . I was on bc pills when I was still a virgin bc it helps with cripplingly painful cramps… https : //t.co/RvAZdwZ2fE # handsoffmyBC — TheBloggess ( @ TheBloggess ) October 6 , 2017
Her cramps , she wrote in an email , were “ so severe they made me physically sick . A doctor put me on birth control pills to help and it made a big difference . I still had cramps and nausea but they were finally manageable to the point that I was n't missing days of school and falling behind in life . ”
Children 's book author Jessie Talbot had an even stronger reaction . “ If I did n't have BC , I 'd be dead now , ” she posted .
“ My issues came to an abrupt end when I got a hysterectomy 17 years ago , ” Talbot said in an interview . “ The birth control helped for a while but there was actually too much wrong for it to save the day . At least I had that option at the time . ”
Atlanta interactive designer Deb Nilsen has polycystic ovary syndrome , a hormonal imbalance often treated with birth control . If left untreated , it can lead to serious health issues such as heart disease and diabetes .
“ I think that the idea of the rollback on birth control is ridiculous and shortsighted , ” Nilsen posted on Facebook . “ Women like me , who have PCOS , typically do not have regular cycles and take birth control in order to get a period and not to prevent pregnancy . If a woman with PCOS does n't have access to birth control , I think it could be a risk factor for her . ”
None of these reactions comes as a surprise to Dr. Anne Davis , an OB-GYN in New York who serves as consulting medical director for the nonprofit Physicians for Reproductive Health . After the 2016 election , she says , she heard women warning each other that their access to birth control might dwindle once the president-elect took office .
But worry is much different from reality .
Friday , Davis was fitting an intrauterine device for a patient who has a condition that makes it medically dangerous to have more children . “ I asked her if she 'd seen the news , ” Davis said . “ She told me that she saw it and it was really hard for her not to cry . ”
Just a decade ago , says Davis , most women in her practice never considered using an IUD . “ I would tell them , ‘ Your insurance is n't going cover it , and it 's 800 bucks . ' And people just shrugged their shoulders and said , ‘ Well , I do n't have 800 bucks . ' It was completely out of reach financially for most of my patients . ”
One of those patients , she recalls , used a condom for contraception but , due to accidents , ended up having an abortion , and then another .
“ After the Obamacare mandate , she was able to get an IUD , ” Davis said . “ Years later , she 's planning a family , in a place and time in her life where she can support children . It was a sea change for her . ”
What 's next for women who find themselves reliant on birth control for their medical conditions ?
“ People are feeling deeply unsettled , ” Davis added . “ They do n't know what 's going to happen . ”
Lawson , the author and blogger , said , “ No employer knows me well enough to decide what is or is n't acceptable for myself , my daughter , or anyone else . And they should n't have to know me well enough because it 's none of their business . ”
Lawson says she no longer has to take birth control pills but would be terrified of how the Trump decision would affect her if she were still suffering as she did when she was younger .
“ But just because it does n't affect me personally does n't mean I will stop fighting for those who it will negatively impact , ” Lawson said . “ We 're in this together . Or at least , we should be . ”
April 12Anhui Xinhua Media Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 130 percent to 155 percent , or to be 563.8 million yuan to 625.1 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 245.1 million yuan )
* Says issuance of securities as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/jGrHgX
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
NEW YORK Lawyers for the passenger dragged from a United Airlines plane in Chicago filed an emergency request with an Illinois state court on Wednesday to require the carrier to preserve video recordings and other evidence related to the incident .
Citing the risk of `` serious prejudice '' to their client , Dr. David Dao , the lawyers want United and the City of Chicago , which runs O'Hare International Airport , to preserve surveillance videos , cockpit voice recordings , passenger and crew lists , and other materials related to United Flight 3411 .
Chicago 's Aviation Department said on Wednesday that two more officers had been placed on leave in connection with the April 9 incident , during which airport security officers dragged Dao from his seat aboard a United jet headed for Louisville , Kentucky . One officer was placed on leave on Tuesday .
Paul Callan , a civil and criminal trial lawyer in New York , said the public outcry over Dao 's treatment would likely push the airline to a quick and generous settlement .
`` Because United has such a catastrophic PR problem , this case has a much greater value than such a case would normally have , '' he said .
United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz on Wednesday apologised to Dao , his family and United customers in an ABC News interview , saying the company would no longer use law enforcement officers to remove passengers from overbooked flights .
`` This can never , will never happen again , '' he said .
Munoz is under pressure to contain a torrent of bad publicity and calls for boycotts against United unleashed by videos that captured Dao 's rough treatment by airline and airport security staff .
Dao was removed to make room for additional crew members , United said .
Footage from the incident shows Dao , bloodied and dishevelled , returning to the cabin and repeating : `` Just kill me . Kill me , '' and `` I have to go home . ''
As of Tuesday , Dao was still in a Chicago hospital recovering from his injuries , his lawyer said .
On Wednesday , United said it would compensate all passengers on board the flight the cost of their tickets .
Munoz said United would be examining the way it compensates customers who volunteer to give up seats on overbooked planes , adding that it would likely not demand that seated passengers surrender their places .
Some U.S. lawmakers called for new rules that could make it more difficult for airlines to overbook flights as a tool for increasing revenue .
U.S. President Donald Trump said it was `` horrible '' that Dao was dragged off the flight , according to an interview from the Wall Street Journal . Rather than calling for an end to the practice of overselling , Trump said that instead , there should be no upper limit to incentives carriers can offer passengers in exchange for their seats on overbooked flights .
Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate committee that oversees transportation have questioned United 's actions .
But Delta Air Lines Inc CEO Ed Bastian on Wednesday defended overbooking as `` a valid business practice '' that does not require additional oversight by the government .
`` It 's not a question , in my opinion , as to whether you overbook , '' Bastian said on a call with analysts . `` It 's how you manage an overbook situation . ''
The backlash from the incident resonated around the world , with social media users in the United States , China and Vietnam calling for boycotts of the No . 3 U.S. carrier by passenger traffic and an end to the practice of overbooking flights . [ L8N1HK0L9 ]
Shares of United Continental closed 1.1 percent lower at $ 69.93 . They fell as much as 4.4 percent on Tuesday .
Two online petitions calling for Munoz to step down as CEO had more than 124,000 signatures combined by Wednesday afternoon . Munoz told ABC he had no plans to resign over the incident .
( Reporting by Alana Wise in New York ; Additional reporting by David Shepardson in Washington , and Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Richard Chang )
United Airlines said on Friday it is changing its policy on booking its own flight crews onto its planes after a man was dragged off an overbooked flight to make way for a United employee on Sunday , video of which went viral and made the airline the target of global criticism and ridicule .
The airline , owned by United Continental Holdings Inc ( UAL.N ) , said it would make sure crews traveling on their aircraft are booked into seats at least 60 minutes before departure .
It said the new policy would ensure that a situation in which a passenger is forcibly removed from a plane does not occur again . United said the change is an initial step as it reviews policies in order to `` deliver the best customer experience . ''
The passenger ejected from the plane , David Dao , suffered a significant concussion , broken nose and lost two front teeth in the incident , and will need reconstructive surgery , according to his attorney , Thomas Demetrio , who has signaled that Dao will likely sue the airline .
United 's board said on Friday the company had to craft policies to win back customer trust and apologized to Dao and his family . It added that it stands behind Chief Executive Oscar Munoz , who has been under fire in the wake of the incident . Munoz has said he has no plans to resign .
Even before this week , Munoz was under pressure from activist investors to improve the airline 's performance , including its customer relations .
In an unrelated incident , a United passenger complained that a scorpion stung him during a flight from Texas , also on Sunday .
A physician on the ground assured the crew that `` it was not a life-threatening matter , '' United spokeswoman Maddie King said in an email on Friday , adding that the airline is `` reaching out to the customer to apologize and discuss the matter . ''
( Reporting by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru ; Editing by Bill Rigby )
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan greets his supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum in the Black Sea city of Rize , Turkey , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ANKARA The state of emergency imposed on Turkey after a failed coup last July could be extended further after it expires this month , President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday .
Emergency rule enables the government to bypass parliament in enacting new laws and to limit or suspend rights and freedoms when deemed necessary .
`` If the time expires , we 'll extend it . There is no obstacle in front of it , '' Erdoğan told broadcaster TGRT .
Erdoğan made his comments days before a referendum in which Turks will vote on replacing Turkey 's parliamentary system for an executive presidency , marking the biggest change in Turkey 's political system in its modern history .
Two opinion polls showed on Thursday that a narrow majority of Turks will vote `` Yes '' in the referendum , which could give Erdoğan sweeping powers .
The state of emergency was extended on January 19 for an additional three months in a move the government said was needed to sustain a purge of supporters of the U.S.-based Muslim cleric accused of orchestrating the coup attempt . It has been criticised by Erdoğan 's opponents , who say it is being used as a pretext to crush dissent .
Ankara accuses preacher Fethullah Gulen and his supporters of being behind the coup bid . Gulen denies the allegations .
Since then , more than 100,000 people from a wide range of professions have been sacked or dismissed and scores of media outlets closed over alleged links to Gulen 's network or other militant groups .
( Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
Preparations for the City of Delaware 's 3,500-plus shell Fourth of July fireworks display were well underway Monday .
Retired Firefighter Charlie Cooperider was mowing part of the field between the city 's recycling center and wastewater treatment facility on Cherry Street Monday afternoon . Cooperider said a public utilities crew had mowed a vast majority of the field to keep the grass low and prevent both bugs and potential fire hazards from plaguing Cooperider and the other seven men who will be running the fireworks show Wednesday .
Cooperider said he and his crew will be out in the field today to prepare for the show and would be out Wednesday to load all of the fireworks ahead of the 10 p.m. show . He added that he and his team will be back out on July 5 to pick up the site and debris in the daylight .
“ It 's hard work , and it 's long work , ” Cooperider said . “ I do n't think people realize the time and effort that goes into this . ”
Cooperider said he 's been participating in the show for more than 26 years ever since the show was cancelled one year because of an issue with an exhibitor .
“ I do n't know what the issue was , but myself and ( then Fire Chief Tom Macklin ) both decided we were n't going to allow that to happen again , ” Cooperider said .
He said he and Macklin got their assistant 's licenses after that fireworks show , and 17 years ago he got his exhibitor 's license , which he has to take an eight-hour course every year to maintain .
“ I just enjoy doing it , ” Cooperider said . “ It 's the same crew we 've had for the past five or six years . With mine and ( Macklin 's ) safety background , we see that it 's done as safe as it can possibly be done . Everyone who works with us is very safety conscientious . ”
Cooperider said the show is basically the same as shows in previous years , and he hopes more sponsors sign up to sponsor the show in the future .
“ The price of shells just goes up , ” Cooperider said . “ I 'm getting the same money for fewer shells . Hopefully , some sponsors jump on the bandwagon . ”
The National Weather Service reports that the temperature will reach more than 90 degrees on Wednesday .
“ Hopefully , Mother Nature cooperates with us , ” Cooperider said . “ It 's supposed to be miserable out here but so be it , we 've done it in hotter weather . Hopefully by the time it comes to show time , we can get a breeze to blow the smoke blowing out of here . ”
The high heat and humidity does actually make for a better show , Cooperider added .
“ Actually , the higher humidity , the brighter the shells are ! ” he said .
The fireworks begin at 10 p.m. Wednesday .
Retired Firefighter Charlie Cooperider touches up one of the areas on Cherry Street that he and others will be using to light fireworks during Wednesday 's show . https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/07/web1_DSC_0061.jpg Retired Firefighter Charlie Cooperider touches up one of the areas on Cherry Street that he and others will be using to light fireworks during Wednesday 's show .
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill @ aimmediamidwest.com
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
As June approaches , so too does Delaware 's monthly celebration of its historic downtown scene . The June 1 First Friday festivities will feature a “ Hidden Spaces ” walking tour that will allow citizens to get a look at downtown spaces that are n't typically open to the public .
The self-guided tours , sponsored by Performance Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram of Delaware and TRIAD architects , will begin at 6 p.m. and will run through 9 p.m. Tickets will be $ 10 per person , and children 10 and under will be admitted for free . Patrons can purchase tickets online at Main St. Delaware 's website or at The Greater Gouda , located at 12 N. Sandusky St .
Online or credit card sales will include a $ 1 fee . Tickets can also be purchased after 5 p.m. the day of the event at the Main Street Delaware tent , which will be located in front of the PNC Bank building at 40 N. Sandusky St. Maps of the featured buildings will also be handed out .
According to a Main Street Delaware press release , “ All proceeds from the evening will support Main Street Delaware 's efforts to preserve and promote the city 's historic downtown . ”
Balloons will mark the different tour sites , and volunteers will be available at each location to offer some background and historical information on the building . Some of the buildings that will be included in the tour are the old Gazette building , the old county jail , and the second floors of the Chelly Belly , Oak & Brazen and Fidelity Federal Savings & Loan buildings . In total , there will be at least a dozen buildings featured .
“ A lot of times you wonder what 's up there … it 's an opportunity for people to appreciate the historic buildings , and it helps people to remember things from the past , ” Main Street Delaware Executive Director Susie Bibler said . “ If they used to hang out on the second floor of what is now Oak & Brazen ( which used to be a bar ) , they can flash back in history a little bit . ”
Main Street Delaware is still looking for volunteers who are interested in providing that information at the different locations . All volunteers will be briefed on key facts and information for the building beforehand . Anyone who would like to volunteer can call Bibler at 740-362-6050 or email her at director @ mainstreetdelaware.com .
The Delaware County Historical Society will join in on the festivities with a free , self-guided tour of the “ ghost signs ” —hand-painted advertising signs — that are still visible on downtown buildings .
Per usual , shops and restaurants will have extended hours , and there will be free activities available for children .
“ June 's First Friday is special because it focuses on the beauty and character of the historic downtown , ” states Bibler in the press release . “ I hope everyone joins us June 1 for this memorable evening . ”
She added , “ Because Delaware County is growing so much , and people are moving here from outside Delaware , this gives people more of an appreciation of a historic downtown district . For people to really appreciate the community where they live , it 's an eye-opening experience . ”
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Fidelity-BW.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Fidelity.jpg Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
Will give look inside downtown buildings
By Dillon Davis cdavis @ aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Dillon Davis at 740-413-0904 . Follow him on Twitter @ ddavis_gazette .
Reach Dillon Davis at 740-413-0904 . Follow him on Twitter @ ddavis_gazette .
Utah was 5 for 8 on 3-pointers in the first quarter , including two from Rubio over second-year player Dejounte Murray .
`` He 's just being more aggressive , '' Jazz centre Rudy Gobert said . `` He 's attacking the rim and finding his teammates . We just got to be in the right spot . He 's a very good passer . He 's doing a great job with that . ''
Jazz forward Royce O'Neale added 18 points , making all four of his 3-pointers in scoring a career high .
San Antonio struggled offensively in the first quarter as it did throughout the homestand .
`` I ca n't figure it out , '' Aldridge said . `` We 've just got to come out with the intensity that we have in the second half in the first half . We 've just got to find ways to get ourselves going early . ''
TIP-INS
Jazz : Alec Burks made his first start of the season . He finished with eight points and eight rebounds in 25 minutes . . Rodney Hood played 16 minutes after being listed as probable with a bruised lower leg . ... G Joe Johnson sat the game out to rest . ... The Jazz beat the Spurs 100-89 in Salt Lake City on Dec. 21 .
Spurs : Murray became the first player since Kawhi Leonard with 500 points and 300 rebounds in his first 100 games with the Spurs . ... Brandon Paul did not play after being downgraded from questionable with back spasms . ... The Spurs ' next home game is Feb. 28 against New Orleans .
ON THE ROAD AGAIN
The Spurs hit the road again for their annual sojourn in February , but they enter it under unusual circumstances .
San Antonio has struggled for much of the season , battling injuries to key players like Leonard , Tony Parker and Rudy Gay and trying to adapt to rotation changes .
`` It feels like we have played 10 games not 60 or whatever we played , '' Ginobili said . `` We 've got a feeling that we 're still building , trying to find our identity , trying to get players back , rotations and who 's in and who 's out . It 's a very unusual situation . I do n't remember being in anything like this in ( his ) 16 seasons , and the crazy thing is we 're still third ( in the West ) . ''
JUST BETTER
The Jazz have the longest active winning streak in the NBA , which Gobert attributes to one thing .
`` I think we 're just better defensively , '' Gobert said . `` It makes the offence better . We move the ball , we share the ball . Ricky 's making shots . Just having fun .
UP NEXT
Jazz : At New Orleans on Monday night .
Spurs : At Phoenix on Wednesday night .
By Raul Dominguez , The Associated Press
PHILADELPHIA A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill 's request for a new trial and the removal of another judge from the rapper 's case .
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that he does n't have jurisdiction over the matter .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill 's release from prison last month where he was serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction .
Mill 's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from his case . They allege she 's been waging a vendetta against the rapper , including sending him to prison for the probation violations .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. – For child care workers , spring break is a busy week with a huge increase of school-aged children to take care of .
While some workers may even have the week off , child care workers are needed more than ever .
Anchor Reba Hollingsworth , with some help from Union Bank and Trust , surprised the child care team at the Manchester YMCA for their dedication .
The six child care workers were called for a special meeting , little did they know , Reba had a special surprise for each of them .
“ I 'm Reba Hollingworth with CBS 6 News and I understand you guys are the backbone of keeping this Y ( YMCA ) going with what you do for the children here , ” Reba told the group .
“ We wanted to do a little something nice for you . With spring break coming up , most public schools have the time off , but you guys are still working . So we wanted to show our appreciation for you . ”
Reba gave each child care worker a gift card for their hard work and dedication to young people .
“ You get one , you get one . I feel like Oprah , ” said Reba with a laugh .
Not only was the surprised appreciated by the workers , it was also a relief for some .
“ I thought somebody was losing their job , ” said one worker with a laugh .
( Adds background , details )
SHANGHAI , April 10 China 's banking regulator said on Monday it has issued guidelines on risk control for lenders , as authorities ramp up efforts to contain risks from a rapid build-up in debt .
The move is the latest in a slew of measures taken by China 's regulators to reduce leverage and risk in the country 's banks .
Earlier steps have included reining in wealth management products and probes into assets which are kept off banks ' balance sheets .
China 's banks extended a record 12.65 trillion yuan ( $ 1.84 trillion ) of loans in 2016 , despite worries about the dangers of prolonged debt-fueled stimulus .
The China Banking Regulatory Commission ( CBRC ) published the guidelines on its official website , after a Friday news conference which covered the authority 's plans to prevent systematic financial risks .
The guidelines advise lenders to adopt measures such as focusing on loans which have been overdue for 90 days or more , in order to strengthen risk control and maintain asset quality . But they did not go into detail on what specific action should be taken .
Liquidity risk management should be improved by reducing dependence on interbank deposits and enhanced emergency management , the guidelines said .
Bankers were also advised to manage bond market volatility by strictly controlling investment leverage and to strengthen real estate risk control by adopting regular stress tests , among other things .
Fears of a property market crash are growing in China as more cities battle to cool heated housing prices by imposing tougher lending requirements . Mortgages make up nearly a third of big banks ' total loans and properties are often used as collateral for other credit .
The new guidelines aim to `` make event more important risk control , to dissipate the risks that the banking industry may face , '' according to a question and answer paper that was published on the CBRC website .
`` The risks associated with the cross-selling of financial products are down to a lack of co-ordination , lack of integrated oversight and the existence of divided regulatory structures , '' Yang Jiacai , assistant chairman of the CBRC , said at the Friday news conference .
Chinese banks ' 2016 earnings reports last month generally showed deteriorating credit quality and high corporate debt leverage continued to be a primary challenge for the industry , as the world 's second-largest economy grew at its slowest pace in a quarter of a century .
Bad loans written off and transferred out by the top five banks along rose by 16 percent last year to 309.6 billion yuan ( $ 44.95 billion ) .
( Reporting by Beijing monitoring desk and Engen Tham in Shanghai ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
2 guilty in fatal drive-by that killed toddler
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — Two Florida teens have been convicted in a drive-by shooting that left a toddler dead .
The Florida Times-Union reports that the 19-year-old men were both found guilty Tuesday of first-degree murder by separate juries .
Authorities say 22-month-old Aiden McClendon was fatally shot in Jacksonville in January 2016 . Investigators say Aiden 's teenage cousin was targeted by rival gang members .
___
Information from : The ( Jacksonville ) Florida Times-Union , http : //www.jacksonville.com
Apr 23 , 2017 ; Birmingham , AL , USA ; Fernando Alonso arrives for a press conference prior to the Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama at Barber Motorsports Park . Mandatory Credit : Shanna Lockwood-USA TODAY Sports
INDIANAPOLIS Fernando Alonso was quickly up to speed at the famed Brickyard on Wednesday , blazing through his IndyCar rookie orientation to close in on earning a spot on the Indianapolis 500 starting grid .
Alonso , who has competed in 276 Formula One races and is a double world champion , is an IndyCar debutant and arrived at in Indianapolis needing to pass a rookie test which he did with flying colours by recording a top speed of 222.548 mph ( 358.156 kph ) .
It was an impressive debut by the 35-year-old Spaniard considering that Canada 's James Hinchcliffe claimed pole position for last year 's race with a four-lap average speed of 230.760 mph .
`` It felt new to me , it felt a little bit strange driving anti-clockwise at those speeds , '' Alonso told reporters .
`` What I felt in the car was more-or-less what I expected . What is different now is my excitement of the race itself . ''
Alonso set the motor racing world buzzing when he announced last month that he had been granted clearance by his McLaren F1 team to skip the Monaco Grand Prix and race in the Indy 500 on May 28 in pursuit of the sport 's famed Triple Crown - a Formula One title and Indy 500 and Le Mans wins .
McLaren will enter the 101st edition of the Indy with a Honda-engined Indy car run by Andretti Autosport , owned by former McLaren driver Michael Andretti , in the old papaya orange livery of the 1970s .
Alonso looked right at home at the Brickyard as he slipped into the number 29 car and was quickly turning laps of more than 200 mph around the 2.5 mile oval .
The rookie orientation programme was the first on-track step for Alonso towards securing a place in the 33 car field . All first-year competitors in the Indianapolis 500 must complete a gradual introduction to the speeds and unique nature of the sprawling track .
During the private test Alonso ran 110 laps but it will be a much different situation on May 28 when he will have to contend with a 33-car field .
`` Today was just running alone learning the circuit and all the things that are involved with this technique , '' said Alonso , who had a run-in with two birds near the end of his session . `` I am not driving the car , the car is driving myself around at the moment . ''
The Spaniard , who is having a difficult F1 season with uncompetitive McLaren , has set his sights on joining Briton Graham Hill as the only drivers to achieve the Triple Crown .
McLaren , the second most successful team in Formula One history in terms of wins , have not won a race since 2012 and are experiencing new lows every weekend with the engine lacking power and reliability .
The change of scenery and a competitive car put a broad smile on Alonso 's face as he seemed to enjoy every moment of his first IndyCar experience .
`` To be able to feel the respect of the place , the respect of car , the respect of the speed is something or any racing driver is just pure adrenaline , '' beamed Alonso . `` It was a good day . ''
( Editing by Ed Osmond )
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis .
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM , June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Monolith Materials :
* MONOLITH MATERIALS , INC FILES TO SAY IT HAS RAISED $ 85 MILLION IN EQUITY FINANCING FROM A TOTAL OFFERING AMOUNT OF $ 125 MILLION - SEC FILING​ Source text : [ bit.ly/2DVDIIG ]
DUNCAN If the smell of burning rubber entices you , or you like hot rods , motorcycles or classic autos , meander on down to Main Street this Friday and Saturday .
The 10th Annual Cruisin ' the Chisholm Trail Car Show & Cruise is being brought to downtown Duncan courtesy of Main Street Duncan Inc .
Registration for the cruise will take placea at the corner of 12th Street and Main from 5-10 p.m. Friday . Online registrations are available now at mainstreetduncan.net . Cost for the Friday night car cruise is $ 10 per vehicle . Online registrations close at noon Friday .
Tailgate parties are encouraged for family fun as families and friends watch cars , trucks and motorcycles of all makes , models and years cruise downtown until 10 p.m .
Burn Out registration and competition is set for 7 p.m. Friday at the corner of 8th Street and Walnut Avenue . Those who want to participate need to check in 15 minutes early for instructions and inspection . First- and second-place trophies will be awarded . The crowd will decide the winners .
Cult of Chucky Universal 1440 Entertainment
“ Do n't you think it 's time to bury the past once and for all ? ” Dr. Foley ( Michael Therriault ) asks as his patients insist Chucky ( Brad Dourif ) is more than a children 's toy — he 's a manipulative supernatural serial killer . After watching “ Cult of Chucky , ” the answer to that question is a resounding “ yes ” in regard to the “ Child 's Play ” franchise . The latest film is a direct sequel to “ Curse of Chucky ” and is the seventh installment in the series . The bulk of the film is uneventful , and as a whole , it is a superfluous sequel .
Most of the movie takes place in a mental institution where Nica Pierce ( Fiona Dourif ) is committed . Pierce was placed in the facility after Chucky murdered her family in “ Curse of Chucky. ” While Nica struggles to deal with the loss of her family , Chucky , a possessed doll , finds his way into the hospital . Chucky aims to use his new ability to possess multiple bodies at once to build a cult of killer dolls . In addition to this goal , Chucky is determined to convert Nica into a killer .
The film 's most fatal failing is its lack of a strong protagonist . Most of the story leads the viewer to believe that Nica is the hero of the story . At the beginning of this chapter , Nica is convinced that she created the persona of Chucky and subsequently killed her family . Viewers that have seen this film 's predecessor know that Chucky , not Nica , killed the Pierce family . The majority of the plot centers around Nica 's struggle to prove that Chucky is real when no one else believes her .
While she is a protagonist , she is not a hero because she passively watches most of the plot unfold . Nica 's most valiant moment comes when she asks Dr. Foley to burn the Chucky doll 's fingers in an effort to prove that he is alive . The fact that Nica must act through others rather than directly influencing the action of the movie weakens her credibility as a protagonist . Beyond her struggles to prove that Chucky is real , she remains static throughout the movie . As a result , the viewer has no reason to care about her .
Some horror movies can be successful without a hero , but this film is unable to accomplish that . The slasher genre focuses more on creative violence than compelling characters , but “ Cult of Chucky ” is as bland as a film could be . The latest addition to Chucky 's story is not frightening . It is not even off putting because its viewers have seen the basics ( an evil doll , a mental hospital , over-the-top gore ) before .
The majority of the film drags on monotonously . There are no jump scares , and nothing in the film makes the viewer particularly uncomfortable . Even when Chucky kills people , the movie falls flat . For decades , horror movies have used bizarre objects as murder weapons , and this movie fails to build on that . In this film , Chucky uses uses a scalpel , a power drill and a broken glass bottle to kill people . Fans of the franchise , and horror in general , have seen it all before .
“ Cult of Chucky ” is a disappointing addition to the “ Child 's Play ” franchise . It does not bring anything new to the Chucky mythos . The film does not have a convincing protagonist , which makes it difficult to invest in the action on screen . For a horror film , this movie is not scary in any way .
“ Hi , I 'm Chucky . Wan na play ? ” the supposedly lifeless Chucky doll asks . After watching the latest addition to the franchise , the answer to that question is a resounding no . Playtime is over , and it is time to put this toy away .
× 69 questions every candidate should have to answer in 2018
Is your representative running for re-election ? This list , complied by CNN Newswire , offers a version of questions to ask your leaders . Virginia 's primary is June 12 .
In Central Virginia , Congressman Tim Kaine is up for re-election in the Senate . He faces opponents Corey Stewart , E.W . Jackson and Nick Freitas .
The 7th District race has brought out three challengers to Dave Brat 's re-election campaign . Brat faces Abigail Spanberger , Dan Ward and Helen Alli .
In the 4th District race , incumbent Donald McEachin faces Shion Fenty , and Ryan McAdams . You can see CBS 6 “ Meet the Candidates ” interviews on WTVR.com .
69 Questions to Ask Candidates Running in 2018
1 . If elected , will you support your party 's leader ? ( Be it President Donald Trump for Republicans or House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi for Democrats )
2 . Do you think the Second Amendment should be repealed ?
3 . If not , do you think there should be any new gun restrictions to deal with what feels like an epidemic of mass shootings ?
4 . What would you do if Trump fired special counsel Robert Mueller ?
5 . Would you support a preemptive strike on North Korea as part of an attempt to deter its nuclear capabilities ?
6 . Forget Mueller . Should President Trump be impeached for other alleged transgressions ?
7 . Iran nuclear deal — in or out ?
8 . Has NAFTA done more to help or hurt the US economy ?
9 . Do you believe the women who say they 've had affairs with Trump ?
10 . Payments and threat allegations aside , if only for a moment , does it matter if Trump cheated on his wife ?
11 . Should the country move closer to single-payer/government-managed health care — or further away ?
12 . Should the US continue its role in the Yemen conflict without congressional approval ?
13. Who benefits most from the new tax cuts : the middle class or the rich/corporate interests ?
14 . Should the US torture suspected terrorists for information ?
15 . Should people who were involved in the torture of terrorism suspects , like what happened during the George W. Bush administration , be allowed into high-level government positions ?
16 . What 's the best indication of economic health ( the stock market , unemployment rate , income , etc . ) ?
17 . Should transgender troops be allowed to serve in the military ?
18 . Should the US seek to rejoin the Paris Agreement ?
19 . Do you think Colin Kaepernick was blacklisted by the NFL ?
20 . Should NFL players be banned by the league from kneeling in protest during the National Anthem ?
21 . Should college athletes be paid ?
22 . Should CEO pay be capped ? ( Relative to revenue or profits or some other metric )
23 . Should there be a citizenship question on the census ?
24 . Is it fair to trade a border wall with Mexico for protected status for DACA recipients ?
25 . More specifically , what do you want , or what are you willing to give up , in exchange for protected status or a path to citizenship for “ dreamers ” ?
26 . Should ICE be pulled from states with sanctuary cities ?
27 . Should the US government encourage companies like Tesla with tax breaks ?
28 . Should the US government pay for a border wall with Mexico ?
29 . Should the President testify in a lawsuit in civil court brought by the porn star Stormy Daniels ?
30 . Should the President testify before special counsel Robert Mueller ?
31 . Should Congress compel Trump to release his taxes ?
32 . Did Russian election meddling affect the outcome of the 2016 election ?
33 . Do you think evidence suggests the Trump campaign colluded with Russians ?
34 . What will you do to counteract future incidents of Russian election meddling ?
35 . Should convict felons ( assuming the crime was nonviolent ) be able to serve in Congress ?
36 . Should felons who served their sentence be able to vote ?
37 . Should voters in federal elections be required to show ID at the polls ?
38 . Should we reform the electoral college or keep it as-is ?
39 . Should Puerto Rico have voting members in Congress ?
40 . On which issue will you work with members of the other party right now ?
41 . Do you support rolling back banking reforms enacted after the Great Recession ?
42 . Name five Republicans/Democrats ( people of the opposing party ) with whom you are friendly — or actual friends .
43 . How would you address the # MeToo movement as a member of Congress ?
44 . Should Al Franken have resigned ?
45 . Should the US be pursuing regional trade deals or unilateral ones ?
46 . What 's your priority : creating incentives for green technology innovation or working to revive the coal industry ?
47 . What would you do to improve diversity on Capitol Hill ?
48 . Do you believe there is a legislative means of improving workplace diversity ?
49 . Is it better for the US to have an economy focused on the creation of goods OR services ?
50 . Should legal immigration policy favor keeping families together or clearing the way for most educated individuals ?
51 . Should the US allow the same amount of/fewer/more refugees into the country ?
52 . Is capitalism a force for good ?
53 . Was it a good idea to invade Iraq in 2003 ?
54 . What should the US do about Syria ?
55 . Are you more frightened of the word “ globalist ” or “ nationalist ” ?
56 . Should Trump tweet more/less/same ?
57 . Should public sector unions be allowed to require workers ( covered by their contracts ) pay dues ?
58 . Is it worth moving the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem if it jeopardizes ( what 's left of ) the Mideast peace process ?
59 . Should the White House go ahead with its plan to allow new offshore drilling ?
60 . If yes , should Florida keep its exemption while other states are unsure ?
61 . What would Trump have to do that would cause you to support his impeachment ?
62. Who would you rather see as president , Donald Trump or Mike Pence ?
63 . Is climate change real and man-made ? If yes , is there anything the country can or should do to try and stop it ?
64 . Would you vote for spending bills that add to the deficit ?
65 . Do you think tax reform will create enough economic activity to offset its costs ?
66 . Would you cut social services for older Americans if it meant lower taxes ? Or , would you pay higher taxes for more services ?
67 . Would you vote to overturn a presidential veto to keep the government running ?
68 . Would you vote to shut down the government to force a solution on the future of DACA recipients ?
69 . Wait . Why the heck do you want to be in Congress ?
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $ 39 million for FY17 , down $ 4.2 million on prior guidance​
April 13 Rapier Gold Inc :
* Rapier Gold provides corporate update and announces financing
* Non-Brokered private placement of 10 million units at a price of $ 0.10 per unit for aggregate proceeds of $ 1 million
* Proceeds from offering will be used for advancement of Pen Gold project
* Appointment of Alec Peck as company 's Chief Financial Officer Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
April 28 ( Reuters ) -
* Moody 's changes the outlook on Vietnam 's ratings to positive from stable , ratings affirmed
* Moody 's on Vietnam - positive outlook based on expectations that strong foreign direct investment inflows will continue to diversify the economy
* Moody 's on Vietnam - outlook based on expectations macroeconomic and external stability will be maintained
* Moody 's - outlook on Vietnam based on expectation that strong growth , stable macroeconomic environment to help stabilize government debt around current levels
* Moody 's on Vietnam - `` in 2017 on average , we expect inflation to remain below the official target of 5 % as administrative price pressures ease '' Source text : bit.ly/2oCPML2
Have your say
Jobs could be lost at Wilko stores after the retailer announced up to 3,900 redundancies .
The company , which has shops in Wakefield , Pontefract , Castleford and Leeds , said job losses would affect stock supervisors , till supervisors and assistant managers .
Wilko has started redundancy consultations with staff after reporting an 80 per cent fall in profits .
But the firm , which employs 20,000 at more than 400 stores around the country , said around 1,000 senior supervisor roles would be created in to restructure .
Retail director Anthony Houghton said : “ As a family run business , we care greatly about team members and know that change is never easy .
“ We are working with our recognised trade union the GMB , listening to team members and offering support at all levels .
“ We are entering into a long period of consultation and wherever possible are aiming to redeploy team members into new roles and offering help and support to those seeking new opportunities . ”
In its last accounts Wilko said Brexit , along with exchange rates and the introduction of the national living wage , had hit business over the past year .
The company said : “ Chancellor Osborne 's final austerity budget surprised the industry by its unilateral imposition of a statutory minimum living wage at well above expected levels . ”
Despite the fall in profits Wilko still paid out more than £3m in dividends to its owners .
OTTAWA — The federal justice minister has asked for an independent review of an extradition that led to Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail , only to be suddenly released .
A spokesman for Jody Wilson-Raybould says the external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal `` lessons learned '' examination already underway .
Diab and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected .
French authorities suspected Diab , 64 , was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others , an accusation he has always denied .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON , June 15 Acacia Mining 's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage , Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday .
WASHINGTON , April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he may package a $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan with either healthcare or tax reform legislation as an incentive to get support from lawmakers , especially from Democrats .
Trump also said in an interview with the New York Times he may move up the unveiling of a plan to rebuild the country 's deteriorating roads , bridges and tunnels , which had been expected later this year .
`` I 'm thinking about accelerating it . I 'm thinking about putting it with another bill . Could be health care , could be something else . Could be tax reform , '' Trump said . ( Reporting by Eric Beech ; Editing by Paul Tait )
NATIONAL CITY ( KUSI ) — Authorities have identified a 62-year-old man who was struck by a vehicle and killed last week in National City .
Benjamin Ray Carrillo died from multiple blunt force injuries when he was struck about 2:20 a.m. on Aug. 6 while walking in the street in the 800 block of East 30th Street , the Medical Examiner 's office said . Paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene .
Carrillo 's name was publicly withheld for more than a week until his family could be notified . Officials from the Medical Examiner 's office said he `` appeared to be living a transient lifestyle in National City and San Diego . ''
No other injuries were reported , and the crash remains under investigation .
April 20Guangdong Wanlima Industry Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 0.65 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares , to distribute 2.5 new shares for every 10 shares as stock dividend and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 0.5 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Ysz5iW
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v RSC Anderlecht - UEFA Europa League Quarter Final Second Leg - Old Trafford , Manchester , England - 20/4/17 Manchester United 's Marcus Rashford celebrates scoring their second goal Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff ...
MANCHESTER , England Manchester United needed an extra-time winner from Marcus Rashford to defeat Anderlecht 2-1 at Old Trafford on Thursday and move into the last four of the Europa League with a 3-2 aggregate victory .
While the result keeps open a possible path to next season 's Champions League for Jose Mourinho 's side , it came at a high price with defender Marcos Rojo and forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic both suffering possibly serious knee injuries .
United took the lead in the 10th minute through Henrikh Mkhitaryan , but Sofiane Hanni brought the Belgian side back level in the 32nd .
After Ibrahimovic wasted two great chances in the final stages of normal time , the contest went into extra time and Rashford settled the tie with a fine finish early in the second period .
It was not the comfortable passage into the semi-finals that United might have expected with Anderlecht showing no shortage of guts and enterprising football , but it was a deserved victory for the English side .
United , buoyed by their Premier League win over Chelsea on Sunday , started confidently and grabbed the early advantage .
Paul Pogba played a pinpoint 40-metre pass along the ground to Rashford who , at the second attempt , found Mkhitaryan on the edge of the box and the Armenian midfielder drilled home his fifth goal in this season 's Europa League .
There was almost a swagger about United 's approach and they twice came close to instantly doubling their advantage with Pogba seeing a firm header tipped over by Anderlecht keeper Martinez Ruben who moments later excelled again as he pushed a curling Jesse Lingard shot wide .
But the 33-times Belgian champions , were not willing to be swept away and after a defensive mix-up Frank Acheampong outpaced Eric Bailly and fired dangerously into the side-netting .
After Rojo was taken off on a stretcher with a knee injury , being replaced by Dutch international Daley Blind , United appeared to lose focus .
The Belgians struck back when Youri Tielemans hammered a powerful long-range shot against the bar , Lukasz Teodorczyk got the loose ball stuck under his feet but was able to nudge it into the path of Algerian Sofiane Hanni who drove in the equaliser .
Rashford was again the main threat after the break , shooting off target from a promising position . He then robbed Dennis Appiah , burst goalward and rounded Ruben but was forced too wide for an effective shot .
United certainly should have been back in the lead when Marouane Fellaini headed down a cross to Ibrahimovic but the normally clinical forward shot straight at Ruben from point-blank range .
Ibrahimovic then wasted another good opportunity , screwing his shot wide after being found in the box by Michael Carrick and a bad night got much worse for the Swede , who fell badly in the final action of normal time and picked up a knee injury .
United were dominant and Pogba had an effort ruled out when Fellaini was adjudged to have pushed a defender as he rose to head the ball down to the Frenchman .
The winning goal came early in the second period and Fellaini 's head was again the source , as he nodded down to Rashford who did superbly to find space for a left-foot shot into the bottom corner .
( Reporting by Simon Evans , editing by Toby Davis )
March 31 Singapore Exchange Ltd
* Inks mou with Crowdo and PWC 's venture hub to deepen support for start-ups and early stage smes
* Signing of two memoranda of understanding separately with Crowdonomic Media Pte Ltd and PWC 's venture hub Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FRANKFURT , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Deutsche Bank 's 2017 bonus pool includes an investment to secure the bank 's business and its position , its chief executive said on Friday , adding that 2018 bonuses would be linked to the bank 's performance .
“ Does that mean we will not be paying our staff as much next year ? I do n't expect so . I see 2018 as being a successful year for the bank , ” John Cryan said .
Cryan cited further steps in cost-cutting and an expected resumption in market volatility as reasons for optimism .
In 2018 , “ we aim for a profit , not only before , but of course also after income taxes , ” Cryan said . ( Reporting by Tom Sims ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PHOENIX — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points , Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night .
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in her first start for Washington ( 5-1 ) , which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness . Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field , and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range .
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead . The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter .
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix ( 2-3 ) , which has lost three straight . Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points .
WARSAW , April 5 Polish retail chain Dino Polska has priced its initial public offering ( IPO ) at 34.5 zlotys per share for institutions and 33.5 zlotys for individual investors , the company said on Wednesday .
This values the share offer in which private equity fund Enterprise Investors sells its 49 percent stake at 1.65 billion zlotys ( $ 414.66 million ) , the highest seen on the Warsaw bourse in the past few years .
`` The interest in our public offering was very large , which translated into setting the final price for shares for institutional investors at a level higher than the maximum price , '' Dino 's CEO was quoted as saying in a statement .
The bookbuilding ended on Tuesday and sources told Reuters that Dino closed the books with the price for funds at 34.5 zlotys .
The offer will include 48.04 million shares , or 49 percent of the firm 's share capital owned by Enterprise Investors . Of this , 5 percent will be offered to individual investors .
The company 's founder , Tomasz Biernacki , will remain the majority shareholder with a 51 percent stake .
Dino plans to debut on the Warsaw bourse this month .
The company 's owns 628 stores located in small- and medium-sized towns in western Poland .
( $ 1 = 3.9792 zlotys ) ( Reporting by Agnieszka Barteczko ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
