Gigi Hadid has had enough of the social media speculation surrounding her on-and-off-again relationship with Zayn Malik .
“ I really have no hard feelings towards you , I just know what a beautiful world there is to go out and live in instead of trying to dissect a relationship between two people that you do n't even know , ” she wrote in the comments of fan account , @ exposingfakeeasszigiii .
The account , which is now private , shared a “ confession ” saying anything that the couple does is for promotion and that Malik will never follow Hadid on Instagram ( via E ! News ) .
But that did n't seem to faze the 23-year-old model considering that their romance is sealed in ink .
“ For someone who is virtually inactive on the app , I do n't need his follow , ” she wrote about Zayn 's social media activity . “ My eyes are tattooed on his chest . ”
News of the former One Directioner 's tat for Hadid surfaced when she posted a cute Instagram video of him on his 25th birthday in January .
The couple has been dating since 2015 and briefly split in March before getting back together just two months later .
“ You guys can call it promo but I just post about my boyfriend like anyone else , whether I support z or he supports me is out of love and excitement for one another . There 's nothing to figure out all the time… . give it a break , ” she said , adding that she will no longer comment on their relationship .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
The Azerbaijan Grand Prix has a lot to live up to this weekend and Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has plenty to think about as well .
BAKU : The Azerbaijan Grand Prix has a lot to live up to this weekend and Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has plenty to think about as well .
Baku dished up a crazy thriller of a race last season , with Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo winning after Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel famously succumbed to 'road rage ' and clashed with Mercedes ' Hamilton .
The Force India pair collided , Canadian Lance Stroll made it to the podium for Williams but was pipped at the line for second by Mercedes ' Valtteri Bottas , who also had a coming together with Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen .
The most exciting race of last year , with the safety car driver kept busy , had been the most boring on its debut a season earlier .
Fans , Formula One 's owners , struggling Williams and the ever-smiling Ricciardo in particular will be hoping that the 2017 sort of lightning strikes twice , even if Ferrari and Mercedes would rather it did n't .
Hamilton , on pole position last year when the race was held in the much hotter month of June , is still chasing his first win of a campaign that is well on the way to becoming a classic .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nine points adrift of championship leader Vettel , he complained in China two weekends ago of being in 'no man 's land ' .
The ultra-long Baku straight could favour Ferrari , with Vettel aiming to make up for the disappointment of finishing eighth in Shanghai after winning the first two races in Australia and Bahrain .
Mercedes , without a win in three races for the first time since the V6 turbo hybrid era started in 2014 , will need to get their tyres working properly and can take nothing for granted .
`` We know that we have a massive challenge on our hands , '' said team boss Toto Wolff .
`` Last year , we were in a tough fight with Ferrari . However , it was nothing compared to the intensity of this year 's battle .
`` Last year 's race threw up a podium that nobody could have predicted and , as is the way with street courses , we can once again expect the unexpected . ''
Ricciardo , winner in China after a safety car period fell into Red Bull 's lap , is on a high and Baku rewards the brave overtaking moves he is known for .
`` Baku is different to other street circuits , because there are places where you can pass . Actually , lots of places where you can pass , '' said the Australian .
`` With a street circuit you have to love it - but you also have to respect it and understand it . I understand that , to be fast , you have to be on the limit - but put yourself there and it can bite you . ''
Force India were heading for the podium last year when Sergio Perez and Esteban Ocon collided , and the two now have a very clear understanding of what is expected .
Williams , whose podium was the only one by a team outside the top three , meanwhile return to Baku as the only ones yet to score a point in 2018 .
`` For Lance it would be bold to expect another podium but he should perform well given his significant achievements in Baku last year , '' said technical head Paddy Lowe .
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Toby Davis )
Now that we have your attention , let 's get right to what you need to know :
Olive Garden announced their newest menu addition — `` Loaded Pasta Chips '' — last week . Said addition is described as `` Homemade pasta chips , lightly fried and layered with Italian cheeses and a hearty meat sauce . Topped with cherry peppers and an alfredo drizzle '' on their website . `` Pasta chips '' are fried lasagna sheets , BTW . It is now available at every Olive Garden nationwide at least through this summer , but probably longer if we all agree to go hard here . It costs $ 7.49 It is , uh , caloric . No one cares about that last thing . You are still here , on this website , instead of loitering in your local Olive Garden parking lot , waiting for the doors to open at 11 a.m .
Follow Delish on Instagram .
Download the Delish app .
From : Cosmopolitan
Pallekele : India thumps Sri Lanka to register a comprehensive win by an innings and 171 runs in the third and final Test at Pallekele International Stadium , Pallekele . Virat Kohli once again won the toss and batted , only the first day finished where both teams ended up being on par . But once the Indian lower order wagged yet again , Sri Lankan shoulders drooped along with their confidence and energy levels .
Hardik Pandya 's onslaught ripped the spirits out of them . From there , mentally , the hosts were shut out of the match . Only skipper Dinesh Chandimal showed some character as he fought hard in both the innings for the hosts but got not much substantial support at the other end . Rest it was all about the Indian bowlers going about their work professionally .
Mohammed Shami led the attack well with the new ball . Ravichandran Ashwin and Kuldeep Yadav showed their class . They were always in control with the Sri Lankan batsmen not providing a fight . The Indian captain must be very pleased with the way his side has played in the series .
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – The dance is far from over the UB Women 's Basketball team .
After dismantling and upsetting # 6 South Florida in the First Round of the NCAA Tournament , the Bulls continued to run through Tallahassee and straight into the Sweet 16 with an 86-65 victory over # 3 Florida State Monday night in the Second Round .
It 's the Bulls ' first trip to the Sweet 16 in program history as they become just the second Mid-American Conference Team to advance to the Third Round . Bowling Green became the first in 2007 .
Buffalo will face the defending national champions from South Carolina in Albany , New York , on Saturday , March 24 .
The victory also marks the first time since 2010 the Seminoles have lost to a Mid-Major team , snapping a 59-game winning streak against teams outside of the Power 5 Conferences .
Similar to their opening round win , defense was once again the hallmark for UB . Facing a Florida State team that ranked 12th nationally averaging 81 points per game , the Bulls locked down on defense , held FSU to just 33 percent shooting and forced 17 turnovers . UB turned it over 16 times .
Their ability to close out and force bad shots also paid dividends as FSU connected on just three of their 25 3-pointer attempts .
As a team , UB shot nearly 50 percent from the field and were led in part by Cierra Dillard , who continued to be an offensive force , finishing with a team high 20 points .
Senior and Grand Island native Cassie Oursler turned in a star effort in the paint , going 5-for-7 to finish with 12 points . He also snagged seven rebounds before fouling out in the fourth quarter with the game out of reach .
In total , five Bulls reached double figures including Stephanie Reid ( 18 ) , Summer Hemphill ( 17 ) and Katherine Ups , which added 11 .
University at Buffalo President Satish K. Tripathi congratulated the team in a statement Monday night , saying ,
“ Congratulations to the UB women 's basketball team and Coach Jack on your win over Florida State and advancing to the NCAA Sweet 16 ! What an incredible run from an amazing team . We will see you in Albany ! All of UB is proud of you . ”
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi 's trucker jacket , the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign . He shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram .
Related : Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘ Wonder Wheel ' Trailer
Timberlake posted , “ For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket , @ Levis asked me to redesign one . I did and ever since , it 's been my favorite drinking buddy . 🍻👌🏻 # Denim # Flannel # LiveInLevis . ”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says , “ Why do n't you mind your own business . ”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer , having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005 .
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below :
Bite into a slider at Green Dot Stables , nibble the beef carpaccio at Wright & Co. , nosh on the curry lamb at Standby , and you 're tasting meat sourced by John Muster . The longtime Detroit meat man has procured the Motor City 's proteins for over two decades for Quality Meats , thus witnessing from the inside the shifts in and blooming of downtown 's dining scene . We sat down for a conversation over a plate of short ribs at Ottava Via .
Metro Times : How many restaurants are on your account ?
John Muster : About 20 . I used to have over 100 . It 's funny because in sales they always talk about the 80-20 rule : 20 percent of your customers are 80 percent of your business . Well , I used to have 100 , now I have 20 . I cut loose the extra and my 20 customers — I 'm very close and tight with them .
I work with Les ( Molnar ) and them so Green Dot , Huron Room , and Johnny Noodle King . Ottava Via , Mercury , Gold Cash Gold , Peterboro , Wright and Company , Sugar House , Standby , Cliff Bells , Bronx Bar , Avalon Bakery , and I 'll be selling to chef Kate ( Williams ) at Lady of the House when she opens . Jon Kung ( of Eastern Market 's Kung Food ) — I drop stuff by his studio .
MT : Is there meat that you wo n't touch ?
Muster : I 'll try everything , but I 'm not fan of brains . The texture is what it is . The other would be kidneys . Outside of that , I 'm pretty much wide open . Lamb fries ; tongue . You name it . I 've had it , and I 've enjoyed most of it .
MT : What does the modern meat man look like ?
Muster : If they had to rely on me , someone my age ( 59 ) , then they 'd be out of business . Chefs want to talk to someone who can relate to their experiences , and while I have a lot to offer and I 've been successful , we 're breaking the mold by hiring younger people like Brennan Calnin , ( former chef at Imperial and Townhouse ) . He decided he did n't want to work in restaurants anymore , but he still has a passion for food , he 's a good chef , so I talked him into coming to work for us and he 's doing a phenomenal job . And we did the same thing with my daughter , Nicole , who just started with us a month ago .
They 're starting at 29 , 30 , so they 're in that sweet spot . They 're socially connected , passionate about food , and there 's that combination of ego and empathy . They want to succeed ; and the empathy — they can grasp what the chef needs , and they 're able to fill the need .
MT : The local food scene is much different than it was 10-15 years ago . How is that playing out in the local meat industry and how does that change what you do as a meat man ?
Muster : Before , you tried to sell someone the commodity item , then follow up with a specialty item . That 's the way it was done . Now , it 's the opposite : You lead with niche item , and the other stuff kind of follows .
For example , we have a chef we 've been trying to sell for a while ... but we could n't break the ice . We found out he was trying to dry age ducks , and nobody was doing that , and I had never had dry aged ducks . But then he asked if we could do it I said , `` Yeah , of course we can ! No problem ! '' Not knowing if we could or could n't . It turned out we could , we did , and because of that we 've developed a relationship , and we 're selling him dry aged ducks , among other things .
MT : So there 's a lot more demand for specialty items ?
Muster : Back in the day , especially in Detroit , it was not uncommon for chefs to come up through the ranks . Maybe they were a bus guy , prep cook , now they 're the chef . Today , more chefs are culinary trained so they 're smarter , more demanding , and it 's not just a way to collect a check .
They 'll ask you about free-trade chocolate , which is a great story in itself , or the dry age ducks , or can you butcher or pack something a particular way . A chef might ask me about a product he had while on the other side of the country and you need to find a way to source it .
MT : Are there specific meats that are far more popular now than they were a few years ago ?
Muster : Commodities like strip loins , rib-eyes , those do n't go away . Dry age has been big and we 're doing that now ... and we 've been really successful . What we do that others do n't is we do n't have a stock supply that we pull from . We custom age for the chef . If you tell me that you want regular choice to prime to a A5 Wagyu , then we pull them and specifically age them to spec .
MT : What 's a typical day like for a meat salesman ? You seem to be one of those guys that everyone likes chatting with .
Muster : I 'm up at 4:30 , 5 a.m. , and I 'm a big social media guy so I 'm on Instagram , Facebook seeing what chefs are posting . I follow people on Instagram that are a little ahead of the curve on what we 're seeing here , so they give a little exposure and I get my ideas from some of that .
I meet people , and I talk about food . I eat and I hang out , to oversimplify it . If I was here with you at the bar and this is the place that I 'm trying to sell , then I overhear the chef talking or a comment from the table , then I can use that information to offer them more . You ca n't do that if you walk in , get on your laptop , do an order entry , and once your task is done , get up and leave . Lingering is worth its wait .
It 's fascinating , and on a selfish level , I learn . It 's not only going out one way . Even if there 's a chef that 's demanding — I get home at the end of the day I 'm pumped about that experience . When I see the chefs that I work with , I 'm always excited to tell them what I know and hear what they have to tell me .
MT : What 's the best dish in Detroit at this very moment ?
Muster : Bowls at Johnny Noodle King . I 'm a big slider fan . Any special at Ottava Via is my favorite that day ; the sticky ribs at Katoi .... it 's hard to say — there 's a lot of good stuff .
MT : What 's your favorite part of Detroit 's food scene ?
Muster : It used to be that if a restaurant closed , it was the death of the Detroit food scene . What I 'm most happy about ... does I think we 're almost getting to a place where certain attrition will happen but no one is going to be devastated . The variety is great . It used to be if you bring someone in from out of town and they say , `` Where do you go for good food ? '' Well , there are one to two good restaurants . Now ... the opportunity to satisfy a variety of tastes is spectacular .
And the chefs are fucking great . They 're exciting . They 're intense . They 're pushing the boundaries . And they 're making guys like us work hard .
MT : What do you think of vegetarians ?
Muster : I dated one once . I had to break up with her , and the first thing I did after was have a carpaccio .
Asian shares rallied and the dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea 's leader signaled that he would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam , further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets .
TOKYO : Asian shares rallied and the dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea 's leader signaled that he would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam , further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up 0.2 percent , with South Korea up 0.6 percent and Australia 0.7 percent .
Japan 's Nikkei stock index rose 1.2 percent , with a tailwind from a weaker yen . The yen tends to gain in times of crisis on assumptions that Japanese investors will repatriate assets .
On Wall Street on Monday , U.S. stocks recovered from last week 's selloff , when fears of conflict between the United States and North Korea helped wipe out nearly US $ 1 trillion from global equity markets . The S & P 500 posted its biggest one-day percentage gain since April .
North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un received a report from his army on its plans to fire missiles toward Guam and said he will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision , the North 's official news agency said on Tuesday .
U.S. President Donald Trump did not have any fresh words for Pyongyang , but Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the U.S. military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We have North Korea saying they will wait , and Trump not saying anything at all , compared to his past promise of 'fire and fury , ' '' said Mitsuo Imaizumi , chief FX strategist at Daiwa Securities .
`` That added up to good news for the dollar , bad news for the yen , '' he said .
The dollar was up 0.4 percent at 110.06 yen , pulling further away from last week 's eight-week low , while the euro gained 0.4 percent to 129.69 yen .
The euro was flat on the day against the dollar at US $ 1.1784 , while the dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals , added 0.1 percent to 93.476 .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Against the Swiss franc the dollar edged higher , after jumping more than 1 percent on Monday .
The dollar rose as traders unwound their bearish bets made last week after Friday 's disappointing U.S. inflation data dampened expectations that the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates again this year .
New York Fed President William Dudley said that it was not unreasonable to think the central bank would begin trimming its US $ 4.2 trillion balance sheet in September and hike rates again this year , provided economic data holds up .
Crude oil futures steadied after tumbling more than 2.5 percent on Monday in volatile trade .
U.S. crude futures rose 1 cent to US $ 47.60 a barrel . Brent crude added 2 cents to US $ 50.75 .
Spot gold prices skidded 0.3 percent to US $ 1,277.66 an ounce , extending their fall from Monday when they shed half a percent .
( Reporting by Lisa Twaronite ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Travellers from across the UK and Ireland came together for the funeral of TV personality Paddy Doherty 's father .
Hundreds of mourners joined the Big Fat Gypsy Wedding and Big Brother star to say goodbye to Simon Doherty , remembered as the `` father of all travellers '' .
Roisin Mullins paying tribute to Simon Doherty , the father of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Paddy Doherty , during his funeral at St Michael 's Catholic Church in Ashtead , Surrey .
Friends and family attended a service at St Michael 's Church in Ashtead , Surrey on Monday .
More than a dozen silver Rolls Royces , each bearing the Irish tricolour , lined up outside the church .
Mr Doherty 's coffin was emblazoned with the colours of the Irish flag and the message : `` Simon Doherty - Blacksmith , King of all Doherty 's '' .
`` He was like mafia in his own way , not in a bad way - any trouble they would go to him , '' the 58-year-old former bare knuckle fighter said .
Funeral of Simon Doherty . Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
`` He was like the godfather - what he said was law .
`` He said I want no one crying at my funeral , I want them happy , singing and get them drunk . ''
He sat with his hand resting on his father 's coffin throughout the service and tributes , which included video footage of Mr Doherty in a horse race and a group of Irish dancers .
`` He was n't an average man - he was outstanding , a great man , '' he added .
Funeral of Simon Doherty . Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
`` Everything had to be five stars for him , he lived the best and was the best .
`` My poor mother - her heart is devastated , her heart is broken .
`` I 'm so grateful how many people have turned out - we just want everything to go well , everything has to be tremendous and over the top . ''
Close family members wore red ties , Mr Doherty 's favourite colour , which they threw into his grave at St Mary 's Catholic Cemetery at Kensal Green , north London .
Funeral of Simon Doherty . Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
The coffin was driven to the cemetery in a horse and carriage and carried up a red carpet to the sound of bagpipes .
Floral tributes were laid at the grave in the shape of an Irish shamrock , horseshoes , bottles of whisky , pint of Guinness and a Rolls-Royce .
A bunch of green shamrock balloons and six white doves were released into the air as laments were sung at the graveside .
Mr Doherty , known as Simey , had 15 children and more than 150 grandchildren and great-grandchildren .
The great-grandfather , who was in his 80s , died in hospital in Epsom last week surrounded by his family after battling an ongoing illness .
Funeral of Simon Doherty . Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
Funeral of Simon Doherty . Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
Calgary police are looking for an Edmonton man who has been missing since last month after visiting a friend in Calgary .
Jordan Nicholas Curtis , 33 , was last seen in the 0-100 block of Dermot Baldwin Way S.E . on May 20 .
In a media release sent out on Wednesday , police said Curtis has not contacted friends and family , which they say is “ out of character . ”
Curtis is 5 ' 7″ tall and about 100 pounds . He has black hair and brown eyes . Police said he may have a thin moustache and goatee .
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to call the Calgary Police Service non-emergency line at 403-266-1234 or Crime Stoppers .
Most of the money was spent on advertising and printing of promotional materials .
SINGAPORE : President Halimah Yacob spent a total of S $ 220,875 on her campaign , according to documents made available on Saturday ( Oct 7 ) by the Elections Department .
A bulk of the money , S $ 198,154 , went to the advertising and printing of promotional materials . Her biggest investment in the campaign were 20,110 posters that cost close to S $ 73,000 , which included the cost of incinerating posters and banners .
The 200 PVC banners used in the campaign alone amounted to over $ 20,000 .
Another 1.28 million pieces of Admail A5 cards cost S $ 34,000 , while the making of a profile video that took six days to film came up to S $ 29,000 .
Under the Presidential Elections Act , the principal election agents of candidates who contest in an election must submit a declaration and a return of election expenses to the Returning Officer within 31 days after the day on which the result of the election is published in the Gazette .
These returns are required to ensure accountability and transparency in the candidates ' campaign finance .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Madam Halimah , who was declared the only candidate in the Presidential Election this year , submitted the statement of her campaign expenses to the Elections Department on Oct 3 .
According to the documents , called the returns of election expenses , election agents , polling agents and counting agents did not receive any remuneration . No amount was recorded under Madam Halimah 's personal expenses .
Madam Halimah and her team appeared to have a couple of favourites when it came to food , with a breakfast order from Delifrance on Sep 13 - Nomination Day - and a buffet dinner the day before at Islamic Restaurant which came up to about S $ 2,000 for 45 people .
A room at the National Trades Union Congress on 1 Marina Boulevard cost Madam Halimah almost S $ 9,000 over several days in August and September . The cost included the rental of a Fuji Xerox copier , car park coupons and the installation of printer drivers , telephone sets and a fax line .
She received seven single donations of S $ 10,000 or more totaling S $ 800,000 .
A spokesman for her election campaign said that all unused donations raised will be returned to the donors .
The donors have indicated that they intend to make a contribution to the next cycle of the President 's Challenge , he said .
He added : `` Madam Halimah Yacob is grateful to all Singaporeans for their support and encouragement during the recent Presidential Election . ''
The public can inspect the documents from Saturday at a fee of S $ 2 . The documents will be available for viewing for six months .
AMESBURY , United Kingdom : Two people have been hospitalised in a critical condition for exposure to an `` unknown substance '' in the same British city where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent earlier this year , officials said Wednesday .
British police declared a `` major incident '' after the couple , a man and a woman in their 40s , were discovered unconscious at a house in a quiet , newly-built area in the village of Amesbury .
Advertisement
The poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal had sparked a major diplomatic row with Russia . ( Photo : AFP/Yuri Senatorov )
The village is near the prehistoric monument of Stonehenge and around 12km from Salisbury , where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were found slumped on a bench in March in an incident that sparked a bitter diplomatic crisis with Russia .
The two patients `` are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital , '' police said in a statement .
`` They are both in a critical condition , '' the statement said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The hospital is the same one where the Skripals were treated .
The pair were discovered on Saturday and police said they initially suspected that they had fallen ill after using `` heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs . ''
`` However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident , '' they said .
'SUCH A QUIET PLACE '
Security cordons have been set up around the areas where the two people went before they fell ill and security has been boosted in both Amesbury and Salisbury .
A Public Health England ( PHE ) spokesman said `` it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public . ''
`` This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known , '' he said .
Local resident Natalie Smyth , 27 , told AFP she saw fire engines and ambulances arrive at the house on Saturday .
`` They shut the road . They said it was a chemical incident and then that it was drug-related . It is so strange , it is such a quiet place , '' she said , adding that she had seen emergency services personnel wearing protective suits .
Robert Yuill , a local councillor , said he had seen five ambulances outside the house on Saturday .
But he said the emergency services reaction to the incident was `` far less intense '' than after the Skripal poisoning .
POLICE 'CONTAINING ANY RISK '
A Baptist church in Amesbury , which held a party that the two attended on Saturday , was one of the areas that was cordoned off .
`` We understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public , '' church secretary Roy Collins told reporters .
`` We are all quite puzzled and shocked -- naturally the connection with Salisbury and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest .
`` We are praying for the couple , one of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community .
`` They are not church members or regulars , '' he said .
Collins said around 200 people had attended the event but `` nobody else has suffered any ill effects '' .
The hospital said it remained `` open as usual '' and advised people to attend routine appointments unless contacted to do otherwise .
Wiltshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson said the police had worked hard at `` containing any risk that might be there '' , the BBC reported .
Macpherson said there was `` no reason to think it 's connected '' to the Skripal case .
Skripal , 67 , and his 33-year-old daughter Yulia , who was visiting from Moscow , collapsed on March 4 in Salisbury .
They were treated for an extended period of time before being released from Salisbury hospital .
A police officer who came to their aid , Nick Bailey , was also hospitalised .
Russia has rejected British accusations of involvement in the Skripal poisoning , which sparked a diplomatic crisis that saw Russia and the West expelling dozens of diplomats in tit-for-tat moves .
Britain said a Soviet-made nerve agent dubbed novichok was used on the Skripals .
Last week , we reported the sad news that movie and TV icon Adam West passed away at the age of 88 , after a battle with leukemia . The iconic actor had a career that spanned over five decades , but he is still best known for portraying the original Batman , in the hit 1966 TV series , alongside Burt Ward as Robin . The city of Los Angeles is putting together a special event tomorrow in honor of this late icon , where the iconic Bat-Signal will be lit over Los Angeles .
DC Comics announced that the event will take place Thursday , June 15 at 9 PM PT on the Spring Street steps of Los Angeles City Hall ( 200 N Spring St , Los Angeles , CA 90012 ) . If fans are not able to join in the tribute Thursday night , the West family encourages Adam 's `` old chums '' to make a donation to the Adam West Memorial Fund for St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital and Idaho-based charity for children diagnosed with cancer and their families , Camp Rainbow Gold . Here 's DC 's official statement about tomorrow night 's big event honoring Adam West .
`` Holy Bat-signal , Batman ! In a fitting tribute to pop culture icon Adam West , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Police Department Chief Charlie Beck will join surprise Bat-guests for a ceremonial lighting of the Bat-signal at City Hall this Thursday evening , June 15 . The legendary star of the classic `` Batman '' TV series , which aired from 1966-68 , passed away on Friday , June 9 at the age of 88 . In remembrance of West 's unforgettable portrayal of the celebrated `` Bright Knight , '' Mayor Garcetti and Chief Beck will light the iconic Bat-signal , which will be projected onto the tower of Los Angeles City Hall at Spring Street . Attending Bat-fans are invited to don their Bat-suits and trusty utility belts in honor of West 's signature role as the true crimefighter . ''
Just last year , Adam West revealed in an interview that he actually wanted to play Thomas Wayne , Bruce 's late father , in Ben Affleck 's upcoming reboot The Batman . The actor did return to his roots as the Caped Crusader in last year 's hit animated movie Batman : Return of the Caped Crusaders , where he was joined by Burt Ward and another original Batman TV series star , Julie Newmar , returning as Catwoman . Warner Bros. already announced an animated sequel , slated to arrive sometime this year , with William Shatner voicing Two-Face . 13th Dimension reached out to Warner Bros. , who confirmed that Adam West had already completed his voice work for the sequel before his passing .
Batman and the Caped Crusaders even got a one-night-only theatrical release last year , but with this sequel likely marking one of the last Adam West roles ever , it 's possible that Warner Bros. may give it a full theatrical release , but no release plans have been confirmed . Warner Bros. has n't released any plot information or cast details for the sequel yet , but it 's possible those announcements will be made during Comic-Con next month . Take a look at DC Comics ' tweet announcing tomorrow 's Bat-Signal event honoring Adam West in L.A .
Coach of the Super Eagles , Gernot Rohr , has backed his players to perform well in Saturday 's friendly international against England and advanced reasons why Nigeria will do better against the Three Lions .
The German coach said : “ The game against England will be a totally different game from the one against Congo DR. First , we will be playing at the Wembley Stadium which has one of the best pitches for football . Secondly , we expect to have our captain Mikel Obi , Odion Ighalo and , hopefully , Wilfred Ndidi , back for the game . So we can really play as offensively as we always want to play . It will be a good match , I 'm sure . ”
Rorh also praised Italy-based Simy Nwankwo who made his debut in Monday evening 's 1-1 draw against Congo in Port Harcourt and who now appears a sure bet for the World Cup-bound team .
“ Simy Nwankwo did very well against Congo . I like his game and he gives us a lot of options in attack . He will strenghten this team offensively and that 's good for us . We will see him again at Wembley , ” Rohr added .
The Super Eagles are billed to move to Austria after the game against England where they are scheduled to play the Czech Republic on June 6 as they continue the build-up to their sixth World Cup appearance .
Nigeria will take on Croatia on June 16 , Iceland on June 22 before facing Argentina on June 26 for a place in the Round of 16 stage of the competition .
A 56 -year-old man was shot dead by five unidentified men who were riding on three motorcycles in Barangay Manipis , Talisay City at 8:48 a.m. on Monday .
According to SPO2 Cecilio Miñoza of Talisay City Police Station , Vitaliano Caburnay y Bacus , 56 , married , a laborer of QM Builders and a resident of Camp 4 , Talisay City , was retrieving a stolen pawned silver necklace from one of the suspects .
The victim was then cornered by the suspects and was shot multiple times in various parts of the body .
ADVERTISEMENT
The victim was rushed to Talisay District Hospital but was declared dead at 10:45 a.m. by attending physicians .
South Korean companies ' combined sales jumped 7.9 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier helped by recovering oil prices and improved exports , central bank data showed Thursday .
The on-year sales growth rate for domestic companies -- an indicator of a company 's growth -- turned around from a 2 percent contraction in the first quarter of last year , the Bank of Korea said in a statement .
The quarterly growth rate marked the highest since the first quarter of 2012 , when it stood at 10.4 percent .
( Yonhap )
The BOK said improving oil prices and increased shipments of computer chips and displays buoyed the combined sales of local companies in the January-March period.Prices of Dubai crude -- South Korea 's benchmark -- came to $ 53 per barrel in the first quarter , up from $ 31 from a year earlier.Sales in large conglomerates climbed 8.1 percent in the first quarter from a 2.9 percent contraction in the year-ago period.Small and medium-sized enterprises also posted a 6.7 percent increase in sales , compared with a 2.1 percent expansion a year earlier , the data said.Korean companies ' operating profit margin came to 7 percent in the first quarter , up from 5.8 percent a year earlier . It means that companies earned 70 won when they sold a product worth 1,000 won ( $ 0.84 ) .The quarterly figure marked the highest since the third quarter of 2010 , when it stood at 7.2 percent , the bank said.The companies ' financial health slightly improved as their assets grew 0.8 percent in the first quarter from a quarter earlier , while their debt to equity ratio fell to 90.3 percent from 91.1 percent during the same period , it said.The BOK said its survey was conducted on 3,062 companies between April 24 and June 9 . ( Yonhap )
The RCMP said charges are pending in connection with a two-vehicle crash north of Rimbey , Alta . on Wednesday afternoon .
Police did not specify what charges they expect to be laid and did not provide details about what led up to the collision , which involved an SUV and pickup truck .
However , Mounties said one person was airlifted to hospital by a STARS air ambulance helicopter with unknown injuries .
Police said an investigation is ongoing .
Anyone with information about the collision is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1.800.222.8477 ( TIPS ) or to contact them online .
SAN JOSE , Calif. ( AP ) — A Santa Clara County judge has dismissed a rape charge against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after prosecutors said the woman who made the allegation refused to testify .
Judge David A. Cena dismissed the charge — one count of rape of an intoxicated person — on Monday . Santa Clara County prosecutor Chris Lamiero said in a statement he tried to convince the victim to testify , but she refused .
The woman said she slipped and fell on a pool deck at McDonald 's San Jose home in December 2014 and continued to fall after that because of her initial head injury and alcohol consumption . She accused McDonald of carrying her upstairs to his bedroom and sexually assaulting her .
McDonald faced a maximum of eight years in prison .
Get ready to tailgate , Toronto .
As the Philadelphia Eagles get set to battle the New England Patriots at Super Bowl LII , football fans in Hogtown are scoping out the best places to watch the game on Sunday . Half-time buffets , giveaways and chicken wings and parties are all part of the plan . Kick-off is at 6:30 p.m .
Here 's where to watch Super Bowl LII in Toronto :
1 . Real Sports Bar and Grill : This Air Canada Centre locale has a cover charge of $ 10 per person . Fans can win prizes for the most creative tweet , which will be displayed on the bar 's largest screen . The winner of the best picture tweeted out wins a jersey . There are also other prize draws throughout the night . While there are 211 TVs to watch the action , nothing beats the huge big screen . Doors open at 5 p.m. , located at 15 York St .
2 . Love Child Social House : If you 're looking to cheer on your team with a group of friends , this Bathurst St. bar is hosting a Super Bowl party for large private groups . The All-Star Package at $ 550 ( plus tax and gratuity ) includes five game day tickets , game time food , a bottle of premium spirit , 12 beers and one celebratory champagne . Starts at 3 p.m. , located at 69 Bathurst St .
3 . The Office Pub : This rowdy John St. pub is the place to be for its seventh-annual Office Bowl Party . The $ 45 cover charge gets you entry , three domestic drinks and an all-you-can-eat buffet . There are 30 HD screens with full sound spread over three floors . The shindig promises a special halftime performance and a chance to win a $ 500 travel voucher from Flight Centre . Starts at 4:30 p.m. , located at 117 John St .
4 . Stone Church : This church is hosting a spectacular Super Bowl Party featuring a chili cook-off contest , door prizes , games , food and of course the Super Bowl on huge projector screens . Family friendly , open to everyone and it 's free . Starts at 6 p.m. , located at 45 Davenport Rd .
5 . The Fifth Pubhouse : The annual Super Bowl Sunday party has beer specials , prizes , giveaways and a legendary eight-foot-halftime sandwich . Starts at 5 p.m. , located at 221 Richmond St. W .
6 . Covenant House and Good Shepherd : In 2017 , both of these shelters held Super Bowl pizza parties and this year , they 're continuing that tradition of providing Toronto 's homeless community with the “ opportunity to come together to experience this game ” while people are going through hard times in their lives . Covenant House party starts 4 p.m. , located at 20 Gerrard St. E. ; Good Shepherd party begins at 6 p.m. , located at 412 Queen St. E .
7 . Earlscourt BBQ : This St. Clair barbecue joint is offering Super Bowl take-out or “ put on pants specials , ” including racks of ribs , chicken wings , pork nachos and fries . Dine-in patrons will also get a bonus of two cans of “ crushable beers ” with every order . Located at 1278 St. Clair Ave. W .
8 . Wahlburgers : No doubt the Wahlberg brothers are New England fans . They even have Patriots-themed GRONK burgers named after the team 's tight end Rob Gronkowski . Its Toronto location also has a live DJ and giveaways during its Super Bowl party and people are encouraged to use the hashtag # PATSCENTRALTO . Starts at 3 p.m. , located at 46 Blue Jays Way .
jyuen @ postmedia.com
- Advertisement -
Oando Plc has headed for the Court of Appeal in its bid to lift the technical suspension imposed on its shares on the floor of the Nigerian stock market by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The oil company had earlier approached the Federal High Court in Lagos to challenge SEC 's suspension of its shares and an audit of its business activities by forensic experts hired by SEC .
Though Justice Rilwan Aikawa of the lower court earlier granted an interim injunction restraining SEC from carrying out the audit , the same judge , in a ruling on November 23 , 2017 , struck out Oando 's suit , saying he had no jurisdiction to entertain it .
The judge said the appropriate forum to ventilate the issue was the Investment and Securities Tribunal .
But displeased with the decision , Oando , through its lawyer , Mr. Seyi Sowemimo ( SAN ) , went before the Court of Appeal seeking the reversal of Justice Aikawa 's ruling .
- Advertisement -
Sowemimo insisted that the Federal High Court rather than the IST was the appropriate forum to hear the case .
He said the judge erred in law to decline jurisdiction because “ the suit touched and concerned the operation of a company incorporated under the Companies and Allied Matters Act . ”
According to him , by virtue of Section 251 ( i ) ( e ) of the Constitution , the Federal High Court is empowered to entertain CAMA-related cases .
He is , therefore , urging the Court of Appeal to make an order “ reversing the ( Justice Aikawa 's ) order striking out the suit and restoring the matter to the cause list of the Federal High Court for accelerated hearing . ”
At the Monday 's proceedings before Justice Aikawa , Sowemimo informed the judge about the appeal and urged the judge to make an order “ preserving the res to prevent the appeal from being rendered nugatory . ”
BCHL Today is a ( near ) daily feature providing news and notes from around the junior A world .
Welcome to the Feb. 3 , 2018 edition of BCHL Today , a ( near ) daily look at what 's going on around the league and the junior A world .
There were seven games on the BCHL schedule , and we start in Trail , where the Langley Rivermen were whomped 8-1 at the Cominco Arena .
Rarely do you see a score like this where at least one player did n't have a multi-goal game , but the Smoke Eaters spread the scoring around with eight different players putting pucks in the net . Braedon Fleming go the start in the Langley cage , but lasted just 12:44 before getting the hook , after Trail scored twice on nine shots .
Kale Howarth and Tyler Ghirardosi did the damage .
Nic Tallarico took over in the Rivermen net and Trail took just four seconds to beat him on a Jeremy Lucchini snipe . The snowball rolled straight downhill from there . Spencer McLean and Andre Ghantous scored second period goals . A Levi Glasman goal chased Tallarico out of the net 11:40 into period three , with Fleming coming back in .
Fleming surrendered two goals on seven shots in the final 8:20 , with Trail 's Connor Welsh ( great name ! ) and Braedon Tuck pulling the trigger .
Connor Marshall scored the lone goal for Langley , a team that seems to be heading south at the wrong time of year . Since coming back from the Christmas break the Rivermen have four wins against eight losses and are in danger of starting the playoffs on the road .
————————————————————————————-
On the topic of disappointing teams , next up is the Chilliwack Chiefs , who fell 3-2 in Prince George Friday night .
The Spruce Kings generated just 11 shots on the Chilliwack net in this one , but were able to sneak three pucks past Chiefs stopper Mathieu Caron . Patrick Cozzi and Ben Brar had PG up 2-0 through 20 minutes . Liam Watson-Brawn had them up by three late in the second period before Corey Andonovski finally got Chilliwack on the board .
Harrison Blaisdell scored the second Chiefs goal with just 42 seconds left in the game .
I have n't talked about Chilliwack 's on-ice performance much because , frankly , it 's been depressing . I was hoping for so much more from a team that will host the Royal Bank Cup in just over three months . They will be playing for a national championship , and based on winning percentage they 're only the 11th best team in their own league . Has there been an RBC Cup host that has turned in a weaker regular season ?
Look at the Chiefs roster and it should n't be so . Or should it ? I wonder , if head coach/general manager Jason Tatarnic could go back and construct this roster all over again , would he still entrust the net to a pair of 17 year olds ? The tandem of Mathieu Caron and Daniel Chenard has been far from the only issue with this team , but they also have n't been part of any solution . Caron can be lights-out one night and shaky the next , and Chenard has been dogged by a lower body injury all season . When he 's played , he 's shown flashes of brilliance , but like Caron it 's been an up-and-down adventure .
Having a 19 or 20 year old goalie to insulate one of the youngsters may have been a better path .
But like I said , Caron and Chenard are n't the only problem . The lineup has depth but no gamebreakers . The forward and defensive ranks are dotted with Major Junior talents ( Adam Berg/Ryan Bowen/Marcus Teskink/Kyle Yewchuk/Bryan Allbee ) who 've underwhelmed .
Tatarnic acquired the AJHL 's scoring leader , PJ Marrocco , earlier this season , and he 's produced a good-but-not-great seven goals and 14 points in 17 games .
Some nights the team puts it all together and looks like the team they were supposed to be , and maybe they 'll flip the switch and be that team in the playoffs . More likely , they 'll be what they are now , a middling fourth-place team heading for an early exit .
————————————————————————————-
Brock Sawyer is now 0-2 as interim head coach of the Powell River Kings after his team fell 4-3 in overtime to the Alberni Valley Bulldogs Friday night .
The firing of long-time bench boss Kent Lewis seems to have thrown this team for a loop at the worst possible time , and you really have to question the timing of Lewis ' dismissal by the Powell River board . The Kings loss to AV combined with Nanaimo 's 8-5 win over Cowichan Valley has the Clippers even with Powell River in the Island division standings .
There 's a real danger that the team could start the playoffs on the road .
Paul Selleck scored the OT winner for the Bulldogs in Friday 's win , which would n't have gotten to extra time if Powell River 's Andy Stevens had n't come through with a game-tying goal with 1:56 left in the third period .
Darren Rizzolo , Keaton Mastrodonato and Bradley Ong also scored for the Dawgs with Carter Turnbull and Josh Coblenz replying for the Kings .
————————————————————————————-
We bounce over to that Nanaimo/Cowichan game because the score-sheet is so much fun .
Richmond native Joshua Bourne had four goals in 14 games coming into this one , where his hat-trick powered the Clips to victory . Nanaimo actually led 7-2 through two periods on Bourne 's three and singles by Lucas Vanroboys , Jordan Wharrie , Brad Belisle and Preston Brodziak .
The Caps came roaring back , sort of , in the third period .
Cowichan managed eight shots on net in the final frame , and scored on three of them , with David Laroche netting a pair and Troy MacTavish adding a single .
But Nanaimo 's David Melaragni countered with a power play goal at 18:22 to put any Capital comeback hopes to rest .
————————————————————————————-
Finally , to Salmon Arm where all the Silverbacks do these days is won .
Trevor Adams scored the game winner midway through period three as the BCHL 's hottest team won its seventh straight game . Salmon Arm has 10 wins and a tie in 14 post-Christmas outings . They 're on the verge of leap-frogging West Kelowna for fifth place in the Interior division standings , where they sit just two points back with seven games to play .
I do n't know that Penticton or Vernon or Wenatchee is dreading the idea of facing the Silverbacks in the first round of the playoffs , but Salmon Arm looks like they 'll be a very tough out .
Hudson Schandor had a pair of goals in Friday 's win with Rhett Kingston and Brandon Whistle also scoring . R.J. Murphy had a pair of first period tallies for West K , with Parm Dhaliwal and Chase Stevenson also hitting the score-sheet .
The other two scores from Friday night saw Wenatchee take down the Coquitlam Express by a 7-3 count while the Penticton Vees squeaked out a 3-2 road win in Merritt .
BCHL Today takes Sundays off and returns Monday morning with a look at the rest of the weekend action .
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C . and Alberta since 2003 .
Email eric.welsh @ theprogress.com
SINGAPORE : For many years , Jason Tan * struggled to come to terms with an incident that had caused him to lose trust in his parents at the age of 16 . He also had to deal with his parents ' separation and low self-esteem as a result of being afflicted with various medical conditions .
Being removed from a leadership position in a student organisation and experiencing burn out as a result of academic overloading also took a toll on Jason while in university . By 2008 , he was feeling lost , worthless and was experiencing “ a lot of inner pain and turmoil ” .
Jason sought help at university that same year , but it was short-lived .
“ In 2012 , because my issues had not been treated in 2008 , joining the workforce without being emotionally stable made it worse , ” the 34-year-old teacher at an independent school said .
The issue of depression in men has been in the spotlight since swimming legend Michael Phelps revealed in an interview that he has battled severe anxiety and depression .
At his worst , Phelps even contemplated suicide . It took him about eight years from his first depression “ spell ” to finally seek help .
Advertisement
Advertisement
MEN LESS LIKELY TO SEEK HELP FOR DEPRESSION
In December last year , researchers from the Institute of Mental Health ( IMH ) released the findings of a survey , which found that women aged between 18 and 34 are more prone to depression than men .
The survey spoke to more than 6,000 Singaporeans and permanent residents , and was based on data gathered between December 2009 and December 2010 . Researchers said the results are similar to that from studies done in other countries .
But Dr Mok Yee Ming , a senior consultant and chief of IMH 's Department of Mood and Anxiety told Channel NewsAsia that researchers are unsure if the gap is a reflection of the disease or because men are less likely to seek help than women .
“ It is likely a combination of such factors , ” Dr Mok said .
“ However , there are studies overseas that have found that men are less likely to seek help than women for mental health disorders . ”
Dr Mok cited a British study published in 2005 , that found that men , young people and those living in affluent areas were the least likely to seek help for mental health problems .
Medical Director at the Resilienz Clinic , Dr Thomas Lee , also experiences this at his practice , saying a majority of clients that come to him to treat depression are women .
“ Generally , women are more likely to know why they are feeling this way and to seek help , ” Dr Lee said .
“ They may have been encouraged by friends to seek help after talking to them . ”
Experts said apart from confusion surrounding the mental health issue amongst both sexes , there is an added stigma that often prevents men from coming forward .
“ For men , there is the additional expectation of being 'manly ' and masculine and not being emotional , ” Dr Mok said .
DEPRESSION MASKED AS ADDICTIONS IN MEN
Dr Lee said by the time his male clients seek help they have often been trying to cope with depression for many years using various methods . Some , he said , turn to sports to cope .
Others turned to alcohol and illicit drugs .
At his lowest , Jason was also chain-smoking and binge drinking to cope with the emotional and verbal abuse inflicted by his boss at the workplace .
This is a coping mechanism that is all too common among men , Dr Lee , who is an addictions specialist , said .
“ A lot ( of clients ) turn to alcohol to help them deal with their emotions . They use this as a crutch and when it becomes too problematic , they come to me for drinking issues , not depression . It is only from the drinking issue that we realise the root cause is depression . ”
Dr Lee added many come to him only when the alcohol abuse is starting to impact their work , sleep and daily activities .
“ Of course , alcohol complicates the matter , but the main symptoms of depression are the ones that are paralysing them , ” he said .
Dr Radiah Salim , who started voluntary welfare organisation Club Heal in 2012 , said when this happens , clients end up having two mental health issues .
“ They have underlying depression and an addiction , which is also a mental health issue . ”
In fact , Dr Radiah said counsellors at Club Heal , which helps clients deal with mental health issues , often look out for depression when a client comes in for addiction-related treatment .
Dr Radiah said by the time men decide to seek help , their mental health has often spiralled to a dangerous low , sometimes to the point of suicide .
Indeed , statistics by Samaritans of Singapore ( SOS ) revealed that more men committed suicide over a ten-year period up to 2014 , with the most significant increase among older men . This was despite overall decreasing suicide numbers in 2014 .
When assessing clients , experts also said depression manifests differently among men and women . Dr Lee said while women tend to have symptoms of anxiety and worrying , depression surfaces in men through anger outbursts .
This may be seen as aggression with the family , at the workplace or even incidents of road rage .
“ SEEK HELP EARLY AND SEEK IT AS OFTEN AS YOU NEED ”
For Jason , his second attempt at therapy was when he came close to a nervous breakdown .
“ My students were consulting me and I just froze , ” he recalled .
“ I could n't respond to them and had to motion to them to come back later . I arranged for therapy immediately after . ”
Jason said apart from speaking to a counsellor , he was also taught cognitive behaviour therapy techniques to cope .
“ There was also journalling , sketching and mind-mapping as it catered to what suited me best , ” he said of his 18-month therapy experience .
He said there are opportunity costs in not treating depression early . In his case , it included settling down with a life partner later than his peers and lagging in terms of promotion and salary as he was distracted by his “ emotional state of affairs ” .
Jason said his experience has taught him that no one is truly perfect . He gave the analogy of being assigned to a physical employment status ( PES ) before being enlisted in national service .
“ In their youth , most enlistees would want to be PES A , the ideal or pinnacle of physical perfection , because it gives them more chances to serve in the special forces or go to command school , ” Jason said .
“ The truth is that no one is truly 'PES A ' when it comes to their overall state of health . Everyone has that something holding him or her back mentally , where it would do them well to seek treatment .
`` The best maxim is this , seek help early and seek it as often as you need . ”
FAISALABAD - Sweden is among the countries where per capita purchasing power is $ 50,000 per annum . Hence , it is a very lucrative market for Pakistan to almost double its exports immediately , said Saima Saba , commercial counselor currently working at the Pakistan Embassy in Sweden .
Speaking to members of the Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( FCCI ) here on Monday , she talked in detail about the potential available in Sweden .
She said that she critically analysed the economy of Sweden during the last 10 months and noted that Pakistan was lagging far behind as compared to its competitors in the market .
She said that Bangladeshi exports were two times higher than Pakistan despite the fact that “ we are a cotton producing country and our products are competitive in terms of price and quality ” .
She said that absence of Pakistani products from Swedish markets was the reason for this discrepancy .
She said that Pakistani exporters could establish their footprints in this market by increasing their visibility . She said that an exhibition of Pakistani products was being organised in Stockholm in August this year that would provide an excellent opportunity to Pakistani exporters to showcase their products .
Nadeem Tahir of Pak-Swedish Business Council briefed the gathering about this exhibition and assured that best possible facilities would be provided to Pakistani exporters .
He said that Pakistani exporters ' meetings with leading buyers and visits to major department stores of Sweden would also be arranged .
Earlier , FCCI President Saeed Sheikh said that Pakistani exports to Sweden were just $ 137.65 million , whereas imports from Sweden were $ 230.84 million . He said that Pakistan 's share was negligible in the total $ 138 billion imports of Sweden .
He praised the initiative taken by Saima to increase Pakistani exports to Sweden and assured her of his full cooperation on behalf of the business community of Faisalabad .
During the question answer session , Dr Habib Aslam Gaba and Sanaullah Niazi raised interesting questions , which were well responded .
OUR STAFF REPORTER
While You Were Out Red Eye Theater
Apr 21st 8:00 pm
Apr 22nd 8:00 pm
Apr 24th 7:00 pm
$ - $ 20
In this technically and dramaturgically ambitious play written by Hayley Finn and co-directed by Finn with Andrew Dolan , each audience member is given a Walkman tuned to one of two radio frequencies . With the headphones on , you hear the inner monologue of the Bea corresponding to your side of the stage ; the actors all wear body mics , so you also only hear the spoken dialogue that your Bea is participating in or aware of . Both sides of the stage are visible to all , though , so you inevitably start craning your neck : What 's going on over there ?
( I spent Saturday night 's performance on the younger-Bea side , and later talked with audience members who filled me in on what I could n't hear across the stage . )
Both versions of Bea , the same character at different points in her life , are celebrating a birthday : the younger Bea ( Maeve Moynihan ) is turning 28 , and the older Bea ( Maggie Bearmon Pistner ) is turning 58 . Both begin their days by reflecting on a book that comes out of a box . It 's the diary kept by Bea 's mother , who died in a car accident when Bea was just seven years old .
The two Beas go on to meet , simultaneously on their respective sides of the stage , with other characters . The younger Bea goes to visit her aunt Ronnie ( Miriam Must ) , while the older Bea has a birthday dinner with her own adult daughter Sasha ( Megan Burns ) . Later , the two Beas meet in a mystical realm where they share a spiritual journey -- alternately poignant and absurd -- inspired by Kabbalah teachings . By the end of the play , they 're both watching a movie with their mother ( Chloe Armao ) .
There 's a lot going on in the busy 80 minutes of While You Were Out ; probably too much , but it all holds together in a portrait of a woman who questions her life choices and wonders what her mother would have advised . The material could lend itself to a tear-jerking emotional apotheosis , but Finn and Dolan are more restrained than that . There are no easy answers for Bea , and she comes to understand that her mother might not ever have been able to provide them .
Moynihan , who achieved child-actor fame at venues including the Guthrie Theater and the Children 's Theatre Company , just graduated from the Guthrie 's University of Minnesota BFA program last year . The actor is much younger than her pushing-30 Bea , but she performs with such poise that she reads as mature beyond her years . The pairing with Pistner feels incongruous , though . The two do n't much look or act like one another , so a meeting that should have a strong sense of the uncanny instead feels like two strangers crossing paths in their dreams .
Working with sound designer Peter Morrow , Finn and Dolan pull off an ambitious concept with aplomb . The well-rehearsed cast has to act in accordance with their own ( pre-recorded ) inner monologues as well as the visible and audible onstage action , and the entire production reveals careful consideration for detail and nuance .
Does it serve the story , though , to render the thoughts of each Bea opaque to half of the audience ? Might the play have packed more punch if the inner monologues had simply alternated , so that the audience would know what 's at stake for both versions of the character as the play approaches its climax ? What if the long Kabbalah sequence was trimmed , and the play was presented as two similar acts , with intermission , so that you did n't have to come back another night to hear the other side of the story ?
Regardless , While You Were Out is a unique and intriguing show that rewards attentive viewing . You 'll want to talk about it afterwards ; in fact , you 'll almost need to .
IF YOU GO :
While You Were Out
Red Eye Theater
8 p.m. Thursdays through Saturdays ; 7 p.m. Monday , April 24 , and Sunday , April 30 .
$ 20 ; $ 8 students ; pay-as-able Monday
Through April 30
By Andrea Dresdale
PRNewsfoto/PRETTY WOMAN : THE MUSICALBryan Adams fans should forget about the “ Summer of '69 ” and start thinking about the Summer of 2018 , which is when they 'll get to see the rocker 's first Broadway musical .
As previously reported , Bryan and his longtime songwriting partner Jim Vallance have written the music for Pretty Woman : The Musical , based on the Julia Roberts/Richard Gere rom-com of the same name . Tickets for the production — both its world premiere in Chicago and its subsequent Broadway run — go on sale this Friday .
The Chicago world premiere takes place March 13 , and tickets for the five-week engagement can be purchased at BroadwayInChicago.com . The Broadway performances begin July 20 , 2018 , with the official opening night coming August 16 , 2018 . Those tickets are available via Ticketmaster .
The book of the musical was written by the late Garry Marshall , who directed the movie Pretty Woman , and J.F . Lawton , who wrote the screenplay .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Comments
0 Fifth Harmony going on indefinite hiatus , pursuingsolo endeavors
Fifth Harmony is disbanding for the unforeseen future .
E ! News reported that the girl group -- made up of Dinah Jane , Normani Kordei , Ally Brooke and Lauren Jauregui -- announced on Twitter Monday that they are going on “ solo endeavors ” and are going on a hiatus .
Fifth Harmony began as a five-person group , forming on the US version of “ The X Factor ” in 2012 . In 2016 , original member Camila Cabello controversially left the group and launched her own successful solo career .
> > Read more trending news
“ Reflecting on the past six years since we started on X-Factor , we 've realized just how far we 've come and we appreciate everything so much , more now than ever , ” the statement said . “ We 've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and ca n't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride !
“ After six years going hard , non-stop , we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you , we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors . ”
There have already been indicators that members of the group were going solo .
Billboard reported that Kordei signed a solo management deal in October and will go by the mononym Normani . That same month , Dinah Jane appeared on the joint single “ Boom Boom ” with Daddy Yankee , RedOne and French Montana .
In January , Jauregui appeared on “ All Night ” with Steve Aoki . That same month , Brooke appeared on “ Perfect , ” a single from Topic .
In February , Kordei appeared on the single “ Love Lies ” with Khalid .
The group ended its statement with a thank you to their fans , called Harmonizers :
“ To our Harmonizers , thank you for everything we have been able to build as Fifth Harmony . With your love and encouragement we will continue to build on ourselves , support one another in everything we do , and keep making you proud , each other proud and ourselves proud . ”
Fifth Harmony still has tour dates that it says will still happen through the end of the year .
Read Fifth Harmony 's full statement below :
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
SOFIA : Bulgaria has asked Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG to overhaul and maintain its 15 aged MiG-29 fighter jets in a four-year deal worth up to 81.3 million levs ( US $ 49 million ) , the country 's defence ministry said on Monday .
NATO and EU member Bulgaria needs to keep its Soviet-era aircraft operational after plans to buy eight new fighter jets hit another snag .
The defence ministry will have to virtually restart the process and is yet to send requests for proposals to aircraft makers .
Main contenders remain Swedish manufacturer Saab 's Gripen jets , Portugal and the United States with secondhand F-16s and Italy with secondhand Eurofighter Typhoons . Defence Minister Krasimir Karakachanov has said Bulgaria may also send a request to Boeing for F-18 aircraft .
( Reporting by Angel Krasimirov and Tsvetelia Tsolova ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
Korea 's leadership has cracked down on human rights by further restricting movements and making `` horrific '' prison conditions more severe amid tensions over its nuclear and missile tests .
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council Monday that a chronic lack of food , partly due to resources which are diverted to the military , has made humanitarian aid provided by the U.N. and others `` literally a lifeline for some 13 million acutely vulnerable individuals . ''
He urged the council to assess the human rights impact of sanctions that have slowed aid deliveries and minimize the humanitarian consequences .
Zeid also criticized China for returning North Koreans who escape from their country , saying they `` are routinely subjected to multiple forms of torture and ill-treatment . ''
Mon , Apr 17 : It 's known as the friendly city , but Moose Jaw , Sask . residents are still in shock after a man stood on main street over the weekend and pointed what appeared to be a handgun at civilians and police .
U.S. President Donald Trump returned to Washington on Monday to authorize an inquiry into China 's alleged theft of intellectual property , a step that analysts say is aimed at pressuring Beijing into a negotiated settlement to revise its practices .
WASHINGTON : U.S. President Donald Trump returned to Washington on Monday to authorize an inquiry into China 's alleged theft of intellectual property , a step that analysts say is aimed at pressuring Beijing into a negotiated settlement to revise its practices .
Trump broke from his 17-day vacation in New Jersey to sign a presidential memorandum at the White House , set for 3 p.m . The order will instruct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to look into whether to investigate China 's trade policies on intellectual property , which the White House says are harming U.S. businesses and jobs .
The action is likely to escalate tensions with Beijing at a time when Washington has asked for its help on North Korea .
`` Much work to do . Focus on trade and military , '' Trump said on Twitter in reference to the upcoming announcement .
China 's policy of forcing foreign companies to turn over technology to Chinese joint venture partners and failure to crack down on intellectual property theft have been longstanding problems for U.S. administrations .
Although Trump constantly criticized China 's trade practices on the campaign trail , his administration has not taken direct action against Beijing . It declined to name China a currency manipulator and has delayed broader national security probes into imports of foreign steel and aluminum that could indirectly affect China .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In an editorial on Monday , the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will `` poison '' relations and warned the Trump administration not to make a rash decision it could regret .
The investigation could take up to a year , according to administration officials , opening the door to a settlement before a possible investigation is launched .
Matthew Goodman , a senior adviser for Asian economics at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies , said Beijing would likely resist negotiating under the threat of trade sanctions but could be amenable to a backdoor deal .
`` I 'm sure they will formally reject this if an investigation is launched and there is an implication this is going to require negotiation to resolve it , '' Goodman said . `` But will they quietly be willing to talk about some of the underlying concerns ? ''
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Jonathan Fenby , an analyst at the TS Lombard consultancy , said China was not interested in a short-term trade fix with the United States and will resist `` attempts to tie it down . ''
Trump had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month , but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressured for China 's cooperation on North Korea .
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 , a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade , allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from `` unfair trade practices '' of foreign countries .
( Reporting by Lesley Wroughton ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Islamabad - Islamabad High Court Chief Justice Muhammad Anwar Khan Kasi has constituted six benches including a division bench to hear the cases during the next week starting from today ( Monday ) .
He has constituted one division bench and five single benches to conduct the hearing of the cases during this week .
The Division Bench comprises of Islamabad High Court ( IHC ) Justice Athar Minallah and Justice Mohsin Akhtar Kayani . Five single benches include Chief Justice Kasi , Justice Noorul Haq N Qureshi , Justice Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui , Justice Athar Minallah and Justice Mohsin Akhtar Kayani .
Although , the IHC is closed for 16 days for winter vacations starting from December 24 , 2015 to January 8 , 2017 , yet the duty judges continue their work of conducting cases of urgency during the holidays .
The duty judges will hear only pre-arrest and post-arrest bail matters , habeas corpus petitions or detention matters , cases fixed by court , urgent petitions seeking injunction or stay orders involving imminent threat of irreparable loss and any other matter of genuine urgency with the approval of the IHC chief justice and vacation judge .
According to the notification issued by IHC Registrar Office , the courts would reopen on January 9 .
Herbalife Ltd. commissioned a secret report to understand what made activist investor William Ackman tick as he accused the company of being a fraud and bet its share price would collapse to zero , a new book shows .
NEW YORK : Herbalife Ltd. commissioned a secret report to understand what made activist investor William Ackman tick as he accused the company of being a fraud and bet its share price would collapse to zero , a new book shows .
Nearly two years after Ackman first began researching his US $ 1 billion short-bet against Herbalife , the nutrition company paid US $ 100,000 in 2014 for a 30-page dossier to help management understand and then react to its adversary , television journalist Scott Wapner wrote .
Ackman alleged in public presentations that the company was running an illegal pyramid scheme where members were paid more to recruit new people than for selling the actual product and said many times that the stock price would tumble to zero once the government investigated . Herbalife denied the allegations and its share price traded at US $ 102.37 on Tuesday .
Wapner 's book `` When the Wolves Bite ; Two Billionaires , One Company , and an Epic Wall Street Battle '' is being published on Tuesday . The existence of the dossier had not been previously reported . Herbalife did not respond to a request for comment and a spokesman for Ackman declined to comment .
Ackman is described in the dossier as being `` fiercely competitive , '' `` extremely smart , '' and `` aggressive and competitive in all things , '' Wapner writes , quoting the report . Ackman `` believes he is in the right and stubbornly , inflexibly , sticks to his positions , '' Wapner adds , quoting the report .
The battle over Herbalife 's future pitted Ackman , who runs US $ 8.2 billion Pershing Square Capital Management , against Wall Street rivals including Carl Icahn , who bought a big stake in the company in 2013 , making it one of Wall Street 's most expensive and enduring fights .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Forensic psychiatrist Park Dietz relied on media reports and television clips to compile the dossier and did not interview his subject directly , Wapner wrote .
Ackman exited the Herbalife short bet this year , ending his six-year long mission . While Ackman lost money on the bet , the Federal Trade Commission investigated Herbalife and settled with the company in July 2016 . Herbalife paid US $ 200 million to compensate consumers who had been deceived into believing they could earn `` substantial money '' by selling Herbalife products , and the company was forced by the FTC to restructure its business .
( Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss ; Editing by Frances Kerry )
Hastings Borough Council is looking for two Independent Persons to support the work of its Standards Committee .
The Localism Act 2011 created a new standards regime for local authorities , under which the council remains under a duty to promote and maintain high standards of conduct by its councillors . The Act requires the council to appoint “ Independent Persons ” to support it in dealing with complaints that a councillor may have breached the Code of Conduct .
The Independent Persons views may be sought by a councillor against whom a complaint has been made . Their view will also be sought as to whether an allegation should be investigated . The Independent Person will be asked to attend hearings if necessary .
It is essential Independent Persons maintain high standards of impartiality and that they are independent of any political party and of local government . Experience of committee work , particularly the work of the current standards committee , and an interest in probity and ethical issues , are highly desirable .
The Independent Person also has a role to play in any disciplinary hearing of any of the council 's statutory officers .
For an informal discussion about the role of the Independent Person , contact Chris Barkshire-Jones , chief legal officer and monitoring officer on 01424 451731 or email cbarkshire-jones @ hastings.gov.uk .
The closing date for receipt of applications , which should be in the form of a CV , is September 18 , 2017 . Interviews will be held on the mornings of September 26 and 27 . Successful applicants will take up their posts from November 1 , 2017 . CVs should be sent to Hastings Borough Council , Muriel Matters House , Breeds Place , Hastings , TN34 3UY , marked for the attention of Chris Barkshire-Jones or Kirsty Cameron .
0 Trump pick to head VA in trouble as Senators postpone hearing
President Donald Trump 's decision to elevate the White House physician to lead the Veterans Administration was in peril on Tuesday , as top Senators in both parties announced that a confirmation hearing set this week for Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson would be ‘ postponed until further notice , ' as the Senate requested all documents on “ allegations or incidents ” involving Jackson since 2006 .
“ We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation , ” said Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R-GA ) , the Chairman of the Senate Veterans Committee , and Sen. John Tester ( D-MT ) , the top Democrat on that panel .
“ We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review , ” the two said in a joint statement .
The move came amid reports from various news organizations that raised questions about Jackson 's stewardship of the White House Physician 's Office .
The delay of the hearing was a major setback for the White House , again raising questions about vetting operations for nominees in the Trump Administration .
Jackson was already facing questions about whether he was the right person to manage the sprawling VA , which has been beset by a series of troubles in recent years .
“ How did he get through the process with all of these allegations not being made public ? ” asked Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer .
“ My guess ? Not proper vetting , ” Schumer said in a speech on the Senate floor .
. @ SenSchumer from Senate floor on VA Sec nominee : `` This Trump Administration has done the worst job of vetting their nominees of any Admin I can remember .. How did he get through the process with all of these allegations not even being made public ? My guess , not proper vetting . '' — Craig Caplan ( @ CraigCaplan ) April 24 , 2018
While acknowledging he was n't there for the decision to nominate Rear Admiral Jackson , Schumer said he could imagine a scenario where the President simply decided on the spur of the moment to nominate the Presidential doctor – without any real review of his qualifications , or possible background issues .
President Trump fired his first VA chief , David Shulkin , in late March .
Gone With A Shot ? Hopeful New Signs Of Relief For Migraine Sufferers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photographer is my life/Getty Images Photographer is my life/Getty Images
Humans have suffered from migraines for millennia . Yet , despite decades of research , there is n't a drug on the market today that prevents them by targeting the underlying cause . All of that could change in a few months when the FDA is expected to announce its decision about new therapies that have the potential to turn migraine treatment on its head .
The new therapies are based on research begun in the 1980s showing that people in the throes of a migraine attack have high levels of a protein called calcitonin gene–related peptide ( CGRP ) in their blood .
Step by step , researchers tracked and studied this neurochemical 's effects . They found that injecting the peptide into the blood of people prone to migraines triggers migraine-like headaches , whereas people not prone to migraines experienced , at most , mild pain . Blocking transmission of CGRP in mice appeared to prevent migraine-like symptoms . And so a few companies started developing a pill that might do the same in humans .
Clinical trials of the first pills were effective against migraine but halted in 2011 over concerns about potential liver damage . So , four pharmaceutical companies rejiggered their approach . To bypass the liver , all four instead looked to an injectable therapy called monoclonal antibodies — tiny immune molecules most commonly used to treat cancer . Not only do these bypass the liver to block CGRP , but one injection appears to be effective for up to three months with almost no noticeable side effects .
Two manufacturers , Amgen ( in collaboration with Novartis ) and Teva Pharmaceuticals , have completed clinical trials and expect to hear from the FDA by June whether the therapies have been approved . Two more companies , Eli Lilly and Alder Biopharmaceuticals , plan to file for FDA approval later this year .
Current treatments do n't always work
It 's been a long time coming . Right now , the only available preventive treatments are accidental discoveries : A number of people prescribed medications for depression , high blood pressure and epilepsy discovered migraine relief , too . Now , many of those drugs , including propranolol and topiramate , have been tested and approved for migraine . But no one drug works for everyone , and side effects can prove intolerable or downright unpleasant .
Migraines are throbbing , one-sided headaches that can be accompanied by nausea as well as sensitivity to light , sound , smell , and movement . At their best , the headaches are an annoyance . At their worst , they can be completely debilitating . So for those of us who get numerous migraines each month , the prospect of a new approach feels almost life-changing .
According to one recent survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , about 10 percent of men and 20 percent of women in the U.S. reported having had a migraine in the last three months . And up to two percent of all Americans has at least 15 migraine days every single month . The toll such pain can take on health , morale , and productivity is substantial .
My own migraines started when I was 13 . They struck a few times a week and I thought they were normal headaches . For a while , I tried the usual over the counter pain relievers but , one by one , they stopped working . By age 25 , I started to wonder if there was something seriously wrong with my head . My general practitioner diagnosed me with migraines , gave me my first preventive medication — an antidepressant — then sent me to see a specialist .
Since that day more than 17 years ago , I have tried six preventive prescription medications . Not one helped . I alternated among four different , neurologist-recommended supplements , all to no avail . I received bi-monthly injections of magnesium and participated in one of the first clinical trials of Botox . And while Botox seemed to decrease my migraines by one or two per month , it was n't enough to bother fighting about it with a new insurance company . I exercised regularly . I experimented with an elimination diet that left me eating nothing but broccoli and white rice , but still the migraines came . I averaged about 15 to 20 each month .
Still , I considered myself lucky . The headaches almost never came with nausea , and I had medications that typically ousted them within an hour or two . All told , I usually lost only a few hours of productivity a week .
When I grew older and had two children , my body changed and my migraines changed , too . I get them less frequently now , but when they come , they can stick around for a few days or even a week . Abortive medications still work , except when they do n't . So when I heard about a new approach that was making its way through a number of pharmaceutical company pipelines , I began combing through the national clinical trials database to find a trial near me . I found one about 80 miles away , which did n't seem too far a trek considering the tantalizing reward of a migraine-free life . I made an appointment .
Clinical trials seem promising
David Dodick , a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix , Ariz. , has been involved in multiple clinical trials with each of the four anti-CGRP antibody treatments in development . And , he admits , he 's optimistic . He has good reason to be : Each of the therapies decreases migraine frequency by at least one to two days per month . `` In a field where , over time , the progress and pace of research in understanding the underlying biology and mechanism of disease has been slow , this was very exciting , '' he says .
Because migraines are not life-threatening , most drugs have to pass a pretty high bar to be approved . And so far , patients on the experimental treatments report limited side effects that consist mostly of pain at the injection site . Unlike the current preventive medications , there is no nausea , no fuzzy thinking , no nerve pain , no weight loss or gain . And instead of remembering to take a daily pill , there is just a once-monthly injection .
Neurologists already have patients eager to test these therapies , especially when everything else they 've tried has n't worked . `` There 's a big hole to fill , both in prevention and acute therapies , '' says Alexander Mauskop , director of the New York Headache Center in New York City . ( Full disclosure : He 's my former neurologist . ) `` If I have someone who 's really suffering and ca n't find a solution , I tell them that in June I might have something new for them to try . '' Right now , he says , he has a list of about two dozen such patients .
High price tag
Even if the new therapies are approved , however , patients may still have to jump through a number of hoops to get them . Biologic therapies like these are expensive , and treatment could reportedly range anywhere from $ 8,000 to $ 18,000 a year . At that price , Mauskop and other neurologists expect insurance companies to require patients to have tried just about everything else first .
The other hitch at this stage is a lack of long-term safety data . `` If someone is well-controlled with Botox or another drug , I 'd not suggest they switch , '' Mauskop says . `` With Vioxx , it took 10 years before they discovered that it increased the risk of heart problems . ''
Side effects are a potential concern . Elizabeth Loder , chief of headache at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , points out that because CGRP constricts blood vessels , there may be potential long-term effects on blood pressure or other cardiovascular function . In women of childbearing age , who are the ones most prone to frequent migraines , `` you can imagine that might have effects on fertility or placental function . ''
Right now , the longest patients have been on one of these new therapies is one to two years .
I ask Mauskop whether he 'd recommend I enroll in a clinical trial , given my failure to respond to most everything else . He pauses , noting that he 's no longer my neurologist and that he ca n't really give me any suggestions . But then he says that , since I 'd previously shown some response to Botox , perhaps I might want to give it another try . I think about my two young children and my risk tolerance . Perhaps in ten years I 'll feel differently . For now , however , I pick up the phone and cancel my clinical trial appointment .
Lauren Gravitz is a science writer and editor in Hershey , Penn . Her work has appeared in Nature , The Economist , Aeon , Discover , The Oprah Magazine , and more . Find her at www.laurengravitz.com and @ lyrebard .
Insiders tell us Spanx billionaire Sara Blakely is in talks to jump into the pool of “ guest sharks ” on “ Shark Tank . ”
Guest sharks on the ABC hit , which features a panel of investor judges entertaining pitches from entrepreneurs , have included Ashton Kutcher and Troy Carter .
Regulars are Mark Cuban , Barbara Corcoran , Lori Greiner , Robert Herjavec , Daymond John and Kevin O'Leary .
Blakely — the world 's youngest self-made female billionaire — sold fax machines door-to-door before hatching the idea for Spanx , when she cut the feet off a pair of pantyhose .
A “ Shark Tank ” rep said Blakely is not confirmed for the show .
Spanx did n't get back to us .
Latest Update : Bumrah , around the wicket to Tamim , one slip in place . Tamim very much in anchor mode here , and the Indian bowlers have denied him the width he loves outside off which is cramping his style further . Three dot balls , then the play off the pads through the square leg region for the single to roll the strike around . 10 off 25 , Tamim .
Bumrah over the wicket to Mushfiqur , trying for the yorker , ending up a bit short in length but tight on off ; the push finds mid on , no run . The last ball of the over is on length , just around that off and Mushfiqur half forward pushing in defense . Seems a bit unsure whether the ball is going to come back into him , hence the half-prod on that final defensive push .
Ten overs gone , 46/2 Bangladesh and the second power play about to begin
IND vs BAN : After 10 overs , Bangladesh 46/2 ( TamimIqbal 10 , MushfiqurRahim ( W ) 12 )
Preview : Professionalism will be pitted against passion when defending champions India square off with Bangladesh in the second semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy at Edgbaston on Thursday .
On paper , India are overwhelming favourites against the next door neighbours but in a game of glorious uncertainties , it will be foolhardy to count Bangladesh out of equation .
Especially after their inspirational 'come from behind ' victory against New Zealand that paved the way for their semi-final berth .
India , after a clinical performance against South Africa , would like to maintain the same intensity against a team that could prove to be a proverbial banana peel for them .
Batsmen in form , bowlers on target and fielding top notch — Virat Kohli 's men have covered all bases so far and Mashrafe Mortaza 's men — after their lucky entry into semi- finals — will have to pull off something really special at the Edgbaston Cricket Ground .
For India , nothing short of a place in the summit round will satisfy them while Bangladesh are standing at the cusp of what could be the biggest day in their cricketing history , if they manage to pull off a victory .
A victory for India will be par for the course for which they wo n't possibly get the credit that one gets for beating Australia , South Africa or England .
But a defeat will lead to unparalleled criticism from fans and critics alike with some of the uncomfortable behind the scene happenings ( like the alleged Anil Kumble-Virat Kohli rift ) again raising their head .
It will be interesting to see if India retain Ravichandran Ashwin or bring Umesh Yadav back as his pace scared the Bangladeshi batsmen during their 240-run thrashing in a warm-up game .
In case of Bangladesh , their aim will be to repeat the performance of the 2007 World Cup of opener in Port of Spain— still a 'Red Letter Day ' in cricketing history .
Four members of that side — skipper Mashrafe Mortaza , Shakib Al Hasan , Mushfiqur Rahim and Tamim Iqbal — are stars of this current line-up .
One day cricket is one format where perhaps Bangladesh have the best chance of beating India . This is a format which is neither too long like Test cricket where temperament is challenged nor too short like T20 where quick-on-the-feet innovation is required .
Fifty overs is adequate time in which the tiny nation have gained its mojo in the past 3 years building a reasonably good unit that can put up a fight .
They have shown they could do that during the 2015 home series which they won 2-1 , thanks to the then teenage sensation Mustafizur Rahaman and his deadly cutters .
But the 50-over India versus Bangladesh contests have never been short of drama — thanks to the overtly passionate fans and media .
'Tigers ' , as they are referred to have such a passionate following that their country 's media has been successfully able to 'marry ' nationalism with cricket taking it to an altogether different level .
An interesting anecdote will reveal how cricket and nationalism has been inter-linked in Bangladesh 's social life and even cricketers have been voluntarily a part of it .
It is learnt that the entire Bangladesh team was watching the England versus Australia game together . Once England 's victory ensured Bangladesh 's qualification , their strike bowler Taskin Ahmed started singing a popular song with others joining in chorus .
The song is the extremely popular Bengali rendition 'Amra Korbo Joy ' of Pete Seeger 's iconic 'We Shall Overcome ' . The entire team joined in chorus and they uploaded the video on facebook , which acquired millions of hits .
Bangladeshis treat cricket as more than a game . If cricket is religion in India , it 's beyond that in Bangladesh . It 's a getaway from all the worries of poverty , unemployment and other teething issues .
The 2015 World Cup quarter-final against India at the MCG still sticks out like a sore thumb for the Bangladesh players and fans alike .
They still believe that Rohit Sharma was out as Rubel Hossain bowled a perfectly legal delivery . One ca n't justify that given that even if 40 runs were deducted from Rohit 's final score of 137 , Bangladesh would have still lost that game .
They believe that Mahmudullah Riyadh could have won them the match had Shikhar Dhawan 's contentious claim for a catch at the boundary line not been upheld by the umpires .
The one-run defeat at Bangalore in a ICC World T20 match last year still hurts them bad — a testimony to which was Mushfiqur Rahim 's classless tweet after India 's semi-final departure .
The former skipper had to delete it after instructions from the Bangladesh Cricket Board .
While coach Chandika Hathurusingha tries to instill some sense of calmness playing the 'underdog card ' , there are people in Bangladesh camp , who already , in their dreams , have set their foot in the final .
Just man to man— Bangladesh are no match for the Indian team despite having quality in their ranks .
The opening pair of Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma are far better than Tamim Iqbal or Soumya Sarkar . However , Tamim has been in good form in the tournament despite a strike-rate in mid 70s .
No one in their dreams would compare Imrul Kayes or Sabbir Rahaman with Virat Kohli 's class .
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is a legend in 50-overs cricket where Mushfiqur Rahim is still an inconsistent player . Mahmudullah Riyadh is a gutsy match-winner but Yuvraj Singh playing his 300th match is in a different league .
Mashrafe , Taskin , Rubel and Mustafizur are a good attack on a given day and that 's Bangladesh 's best chance to upset India . But even there , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Jasprit Bumrah , Hardik Pandya have more quality .
Squads :
India : Virat Kohli ( captain ) , Shikhar Dhawan , Rohit Sharma , Yuvraj Singh , Mahendra Singh Dhoni , Kedar Jadhav , Hardik Pandya , Ravindra Jadeja , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Jasprit Bumrah , Umesh Yadav , Ajinkya Rahane , Ravichandran Ashwin , Dinesh Karthik , Mohammed Shami .
Bangladesh : Mashrafe Mortaza ( captain ) , Tamim Iqbal , Imrul Kayes , Soumya Sarkar , Sabbir Rahaman , Mahmudullah Riyadh , Shakib Al Hasan , Mushfiqur Rahim ( wk ) , Rubel Hossain , Mustafizur Rahaman , Taskin Ahmed , Mehedi Hossain Miraz , Mossadek Hossain , Sunzamul Islam , Shafiul Islam .
With inputs from PTI
Truckers who delete mobile applications from their smart phones to gain more storage space on their devices or simply because the app did n't do what it was supposed to do are in good company , according to a new survey .
A full quarter of smartphone owners ( 25 % ) delete apps simply because their phone 's storage space was full and they needed room , a poll of more than 500 smart phone owners conducted by how-to website The Manifest recently discerned .
Related : Is technology helping or hindering human development ?
Those smart phone users , who use at least three apps daily , said they need for more storage space ranked third among reasons for deleting apps , behind `` I had n't used the app in a long time '' ( 32 % ) and `` the app did n't fulfill my needs '' ( 26 % ) .
It can be particularly challenging , however , for businesses to have people delete their app simply because users needed storage space , said Alex Levin , co-founder of L+R , a Brooklyn-based creative agency and interviewed as part of this survey – pointing out that app developers need to “ critically think “ about what is stored locally on the app and what is available via an internet connection .
“ Make sure that everything stored on the device is necessary , ” Levin stressed . “ Keep it really lean – do n't have images or content that do n't need to be there . Make sure these things are instead pulled down from the cloud or generated with native code . ”
An app should n't be exceptionally large , he explained , but it should be accessible when the user does n't have an internet connection , such as when travelling internationally , commuting in subway tunnels , and other similar scenarios .
The poll also found most people often under-report how often they use mobile apps . When asked about their overall daily app usage , 32 % of respondents in The Manifest ‘ s survey say they open any mobile app on their phone only one to 10 times a day – a low estimate , said Sheana Ahlqvist , lead UX researcher at PhD Insights .
`` There tend to be large differences between 'self-reported ' estimates of behavior and actual measures of behavior , '' she explained .
And when it comes to generations , millennials typically report higher app usage , with one in five millennial app users ( 21 % ) say they open a mobile app more than 50 times a day , compared to just 2 % of Baby Boomers .
Although millennials use apps more , they may also be reporting their app usage more honestly , L+R 's Levin noted .
“ [ Older respondents ] may want to assume that they 're not so reliant on their phone , ” he said . “ Whereas younger respondents are answering in a less aspirational way because they do n't think of it as negative . They feel fully empowered and know that technology is here as a way to help them with their everyday life . ”
This suggests that younger users likely have “ less stigma ” associated with high mobile app usage , Levin added .
https : //twitter.com/amygoodchild
Last week I set up a simple recreation of Loren Carpenter 's Pong experiment and had some friends test it . I want to do this with larger audiences and have been working on making this happen .
Along with a collaborator , Min , we made some play cards cut out of plywood .
With 40 of these , I can start to test the patterns of behaviour that emerge in larger groups using this system of control .
Setting up the room
Last week I had my phone torchlight set up to reflect light off the reflective tape and into the camera . I 've now also tried using a desk lamp . This works better as it is n't as bright in people 's eyes , and it gives a more dispersed light , which seems to allow for the players to be further away .
I taped the paddles to the auditorium steps so that I could test the colours being picked up .
Live Test
Once this was working pretty well , I recruited some helpers to test the system and play Pong .
It was interesting to see straight away how different people react . Some people start trying to lead the group , by shouting out orders . Others try and “ hack ” the system , by suggesting that only one person on each team plays . In fact I 've now set up the code so that , if only one person plays , the team will be at a disadvantage , as fine control can be obtained when there is a smaller majority and the paddle moves more slowly .
Staging
In a couple of days I will be trying this out with a audience in the auditorium , hopefully around 30-40 people . Whereas before , all my tests have been with friends or other students , some of the participants on Thursday will not have any background knowledge of the project . I am hoping they will discover how it works without any direct instructions . I am working out how to stage this appropriately .
Games / Activities
As well as Pong , I 've tried playing Chrome 's jumping dinosaur game . I did this by outputting keypresses from Processing based on the colour being held up . It is very difficult to control so I 'm coding up my own version so that I can adjust parameters like the size and frequency of the obstacles and the height of the jump , to make it playable by an audience .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
A politician who forced Armenia 's prime minister to resign led thousands of people on a march on Tuesday to mark the anniversary of Ottoman Turk massacres of Armenians in 1915 , cementing his growing political stature .
YEREVAN : A politician who forced Armenia 's prime minister to resign led thousands of people on a march on Tuesday to mark the anniversary of Ottoman Turk massacres of Armenians in 1915 , cementing his growing political stature .
Prime Minister Serzh Sarksyan resigned on Monday after almost two weeks of street protests prompted by accusations he had manipulated the constitution to cling to power .
Lawmaker Nikol Pashinyan played an instrumental role in ousting Sarksyan , organising many of the protests and calling for the premier to go in a televised exchange before being jailed and then released . He is set to start talks with the ruling party on Wednesday .
On Tuesday , Pashinyan led thousands of people through the capital Yerevan to a hilltop memorial dedicated to the victims of the 1915 massacres . Some chanted his name and waved the national flag .
Armenia says the killings during World War One constituted genocide . Muslim-majority Turkey accepts that many Christian Armenians were killed in fighting during the war but denies the killings amounted to genocide .
Given the anniversary 's solemn nature , politicians decided to largely refrain from making political statements about the country 's future on Tuesday .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But acting prime minister Karen Karapetyan , an ally of the ousted Sarksyan , said it was important to stay united amid the political tumult .
`` We are going through a very difficult stage in our new history ... demonstrating to the entire world that despite difficulties and unresolved problems we are united , '' Karapetyan said in a statement after laying flowers at the memorial to the victims of the massacres .
`` We reaffirm our determination to build strong statehood and a free and civilised society . ''
Sarksyan 's allies like Karapetyan remain in important positions in government and it remains unclear whether his resignation will herald any real change .
Armenia 's political parties in parliament must now put forward the name of a new prime minister within seven days .
Pashinyan , 42 , appears keen to play a major role in the political reconfiguration .
He has a history of political activism and was among opposition activists who demonstrated against Sarksyan 's 2008 presidential election victory . Ten people were killed in clashes that followed that win .
After a period of hiding , Pashinyan surrendered to the police in 2009 and was sentenced to four years in prison for organising civil disturbances . He was released two years later under an amnesty .
`` Nikol is a really popular leader , whom we trust , '' Karen Mkhitaryan , a 19-year-old student , said of Pashinyan .
PROSPECTS UNCLEAR
Politicians and experts said on Tuesday that Sarksyan , who was president for a decade before trying to extend his time in power , decided to step down due to what they described as unbearable pressure coming from the mass protests .
`` Thousands of people were in the streets for days demanding his resignation and the moment came when he had no resources to suppress this movement , '' Ararat Mirzoyan , an opposition leader , told Reuters .
Some said Sarksyan 's move was a rare example of political wisdom from a leader under pressure .
`` Serzh Sarksyan has confirmed once again that he is a real statesman , '' Eduard Sharmazanov , a vice speaker of parliament , told Reuters .
Others praised him for not resorting to a bloody crackdown to stay in power , something he had hinted at on Sunday .
Sarksyan was a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin and Moscow is closely watching events in Armenia , where it has two military basesy . The Kremlin said on Tuesday it was pleased the situation appeared stable for now .
Many experts say it is too early to predict what lies ahead however .
`` What is needed is a sober power-sharing reconfiguration , '' said Richard Giragosian , a director of the Regional Studies Centre .
`` Yet such consensus and compromise seems very far away , and with mounting expectations and anger dangerously high , the real challenge of governance is only just beginning . ''
( Writing by Margarita Antidze/Andrew Osborn ; editing by Angus MacSwan )
CINCINNATI ( AP ) — The Cincinnati Reds traded right-hander Dylan Floro and a minor league pitcher to the Los Angeles Dodgers for two minor league pitchers on Wednesday .
The Reds also optioned utility player Brandon Dixon to Triple-A Louisville and recalled Tanner Rainey and Cody Reed from Louisville to bolster a depleted bullpen .
The Dodgers sent James Marinan and Anerurys Zabala to the Reds for Floro , Zach Neal and international signing bonus pool space . Marinan will report to Billings of the rookie-level Pioneer League and Zabala to Single-A Dayton .
Floro was 3-2 with a 2.72 earned-run average in 25 relief appearances this season with Cincinnati .
Rainey has no record in five previous stints with the Reds this season . Reed has spent the entire season with the Bats .
Dixon hit .219 with a home run and two runs batted in over 29 games , including 2-for-8 with two RBIs as a pinch-hitter .
The benefits of small town living are sometimes unexpected . Listen as residents reflect on the positive ways their lives have been touched by Grinnell .
Get a feel for what it 's like to live and work in Grinnell with these videos produced by the Grinnell College Office of Communications and the Office of Community Enhancement and Engagement .
New Delhi : Petrol price was on Sunday hiked by Rs 1.29 per litre while diesel rate was increased by Rs 0.97 per litre . Revised prices will take effect from midnight . The revision in rates announced is excluding VAT .
After the revision , petrol would cost Rs 70.60 per litre in the national capital , while diesel will be sold at Rs 57.82 per litre . The rates were last revised on December 16 , when petrol was increased by Rs 2.21 a litre while diesel was hiked by Rs 1.79 per litre .
Earlier in the day , aviation turbine fuel ( ATF ) or jet fuel price was hiked by a steep 8.6 per cent and subsidized LPG rate raised by Rs 2 per cylinder which is the eighth increase in cooking gas price in seven months .
The subsidized LPG rate was hiked by Rs 2 per 14.2-kg cylinder and it would now cost Rs 434.71 a cylinder as against Rs 432.71 previously .
Justin Turner 's three-run home run and Yasiel Puig 's double in the first has given the Dodgers a lead early in the game . A.J . Pollock 's homer in the third got Arizona on the board .
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers , including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough .
PULLMAN , Wash. ( AP ) — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for his senior season .
Franks , the Pac-12 's Most Improved Player last season , announced Wednesday that he would return .
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent . His return is good news for Washington State , which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer .
Last season , Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game . He was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
MUMBAI : Everyone wants to be a musician , artiste or a cool rockstar . We all have our favourites be it Beyonce , Elvis Presley , or closer to home likes of Sonu Nigam or be an impression of Ranbir Kapoor in Rockstar . It 's easy to dress up like one and behave like one too , what 's the difficult part is to be an actual one . The lessons for music are never-ending , but there are few basics which need to be in place before you start realising or giving up on your dream . While many starts , few continue and very few actually hit the mark . The reason for such little conversion can be few myths and lack of general information .
Difference in the words Casio and synthesizer : Ok this is basic . And not knowing this might not hamper your music education but knowing this is important for your music IQ . We hear all the time ; my son/daughter play Casio . This sentence is equivalent to saying get a Xerox . Xerox is the company name that manufactures photocopiers ; similarly , while you say , ‘ I play Casio ' , you are playing the company not the instrument . The instrument in question here are many that are produced by the company-Keyboards especially .
My hands/fingers are too small : Anyone who has had a dream to be a rockstar has imagined themselves with a guitar . However , many have given up on the dream to play guitar , because they think they have small fingers and hands . While long hands and fingers play an advantage , smaller ones ca n't stop you from playing guitar either . A good teacher and love for the instrument is enough . The legend goes even Jimi Hendrix , one of the most influential electric guitar players , had relatively smaller hands . Australian Guitarist Angus Young is a good example of a guitarist with small hands . So , go pick up your guitar and start strumming .
I do n't have a good voice : Having a good voice is as important for singing as a pretty face for acting . It 's an added advantage , but without expression and emotion , it is of little use for the art . There are many singers who did n't have the quintessential voice but with sheer practice and intention made a mark . While playback singing could differ a bit and would require naturally good voice , for singing at large , voice can be trained with immense hard work and passion .
Being a DJ is fun : of Course , it 's glamorous and fascinating . But it has its own challenges that we common people do n't and ca n't see . If you have seen a DJ at work , it is his/her energy that rubs on the crowd . Therefore , to have that adrenaline rush all the time you are on the stage is a must and there ca n't be any excuse for not having that . Not being repetitive is another major challenge . This challenge is faced by all artistes , but DJs ca n't afford it at all , as they have to engage with the audience on the spot and the vibe of the party depends on them . Being a DJ is not a hobby or easy way to get attraction of the opposite gender , it requires a lot of hard work and passion for music .
It 's truly the dog days of summer for these “ Million Dollar Listing ” stars .
A spy tells Page Six that Fredrik Eklund , 41 , and Luis Ortiz , 31 , were jetting out of Newark Airport on Tuesday and caused quite a bit of excitement in the United Airlines terminal .
“ They were super chummy walking through Terminal C and being nice and taking pictures with fans , ” the source said , adding that they stopped to pet an adorable dachshund puppy named Jellybean .
Seemingly famished from all the fanfare , Eklund and Ortiz then made their way into an airport restaurant and sat in a booth together , the spy said .
It 's unclear where the Bravo stars were traveling ahead of the Fourth of July .
76ers co-owner Michael G. Rubin , Meek Mill , and Kevin Hart
Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael G. Rubin was a vocal supporter of Meek Mill during the rapper 's recent incarceration , publicly campaigning for his release and setting up visits with members of the team as well as with Rev . Al Sharpton , NBA All-Star James Harden , and Kevin Hart . As such , it 's no surprise that Rubin personally saw to it that the Meek Mill would be able to attend the 76ers game Tuesday night hours after he was released from prison . Not only was Rubin waiting outside the prison upon Mill 's release , he flew him by helicopter so he could arrive just in time for tonight 's game .
A native of Philadelphia , Meek Mill frequently sat courtside at 76ers games before his two-to-four year prison sentence for parole violation . After arriving to the arena for tonight 's game , he met with some of the 76ers players , took a shower , and put on a Joel Embiid jersey . He then rang the team 's opening bell to kick off tonight 's festivities . Needless to say , his presence at tonight 's game should be a nice boost for the 76ers , which needs one more win in order to advance to the second round of the playoffs and continue to exceed expectations for the season .
On a related note , Meek Mill 's 2012 song “ Dreams and Nightmares ( Intro ) ” served as the Philadelphia Eagles ' unofficial anthem during their playoff run and Super Bowl victory . Several players either attended rallies or spoke out against the unfair criminal system which put imprisoned the rapper for a gun charge brought against him a decade ago .
Yup…you could say @ MeekMill and @ KevinHart4real are amped to be at Heat-Sixers Game 5 [ NSFW ] 😂 pic.twitter.com/2HAd9EJ4Xo — Sports Illustrated ( @ SInow ) April 25 , 2018
KABUL : It took a pair of landmines that severed Malek Mohammad 's legs for him to find his life 's passion for swimming in land-locked Afghanistan .
He was 11 years old when he stepped on the mines as he gathered firewood in a vacant lot in Kabul , a city still trying to recover from years of civil war .
`` When I lost my legs ... I was in a terrible condition because I did n't know about my future and I was feeling very bad , '' Mohammad , now 24 , told Reuters as he rested after swim practice on a recent morning in Kabul .
Faced with an uncertain future in a country where many war victims face lifetimes of suffering , Mohammad 's life changed when a U.S. government official arranged for him to receive treatment , physical therapy , and education in the United States .
It was there that Mohammad first learned to swim , and put him on a track to what he hopes will eventually be sporting glory at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` I hope to be selected there to represent my country , because the amputee community are looking at me , '' Mohammad said .
His dreams of competing in the Olympics have been dashed before , when he failed to make the cut for the summer games in London in 2012 .
He hopes that a good showing in the World Para Swimming Championships in Mexico City in September will help him get close to his dream .
Nothing in Afghanistan is easy , however .
Mohammad says his application to the Mexico games has been delayed by conflicting details on his identification papers , a common problem in Afghanistan where many people , including Mohammad , do n't know their exact birth date and other information .
The team members hope to follow 18-year-old Abbas Karimi , who recently qualified for Mexico while living and training in the United States .
The lack of resources for a world-class training programme makes it difficult for the members of the Afghan paralympic swimming team who do n't have access to international facilities and support .
Three members of the team , all with amputations from war wounds , train in small public pools with little government support .
They are coached by Mohammad Jawad , a veteran javelin thrower , who volunteers his time to help .
`` Malek is a talented person and he has already competed in international competitions , but this time if he does his best efforts , God willing , I am sure he can achieve great things for his country at the Olympic Games as well , '' said Jawad .
COMFORT IN SWIMMING
Like many Afghans , Mohammad has been caught in the increasing global tensions as fighting sends hundreds and thousands fleeing .
His prosthetic legs have begun to wear after eight years , and a clinic in the United States has offered to provide treatment .
Mohammad 's application for an American visa was denied last year , however , with the State Department saying he had not proved that he would willingly return to Afghanistan .
He is working to reapply for a visa , but with several high-profile cases of Afghans using visas to seek asylum in the West , it is not clear that he will be able to get the treatment he needs .
No matter what happens , Mohammad says the pool has become a comforting place , because in the water it does not matter that he lost his legs .
`` Winning or losing the game is not important for me because this is a pride for me that despite losing my legs I can swim and feel myself relaxed in the water , '' he said .
He has become a minor celebrity in Afghanistan and internationally , proudly mentioning the time he met former U.S. president George H.W . Bush .
Mohammad and his family still express surprise at how his potentially life-ending injury changed his life .
`` I was hopeless and crying , '' said his mother , Bibi Sabza Gul . `` Imagine when you see your son lose two legs and covered with blood . ''
Now those horrible memories have faded , she said .
`` I 'm really happy seeing my son improving day by day in his career . He is helping his sisters and brothers and encouraging them in sports so I am not concerned about him anymore . ''
( Writing by Josh Smith ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
An aerial view of the Vatican with St. Peter 's Basilica is seen in this file photo . The McDonald 's opened Friday in the Pio Borgo district of Rome , about 100 yards from the Vatican State , the Catholic Press Agency reported .
A new McDonald 's has opened up in a Vatican-owned building and not everyone is lovin ' it .
The McDonald 's opened Friday in the Pio Borgo district of Rome , about 100 yards from the Vatican State , the Catholic Press Agency reported Sunday .
While the opening was low-key , the move faced criticism when it was first announced . The `` McVatican , '' as has it has been dubbed , will reportedly pay the the Vatican 's property supervisor more than $ 30,000 a month to occupy the building 's bottom floor .
Several senior cardinals also live in the building .
50 Cent crushed it — literally — at a performance on Saturday night , accidentally stepping on and breaking $ 1,000 worth of DJ equipment .
Spies said the “ In da Club ” rapper put on a 15-song set at Miami 's Ora nightclub during a pop-up party thrown by celeb-favorite karaoke spot Blind Dragon .
But when Fiddy “ jumped from the speaker to a VIP table and to the top of the DJ booth , he landed right on the mixer , ” a spy says .
Luckily , “ it was seamlessly replaced , and his show continued . ”
The remorseful rapper offered to pay for the pricey equipment , but club owner Ryan Van Milligen declined .
“ The broken mixer was worth every penny , ” he tells us . “ He 's welcome to come back and jump on our DJ equipment anytime . He literally brought down the house — no pun intended ! ”
North Charleston Police say they have taken a 17-year-old and a 20-year-old into custody after an early-morning shooting .
Police responded at about 1 a.m. to the 7000 block of Park Gate Drive to investigate reports of shots fired , police spokesman Spencer Pryor said .
`` Responding officers heard gunfire as they approached the location and saw the suspect vehicle roll backward into a yard then flee the scene , '' Pryor said .
Officers found a male victim lying in the yard suffering from a wound . That victim was pronounced dead on the scene , Pryor said .
During the search for suspects , police were notified about a vehicle traveling on the opposite side of Dorchester Road , which led to a chase , he said .
The suspect vehicle crashed into four vehicles and the pair then fled on foot before being captured in the area of Buck Pond Road and Rosin Drive , Pryor said .
The investigation is ongoing .
Copyright 2017 WCSC . All rights reserved .
EDWARDSVILLE | The Edwardsville Children 's Museum will host its sixth annual A Night at the Races fundraising event on Saturday , May 5 , at Fox Creek Golf Course . The event raises money to support operating costs for the Edwardsville Children 's Museum and its newest planned addition , the Discovery Garden .
Museum Executive Director Lindley White said this year 's event will feature a new venue , new food and new entertainment . Doors will open at 4 p.m. and guests will be able to watch the Kentucky Derby live while enjoying food and drinks .
“ A Night at the Races continues to be our primary fundraising event for the year , and there are so many new and exciting projects happening at the Edwardsville Children 's Museum right now , ” White said . “ Our Discovery Garden , which will be an outdoor classroom and play area , is projected to break ground later this year . We 're also working to offer even more field trips and educational opportunities for local children . We hope that everyone who loves the Edwardsville Children 's Museum and the programming we offer will come to A Night at the Races and show their support . ”
People can purchase tickets by going to the museum 's website or calling ( 618 ) 692-2094 . Tickets are $ 75 per person and include food , beer , and wine . A premium ticket , which includes access to the bourbon bar , is $ 100 . Sponsorship opportunities are also available .
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
An Oklahoma House Special Investigation Committee will meet Monday with three state officials about allegations of financial mismanagement at the Oklahoma Department of Health .
Last week , acting director of the Department of Health Preston Doerflinger , acting director of the Office of Management and Enterprise Services Denise Northrup and the Governor Fallin 's Chief of Staff Chris Benge all agreed to meet with the committee .
In November , the chairman of the House Special Investigation Committee issued subpoenas for Doerflinger , Northrup and Benge .
The committee is seeking answers to dozens of questions about financial problems at the Department of Health as well as records in the offices of the governor and OMES relating to the health department and other executive agencies .
That meeting will be streamed live on the Internet starting at 9:30 a.m .
Oklahoma House Special Investigation Committee meeting .
A Peterborough performer will use Walford 's past to tell the story of his own youth on the small screen this weekend .
Ross Sutherland , from Fletton , has dug deep into the BBC archives for to find an old edition of EastEnders for his TV show ‘ Missing Episode , ' which will be broadcast on BBC2 on Saturday .
Ross ( 37 ) said : “ The Arts Council and the BBC have been working to bring back the old ‘ Play for the Day . ' There has been a long tradition of theatre on TV , but it was dropped a few years back .
“ There is a series of dramas and performance being broadcast , with some performers with experimental styles given time .
“ The story I am telling is from October 7 , 1997 - exactly 20 years before Saturday . I was involved in a car crash - I was a passenger , and the car flipped and crashed into the sign for an Indian Restaurant . Thankfully , no one was hurt .
“ I was 17 at the time , and I remember little of being a teenager , so I am using the episode to fill in the gaps of remembering what it was like being a 17-year-old back in 1997 . ”
Ross has taken the EastEnders ' episode broadcast on that night - which he had watched before heading out - and uses the show to tell the story of the night .
He said : “ It is a half hour programme that starts as a film criticism and slowly turns into a musical story .
“ I tell the story of the crash through the episode , taking what happens on the screen as a metaphor for what was going on in my life at the time . ”
To make the show , Ross has viewed the EastEnders ' episode more than 100 times over the past six months , learning the script and the actions inside and out .
He said : “ At times my words are synchronised with the footage - there is no short cut to doing it . ”
The piece is the latest Ross has worked on , having had a programme about wrestling broadcast on BBC Radio 4 last month , and written a palinndromic play which was performed in London theatres last year - where each line in the first half of the play is mirrored in the second half -but he said Saturday 's show is likely to be his biggest audience .
He said ; “ I 've tried to put the audience size out of my mind - I have never done anything on this scale before - it helps I 've been working with a fantastic team , and worked with the director before .
“ I think I will be watching the show at a screening in London with the rest of the team on Saturday .
“ But by the time it is broadcast I think I will be in the pub . ”
lMissing Episode will be broadcast at 10.30pm on BBC 2 on Saturday , October 7 .
Leftists love to signal their superior virtue by showing exaggerated concern over any event that could possibly upset one of the snowflakes . Such was the case at Georgetown recently . A message in an elevator triggered a “ bias incident ” report . Naturally , the whole university 's bureaucracy sprang into action , ready to help any students who might have been frightened .
In this Martin Center commentary , Georgetown professor John Hasnas wonders if the school 's reaction was n't way overboard , actually making things worse . Hasnas reflects on an old Simon and Garfunkel song about a pathetic man waiting for his chance to scrawl graffiti in a train station and writes , “ There is little that we can do to eliminate this sort of behavior short of having 1984 style surveillance of all public spaces . There is much that we can do to increase the incidence of such behavior , however . ”
Why not just cover over the graffiti — a swastika — and forget about it ? Well , academic progressives need incidents like this so they can pretend that their world is terribly threatened by dark forces .
Hasnas continues ,
Someone etched a swastika on an elevator wall . The University is using this occurrence as an opportunity to trumpet how strongly it condemns hatred , how committed it is to inclusiveness , how rigorous its Code of Student Conduct is , how accessible its Bias Reporting System and how professional its Bias Reporting Team is , how concerned with its students ' psychological well-being its Counseling and Psychiatric Services is , and generally how committed it is to all things good and noble . It is not clear how sending a broadcast e-mail to the entire University addresses the actual problem , but that does not seem to be the point of the exercise .
No — they just want to show that they 're utterly dedicated progressives .
In all likelihood , I think , this was another of the many hoaxes that have been perpetrated by college leftists to get attention . Are there actually any Nazis enrolled at Georgetown ? The idea is absurd .
Hasnas concludes by asking , “ So how about the next time someone etches a swastika in an elevator or writes a hateful or profane poem on a bathroom wall , we just quietly paint over it and go about our business ? ”
Ellen DeGeneres has become a ‘ smother mother ' for Justin Bieber – but he thinks it 's too much .
The talk show host is worried that her protégé is hanging out with the wrong crowd and is being poorly advised .
But RadarOnline.com can reveal that her pleas are falling on deaf ears .
PHOTOS : Justin Bieber Shows Off Sexy Side For Calvin Klein
A source revealed : “ She 's desperately worried about him and has this fear that he 's surrounded by all the wrong people .
“ Ellen 's been burning up his phone 24-7 , asking if she can introduce him to a better team of advisors , even help with his lifestyle choices and telling him to cut certain characters out of his life .
“ She does care about Justin and she has a right to be worried , because he 's off the deep end right now .
“ But she 's gotten way too overbearing . She blows up his phone 24/7 , to the point where he 's been ignoring her calls and politely texting her to give him space . ”
PHOTOS : Celebs Line Up To Take Jabs At Justin Bieber 's Antics During Comedy Central Roast
DeGeneres has intervened when Bieber has gone off the rails in the past while featuring him on her show several times .
When Seth Rogen posted on Twitter that he disliked Bieber she encouraged the comic to apologize to him on live television .
While the Canadian singer spoke about his poor behavior followed by a Facebook apology to his fans .
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at 800-344-9598 any time , day or night .
Or maybe you 've lived here 20 years , worked downtown for 10 , and still ca n't navigate the skyway 's latticework of walking paths without occasionally stopping and wondering if you 've passed that Carbiou-next-to-a-bank before ... or if every Caribou-next-to-a-bank just looks the same .
Relax , we 've got you covered . We bring you the only Minneapolis skyway map you need , courtesy of Brandon Hundt , a local design/user experience professional and writer , who in early 2017 explored the city 's `` love/hate relationship '' with its skyway system .
Hundt 's write-up focused on the skyways ' signage , which is not only difficult to follow , but outdated . ( A photo recently floated online showing an arrow that indicated the direction one would turn to get to the Metrodome . )
But Hundt also fashioned his own user 's map , having determined the city 's official version `` almost impossible to follow . '' He acknowledged that 's probably because a literally interpreted , geographically accurate rendering of a skyway is not easily done .
His map sheds these strictures and focuses on three key factors : current location , route , and destination .
Hundt 's map is color-coded , with each color indicating a given `` route '' from one destination to another , which could allow a walker to imagine themselves taking the `` orange line '' from the downtown Hilton , then turning onto the `` blue line , '' toward U.S. Bank Stadium . We 're sad to report the city of Minneapolis has yet to redo the signage to reflect this color scheme ; apparently City Pages has no pull in this town .
Still , the map is an elegantly simple solution to a messy problem , which , much as some might wish it , is not going away any time soon . Certainly not by Monday .
Click here to view a large PDF version of Hundt 's map . Let it guide you to what you seek , and away from what you seek to avoid .
The demand for gift cards fluctuates from year to year , and Connecticut Better Business Bureau says this year 's forecasts reveal a strong demand for them .
A survey last year from financial publisher Bankrate found more than half of us intend to buy at least one gift card as a present , but only 27 percent of people prefer to receive a gift card as opposed to a tangible item .
“ Gift cards have been one of the most popular holiday presents for decades and that has not changed , ” according to Connecticut BBB spokesman Howard Schwartz . “ What has changed is the way consumers intend to spend money this holiday season , whether they buy a gift card for someone else or for themselves . That freedom is one of the reasons for cards ' popularity . ”
The market research company NPD Group 's 2017 Holiday Purchase Intentions Study reveals 39 percent of consumers plan to purchase so-called experiential gifts this holiday season . Those are gifts such as wine tastings , concert tickets , and spa treatments , and gift cards are a convenient way to pay for those .
Gift cards are also popular with retailers . Historically , three out of four people spend more money than the value of the card .
If you receive a gift card as a present but do n't want it , there are websites that allow you to buy or sell gift cards . Cards with the highest trade-in value are from gas stations , retail chains and grocery stores . They usually sell for 80 to 90 cents on the dollar , while less popular cards can go for half their face value or less . Check out gift card exchange websites at bbb.orgto verify if they are legitimate and have any complaints .
BBB offers some tips to help you get the most out of your gift cards :
Buy them where an employee can see them — If the gift cards are on a rack out of view — a thief can tamper with them , transfer the value of the card and then return it to the rack .
Use them or lose them — As much as 10 percent of gift cards are never redeemed because they get misplaced , forgotten or lost . Another reason to use them as soon as possible is in case a business shuts down and the card can not be used .
Treat your card like cash — If the card is lost or stolen , contact the issuer immediately . Some will re-issue a card for a fee but others will not . That is another reason to include the original receipt with the gift card before you give it .
Be very careful buying from an individual — If someone is selling gift cards online through a classified ad site for example , you risk buying a stolen , counterfeit or empty card without any opportunity to get your money back in the event of fraud .
Some cards have fees — This applies to cards issued by banks . They can charge fees for inactivity if they are not used within 12 months . In contrast , under Connecticut law , gift cards can not have an expiration date or inactivity fees , even if the card is purchased from another state .
Find additional holiday tips at bbb.org .
A federal appeals court reduced by US $ 2 million the legal fees that Sears Holdings Corp and Whirlpool Corp must pay to settle a class action lawsuit over defective washing machines . The reason : the case was not that complicated .
REUTERS : A federal appeals court reduced by US $ 2 million the legal fees that Sears Holdings Corp and Whirlpool Corp must pay to settle a class action lawsuit over defective washing machines . The reason : the case was not that complicated .
The 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago on Monday cut to US $ 2.7 million from US $ 4.77 million the sum owed to the plaintiffs ' lawyers .
Shoppers alleged that Whirlpool-manufactured front-loading washing machines they had bought at Sears , under the Whirlpool and Kenmore brands , were prone to failure because of defective control units and mold .
A lower court judge last September cited the `` presence of novel and complex legal issues '' as a factor to justify awarding the plaintiffs ' lawyers 1.75 times the base fees they charged . Such multipliers are common in class action settlements .
Circuit Judge Richard Posner , however , said the appeals court was `` puzzled '' by the `` questionable '' decision to award a multiplier , given that a case 's novelty and complexity was typically reflected in base fees .
The lower court judge `` concluded that for the most part the case was n't very complex - it was just about whether or not Sears had sold defective washing machines , '' Posner wrote .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lawyers for the plaintiffs did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
The settlement followed nine years of litigation . Damages have not been determined , but Sears and Whirlpool have estimated that the total payout to class members may not exceed US $ 900,000 .
In a joint statement , Sears and Whirlpool said the appeals court correctly reduced the `` excessive and unreasonable '' fee award , and said fees in similar cases should generally be lower than sums the plaintiffs recover .
The case is In re : Sears , Roebuck and Co Front-Loading Washer Products Liability Litigation , 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , No . 16-3554 .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
Accusing the Congress of minority appeasement , BJP president Amit Shah said that a spokesperson for the party , Charan Singh Sapra , had asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to visit the Jama Masjid to seek forgiveness for the 2002 Gujarat riots . He added that the allegations which were made by Congress-backed NGOs were rejected by the Supreme Court .
`` The entire country knows that the allegations by Congress-backed NGOs against Modi regarding the 2002 riots were rejected by the Supreme Court . But this Congress leader in 2017 , for the sake of vote bank politics , is asking Modi to go to the Jama Masjid to apologise for the 2002 riots , '' Shah said .
According to News18 , Congress leader Sapra had asked Modi to `` apologise in Jama Masjid '' like Sonia Gandhi had done in Amritsar 's Golden Temple , during a media event .
“ Neither my party nor do I support the 1984 ( anti-Sikh ) riots . Sonia Gandhi visited Golden Temple and apologised in front of the media . Manmohan Singh also apologised in the Parliament . In the last 33 years , the BJP has been adding insult to our injury . Can Modi visit the Jama Masjid and apologise for 1992 riots ? ” the Congress leader from Punjab had reportedly said .
Shah also said that the party had deployed its leader Salman Nizami to campaign in Gujarat . `` Nizami believes in freedom of Kashmir and has made statements that Afzals ( 2001 Indian Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru ) would be born in every home of the state , '' Shah said .
Shah also said the BJP is fighting the Gujarat polls only on the plank of development .
The first phase of Gujarat Assembly polls , covering 89 seats , was held on Saturday , while the second and final round of voting will take place on 14 December .
With inputs from PTI
Click here for detailed coverage of Gujarat Assembly Election 2017
An elderly widow who worked as a manghihilot ( masseuse therapist ) was blinded by a former job order worker at her home in Barangay Sawang Calero , Cebu City at past 10 a.m. yesterday .
Faustina Gilay was rushed to the Cebu City Medical Center ( CCMC ) after the suspect Manuel Sumalpong gouged her eyes out in her living room , Sawang Calero barangay chairman Ariel Yburan said .
Yburan said the incident began when Sumalpong visited Gilay and asked if she could give him a massage .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gilay , who was alone at home , declined Sumalpong 's request saying she was not feeling well .
Angered by her refusal , Sumalpong attacked the victim by holding her down , grabbing her neck and gouging her eyes out .
Her screams for help were heard by her neighbors who went to her home and watched in horror as Sumalpong clawed and plucked her eyes out .
Among those who witnessed the attack was Walter Jayson , husband of one of Gilay 's granddaughters .
Alfie Pia , the victim 's 20-year-old grandson , tried to pacify the suspect but Sumalpong chased him and then fled the house .
Yburan said they tracked down Sumalpong to a nearby lotto outlet .
He ran but was cornered in Barangay Taboan where he was lynched by some bystanders , one of whom hit him on the head with a metal pipe .
Sumalpong was also admitted to the CCMC for treatment .
Seized from Sumalpong 's possession was a pack of solvent .
Yburan said he heard that the suspect had been acting strangely a few days before the incident .
“ He was problematic after he lost his job . He also had a problem with his wife who wanted their marriage annulled , ” Yburan said .
He said some neighbors also noticed Sumalpong talking to himself prior to the attack .
“ He was complaining that some people were out to arrest him , ” Jayson said .
The suspect is a former job-order worker assigned at Cebu City Hall 's Department of Engineering and Public Works ( DEPW ) .
Yburan told reporters that he knew the suspect as a good man but he was a frequent marijuana user .
: Pope Francis on Friday denounced the proliferation of adult and child pornography on the internet and demanded better protections for children online even as the Vatican confronts its own cross-border child porn investigation involving a top papal envoy.Francis met with participants of a Catholic Church-backed international conference on fighting child pornography and protecting children in the digital age.He fully backed their proposals to toughen sanctions against those who abuse and exploit children online and improve technological filters to prevent young people from accessing porn online.Francis said the Catholic Church knew well the `` grave error '' of trying to conceal the problem of sexual abuse a reference to the church 's long history of having priests who rape and molest children and bishops who cover up for them . Several well-known cases have involved priests having child porn , or photographing their victims.Francis said an international , cross-disciplinary approach was needed to protect children from the dark net and the `` corruption of their minds and violence against their bodies . `` Using terms that are certainly new to papal lexicon , Francis denounced `` extreme pornography '' on the web that adults , and increasingly children consume , and the increasing use of `` sexting '' and `` sextortion '' among the estimated 800 million minors who navigate the internet . `` We would be seriously deluding ourselves were we to think that a society where an abnormal consumption of internet sex is rampant among adults could be capable of effectively protecting minors , '' he said .
MOSCOW : Brazil winger Neymar is a world class footballer who does not need to exaggerate when his is fouled because it does not earn him any sympathy with the fans , former Germany captain and World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said on Wednesday .
Neymar , who has scored twice so far to help Brazil into the World Cup quarter-finals in Russia where they will face Belgium on Friday , has been sharply criticised for a string of exaggerated reactions when clashing with an opponent .
Advertisement
`` Neymar does not need it . He is an excellent player , one of the five best players in the world , '' the 57-year-old Matthaeus , who won the 1990 world Cup with West Germany , told reporters . `` Why does he need the acting ?
`` It does not bring him sympathy . ( 1986 World Cup winner ) Diego Maradona was not acting , ( Argentina captain ) Lionel Messi is not acting . We need players like Neymar but not the acting . ''
Matthaeus said it was up to referees to put a stop to it , adding that during his playing days Colombia 's Carlos Valderrama was one such culprit but now there were just too many .
`` I remember Colombia ( against England on Tuesday ) how they were acting , '' he said . England beat Colombia 4-3 on penalties in a bad-tempered game that was almost constantly interrupted with referee Mark Geiger booking six Colombians and two English players .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` In the 1990s they had one Carlos Valderrama , now Colombia have six . I do n't like this provocation and acting and I can not understand why a player likes to cheat . With video assistant referees ( VAR ) this should not be possible . ''
Matthaeus also blamed Geiger for not punishing players for it .
`` You have to cut this . He ( Geiger ) forgot to cut it at the right time . He let them ( Colombians ) do it . ''
Geiger awarded England a penalty in the 57th minute but Harry Kane needed to wait several minutes before taking it as Colombian players had surrounded the referee , disputing his decision .
`` With the penalty we missed three minutes of football because of the discussions . We do n't need this acting . We want to see football games , people always come to watch a football game . If they want acting they should go somewhere else , '' the German said .
Matthaeus , however , had only praise for the England side and their brand of quick football .
`` England played very well yesterday . These are high level players and the English national team profits from coaches in the Premier League working with these young players . They also learned how to shoot penalties , '' he added .
`` This young generation , they are believing in themselves . They do not play kick and rush . They like to play out of the defence . This is the style of the English clubs . ''
( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann ; Editing by Christian Radnedge )
Let 's give it this much : Jacques Doillon 's tough-sit , sex-life-of-the-artist boob-a-palooza looks great , especially in its opening moments . Rodin 's first scene , an arresting long take , finds the great sculptor Auguste Rodin ( Vincent Lindon ) thinking in his wide cinder block of a studio , scheming out a great work that would take him decades to complete : The Gates of Hell , inspired by Dante 's Inferno . The hands and heads of the damned — sculpted by students and assistants — surround him . As those students and assistants bustle through , the scene and the screen pulse with a convincing sense of place , a sense that we 're glimpsing a first-rate rendition of what it might truly have been like . It 's the kind of sequence that might give you hope for virtual reality technology : What if we could pause the story of Rodin and instead just wander around in its world ?
The story kicks in before that shot cuts off . Rodin marches to a side room , where a young woman , his student , is toiling . It 's clear , immediately , that the woman — Camille Claudel ( Izia Higelin ) — is also his lover , and that their relationship is as prickly as it is passionate . What 's less clear , at first , is that she is gripped by her own genius , a fact the film 's only tangentially interested in . It really does n't care , much , about what women do with their clothes on .
Unlike Bruno Nuytten 's Camille Claudel , Doillon 's film only shows us Claudel as Rodin knew her : as the one lump of clay or flesh he ca n't shape himself . Other than the sets and facsimiles of sculptures , Higelin is the most engaging thing in Rodin , its heat and its heart . Her Claudel at first is all eagerness and promise , dancing high-spirited rings around her older , often inexpressive lover . She 's electric , hilarious , and you 'll likely not doubt for a moment why he spends the next years of his life moping over her once the affair goes sour . You might mope , too , when she 's suddenly gone from the movie — when we 're left to regard the miserable moments of a miserable man . She leaves for many reasons , the most interesting being her desire to be recognized for her own art , which inspires the best scene here : She shows Rodin her sculpture The Waltz , and then the pair dance themselves , while she hums a tune . But the conflict does n't get developed , really . Sometimes they yell at each other , and then she 's just gone .
US pop star Lady Gaga Saturday announced she had cancelled the last 10 shows of the European leg of her world tour due to “ severe pain . ”
In a statement posted on Twitter , the Grammy award-winning singer told fans she was “ devastated ” but said the decision to cancel the dates on her Joanne World Tour — her fifth headlining tour — was “ beyond her control . ”
“ My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home , ” she said .
“ I need to put myself and my well-being first , ” she added .
Shows affected include dates in London , Paris and Berlin , as well as Stockholm , Zurich and Copenhagen .
Dates in Cologne , Germany and c were also halted .
It comes after the “ Born This Way ” singer cancelled another show in Rio de Janeiro in September after being hospitalized , also due to severe pain .
Lady Gaga , who shot to global fame in 2008 with her hit debut single “ Just Dance , ” has previously revealed she suffers from the chronic pain condition fibromyalgia .
Today , it seems antiquated to walk up to a box office and buy tickets to an event . If you oversee your organization 's ticket sales , the evolving options and fees might seem overwhelming . Here 's what you need to know to promote and sell your extraordinary event .
Do the Math — the REAL Math
Beware of ticketing platforms with low fees for you ; they may charge your customers instead , at up to 30 percent of the ticket price . In other words , a $ 10 ticket could cost your customer up to $ 13 . A $ 100 ticket could cost $ 130 – and that starts to pinch .
Indeed , online ticket providers have a menu of complex pricing tactics to make money :
Venue Fees : flat fees charged at checkout that are not advertised to the customer in advance .
flat fees charged at checkout that are not advertised to the customer in advance . Service Charges : extra fees split between the event host and the ticket seller , but also not advertised to the customer in advance .
extra fees split between the event host and the ticket seller , but also not advertised to the customer in advance . Platform Fee : fees paid by the event host , typically ranging from 7 to 20 percent of gross profit .
fees paid by the event host , typically ranging from 7 to 20 percent of gross profit . Digital Delivery Fee : fees paid by the host or the customer . Snail mail shipping fees might make sense , but when tickets are delivered by an email voucher , why should anyone pay extra ?
fees paid by the host or the customer . Snail mail shipping fees might make sense , but when tickets are delivered by an email voucher , why should anyone pay extra ? Redemption Fee : per-ticket fees charged to the event host for marking off tickets .
Know in advance what fees are in your share of the ticket sales , and what 's passed along to the customer — then decide if the partnership is worth it .
GA Ai n't the Only Way
General admission ( GA ) tickets offer a set profit margin . Every ticket sold helps pay for the event and returns perhaps 10 to 20 percent as profit . But your margin can go sky-high with a VIP-level experience that might include perks such as :
Access to special parking
Access to roped-off or special areas
Meet-and-greet opportunities
Food and/or drink tickets
Swag ( T-shirt or other item not available to the general public )
Pre- or post-party
Better seating sections
Extra Money for Extra Marketing ?
Yes , please . About 20 percent of your budget should go to marketing . But what if cash is tight ? Look for big targeted marketing opportunities such as Entercom 's Get My PERKS , a lifestyle marketplace where our radio stations sell event tickets , station merchandise , and client-based goods and services to our dedicated listener base .
Using a product such as Get My PERKS is smart , because radio 's built-in megaphone reaches 93 percent of the U.S. population every week . As the country 's # 1 reach medium , radio provides a lower-cost and higher-yield solution to market your event .
Consider a program such as PERKS PLUS that allows you to create a marketing budget with every ticket you sell . For example :
If your share of the ticket sale is $ 22.00 , you can take some or all of that ( with a 25 % bonus ) and invest it in additional Entercom marketing . If you invested half of your share and you sold 500 tickets :
$ 11.00 x 25 % = $ 13.75
$ 13.75 x 500 = $ 6,875 in Entercom marketing
You can increase your margin by increasing the shipping and handling charge to the customer . Entercom will help you determine the best way to do this according to the low-cost limits we set for our customers and your Entercom marketing expert will also discuss terms for the use of the system and marketing .
Get Your Marketing Perks with Entercom 's Get My PERKS
Your next event can be tied to your favorite radio brand , and we can help you build a marketing budget to make that happen . Here are some capabilities included in all our event marketing packages :
GA tickets
Assigned seat selection ( at a one-time $ 250 seat-mapping fee )
Group rates
On-site redemption
On-site and day-of credit card sales
If you want to grow your event , increase your marketing budget , and connect to your best potential audience , contact one of our marketing and event specialists to help solidify your strategy .
Agartala : Former Tripura BJP chief Ronajoy Kumar Deb has resigned from the party after being denied a ticket for the 18 February state polls .
Ronajoy Kumar Deb was BJP 's Tripura Pradesh President for five years from 2001 .
In his letter to state party president Biplab Kumar Deb , he said : `` Since the party has decided not to nominate me from the Bagbasa Assembly constituency ( in northern Tripura ) in the assembly elections ... I have decided to resign from the party . ''
Deb had written his resignation letter on 27 January but released it to the media on Saturday .
Terming the resignation as `` unfortunate and unexpected '' , BJP spokesman Mrinal Kanti Deb said he had joined the party in early 80 's and had worked a lot for it . `` He should not quit the party over mere denial of party ticket . ''
The BJP is contesting 51 seats in the 60-member Tripura Assembly . It has left nine seats for its electoral ally , the Indigenous People 's Front of Tripura ( IPFT ) , a tribal-based party agitating for creation of a separate state containing Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council areas .
Meanwhile , state BJP President Biplab Kumar Deb on Saturday claimed that around 1,635 supporters of ruling Communist Party of India-Marxist and other parties joined the BJP on Saturday .
PBA : Abueva cites family problem for his no-show
3 SHARES Share Tweet
Alaska forward Calvin Abueva pointed to a family problem as the reason why he missed a game with the Aces .
That was also his reason why he was a no-show in some Gilas practices and why he changed his jersey No . 8 to 88 .
“ The past three weeks , sobrang lungkot ko sa nangyari sa family ko , ” said the energetic Abueva .
“ Kaya pinalitan ko yung number ko , ” added the 29-year-old Abueva , who had a double-double effort of 21 points and 15 rebounds in Alaska 's 93-75 win against the Phoenix Fuel Masters in the PBA Philippine Cup last Wednesday at the Mall of Asia ( MOA ) Arena in Pasay City .
The win of Alaska stretched its streak to five games as it improve its record to 5-2 , half-game behind defending champion San Miguel Beer and Magnolia Hotshots Pambansang Manok – both with 5-1 cards .
Abueva missed Alaska 's game against Blackwater last Saturday , and he failed to attend the practice sessions of the national team that is preparing for the second window of FIBA Asia qualifier this month against Australia and Japan for the 2019 FIBA World Cup in China .
There were persistent rumors that one of his kids has leukemia , but Abueva and wife Sam – in a story by Spin.PH – clarified that all their children are healthy and not one of them is ill .
League observers speculate too that his marriage is on the rocks . Abueva did not mention anything about his marriage , but he is motivated to continue to improve his performance with the Aces .
“ Nakuha ko yung motivation ko kung ano yung pinaghirapan ko the last three weeks . Nabuhay ako sa sarili ko na maging masaya . Masayang-masaya ako ngayon . Kinuha ko itong No . 88 para ang 2018 the best part of my life… kahit hindi na sa love life , ” said Abueva .
Related
comments
The Yoruba movie industry has recorded its first death of 2017 as one of its own , Toyin Majekodunmi , died today .
The veteran actress , popularly known as Iya Kike in Yoruba movie circles , died on Monday .
The cause of her death is not yet officially announced .
Married to a fellow actor , Solomon Majekodunmi aka ‘ Baba Kekere ' , the news of her death was shared by actress and movie producer , Bimbo Success .
Repeated calls to her husband were not answered but a top Yoruba actress cum producer , Bose Alao , who is close to the couple , told PREMIUM TIMES in a telephone chat , that her death was health-related .
The late Mrs. Majekodunmi featured in numerous Yoruba movies and often starred alongside her husband .
Prior to launching her movie career , she worked with the Lagos State Ministry of Information for many years .
Her husband also worked in International Banking Division Department at First Bank Plc .
NBC staff have been celebrating the life of the late Salomon Salath //Hoeseb , since his death on Saturday .
Emotional staff of the NBC observed a moment of silence at NBC radio headquarters on Tuesday morning in honour of late Salomon Salath //Hoeseb .
Oxfam , a Non-Governmental Organisation , on Thursday in Abuja , appealed to the Nigerian government and private donors to support its mission to assist Internally Displaced Persons in the country .
Aurora Mathieu , the Lake Chad Basin Campaign Manager and Media Officer of Oxfam , made the appeal on the sideline of an event tagged ” a Poetry Night and Photo Exhibition ' organised by the organisation in Abuja .
Mathieu said that conflict was real and was currently ongoing in the North East of the country , and that was why the organisation saw the need to call on the general public for support .
She said that Oxfam was making efforts to sensitise the public in an attempt to reach out to people working in private sectors , NGO 's , agencies and donors .
Mathieu said : “ The message is that the situation is bad for thousands of people in the North East , they 're hungry ; they do not have shelters and are mostly displaced .
“ People are having the impressions that the conflict is over and that Boko Haram has been defeated , which really is not the case because people are still suffering . ”
According to her , Oxfam is making the efforts to pass the message that the conflict is still there and people are still suffering and action needs to be taken .
Mathieu commended the efforts of government to safeguard lives and properties of its citizens .
News Agency of Nigeria reports that Oxfam has been working in the North East region of Nigeria since 2014 and has reached over 450,000 people through provision of emergency food support , clean water and improved sanitation .
The organisation advocates protection of civilian and displaced persons who escaped from conflict-affected areas .
Budget Breakdown of the Gallegly Center Components
The cost of the Elton and Janice Gallegly Center for Public Service and Civic Engagement totals $ 3 million . This would fund the construction of the Center , endowment of fellowships , a speaker series , digitizing Congressman Gallegly 's archives and a scholar in residence program .
Out of the $ 3 million budget , $ 1.3 million has been raised thus far , said Associate Vice President of University Advancement Kristine Calara .
The $ 1.3 million breaks down into several different areas :
- $ 580,000 : cost of constructing the physical Center in the Pearson Library
There are currently different bids pending on various parts of the construction process . The company Northwest Excavating is donating time for leveling the ground , and other materials such as lumber and framing materials are expected to be partially donated as well , said Associate Vice President of Facility Operations & Planning Ryan Van Ommeren in an email interview .
“ I will add that the sound wall itself is less than 1 percent of the project budget , ” Van Ommeren said .
- $ 500,000 : estate gift from Dorothy Hammond that is in processing
- $ 111,000 : amount raised for seven fellowships
Fellowships cost approximately $ 37,000 per fellow .
- $ 98,000 : raised for speaker series
The next steps in fundraising for the remaining amount of the $ 3 million total budget are to endow the Gallegly fellowships and digitize Gallegly 's congressional archives . California Lutheran University President Chris Kimball said that endowing the fellowships and speaker series is the most important part of the next step .
“ One of the hopes is that the space , the Center itself , will get people excited and say , ‘ OK this is really going to happen , it 's really going to be there , I 'm now willing and excited to give to the fellowships , ' ” Kimball said . “ That 's been one thing that 's frankly been disappointing and one of the hopes is that people are kind of sitting on the sidelines waiting for the space will now get off the sidelines . ”
Funds that need to be raised/approved to complete the $ 3 million budget :
- $ 1 million : money needed to endow the Gallegly fellowship
To endow the fellowship would mean investing to ensure that the full-tuition fellowship for the Masters in Public Policy Administration degree continues to grow in perpetuity according to Calara and Kimball .
- $ 98,000 : grant proposal to the National Archives and Records Administration
This proposal is for a two-year plan for an archivist to sort through the approximately 450 boxes of records from Gallegly 's 13 terms in Congress , and digitize one-third of the appropriate records .
“ We 're not going to digitize everything . We 're only going to digitize the stuff that 's relevant and it will be available online , ” Calara said .
- $ 101,000 : cost to digitize the remaining two-thirds of the archives
“ [ Archiving ] is a very special field , they go through , they sort all of the files and put them all in these acid-free folders and acid-free boxes to make sure that they last forever . And then this archivist is going to determine which paper , what documents are relevant for research , ” Calara said .
Currently , construction of the Center in the Pearson Library is on hold until the end of the fall 2017 semester in response to the concerns raised by students and faculty regarding noise during finals preparation . The delayed construction means that the Center will likely be completed at the end of the spring 2018 semester .
“ They were thinking they were going to start construction in November so now we 've pushed it back so that means the completion date will be later , ” Kimball said . “ I would think at the earliest , late May . ”
Nicki Schedler
Reporter
Facebook is stepping up its modest moves into e-commerce by expanding its service for connecting local buyers and sellers into 17 new European markets , the U.S. company said on Monday .
FRANKFURT : Facebook is stepping up its modest moves into e-commerce by expanding its service for connecting local buyers and sellers into 17 new European markets , the U.S. company said on Monday .
Marketplace , which sits alongside Facebook 's mainstay newsfeed , photo , video , messaging and other services , marks fresh competition for community-based e-commerce pioneers such as Craigslist and eBay 's classifieds business .
Marketplace is being introduced this week in Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Hungary , Ireland , Italy , Luxembourg , Norway , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and the Netherlands .
Launched 10 months ago , Marketplace charges no fees to buyers or sellers and aims to make it easy for users to trade mostly second-hand goods , with the ability to post items for sale via smartphone or computer in less than 15 seconds .
Marketplace , already up and running in a handful of markets including the United States , Britain and Australia , is building on Facebook 's buy-sell groups . These draw in about 550 million monthly visitors , accounting for more than a quarter of Facebook 's 2 billion global users .
`` We want to make it easier to buy and sell , but we also want to make it community based , '' said Deborah Liu , vice president of Facebook Marketplace .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Prospective buyers can pick a radius for how far they wish to travel to collect purchases , but most transactions are local . Marketplace restricts searches within national boundaries , mainly to avoid language confusion , Liu said .
Facebook 's e-commerce push has yet to make any significant financial impact . The company posted a 45 percent rise in revenue to US $ 9.3 billion in the past quarter , nearly 98 percent of which came from advertising on its free services .
The low-key Marketplace service had 18 million items posted for sale in the United States in May , the company said , though it was unable to disclose how many items were sold because most transactions take place offline and are paid in cash .
While not an exact comparison , eBay , which operates in more than 30 countries , counted 171 million active users who completed at least one transaction in the past quarter .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
( Reporting by Eric Auchard ; Editing by David Goodman )
No fewer than 102 suspected cases of Lassa Fever have been reported in about eight local government areas of Ondo State .
The state governor , Mr Rotimi Akeredolu , who confirmed this during a state broadcast on Lassa Fever outbreak on Saturday said laboratory tests had confirmed 36 of the 79 cases tested had been infected with the deadly disease while nine death had been recorded in the state .
The governor said at present 127 Hospital Contacts and 308 Community Contacts were line-listed in all the affected Local Government Areas while thirty have completed their follow-up .
Speaking on the effort of the state governor to curtail the spread of the disease , the governor said an Emergency Preparedness and Response Team has been reactivated at both the State and Local Government levels in addition to Active Surveillance and contact tracing in the affected Local Government Areas .
He added that sensitization and community mobilization are going on in all local government areas for traditional rulers , community leaders , religious leaders , political leaders , market women and other stakeholders .
He said patients are being managed at the Federal Medical Centre , Owo , while confirmatory tests are done at Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital , Irrua , Edo State .
He said , “ Publicity is also ongoing through radio jingles , radio and television discussions in our media houses . ”
” Information , Education and Communication materials such as handbills , flyers and posters have been produced and these are being distributed . ”
Akeredolu said some vehicles have been allotted and dedicated for transportation of samples to Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospitals , Irrua , Edo State
He disclosed that state government has expanded the Infectious Disease Isolation Unit at the Federal Medical Centre , Owo , as part of the effort by his administration to curb the spread of the disease .
“ Some Personal Protective Equipment , PPE , Drugs , and hospital beds were donated to FMC , Owo to support the management of the patients . ”
“ Some Nursing Staff were also released to the Treatment Centre to support the management of the patients . ”
- Advertisement -
Evang Elliot Ugochukwu-Uko , the Deputy Secretary of Igbo Leaders of Thought , ILT , has said no amount of oppression can stop the agitation for Biafra .
Ugochukwu-Uko maintained that the agitation will continue despite Nigeria 's government declaring South-East youths as terrorists and other ensuing propaganda .
This declaration was contained in a statement signed by Ugochukwu-Uko , who is also the secretary of Eastern Consultative Assembly ( ECA ) .
The statement read : “ The ongoing narrative that the south east has been forcefully and violently pacified , is patently false . The celebrations in the villa , that certain elders has helped them quench the restructuring gale blowing through the land up till a few months ago is fiction .
“ Yes , a military invasion was carried out in second week of September at Afaraukwu , a huge propaganda onslaught was unleashed to force down a particular narrative . Yes agitators were declared terrorists . Yes agitators were also proscribed . Yes people in certain quarters clinked champagne glasses and congratulated themselves and mocked the angry youths , that their agents amongst our people have helped them , as usual , put down the agitations .
“ But nothing could be further from the truth . No matter the conspiracies in high quarters , no matter the complicity of the so-called leaders to paralyze the demand for restructuring , and by extension , ensure the sustenance of the unjust status quo , truth is , resources deployed to save the status quo by attempting to crush the agitation to restructure Nigeria , is a wasted effort .
- Advertisement -
“ Branding oppressed frustrated youths terrorists and proscribing them without addressing the real cause of their anger , which is the wicked structure of unitary Nigeria and the evil 1999 military constitution , is treating the symptoms of a disease without addressing the virus responsible for the disease . 99 % of the youths of eastern region are angry with Nigeria . Proscribing them or branding them terrorist will never solve the problem . Voting tons of money to block them and drive government narrative in the media is unhelpful .
“ Fake measures can only offer temporary relief and help officials who packaged the proposal to crush the boys , smile to the bank . All through history , all over the world , such fake measures have never truly restored peace . It can only drive the angry agitators underground .
“ We are hereby giving notice , that the agitation is not dead , the agitators have not been raptured to heaven , they are bitter , angry , and their next move unpredictable . Those deliberately delaying the restructuring of Nigeria are merely sowing the wind . We all will reap the whirlwind sooner or later .
“ This message is to the Presidency . The continued delay to restructure Nigeria will throw up consequences . The impression that the agitation secession has been crushed is false . Only an early engagement of the angry youths in a dialogue and the restructuring of Nigeria can guarantee peace . ”
Governor Kim Reynolds is signing a bill into law this afternoon that 's designed to eventually cut Iowans ' income taxes by about $ 400 million a year .
“ Generational tax reform — I 'm really excited about that , ” Reynolds said during an interview with Radio Iowa this morning .
The bill would cut individual income taxes by an average of 10 percent in 2019 . In 2020 and beyond , the tax reductions outlined in the law will only take effect if state tax collections grow by at least four percent each year .
“ I talked about in the Condition of the State that we have an obligation to pass on the savings from the federal tax reform , ” Reynolds said . “ Because of our tie to federal deductability , the fact of the matter is if we had n't done anything , Iowans were going to see their taxes go up . ”
Iowans have had the ability to take a state income tax deduction equal to the amount of federal income taxes they paid . So when federal taxes are lowered , Iowans wind up paying more in state income taxes if lawmakers do n't make adjustments . The bill Reynolds and her Republican colleagues in the legislature crafted would eventually get rid of that deduction , as it makes Iowa 's income tax rates appear higher than they are when compared to other states .
Reynolds unveiled the framework she wanted to see in a tax plan in early February , but it was n't until May 5 that Reynolds and Republican lawmakers settled on a compromise plan .
“ It 's a process , ” Reynolds said this morning , praising key legislative leaders like House Speaker Linda Upmeyer and Senate Majority Leader Jack Whitver by name . “ …They stayed at the table . We walked through it . We talked about areas where we had common ground and everybody had to give a little bit and everybody did , but everybody , I think , was very happy with the end result . ”
In late February , Senate Republicans proposed nearly a billion dollars in income tax cuts for individuals and corporations . Republicans in the House countered in March with what they called a “ more prudent ” plan that was closely aligned with the governor 's framework . In the end , elements like cutting Iowa 's corporate income tax rate are included , but do not take effect for two years and only if the state 's economy is growing .
“ We were able to bring the House and Senate together and pass historic tax reform , ” Reynolds told Radio Iowa this morning .
Reynolds is holding an event at a business in Hiawatha to formally sign the tax bill into law at 2:15 this afternoon .
Democrats say the plan provides a tax windfall the wealthy and special interests , while a third of Iowans get no tax relief or may wind up paying more , since the law imposes sales taxes on Netflix , mobile phone apps and other “ e-commerce . ”
Democrat Dave Jacoby , a state representative from Coralville , called it a “ tax scam that will make the state 's budget crisis even worse . ”
Valerie Jarrett spoke about the tweets directed at her by Roseanne Barr during an appearance on an MSNBC town hall on Tuesday .
“ I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment , ” Jarrett said “ I 'm fine . I 'm worried about all the people out there who do n't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defense–the person who 's walking down the street minding their own business and they see somebody cling to their purse or walk across the street . Or every black parent I know who has a boy who has to sit down and have a conversation , ‘ the talk ' as we call it . Those ordinary examples of racism that happen every single day . ”
Barr came under fire early Tuesday for saying that former Obama aide Jarrett looks like the offspring of the “ Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes. ” Jarrett , an African-American , was born in Iran to American parents . Barr 's comments were quickly denounced as racist . Just hours later , ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey announced ABC was cancelling the planned second revival season of the show , which would have been its eleventh overall .
“ Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel her show , ” Dungey said in a statement .
Just after Barr 's statement on Jarrett , Wanda Sykes , who worked as a consulting producer on the first revival season , announced she would not be returning for the show 's next season . Series co-star and executive producer Sara Gilbert then condemned Barr 's comments , saying , “ Roseanne 's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett , and so much more , are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in her actions to say the least . This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us , as we 've created a show that we believe in , are proud of , and that audiences love — one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member . ”
The revival of “ Roseanne ” was not only the top show on ABC , but one of the top shows on all television . ABC had been poised to finish the traditional September-May television season in fourth place in the key adults 18-49 demographic among the Big 4 broadcast networks , but “ Roseanne 's ” massive ratings drove them to a tie for second place instead .
Senate prepares for Cha-cha debates
Senate deliberations on the various proposals to revise the 1987 Constitution are expected to gain momentum this year when Congress resumes sessions on January 16 .
Senate President Aquilino “ Koko ” Pimentel III said he hopes that Congress can already be convened into a Constituent Assembly next year or if ever a Constitutional Convention is chosen as the mode to be used to amend the Constitution , the government should start preparing for elections to be held this year .
Pimentel said he expects the 25-man Constitutional Commission that President Duterte has formed and assigned to do consultative study of the Constitution ready to submit to Congress its working draft on how Charter change should be pursued and what amendments should be considered .
“ They should be ready with the draft by the first half of 2017…So we can have a working draft to start discussing on , ” Pimentel said in a recent radio interview .
“ Because if we convert ourselves , the Congress , into a Constituent Assembly , or if we call for a Constitutional Convention , either way , we need to allot money for that , and likewise , set aside the date of election . We need to pass a law , ” Pimentel said .
Pimentel downplayed concerns the President would abuse his authority and declare Martial Law .
Duterte has urged lawmakers to consider amending the Constitution and make it less difficult for the President to declare Martial Law .
“ There 's nothing to worry about . Our President is just really hard on crime especially on drugs . That is the only thing he repeats . And he is being consistent with himself – on his all-out war against crime , drugs and corruption , ” he said .
Pimentel said the President 's proposal is not shocking as it was the rule enforced before the 1987 Constitution was followed . “ And that 's the reason why we had one President who declared Martial Law before . But that was actually the rule before , it 's not a shocking idea , ” he said .
Duterte has rallied his allies at the Senate and House of Representatives to pursue Charter change as he called for a shift to federalism .
Pimentel , a partymate of the President and head of the Partido Demokratikong Pilipino-Laban , pointed out that the shift to federalism is one of the campaign promises of Duterte during the May 2016 elections .
The Senate Committee on Constitutional Amendments and Revision of Codes , headed by Senate President Pro Tempore Franklin Drilon , launched its initial hearing into the various Charter change measures pending before Congress last December 8 . ( Hannah L. Torregoza )
Related
comments
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
- Advertisement -
A witness has narrated how one Taibu Ogunbajo , a block maker , killed his wife by running his Sports Utility Vehicle , SUV , popularly known as jeep , over her in anger .
The suspect is said to be a traditional ruler in Ise Town , Ibeju Lekki , Lagos State .
Ogunbajo is presently in the custody of Lagos State Police Command for allegedly running over his wife , Rotimi , with his Sport Utility Vehicle ( SUV ) marked AKD666EW at the Ibeju area of the state .
He was arrested at the weekend at the Akodo area of Ibeju Lekki after neighbours reported the death to the police .
The neighbour who spoke on condition of anonymity alleged that although they were married for three years with no child , the deceased was said to have had five children from other men .
He added that on the day the incident happened , the man gave chase to the deceased with his Toyota Highlander and ran her over after she broke some blocks in his factory .
- Advertisement -
“ They have been having crisis . They have been married for only three years . For some months now , the man has been saying he 's tired of the marriage . He claimed that his wife was troublesome and that he was sick of the marriage .
“ They were always fighting . That day , they had another issue at the block factory . In the course of their argument , the woman broke some blocks and attempted to walk away .
“ That was how the man entered his car and chased her in top speed and hit her . She died on the spot . The police were notified and they took the corpse to Epe General Hospital . ”
Lagos Police Command spokesman , Chike Oti , confirmed the arrest of the suspect , who according to him , has been transferred to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department ( SCIID ) , Panti , Yaba , for further investigation .
By Jared Huizenga – Contributing Writer
Q : What happens when two strangers with places to be attempted to take on a fast-moving winter storm with the help of a slightly sketchy pilot and a small airplane ?
A : Nothing good , that 's what .
In “ The Mountain Between Us , ” Alex Martin ( Kate Winslet ) is a jet-setting photojournalist who wants nothing more than to catch her flight home so she does n't miss her own wedding . Dr. Ben Bass ( Idris Elba ) is a surgeon who is needed across the country by morning for an emergency operation .
With their flights canceled and strict deadlines to keep , the two strangers charter a small plane in hopes of outrunning the impending storm and making their connecting flights . The universe , however , has different designs .
While crossing the mountains , the plane crashes and the duo is left cold , injured , alone , and hungry in the middle of nowhere , without phone reception , any idea of where they 're heading , how they 'll get there , or what is awaiting them on their journey for survival .
Here are some things to know about “ The Mountain Between Us ” :
The story is pretty vanilla and predictable , but it 's inoffensive enough that it can feed off of its other , more impressive traits to make it a worthwhile watch .
It is visually stunning – the snow , the mountains , the wilderness , Mother Nature … while these are things I generally do n't like or seek out in the real world , I can sit back and truly enjoy their on-screen beauty . The vast emptiness shown while the characters are on the move also provides an interesting contrast to up-close and personal nature shown while they are stationary .
Kate Winslet again does Kate Winslet things , and we should n't be surprised by that . She does n't really choose too many bad projects , and even those that are questionable she 's able to make watchable ( at least her parts ) simply because of her ability .
The real revelation here is the work of Idris Elba .
Elba , for me , has always been something of a question mark . I know people that absolutely adore him and swear by his work . However , I suspect many of those people formed their opinions based more on his semi-regular appearances on those World 's Best Dressed and World 's Most Beautiful lists than his actual body of work . As for me , I 've never really understood the fascination .
This time , though , this time I get it . He brings a fire I 've never seen from him to Ben . And that fire is something that was gravely needed to bring this very reserved , very straight-laced character to life . I do n't think we 're talking award level stuff here , but he absolutely stole the show from his co-star , which is a feat in itself .
Overall , “ The Mountain Between Us ” is n't a revolutionary masterpiece , but thanks to some wonderful scenery and cinematography , and two outstanding lead actors , it 's definitely worth a trip to the theater .
★★★1/2 of ★★★★★
Jared Huizenga is a freelance movie critic and the owner of www.ManVersusMovie.com .
US and Thailand kick off 'Cobra Gold ' war games
by Staff Writers
Bangkok ( AFP ) Feb 14 , 2017
The US and Thailand launched annual joint 'Cobra Gold ' military exercises Tuesday as Asia grapples with uncertainty over the direction of American foreign policy under President Donald Trump .
The war games , typically involving days of gruelling and sometimes gruesome drills in the Thai jungle , are the largest US-led military exercises in Asia .
They have continued in spite of tensions over a 2014 coup in Thailand , prompting Washington to cut back on military aid and call for a return to democracy .
But the US has also been wary of pushing its long-standing Southeast Asian ally into the embrace of superpower rival China .
This year Washington sent the head of the US Pacific Command Admiral Harry Harris to attend the opening of Cobra Gold on Tuesday -- the highest ranking officer to visit Thailand since the coup .
He urged the country to resume democratic rule , a hand-off the junta has repeatedly delayed .
`` We look forward to Thailand 's reemergence as a flourishing democracy because we need Thailand to be a strong and stable partner , '' he said .
This year 's 10-day exercise kicks off under a cloud of uncertainty about the role of the US in the region .
It is unclear whether Trump will roll back on his predecessor 's much-trailed 'Asia pivot ' , which banked on boosting security and trade ties as a counterweight to China 's growing might .
Trump 's administration is also expected to take a softer line on human rights , potentially offering some respite for the Thai junta and other authoritarian governments in the region .
Some 3,600 US personnel will descend on Thailand 's Chonburi and Nakhon Ratchasima provinces for the war games , along with soldiers from Singapore , Japan , South Korea , Indonesia and Malaysia .
The drills , which have been hosted by the US and Thailand since 1980 , have previously involved an array of arduous activities , including a jungle survival challenge requiring US marines to drink snake blood .
US embassy spokeswoman Melissa Sweeney told AFP this year 's drills will focus on humanitarian assistance and disaster relief .
China and India will join for those humanitarian exercises , with more than a dozen other countries sending representatives to observe .
On Saturday evening , the University of Utah soccer team faced in-state foe Weber State in an exhibition matchup where the Utes walked away victors with a 3-0 shutout .
The Utes took the lead in the latter part of the first half when a corner kick lead to junior Madi Clarkson scoring the first goal of the game . The lead was extended in the second half for Utah after a goal from junior Paola Van Der Veen . The Utes final goal of the night came from freshman Natalie Kump who scored with one minute left in regulation .
Standout player :
For Clarkson , who missed all of the 2015 season and was nagged with injuries last season , her goal in this match was her first collegiate career goal . It was a moment that she described as the greatest feeling “ in the world . ”
“ There were all different kinds of emotions , ” Clarkson said . “ I was so happy , I was jumping on people and hugging them , and I almost cried hearing my name . It was just so crazy . ”
Clarkson said she was shocked to have scored the first goal of the match for her team , but seeing the ball in the back of the net to give her team the momentum they needed to help move forward was an irreplaceable experience .
Improvements :
Although the match was an exhibition , it was a game for the Utes to find out what they can improve upon as individuals and as a team all together . Head coach Rich Manning thinks the things his team needs to work on are pretty normal for this time of year — playing faster , making better transitions and working on speed of play .
Offensively , Manning feels his team was lacking . He wants to see a better job of his team moving the ball and finding the right places to take advantage of its opponent . While Manning wants to see improvement with the offense , Clarkson believes the defensive side of the team — that features new freshman — also has improvements to make . She said for the freshman being able to get more experience while being in games will help the newcomers gel together .
Clarkson also noted that there were times when the center was too open and they needed to do a better job of closing that in and communicating more with the midfield , but overall , coming away with the win was exactly what the Utes wanted .
Coach 's corner :
“ I was very pleased overall , ” Manning said . “ I think a lot of people played well . We have been working a lot on our defense and clearly we defended well in the game so that was good to see . ”
Up next for the Utes , they are set to face South Dakota State as they open their season on the Ute Soccer Field on Sunday , Aug. 20 . Kickoff is scheduled for 12 pm .
e.white @ dailyutahchronicle.com
@ emileewhiteee
The Toronto Maple Leafs took a 2-1 series lead against the Washington Capitals with an overtime win on the strength of a Tyler Bozak goal . Rob Leth reports .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany and France have offered Spain `` observer status '' on a programme to develop a new European fighter jet , but want to keep the project as a binational endeavour for now to ensure it moves ahead quickly , according to a German government source .
Spain had sent a letter to its NATO allies asking to participate in the critical industrial undertaking in December , according to the government source and several industry sources .
The German and French defence ministries then responded in April , offering Madrid the opportunity to observe the fledgling programme as it took shape , but without the ability to shape its initial parameters . No reply had yet been received from Spain , the government source said .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal ; Editing by Alison Williams )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
A young child and a woman have been transported to hospital in serious but stable condition and a suspect has been apprehended in connection with a Friday night stabbing attack in Beddington Heights .
According to the Calgary Police Service , officers including members of the TAC team were called to a park in the vicinity of Bearberry Crescent and Berwick Drive Northwest at around 7:00 p.m. following reports of a stabbing .
“ We found a female and a young child in medical distress both of whom were transported immediately to the hospital in serious but stable condition , '' said CPS Staff Sergeant Asif Rashid .
The injured child , believed to be approximately six years old , was suffering from stab wounds and transported by ambulance to the Alberta Children 's Hospital . The injured woman was taken to the Foothills Medical Centre for treatment of stab wounds .
Witnesses tell CTV the boy had been stabbed in the back while the woman was suffering from an injury to her chest .
An unidentified male was located and apprehended by police . “ As police converged on the scene , there was additional intelligence that came forth from neighbours and witnesses suggesting that an individual nearby might be responsible for the matter , ” said Rashid . “ A male was taken into custody without incident . ”
According to CPS , the suspect did not resist arrest . A suspect weapon had not been located as of 9:30 p.m. as members of the forensics crime scene unit continued to scour the area for evidence .
“ Preliminary indications are that the individual taken into custody is not known to the female and the child , however , the fruits of the investigation will bear out those details , ” said Rashid . “ There is no information to suggest that this was a targeted attack . ”
“ There ( are ) no immediate public safety concerns . ''
Police have confirmed the victims are mother and son . A preliminary police investigation into the incident suggests the attack was random .
SYDNEY : Former New Zealand Netball chief executive Raelene Castle has been named as Rugby Australia 's first female boss on Tuesday , becoming the first woman to take charge of one of the four main football codes in the country .
Castle , who left the Canterbury Bulldogs at the end of the National Rugby League season , pipped former Wallaby captain Phil Kearns for the role , according to local media .
`` Raelene impressed the board with her vision for rugby and her clear understanding of what needs to be done to strengthen and unite the code at all levels , '' RA chairman Cameron Clyne said .
`` In talking to Raelene , and those who have worked with her over her successful sports administration career , it is clear that she fosters environments of collaboration and high performance , always leading by example . ''
Castle replaces Bill Pulver , who said in August that he was stepping down as soon as a replacement could be found , and she faces a tough task trying to unify a sport that was riven by infighting and off-field controversy this year .
RA were engaged in legal battles with both the Western Force and Melbourne Rebels in a protracted decision making process over which team to cut from Super Rugby . The Perth-based Force were eventually dumped from the competition .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Pulver faced intense criticism from the rugby community over the furore and said when the decision was made he would step down rather than see out his contract , which expired next year .
`` There is no doubt Australian rugby has a clear international and domestic offering for both male and female athletes that can be further developed and strengthened , '' Castle said .
`` I am especially looking forward to getting out into the rugby communities across Australia and meeting the diverse range of people that make the game tick . ''
A former corporate marketing and communications executive in New Zealand , Castle led the country 's national body for netball for six years before moving back to Australia to take over the Bulldogs in 2013 .
( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington ; Editing by Christian Radnedge )
Two thrill rides are coming to Foxwoods Resort Casino in Mashanutucket .
The casino announced Monday that it will open the Thrill Tower at Foxwoods , which will include the Sky Drop and Sky Launch .
The Sky Drop will take four riders at a time who will be lifted to the top of Thrill Tower before free-falling 120 feet to the bottom .
Sky Launch will propel two riders sitting back-to-back from the ground to the top of Thrill Tower and back again .
“ At Foxwoods , our mission is to reimagine the modern resort casino , ” Jason Guyot , vice president of resort operations and development at Foxwoods Resort Casino , said . “ Thrill Tower at Foxwoods offers guests the chance to experience an unforgettable and truly unique moment , which is exactly what guests expect when they walk through our doors . The addition of these outdoor adventure attractions represent a significant development in a larger strategy to separate from the competition with bold , innovative property offerings . ”
Foxwoods previously announced the opening of the HighFlyer Zipline , a 33-story high adventure that launches guests from the top of the Fox Tower to the Mashantucket Pequot Museum & Research Center at a top speed of 60 miles per hour .
Thrill Tower at Foxwoods will be open later this summer from 10 a.m. to midnight , Monday through Sunday .
Cuttack : The Special Investigation Team ( SIT ) formed to probe into black money cases , today held its meeting regarding India 's illegally hoard money .
Former Supreme Court Judge and SIT vice chairman Arijit Pasayat headed the meeting held at his residence , in which special DG Crime Branch Bijay Sharma along with senior officials from Enforcement Directorate , IT , Central Revenue Department , mines and many other departments were present .
As per sources , the officials at the meeting discussed regarding the black money concealed in the foreign market and about 133 crore rupees of black money traced so far . Out of 500 names in the Panama Papers , 250 names have been identified , according to the information .
The meeting also brought illegal financial transactions carried out through different educational institutions , seized properties of self- proclaimed godmen Sura and Sarathi Baba issues to the table .
A former governor of Abia State , Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) on Monday traded blames on who was responsible for delay in the former governor 's trial for alleged money laundering .
The Commission re-arraigned Kalu , Udeh Udeogu and Slok Nigeria Limited at the Federal High Court in Lagos on 34- count charge of laundering N3.2billion , to which they pleaded not guilty .
Kalu 's lawyer , Chief Charles Enwelunta , had accused the prosecution of unduly prolonging the trial .
He said the delay was taking a negative toll on the defendants and their businesses .
The lawyer said : “ The defendants who are presumed innocent until it is contrarily proved are already having the feeling that they are being punished .
“ Their businesses have suffered and they can not plan again for anything because of this case . Even , we as counsel can not plan our time for anything again because of this suit . ”
Enwelunta said the prosecution indicated that it would close its case on Monday to enable the defendants open their defence .
The counsel said he was surprised that prosecution counsel plans to call additional seven witnesses .
At least 13 witnesses have so far testified for the prosecution .
“ At the last adjourned date , the prosecutor gave us an impression that he would close his case today ( Monday ) but I just learnt that an additional proof of evidence containing names of seven new witnesses has again been filed by the prosecution .
“ No one has an idea of when the prosecution will close its case in this matter . I urged my lord to intervene , ” he said .
Udeogu 's lawyer , Chief Solo Akuma ( SAN ) , added that the prosecution 's case was becoming endless .
“ My lord , we were just served further additional proof of evidence containing names of seven additional witnesses by the prosecution .
“ This is after we were told that the prosecution would close its case today ( yesterday ) . From all indications , the prosecution of this case is becoming endless , ” he said .
Slok Nigeria 's lawyer , K. C. Nwofor ( SAN ) , agreed with his colleagues .
But , EFCC 's lawyer , Rotimi Jacobs ( SAN ) , denied that the prosecution was responsible for the delay .
He said the defendants were to blame for filing an interlocutory appeal that went up to the Supreme Court for nearly 10 years .
“ The case was filed since 2007 and the defendants were challenging jurisdiction till 2015 before the Supreme Court made a final pronouncement on the issue .
“ I can not be forced to close my case because we need to bring the facts before the court , ” Jacobs said .
Justice Mohammed Idris said it was not the court 's duty to direct the prosecution on how to handle its case .
Peru 's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe
A retired doctor who spent years treating drug addiction says he has seen the healing powers of a psychedelic plant that a Vancouver Island man was studying in Peru before he was killed by a mob that blamed him for a shaman 's death .
Dr. Gabor Mate said ayahuasca grows in the jungle and is brewed with other plants into a thick concoction people drink at ceremonies in countries such as Peru , Costa Rica and Brazil .
The drug is illegal in Canada . Health Canada said in a statement that ayahuasca is a controlled substance that is considered to have no medical benefit .
Mate said the hallucinogenic medicine is used as part of ancient aboriginal practices to help people tap into childhood trauma with support from a leader , and he has seen its power at work in Peru , and Costa Rica , from where he returned two weeks ago after facilitating ceremonies involving the plant .
“ I 've known people whose addiction has stopped , ” he said , adding he has worked with ayahuasca for 10 years . “ I know people who 've recovered from medical diseases that otherwise they got little help for . I know a woman who tried to kill herself 17 times , who is no longer suicidal .
“ It 's not like a drug you give to somebody . It 's more that it opens up portals into yourself , understanding self in a new way and having a deeper vision of reality . It 's that understanding of the self and a clearer view of reality that helps you heal . ”
RELATED : Vancouver Island man killed in Peru
Peru 's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe , who had travelled to the Amazon rain forest to study hallucinogenic medicine . Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe 's body to determine whether he had any involvement in the death of Olivia Arevalo , an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe in northeastern Peru .
A Canadian Institute for Substance Use Research study published in 2013 in Canadian Drug Abuse Reviews says ayahuasca-assisted therapy delivered in 2011 in a B.C . rural First Nations community experiencing substance use appeared to show improvements in outlook , hopefulness and empowerment and that more research was warranted .
Mark Haden , adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia 's school of population and public health , said the plant helps people gain insight and works toward healing but problems occur in impoverished communities where shamans are n't accountable .
“ I think psychedelic drugs should be legalized in Canada and North America within a context that allows for people to experience psychedelic medicines in a supervised setting and the supervisors need to be part of an accountable professional body , ” said Haden , who is also executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies .
Mate is an author and international speaker on repressed trauma and the emotional and physical effects of hidden stress . He said many of the illicit drug users he treated in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside became addicted in response to unresolved traumatic experiences in childhood .
The ayahuasca concoction is n't a take-home remedy and is n't for people with a history of psychosis , mania , seizures or heart issues , Mate said , adding he could n't speculate on what set off the events leading to Woodroffe 's death , but alcohol and stimulants , such as crystal meth , are more apt to cause violence .
“ I 've participated in multiple ceremonies and I 've seen the occasional person freak out , but rarely . I know people who 've done or led hundreds , maybe thousands of ceremonies and never had any acts of violence . ”
RELATED : Peruvian authorities arrest two suspects in killing of Vancouver Island man
In December 2015 , a Winnipeg man fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours ' drive from where Woodroffe was killed . The men drank the hallucinogenic brew before the British tourist grabbed a butcher knife , leading the Canadian to fatally stab him in what British authorities later determined was self-defence .
Mate said that a decade ago , he led a ceremony involving ayahuasca with members of an Indigenous band in British Columbia who 'd experienced multigenerational trauma .
Health Canada told him he would have to do a clinical study on the effects of the plant , but Mate said that would have cost millions of dollars .
“ It 's a completely different entity , ” he said of the plant . ” What I wish they would do is look at it realistically and objectively based on international experience . ”
Health Canada did provide an exemption to the drug several years ago for a Montreal chapter of a Brazilian religion for sacramental use of the plant .
Rhonda Nelson of Athabasca , Alta. , said she went on a life-changing retreat led by Mate in 2015 to deal with anxiety and depression related to childhood trauma before attending similar ceremonies in Peru in January 2017 where she again drank ayahuasca .
“ It would be akin to 10 years of psychotherapy . I was able to get in touch with that deep suffering and what the root of it was , ” she said .
Nelson , 45 , said she also experienced physical healing and no longer has symptoms of congenital myasthemic syndrome , a neuromuscular disorder .
“ When I ingested the plant , it brought up emotion in me that I 'd been familiar with me all my life but in such a way that the intensity was similar to the intensity that I experienced when it first originated in early childhood , ” she said .
The Canadian Press
TEXAS : An investigation into a reported burglary in Houston on Tuesday ( Jun 13 ) ended with police seizing US $ 1 million worth of methamphetamine-laced lollipops weighing more than 270kg .
The Harris Country Sheriff 's Office posted pictures of the haul of colourful candy on its Facebook page saying `` it was intended to be distributed among children and/or sold to juveniles . ''
Some of the sweets were shaped like Batman and Starwars figures .
According to the Harris County Sheriff 's Office , a concerned neighbour called police on Monday to report a break-in . Upon arriving at the scene , officers saw a male and female removing the lollipops from the home .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` They had so many narcotics in their vehicle they could n't close the back hatch of their car , '' Lt. Ruben Diaz said during a press conference Tuesday .
`` It was evident they were making these in the kitchen , '' he added .
Stevie Nicks ' new song “ Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go ” is featured in the forthcoming drama The Book Of Henry . The film follows a single mother named Susan ( played by Naomi Watts ) who waits tables at a diner alongside her friend ( Sarah Silverman ) . Susan finds herself in the middle of some troubling small town drama , and the story unfolds from there . Maddie Ziegler ( of Sia fame ) also stars in the film . Check out “ Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go ” in a lyric video featuring footage from The Book Of Henry below .
The Book Of Henry is out 6/16 .
The Montreal Canadiens were a colossal disappointment in 2017-18 . After winning the Atlantic Division two years ago , many expected them to at least make it back to the playoffs , but that did n't happen . Now , it seems like the team has quietly embraced a different path .
Heading into last year , the Habs were trying to be good . There was no rebuild , reset , or whatever you want to call it . That 's what made the year such a disaster . But based on the offseason the Canadiens have had , it looks like this is going to be a rebuild after all .
GM Marc Bergevin was n't willing to use that word when addressing the media on Sunday , but there 's no denying that this is the situation the organization is in right now . The team clearly was n't good enough last year and it did n't get a whole lot better this summer . Sure , they swapped Alex Galchenyuk for Max Domi , they added Joel Armia and Xavier Ouellet , but those are n't moves that 'll put them over the top .
If anything , the fact that they decided to eat Steve Mason ‘ s cap hit in the trade they made with Winnipeg last week shows that they 're willing to spend cap dollars to acquire draft picks and young players .
This is totally the right decision for the franchise . They have too many holes to fill to be a legitimate Stanley Cup contender . They need a top four left-handed defensemen , they need a number one and number two center , and they could use some added scoring punch on the wings , too . But do n't give management too much credit for going in this direction because they simply had no choice .
They clearly wanted a chance to pitch John Tavares , but he was n't interested in hearing from them . They checked in with Paul Stastny , but that did n't work out either , so here we are . They 've got cap space , but there 's no one to give it to .
On a positive note , the Canadiens have addressed their long-term center needs by drafting Ryan Poehling in 2017 and Jesperi Kotkaniemi in 2018 . Those players are likely a couple of years away , so there 's no rush for the Canadiens to be good right now .
Many have suggested that this is n't a rebuild or re-tool until they get rid of Carey Price and Shea Weber , but you can still rebuild with veterans . Surround the young players on the roster with quality players that can lead through their experience and preparation .
Also , that does n't mean that those players ca n't be traded a year or two from now .
The next few years should be interested in Montreal . With most teams in the division seemingly getting better , it appears as though these next few seasons will be pretty lean for Habs nation , but that might not be such a bad thing in the long run .
—
Joey Alfieri is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports . Drop him a line at phtblog @ nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @ joeyalfieri .
A Taylor Swift backup dancer is coming under fire for reportedly posting a series of sexist and problematic Instagram Stories . The music news Twitter account Pop Crave captured screen shots that it claims came from Swift 's longtime background dancer , Kim “ Toshi ” Davidson .
The contents are offensive , to say the least : One suggests the Australia women 's soccer team should go `` back to the kitchen '' because they had a losing season . Another has the caption `` every girl 's weakness , '' alongside pictures of chloroform , a dish cloth , a forest , and a black van . The third photo makes a `` joke '' about sexual assault , which is disgusting , full stop , but even more deplorable because Swift herself is a survivor . ( Swift recently won a lawsuit against a radio DJ who groped her at a meet-and-greet in 2013 . )
According to the Daily Mail , Swift is `` livid '' over these posts and has fired Toshi as a result . ( We reached out to Swift 's rep for confirmation and will update if we hear back . ) Toshi , interestingly , was not at Swift 's latest Reputation Stadium Tour stop over the weekend . The two have worked together for years ; in 2015 Swift even donated $ 50,000 to Toshi 's GoFundMe for his infant nephew , who had cancer .
Naturally , Swift 's fans are supporting her—as they always do in times like these .
Swift 's next concert date is this Friday , June 1 . Stay tuned to see whether Toshi makes an appearance .
Related Stories :
Taylor Swift Pays Tribute to All the Female Artists Who Inspire Her at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards
All the Moments You Need to See From Taylor Swift 's Reputation Tour Opening Night
Katy Perry Just Sent Taylor Swift a Literal Olive Branch
Professional drifter and founder of Pony Drift Michel Rayes just debuted his newest creation , a 1987 Mustang called “ Project X ” at Elmia 2017 . The car was built by All-In Race Cars in Denmark . While the company specializes in drag racing they were up for the task of building a professional drift car . Power comes from an 8.0 L Gen 2 Viper V10 with a BDS 8-71 roots supercharger sticking out of the hood . The engine needs eight 83 lbs/hr injectors , 10 210 lbs/hr injectors , and a mechanical fuel pump that supplies 17 gallons/min to keep this beast of an engine fed . We can expect more coverage in the coming weeks considering Speedhunters is a sponsor and the attention it 's gathering at Elmia .
Source : @ Michelrayes and Speedhunters
Borussia Dortmund have extended the suspension of talented forward Ousmane Dembele indefinitely after the 20-year-old France international skipped training last week amid speculation of a possible move to Barcelona.The Bundesliga club said on Sunday it would keep Dembele 's ban for missing training in place after the player was told he was initially suspended until after Saturday 's first round German Cup tie against amateurs Rielasingen-Arlen . `` Our focus now is to have a concentrated preparation for the start of the Bundesliga ( next week ) , '' Dortmund sports director Michael Zorc said in a statement . `` Obviously Ousmane Dembele has the opportunity to do individual training separate from the team . `` Dembele is seen as a potential successor to Neymar at Barcelona , after the Brazilian 's record 222 million euro ( $ 262.32 million ) move to Paris St Germain earlier this month.An initial Barça offer was rejected by Dortmund with club bosses saying it was too low.German media have estimated the price of a move at more than 100 million euros.Dembele joined Dortmund , who will compete in the Champions League group stage , from French side Rennes on a five-year deal in 2016 .
John Terry and Aston Villa have parted ways after one season , the defender and the Championship club announced on Wednesday .
Terry joined Villa last summer after seeing his time with Chelsea draw to a close and captained the side to the final of the play-offs after a fourth-placed finish in the regular league season .
However , Villa ultimately fell 1-0 to Fulham at Wembley Stadium , denying them a return to the Premier League after a two-year absence .
And Villa confirmed his contract will not be renewed for the 2018-19 campaign as they look to cut costs .
“ We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism [ Terry ] showed with us last season , ” the club said in a statement .
“ John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped . Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room , he played a real captain 's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters , and vice-versa .
“ We hope he looks back on his time with Villa fondly and we wish him the very best as his career moves forward . ”
Terry himself took to Instagram following the announcement , saying : “ Today I part ways with Aston Villa Football Club . I 'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club .
“ I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I 'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League , where this club 100 % belongs . Likewise , Villa gave thanks to Terry for his service to the club over the last season .
The 37-year-old defender previously had spent 21 years with Chelsea before ultimately losing his spot in the team under Antonio Conte and appearing only nine times in the Premier League in 2016-17 .
A drop to the Championship saw Terry play 35 times , scoring a single goal , and will now have a decision to make as to whether he will retire or look for a new club .
0 'American Ninja Warrior : ' Host Matt Iseman Reveals Big Changes This Season
Younger competitors , a megawall and , dinosaur obstacles ... ?
`` American Ninja Warrior , '' host Matt Iseman and fan-favorite athlete Grant McCartney , aka `` Island Ninja , '' were pumped to share what 's new this season with `` See & Be Seen . '' The show airs Wednesdays at 8 p.m. on WPXI .
Related Headlines Wahlberg Brothers to Visit Wahlburgers in The Block Northway Mall
Some background info : The show follows competitors as they tackle a series of challenging obstacle courses across the country . The final round is in Las Vegas and the winner takes home $ 1 million .
Now competitors as young as 19 years old can contend for the prize .
`` All these kids who grew up worshiping 'Ninja Warrior , ' '' now they 're getting their shot earlier , '' Iseman said .
But in the show 's nine seasons so far , there has only been one winner . It 's not called `` the world 's toughest and most inspiring athletic competition '' for nothing . The course gets harder every year .
`` Now we have an 18-feet megawall , '' McCartney said . `` That thing is not only huge , but it 's got a short run-up , and you have to do all the other obstacles before you get to it . Awesome challenge . You make it up to the top , $ 10,000 . That 's a challenge worth taking , if you ask me . ''
And just when you thought it could n't get any more intense , McCartney , who is a two-time national finalist , will take on the course in the Jurassic World theme park in Los Angeles next week .
The megawall is one thing , but dinosaur obstacles ? That 's something else !
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Advertisement
Former deputy national chairman , Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) , South West zone , Chief Bode George and national secretary , National Conscience Party ( NCP ) , Mr. Ayodele Akele , have differed on the performance of Lagos State governor , Akinwunmi Ambode .
While NCP claims that the governor has not only failed in delivering on the party 's promises of change like the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government , George contends that the Progressives Congress ( APC ) controlled administration has succeeded in changing the face of the state in the last 18 months .
Akele was particularly irked that Ambode has deliberately refused to conduct the council polls despite his repeated promises to that effect since he assumed office .
He also faulted the administration 's failure to provide good water for the citizens of the state , saying : “ Many known killer diseases are associated with bad water intake in the state . ”
Akele dismissed the Lagos government 's claim of mega city , noting : “ You can not claim that a state is a mega city when the state of the roads and other necessary infrastructure are appalling like we have in Lagos . ”
Meanwhile , George admitted that it is true there is room for improvements but added : “ Ambode has done well in the areas of infrastructural developments ” as he also urged him to do more in order to etch his name in gold upon the completion of his assignments in office .
Advertisement
According to him , “ Although , I never met Governor Ambode , he deserves commendation for what he has done so far in the areas of infrastructural developments in Epe local government and other parts of the state and also in the area of traffic decongestion in the state . ”
The PDP stalwart stated that governing a cosmopolitan city like Lagos is a huge task , and appealed to the governor to help in developing Lagos Island where he comes from and other areas of the state .
He said : “ I have never met this young man but I must say that I am impressed with his performance so far especially in the area of infrastructural developments . I do n't know everywhere in Lagos because I hardly go round but I must sincerely commend him on what he is doing in Epe Local Government . I am very proud of what he is doing there . I passed through Epe recently and I thought I was in a different state .
“ I want to appeal to him that when he is done with Epe , he should head back to my local government , which is Lagos Island so that when he leaves office , not only will Epe people remember him for his performance , but the entire Lagos will remember him and say ‘ yes , there was one Governor that passed through here and his name is Akinwunmi Ambode ' .
“ I also must commend him in the area of traffic management especially in the area of traffic decongestion in the state ” . “ He is a Yoruba man and he is doing his best but I know that we as opposition will do better when we get there . My advice to him is that he should ensure that the standards of living of Lagosians are improved especially in the areas of education and healthcare , ” he said .
Great expectations are an annual thing with the OSU golf program and , in a sense , nothing short of a win in the title match would be acceptable .
It 's a rematch from 2014 . That year , Alabama took the men 's golf national championship from Oklahoma State , but this year , it 's on the Pokes ' home course and they had a rowdy Cowboy crowd behind them .
The Cowboys jumped out to some big leads early on – none bigger than the one Zach Bauchou managed .
The junior capped a 7 under par front 9 by holing out from a greenside bunker for eagle .
“ I was thinking , ‘ I 'm 5 under , what would I do if we were playing a match out here ? ' ” said Bauchou . “ The only thing I told myself is ‘ I 'd try to hit it in that bunker and hole the bunker show , ' and so I did just that . ”
Viktor Hovland got it going early , dropping a birdie putt on four to move to 2 up in his match . Then on the par 3 seventh , he birdied again to move to 3 up . He went on to win his match .
Freshman Matthew Wolfe started the day with an eagle and ended things in front of hundreds of Cowboy fans with the championship winning putt on 15 .
It was a dominating performance from OSU . The Cowboys swept all 5 matches , none of which went beyond the 15th green .
“ I did n't know that it was to win the championship , ” said Wolfe . “ I just knew that it was to win my match and , you know , that 's how you win championships . ”
“ Obviously , the truest home field advantage was all the crowds , all those people out there . To be able to make a putt and perform and celebrate , ” said OSU head coach Alan Bratton .
The title caps one of the best seasons ever in the storied history of the program .
Bauchou says it 's the best , but former coach turned A.D. Mike Holder wo n't quite go that far .
“ I remember talking to coach Holder after we lost the Big 12 and I said , ‘ coach , we 're still the best team Oklahoma State 's ever had , ' ” said Bauchou . “ He said , ‘ nah , you 're not . ' But I told him , ‘ Hey , after we win the national championship , we 'll go out to have lunch and we 'll talk about it . ' ”
The fan support all week drew praise from Alabama 's head coach Jay Seawell , but a similar run in the future may be out .
After next year , the NCAA is moving the championships to venues where teams wo n't have a home course advantage .
Twenty nine million Americans have diabetes , which can lead to a host of serious health problems .
Among them is something called diabetic retinopathy .
It 's the most common cause of vision loss in diabetic patients .
In tonight 's Health Living , Michelle Dunaway shows us new treatments that help patients stay in focus .
Increased eye pressure could be a complication of some treatments .
Dr. Deupree says diabetics should get an eye exam at least once a year .
He says prevention is the safest way to keep eyesight stable .
21:42 ( IST )
3 runs from the 18th over here as Yusuf is in a dilemma of sorts as he does not know whether he should take the singles and let Sandeep take strike or he should only look to face as many balls as possible . The score reads 112/9 after 18 overs here with Yusuf and Sandeep Sharma out in the middle .
WASHINGTON : America has `` no interest '' in regime change in Pyongyang or the accelerated reunification of the two Koreas , two top US officials said in a message calibrated to cool last week 's heated rhetoric .
Pentagon chief Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece that the United States favours a diplomatic solution to the nuclear stand-off , especially with help from China , though they stressed diplomacy is `` backed by military options . ''
`` The US has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea , '' Mattis and Tillerson wrote .
`` We do not seek an excuse to garrison US troops north of the Demilitarised Zone . We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people , who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang . ''
The message , published on Sunday evening , came after tensions soared between North Korea and the United States last week after President Donald Trump made repeated bellicose statements to Kim Jong-Un , including the promise of `` fire and fury '' if Pyongyang continued to threaten America with nuclear weapons .
Mattis and Tillerson called on China , which is North Korea 's main trading partner and ally , to take advantage of an `` unparalleled opportunity '' to assert its influence on Pyongyang .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` If China wishes to play a more active role in securing regional peace and stability - from which all of us , especially China , derive such great benefit - it must make the decision to exercise its decisive diplomatic and economic leverage over North Korea , '' the US officials wrote .
Their opinion piece came the same day as CIA director Mike Pompeo offered assurances there was `` nothing imminent '' in terms of conflict with North Korea .
Mattis and Tillerson also credited UN efforts and said the United States was willing to negotiate with North Korea , but said Pyongyang should indicate a desire to show good faith by halting weapons and nuclear tests .
General Joseph Dunford , who is Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff and the top officer in the military , met on Monday with South Korea 's defence minister , Song Young-Moo , and defence chief , General Lee Sun-Jin .
`` He stressed that North Korea 's ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programmes threaten the entire global community and endanger peace and stability in the region , '' Navy Captain Darryn James said .
And he `` conveyed America 's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the US homeland . ''
Fewer than half of the 41 million potentially explosive airbag inflators made by Japanese company Takata have been replaced in the several years since the largest auto-safety recall in U.S. history .
Some Honda employees are going door-to-door knocking , hunting for roughly 100,000 cars with the most dangerous defective Takata airbags that have up to a 50/50 chance of failing . Faulty Takata airbags have killed at least 13 people in the U.S .
Millions of mailers , phone calls and even targeted Facebook ads have n't gotten to everyone , so Honda has 500 people working in so-called `` pit teams , '' canvassing neighborhoods nationwide . They 're looking for unrepaired 2001-2003 Hondas and Acuras .
Teams carry replacement airbags allowing a technician to remove the defective one on the spot .
Honda 's Ed Cohen said going door to door to inform customers is `` unprecedented . ''
`` It has never been done before , '' Cohen said . `` The challenge here is that these vehicles are 14 , 15 , 16 years old . They change hands one to three times . ''
In Orlando , Jose Ramon Rivera watched as a pit team changed the airbags in his 2001 Honda that he bought two years ago .
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration List
But there 's a second challenge for the automaker : As many as 144,000 vehicles with the dangerous airbags may have ended up in scrapyards , and some have been been repaired and resold .
Karina Dorado , 18 , did n't know her car was was salvaged from a junkyard . She was nearly killed when its Takata airbag deployed in March .
Tim McMillon actively seeks out older wrecked Hondas . He removes the airbags before putting them in his Orange City , Florida , salvage yard .
He 's pulled about 100 defective airbags so far this year . `` It 's out of the car , it 's out of the system , Honda knows about it -- it 's gone , '' McMillon said .
Honda says it 's been able to get about 80,000 of these dangerous airbags from salvage yards , and another 50,000 or so have been found from the canvassing effort this year . But many more remain to be found .
If you 're into true crime , covert government ops , and a touch of psychedelics , then this is the next Netflix miniseries for you ! Check out the trailer below this post .
In this crypto docudrama , Oscar-winning filmmaker Errol Morris ( The Fog of War ) takes an intensive look at the death of scientist and CIA employee Frank Olson and covert ops like MK Ultra .
In 1953 Olson “ fell ” from the window of a New York City hotel room and the death was originally ( and quickly ) ruled a suicide . 20 years later a report tied his death to a top-secret experiment . What unfolds after that is an eerie and all too close-to-home look at what the United States government is capable of and the lengths they would go to protect their secrets during the Cold War .
The 6-episode series follows Olson 's son , Eric , on his decades-long quest to figure out what exactly happened by piecing together a collage of mysterious circumstances surrounding his father 's death . Eric 's entire life becomes a crusade for the truth .
# Wormwood on Netflix is a remarkable watch . — Paul Martin ( @ paulmartin2012 ) February 2 , 2018
Shot as part dramatization starring Peter Sarsgaard as Frank Olsen and Molly Parker ( House of Cards ) as his wife , Alice , and part real and intimate interviews , Wormwood offers a new and uniquely gripping take on the documentary .
It 's unsettling , maddening , and tragic . Yet every episode uncovers another layer of the onion while leaving you searching for more . Wormwood is magnificently binge-worthy and will make a conspiracy theorist out of you yet .
“ In this here Cold War , the most dangerous weapon is information. ” – Wormwood
WATCH : The Official Trailer for Netflix ' Wormwood
In police files , he 'll go down as homicide # 38/2018 .
Shot dead on the streets of a city he had come to love .
Matthew Staikos , 37 , did not fit the profile . Did n't have the temperament . Did n't have the demons or a closet full of contradictions .
But here we are . The tech entrepreneur has been brutally murdered and friends , family and the country 's tech community are shocked , horrified , heartbroken and baffled .
Staikos — a man with looks , charm , brains and everything in between — was gunned down on Bay St. in the city 's tony Yorkville neighbourhood Monday night .
And there is not an iota of why .
Cops are mum on whether he was targeted but three bullets — one in the head , one in the back — say otherwise .
“ Nothing , nada … None of this makes any sense at all , ” a friend of Staikos and his brother George told the Toronto Sun .
Staikos and his older sibling started Torch Mobile in 2003 and then sold it to Research in Motion in 2009 .
“ They were two smart brothers who sold Torch to RIM when the company was reinventing itself , ” the friend said . “ They were well thought of . Smart , capable , honest , hard-working , well-liked guys . ”
Guys who do n't get gunned down in the concrete jungle .
Back to why .
“ People ca n't understand it … he was good-looking , nice , girls loved him … everybody loved him , ” a former RIM co-worker said . “ Everyone 's flabbergasted . ”
“ No gambling , no drugs , he was soft spoken , just a really nice guy … maybe it was a case of mistaken identity , ” the source said , adding , “ nothing else makes any sense . ”
His devastated family released a terse statement Wednesday afternoon .
“ Our family is mourning the sudden loss of our beloved Matthew . We ask that you respect the privacy of our family as we cope with this tragedy , ” they said .
Cops say the suspected triggerman is black , 5-foot-10 with a medium build . The killer fled in a silver or grey four-door Mercedes .
And he had all the earmarks of a pro — not some gangbanger unleashing lead and hitting nothing .
On Wednesday , detectives were tight-lipped as to motive and would not confirm whether the well-liked Staikos was targeted .
“ We 're in the early stages and will probably be putting something out in a day or so , ” Det . Omar Khan told the Sun .
Staikos — a graduate of the mechanical and computer engineering program at the University of Toronto — was most recently CEO of the messaging site Vleepo .
He grew up in the Belleville area where his father , Nick Staikos , is a well-known developer .
None of it part of the gumbo that earned his file the banal title : Homicide # 38/2018 .
There are three types of drug dealers : The ones that sneak around under the darkness of night in alleys , and those that sneak around in broad daylight in lavish offices at pharmaceutical companies , and the third type : prescribing physicians that disregard the Hippocratic Oath and choose to do harm instead .
The first type was recently arrested in Appalachia ; brothers from Detroit who hired locals to pander their poison potions . Outsiders who used insiders to feed the addiction monster .
According to the Herald Dispatch , on April 17 , a drug trafficking sweep called “ Operation Saigon Sunset , ” arrested multiple criminals and turned off the drug pipeline between West Virginia and Michigan—for a while anyway .
“ More than 200 federal , state and local law enforcement officers took part in Tuesday 's take-down effort , according to U.S. Attorney Mike Stuart — including Huntington Police , Drug Enforcement Administration , Cabell and Wayne county sheriffs and Marshall University police . The West Virginia National Guard also provided personnel to support the operation , ” Courtney Hessler reported .
But , individuals with drug addictions caused the supply from their demand . Without addicts—no payoff for drug dealers .
And the victims : neglected children , distressed parents , distraught spouses , devastated friends , alarmed residents , and troubled communities—held hostage by the opioid epidemic .
And then there 's the disease of addiction . A monster that robs individuals of relationships , jobs , vehicles , homes , and bank accounts . It ravishes self-respect , self-esteem , and self-love . The monster kills by way of overdose , a drug deal gone bad , infectious diseases , or other methods . And finally the addiction monster sucks the last gulp of air and puts a human being in a graveyard . Children cry . Spouses grieve . Parents mourn . Friends lament . And society sees a wasted life .
But , the addicted are both criminals and victims ; the two-sided coin analogy applies .
Female adult survivors of child sexual abuse are nearly three times more likely to report substance use problems and male adult survivors of sexual abuse victims are 2.6 times more likely , according to statistics from Darkness to Light . ( www.d2l.org/ )
Many of my former clients with addictions spilled out their horrendous sexual abuse stories . The females were sexually abused by fathers , stepfathers , brothers , stepbrothers , male babysitters , or male friends of the family . The males were sexually abused by male babysitters , camp counselors , older male cousins , or boyfriends of mothers . Many victims self-medicate after traumatic experiences .
Should law enforcement round up the predators/perpetrators who sexually assaulted children who grew up to become adults who used illicit drugs to escape horrific childhood suffering ? I 'm not one for vigilante justice , but each individual with an addiction has a story . Can we acknowledge the face behind the addiction and offer compassion and treatment options ?
And when is jail/prison an alternative for an addicted person ? Sometimes tough love , accountability , and consequences are part of the solution . A safe society for citizens is fundamental . That 's the purpose for laws , police , courts , judges ; both punishment and rehabilitation .
Let 's contemplate on the lives of the drug dealers as well . Were they children of drug-addicted parents , incarcerated parents , abusive parents ?
According to the National Institute of Drug Abuse , “ Abundant research in psychology , human development , and other fields has shown that events and circumstances early in peoples ' lives influence future decisions , life events , and life circumstances—or what is called the life course trajectory. ” ( www.drugabuse.gov/ )
Nonetheless , dirty needles left in playgrounds by addicted individuals are disconcerting . The shakedown of adolescents outside malls is disturbing . Home invasions , robberies , and muggings for money and/or legal pain prescriptions are frightful .
According to USA Today , “ Across the country , more than 100,000 doctors , nurses , technicians and other health professionals struggle with abuse or addiction , mostly involving narcotics such as Oxycodone and Fentanyl . ”
Addiction does n't care if a person is poor or rich ; white collar or blue collar ; young or old ; white or black ; male or female .
I think we can all agree that the drug addiction monster destroys human lives .
https : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/07/web1_Melissa-Martin-1.jpg
By Melissa Martin , Ph.D Contributing Columnist
Melissa Martin , Ph.D , is an author , columnist , educator , and therapist . She resides in southern Ohio . www.melissamartinchildrensauthor.com .
Melissa Martin , Ph.D , is an author , columnist , educator , and therapist . She resides in southern Ohio . www.melissamartinchildrensauthor.com .
A 16-year-old boy critically injured in a serious single-vehicle crash west of London Sunday has died of his injuries in hospital , Middlesex OPP said .
Emergency crews were dispatched to the scene on Coldstream Road between Gold Creek Drive and Lamont Drive around 4:23 p.m. after a northbound Subaru car left the roadway , entered the northeast ditch , struck a tree , and caught on fire , police said .
The vehicle 's driver and lone occupant was ejected in the crash , and was rushed to hospital with life-threatening injuries .
On Monday , police said the driver , identified as Cameron Ferguson , 16 , of Middlesex Centre , Ont. , had succumbed to his injuries in hospital .
No further information has been released .
OPP Technical Traffic Collision Investigators attended the scene , and Coldstream Road reopened to traffic just before midnight , police said .
Cazenovia mummy makes hospital visit to undergo medical testing
Dr. Stuart Singer , right , a radiologist who lives in Cazenovia , prpeares to take biopsies from Hen , the Cazenovia Public Library 's 2,000-year-old mummy on Sunday night , Dec. 10 , at Crouse Hospital . ( photo by Jason Emerson )
Hen undergoes new battery of tests in hopes updated technology will reveal new facts about his life and death 2,000 years ago
BY Jason Emerson
Editor
On a cold , snowy Sunday night , when the Cazenovia Public Library was closed and silent as a tomb , members of the library staff opened the glass case containing Hen , the library 's Egyptian mummy . Standing silently by was an official from the Onondaga County Coroner 's Office , who carefully placed this 2,000-year-old relic onto a stretcher , covered it with a sheet and deposited the body into the office “ bus ” for a ride to Crouse Hinds Hospital in the city .
It was the first time in years the case had been opened ; and the first time in 10 years that Hen had been moved .
The silence of the event was not somber , but excited — Hen was about to undergo medical tests and technological examinations that would , hopefully , offer new information about the library 's famous resident and help bring the story — and the humanity — of this long-dead person into brighter , clearer detail .
“ My goal overall is to make this mummy a person ; the more information we can get about Hen — who he was , how he lived , how he died — the more respect we can have for him , ” said library Director Betsy Kennedy . “ I want people to think of Hen as a person and not as an oddity . ”
Hen came to Cazenovia in 1894 , the gift of resident Robert J. Hubbard , as an addition to the library museum . Hubbard — who donated the current library building in 1890 specifically to be the community library and museum — purchased the mummy in Cairo , Egypt while he was on tour in that country .
“ The mummy is a fine one and in a good state of preservation . It is in the later period when Greek art asserted itself in Egypt . Its age is somewhere about 2,000 years , ” reported the Cazenovia Republican on April 5 , 1894 . The mummy was unveiled to the public on Jan. 31 , 1895 during the “ mummy tea ” event , in which patrons could see Hubbard 's reliquaries for the first time and enjoy a cup of tea for 10 cents . The proceeds of the event went to the library .
The mummy , along with numerous other ancient Egyptian artifacts that make up the library 's Egypt Room , became a major , and famous , part of the Cazenovia Public Library and Museum , and even today is a staple of educational visits by regional high school students , tourists and locals bringing in out-of-town visitors .
Having a mummy in the Cazenovia Public Library is “ an opportunity to learn about another culture , ” Kennedy said . “ It 's such an incredible gift that shows Mr. Hubbard 's generosity . There 's also a pride ; and the community feels that pride . ”
Sunday night was not the first time Hen had made the trip to Crouse Hospital . His first visit was in March 2006 , when he underwent a CAT scan that created a three-dimensional hologram of the body inside the ancient wrappings — an image that is currently on display at the Cazenovia Public Library as part of the overall mummy exhibit — as well as the discovery of what appeared to be a cancerous tumor in his left leg .
The results of that scan offered everyone a huge surprise : Hen was thought since 1894 to be female ( An Egyptian princess , in fact , Hubbard was told when he bought her ) but was , actually , male .
“ How am I going to tell the third graders ? ” Kennedy said at the time .
The new set of tests on Sunday were done in an effort to see if updated technology could reveal new and previously unknown aspects of Hen 's life and death — particularly about the tumor in his leg and the prevalence of the cancer in his body .
The new CAT scan results are expected to be much crisper and clearer than those from 2006 , Kennedy said . As one doctor told her : the 2006 machine is a relic of the “ dark ages ” compared to the 2017 version .
A biopsied piece of the tumor on Hen 's left leg . ( photo by Jason Emerson ) Hen being removed from the library Museum Room . ( photo by Jason Emerson ) Dr. Stuart Singer , right , a radiologist who lives in Cazenovia , prpeares to take biopsies from Hen , the Cazenovia Public Library 's 2,000-year-old mummy on Sunday night , Dec. 10 , at Crouse Hospital . ( photo by Jason Emerson ) Hen in the CAT scan machine at Crouse Hospital ( photo by Jason Emerson )
Dec. 10 , 2017 event
The Dec. 10 trip to Crouse for Hen started at 5 p.m. with the opening of the glass case and ended when he was returned to his case around 10 p.m .
After the case was opened — which allowed a smell of resin to permeate the small Egypt room — and Hen was placed on the stretcher , he was driven to Crouse Hospital in the Onondaga County Coroner 's vehicle by Ron Brunelli of the county coroner 's office and David Butler of TLC Emergency Medical .
Kennedy rode with Hen in the back . “ I will be there hovering the whole time , ” she said before they left . “ I 'm pretty nervous , but I think it will be fine ; we just have to be super careful . ”
At Crouse , Hen was wheeled into the radiology department where Dr. Mark Levinsohn supervised CAT scans of the mummy . Levinsohn , a retired radiologist from Crouse , also performed the 2006 CAT scan on Hen .
“ It 's déjà vu ; it 's wonderful to have the opportunity to do this , ” he said . “ I consider this mummy to be a community treasure … it 's very interesting to see how much interest there is in the community for this . ”
As the scans were done , dozens of people watched the event take place , including Cazenovia Public Library staff , hospital doctors , nurses and personnel , and multiple members of television and print media .
“ This is a lot different than last time , ” Kennedy said . “ Last time there was no news here at all . ”
After the CAT scans were completed , Hen was wheeled down to another floor to undergo biopsies by radiologist Dr. Stuart Singer , a resident of Cazenovia . Using tiny needles and a power drill , Singer was able to successfully extract pieces of the bone tumor from Hen 's left leg , a piece of muscle from Hen 's right leg and a piece of Hen 's lung . All three pieces will be analyzed in an attempt to better understand the type of cancer in Hen 's leg , and whether it migrated up into his lung or the abnormality in his lung was something else such as tuberculosis .
“ Glad I had a power drill this time , ” said Singer , who also participated in the 2006 testing of Hen . “ I got really good specimens of the leg muscle , and pretty good specimens of the leg tumor and the lung . ”
Dr. Anthony E. Shrimpton , director of molecular diagnostics at Upstate Medical University , will test some of the biopsied pieces to see if he can get an DNA to check for any type of mutation to identify the type of tumor on Hen 's leg . “ I 'm not really optimistic . We did try this before ( in 2006 ) and got nothing , ” he said .
The results of all the biopsy and CAT scan analyses will likely take 2 to 3 months and will be completed at Upstate Medical University , Levinsohn said . “ I feel satisfied with [ what we 've done tonight ] but I 'm not sure we 'll get the results we want , ” he said at the end of the evening .
Levinsohn and the other doctors involved in the testing have agreed to present their findings to the public at the Cazenovia Public Library next tear . Levinsohn also hopes to publish his findings about the tumor in a national journal .
In addition to all the medical diagnostics surrounding the mummy , there will also be a new 3-D print made of the object inside Hen 's abdomen . The item , which is clearly visible in the 2006 CAT scan , is thought to be a statue of some kind , although British Egyptologist Dr. Robert Loynes , at the Manchester [ England ] Museum Project , believes it is folded up wrappings placed in the body as a cavity filler or perhaps the empty sac of an internal organ . The new CAT scans may help to clear up the disagreement , Kennedy said .
In the end , Hen returned to Cazenovia with a few of his wrappings loosened , and the eyes of his death mask having fallen off , but no major damage was done — and a bevy of new information could be on the horizon . For Kennedy , the generosity of everyone involved in the project was something she could not praise enough . All the medical professionals , the hospital and the county coroner 's office donated their time and equipment free of charge to the event . “ I am just so grateful , ” she said .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
LANSING , Mich. ( AP )  Michigan officials have released a tentative plan for reducing nutrient pollution that causes ugly and potentially toxic algal blooms in western Lake Erie .
The U.S. and Canada have agreed to seek a 40 percent cut in phosphorus flows into the lake by 2025 . Phosphorus feeds algae-like bacteria that forced a temporary tap-water shutdown in Toledo , Ohio , and southeastern Michigan in 2014 .
Michigan 's plan released Tuesday proposes steps for achieving the phosphorus cutbacks .
They include continuing to reduce discharges from sewage treatment plants and studying causes of harmful algal blooms .
Also suggested are encouraging farmers to use best-management practices that prevent manure and fertilizer runoff from flowing into tributary streams , as well as stream measurements to document how well the efforts are working .
The draft is available for review at http : //www.michigan.gov/deqgreatlakes .
Melania Trump appeared to avoid holding the president 's hand during a recent photo op with the French president and his wife .
This is n't the first time they 've had an awkward handholding interaction in public .
Experts say public handholding can be a sign that you 're a close couple — though some political couples avoid any kind of PDA .
Donald and Melania 's hands are once again drawing eyes all over the world , after yet another botched attempt at a public display of affection .
During a photo op Tuesday on the South Lawn , with French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte , cameras recorded the president attempting to hold his wife 's hand . ( You can watch the video on C-SPAN , and Twitter user BetsyBits tweeted a clip from MSNBC . )
He even wiggled his pinky finger toward her as she moved her hand away and appeared to inhale deeply . Finally , Melania seemed to relent and the couple clasped hands .
The Trumps have danced this dance before . In March , ABC News captured footage of Donald Trump running up the stairs to board Air Force One — leaving behind his wife in high heels and a skirt .
When they disembarked , ABC footage shows Trump repeatedly trying to grab Melania 's hand while she eludes his grasp . It 's unclear whether Melania 's behavior was a deliberate snub or whether she was simply trying to keep her outfit together .
NBC footage from February 2018 shows a similarly awkward interaction — Melania 's hand was underneath her coat , which was draped over her shoulders .
Not too long before , it was reported that Trump allegedly had an affair with porn star Stormy Daniels and allegedly paid her to stay quiet about it .
And in May 2017 , Israeli newspaper Haaretz showed Melania swatting away the president 's hand during their visit to Tel Aviv .
The president 's attempts to show the world he loves his wife have often been the subject of ridicule . In September 2017 , Jimmy Kimmel poked fun at Trump giving his wife a firm handshake at a commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the Air Force . Kimmel called it `` the most uncomfortable display of affection between any husband and wife this year . ''
Handholding can be a 'public demonstration about coupledom '
As for the significance of handholding , Dalton Conley , a professor of sociology at Princeton University , told The New York Times in 2006 : `` It 's less about sex than about a public demonstration about coupledom . ''
The Times article cited a study published in the journal Psychological Science , which found that when happily married women held their spouses ' hand while they received mild electric shocks , the parts of their brain associated with pain were less active than when they were n't holding their spouse 's hand .
Interestingly , Prince William and Kate Middleton rarely hold hands in public . As INSIDER 's Kristin Salaky reported , the couple is likely following Queen Elizabeth 's lead , and the queen generally does n't hold hands with her husband in public .
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle , on the other hand , have been seen cuddling and holding hands .
Ultimately , we ca n't say for sure what 's causing Melania to appear to avoid holding her husband 's hand . It could be that they have two different approaches to how much PDA is acceptable .
- Advertisement -
Children 's rights activists have condemned the pardon of two child rapists by the Tanzanian president .
Kate McAlpine , director of the Arusha-based Community for Children Rights , told the BBC she was “ horrified but unsurprised ” .
John Magufuli made the pardon in his independence day speech on Saturday .
Singer Nguza Viking , known as Babu Seya , and his son Johnson Nguza , known as Papii Kocha , were pardoned for raping 10 primary schoolgirls .
Mr Magufuli did not explain why he pardoned the pair .
Ms McAlpine said the pardon illustrated Mr Magufuli showed a “ lack of understanding about violence against children ” .
She linked this latest speech to his June announcement where he banned pregnant schoolgirls from returning to school .
- Advertisement -
“ He has a blind spot when it comes to recognising children as victims . Pregnant schoolgirls are pregnant because they are victims of violence . ”
Child rape cases in Tanzania tend to be dealt with between families , or rapists have been known to pay off police and court staff , Ms McAlpine said .
“ It 's extremely rare for child rape cases to get to court in Tanzania , ” she said , and even rarer for the culprits to get life sentences .
Despite this , Viking and Nguza were sentenced to life in prison for raping 10 girls in 2003 aged between six and eight years who were pupils at a primary school in the Tanzanian city Dar es Salaam .
They had served 13 years of their sentence when they were released on Saturday .
Local media say the singers were met by cheering crowds when they emerged from jail .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Shares in multi-level marketing companies Herbalife Ltd , NU Skin Enterprises Inc and USANA Health Sciences Inc tumbled in high volume on Monday after a Chinese government website announced a crackdown on pyramid schemes .
NEW YORK : Shares in multi-level marketing companies Herbalife Ltd , NU Skin Enterprises Inc and USANA Health Sciences Inc tumbled in high volume on Monday after a Chinese government website announced a crackdown on pyramid schemes .
The State Administration for Industry & Commerce of the People 's Republic of China website posted a statement in Chinese . A translation in Google showed that the statement said the government was launching a three-month campaign against recruitment by pyramid sellers . The report did not name any of the three companies . ( http : //bit.ly/2w7YQKK )
Herbalife dropped more than 5 percent to end at a three-month low of US $ 62.42 , Nu Skin fell over 7 percent to US $ 56.01 , the lowest close since May 31 . Direct-seller USANA Health Sciences tumbled 7.5 percent to US $ 54.40 , its lowest close since mid April .
The three fell in much larger than usual trading volume .
Even after Monday 's drop , Herbalife stock remained up nearly 30 percent in 2017 and Nu Skin had gained 17.2 percent . USANA in 2017 has lost 11.1 percent .
China accounted for about 11 percent of Herbalife 's revenue in the second quarter .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The report comes as big-name fund managers disclosed their holdings as of the end of last quarter , with Herbalife stock sometimes caught in the middle of large bets .
Capital Group Cos Inc filings on Monday showed its Herbalife stock holdings fell by 80 percent to 275,000 shares during the June 30 quarter . The company manages American Funds . Soros Fund Management dissolved a 5,100-share stake in Herbalife , filings showed .
Investor William Ackman is famously short Herbalife , saying it will crumble under regulatory scrutiny for what he has called a pyramid scheme . Herbalife has vehemently denied that claim .
Operators of pyramid schemes typically try to make money by recruiting new members , who pay fees , rather than relying on the sale of goods .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
( Reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Trevor Hunnicutt in New York , Noel Randewich in San Francisco and Molly Mu in Toronto )
2017 QUEENSLAND CHAMPIONSHIPS
17-year-old Ariarne Titmus smashed a new Australian national record en route to gold in the women 's 400m freestyle at the Brisbane Aquatic Centre tonight . The teen cruised to a solid morning outing of 4:12.56 to take the 2nd seed at these Queensland Championships behind Olympian Jess Ashwood , only to hack off almost 10 seconds to register a winning effort of 4:02.86 this evening . That time checks-in not only as Titmus ' personal best , but the mark also overtakes Ashwood 's previous NR of 4:03.34 from 2015 .
Titmus already turned heads this year by making her first senior international team at just 16 . She scored new age records in both the 800m freestyle and 400m freestyle this past April to race her way onto the green and gold 's squad for Budapest , where she finished 4th overall in the 400m in a time of 4:04.26 .
Tonight , the teen from Tasmania split 57.90/1:01.53/1:01.91/1:01.52 to outdo Ashwood 's old record and take the Queensland title by well over 6 seconds . Her time would have bumped her up to bronze place in Budapest , finishing only behind American legend Katie Ledecky and her Olympic teammate Leah Smith .
World rankings-wise , Titmus now sits as the # 2 swimmer in the world , with her 4:02.86 stunner sitting only behind China 's Li Bingjie .
Just as a point of reference , Ledecky 's fastest outing at the age of 17 was the 3:58.37 she produced at the 2014 Pan Pac Championships . However , Titmus ' time of 4:02.86 is positioned as what would have been Ledecky 's 5th fastest effort at the same age in a range for the American that spanned the aforementioned 3:58 to 4:08.49 .
1 of 8
Easter memories❤️ A post shared by Tina Knowles ( @ mstinalawson ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 2:57pm PDT Bey 's 63-year-old momager also shared a video from the top-secret soiree that shows Bey and Jay-Z surrounded by close friends and family !
This is fun ! Go to bed Tina 😀 A post shared by Tina Knowles ( @ mstinalawson ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 11:32pm PDT Although the girl group Destiny 's Child is no longer together , former member Kelly Rowland , 36 , is still part of the family , according to Ms. Knowles .
INSTAR Images As Radar previously reported , Beyonce and Jay-Z are anxiously awaiting twins , and a source told Radar that — although they likely have a few months more to wait — the Bey-Bey 's nursery is ready to go !
INSTAR Images “ Beyonce and Jay-Z have completely finished the nursery and have stocked it with everything imaginable that the babies will need , ” said the source .
💕 A post shared by Beyoncé ( @ beyonce ) on Feb 23 , 2017 at 2:07pm PST “ They also just finished the process of choosing new nannies for the twins , and included their daughter Blue Ivy in the selection because she needs to be comfortable with the new hired help , ” the insider told Radar . “ Right now , Bey and Jay have so much love for one another and have never been more united as a couple . ”
At least two federal government institutions , a filling station , three major hotels , as well as the complex of a telecommunications company were Wednesday sealed off by the Enugu State Government for alleged failure to remit about N30 billion in taxes to the coffers of the state government .
The affected institutions include the National Orientation Agency ( NOA ) , National Examination Council ( NECO ) , the Micro-Finance bank of the University of Nigeria ( UNN ) , Golden Royale , Brifina and Blue Island Hotels , Etisalat office and a filling station .
The state government has also threatened to seal off the University of Nigeria ( UNN ) campuses in Nsukka and Enugu for alleged failure to remit about N12 billion in taxes to the coffers of the state government
They were sealed off at about 6am by the officials of the state Board of Internal Revenue who were accompanied by riot policemen .
Briefing journalists after the “ sting operation ” , the chairman of the board , Emeka Odo , said the board had obtained exparte orders from the state High Court to seal off the affected institutions .
He said they would remain under lock and key until they remit to the state government all the taxes they had collected and withheld .
He noted that government had encouraged individual tax payers and tax agents to comply voluntarily by paying their taxes promptly , adding that the process of remittances of government revenues have been reformed in order to make it easy for institutions to pay their taxes like other corporate citizens .
“ In the past one year , we have written the affected institutions severally and held meetings with them on the subject matter but they would rather hold on to government funds illegally . Their action has been denying the state government of the funds it needs to execute its developmental programmes with would impact positively on the lives of the people .
“ We were left with no other option than to invoke the laws by obtaining an exparte order which has enabled us to seal the institutions , ” he said .
On the University of Nigeria , Odoh said as the highest employer of labour outside the state government , the university had refused to remit over N12 billion from deductions they made from workers , a situation he said was not helpful to the state government .
He however said the agency refused to seal off the institution at the same time with others because of its determination to follow through with all the procedures .
The chairman insisted that once the necessary court orders were obtained , the agency will not hesitate to seal off the university campuses in the state .
He asked the university authority led by the vice-chancellor , bursar and registrar to quickly do the needful before it becomes too late .
He also expressed delight that the agency 's resort to seal off institutions indebted to the state government had continued to yield positive results , adding that the agency recovered over N2 billion last year .
Looking to make virtual reality ( VR ) more social , launched a new app called Oculus Venues Wednesday that allows headset users to watch concerts , sports games and other live events together .
Some of the events available on Oculus Venues in the coming weeks include a Vance Joy concert this Wednesday night , a weekly MLB game starting with the San Francisco Giants vs. the Arizona Diamondbacks on June 6 , LA 's weekly “ School Night ” concert series , a weekly gig at the Gotham Comedy Club and a number of movie showings courtesy of Lionsgate , with titles including “ Reservoir Dogs , ” “ Apocalyspe Now ” and “ National Lampoon 's Van Wilder . ”
Oculus recently demonstrated Venues to a group of a few dozen journalists , inviting them to join the company in virtual reality for a faux live viewing of a basketball game . Participants had to create an Oculus avatars first , and were then transported directly into what can best be described as the dedicated VR seating section of a sports arena , with direct view of the action .
There , one could watch the game surrounded by roughly 30-40 avatars , and talk to them via voice chat . Just in real life , participants could overhear the conversations of their seat neighbors . You could also easily change your seat , and there were some controls to adjust the audio of both the game and the VR crowd .
Related Sheryl Sandberg Lays Out the Plan to Fix Facebook Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg Addresses the E.U . 's Data Privacy Law at Paris ' Viva Tech
Oculus Venues does require a account , and by default shares some basic interests with other users . However , the app does n't share any real names with users until after they have befriended each other on Oculus . Users who find the social experience too distracting can opt to ditch their friends at any point , and continue to view the event from a private , single-person VR suite .
Before entering an event , Oculus is instructing users to abide by their terms of conduct to prevent harassment . The company also makes it possible for anyone to report other users , complete with a short video clip of the harasser . However , the reporting functionality takes you out of the actual Venues app , which means that users could potentially have to choose between enduring harassment , and missing a part of the game .
Facebook first unveiled Oculus Venues at its f8 developer conference in April as part of a line-up of social apps that also included Oculus Rooms , a personal living room app where users can meet up with friends and play board games together , as well as Oculus TV , a still-unreleased social TV viewing experience .
The goal of all of these apps clearly is to make VR more attractive by making it about communication and social interaction as much as about gaming and other content consumption . Whether that works will depend in part on the content line-up Facebook can secure for Venues — and the company clearly got big plans for live events : In addition to the aforementioned games and concerts , Facebook also plans to add NBA League Pass games , additional live concerts and still-unannounced Showtime content to venues in the coming months .
This has got pretty nasty ....
Katie Price has found herself in a brutal war of words after she slammed Celebrity Big Brother star Trisha Paytas for quitting the show .
The glamour model branded YouTube star Trisha ‘ weak ' for deciding to leave the house early when she appeared on Big Brother 's Bit On The Side this weekend , something that soon sparked an angry response from Trish herself .
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Katie Price has plans for a £300,000 makeover
‘ hey @ KatiePrice it 's not weakness when you walk away from a toxic situation . it 's weakness to stay in one like you did with your marriages , ' the 29-year-old posted on Twitter .
Trish was also fuming that Katie , 39 , had suggested that many people do n't know who she is and did n't hold back in her response…
‘ hey @ KatiePrice no one in America knows the f * * * you are , so sad you only have # cbb to hang on to your pathetic career , ' the internet star Tweeted .
Trish also labelled the mum-of-five an ‘ ignorant b * * ch ' and ‘ miserable ' . OUCH .
Whilst Katie has n't directly responded to the comments , the row is far from over as she 's found herself being trolled by Trisha 's fans .
On Instagram Pricey has been inundated with snake emojis from Trish 's followers in the comments section and has also faced a barrage of vicious remarks .
‘ What an Irrelevant , miserable woman . YOU HAVE ZERO PERSONALITY , ' one post reads , whilst another harsh comments says : ‘ No amount of photoshop and plastic surgery can save you '
Some even made cruel remarks about Katie 's children and posted them on a video of her son Jett looking at his birthday presents .
Katie 's fans have since come to her defence in the row and hit out at Trisha 's fanbase for trolling her .
‘ seriously ? On a picture of children ! you should take a long , hard look in the mirror , you have the morals of a rat , ' one of her Instagram fans wrote .
Another urged the star : ‘ Katie you really need to put your Instagram on private and delete all these nasty comments they are attacking your kids over it in here it 's wrong '
It comes after Katie – who won CBB herself back in 2015 – said of Trisha during her appearance on BBBOTS : ‘ Anyone who walks out – that 's a sign of weakness .
‘ It 's alright for her in the house to give it all the mouth , but as soon as it 's turned on her or she 's not getting her own way – by walking out she thinks she 's going to get the attention .
‘ But sod if I do n't care how many views she 's got on YouTube or whatever , I 've never heard of her . Jog on dot com . '
Ayoub el Kaabi hopes to complete a meteoric rise from lower league to international football by helping hosts Morocco defeat Nigeria Sunday in the African Nations Championship ( CHAN ) final .
Few outside the north African kingdom had heard of the 24-year-old striker before the mid January kick-off of the biennial tournament restricted to footballers playing in their country of birth .
Now , most African football followers from Cairo to Cape Town know El Kaabi , the 1.82-metre goalmouth predator who has scored a record eight goals in a single edition of the CHAN .
Despite starting only two of three group games , the Moroccan equalled the five-goal benchmark set by Zambian Given Singuluma in the Ivory Coast nine years ago .
He then raised the bar by opening the scoring in a quarter-final victory over Namibia and bagged a brace as Morocco overcame Libya after extra time to reach the final .
His amazing haul came just a year after he 's scoring 25 goals in 33 matches as Racing Casablanca won promotion to the first division .
Those scoring exploits caught the attention of top-flight outfit Renaissance Berkane , who signed El Kaabi and have been rewarded by 11 goals from him in 17 matches .
Before the fifth CHAN began , most of the talk around the Moroccan attack centred on Achraf Bencharki , the leading scorer for 2017 CAF Champions League winners Wydad Casablanca .
But Saudi Arabia-bound Bencharki , who joins Al Hilal after the CHAN , has been continually overshadowed by El Kaabi .
“ Ayoub is the complete striker , a fantastic footballer , ” Bencharki told AFP . “ With him in the team , defeating Nigeria and winning the CHAN is a realistic goal . ”
Midfielder Walid el Karti weighed in : “ El Kaabi is such a humble footballer and a great team person . He remains grounded after individual feats , like his hat-trick against Guinea . ”
Morocco and Nigeria met in a 2014 CHAN quarter-final with the west Africans overturning a three-goal half-time deficit to triumph 4-3 after extra time in South Africa .
Nigerian Rabiu Ali , at 37 the second oldest 2018 CHAN footballer , scored during that remarkable comeback and is a likely starter against Morocco at the Stade Mohammed V in Casablanca .
His team-mates Anthony Okpotu and Gabriel Okechukwu could trouble the hosts with their huge physiques , pace and directness , which have already having yielded two goals each .
Both finalists qualified with four victories and a draw and Nigeria appear capable of at least running Morocco close in a competition that has produced largely one-sided finals .
The Democratic Republic of Congo won the 2009 and 2016 title deciders by margins of two and three goals , and Tunisia triumphed by three goals in 2011 .
Libya , the 2014 champions , were the exception , edging Ghana on penalties after a goalless final .
THE ANNOUNCEMENT of the new course of the 90-kilometer bike leg of the Regent Aguila Ironman 70.3 Asia Pacific Championship happening on August 5 got mixed reactions from participants .
The new bike course will have participants doing three loops within the cities of Lapu-Lapu and Mandaue , passing through the narrow roads of Lapu-Lapu and crossing the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge six times .
While many were elated that a new bike course was found and that the race will push through , some expressed concerns for their safety .
John Philip Dueñas , who has had several podium finishes in the Filipino Elite category of this race , said that the organizers should prioritize the safety of the participants , considering that the covered roads are known to be crowded with people and vehicles .
“ The second and third loops are crowded . The route is okay , but the safety of the participants should be prioritized because this area is a bit crowded , and also safety in the looping , ” said Dueñas .
Voltaire Montebon , who has been racing in the Ironman 70.3 for the past six years , shared the same sentiment .
“ Should be safety first . We need more marshals especially at the crowded areas and narrow places because people there are careless [ when ] crossing the streets , and there will be a lot of tricycles . ”
As for Hazel Busa , another consistent participant of the race , she said the route is dangerous for women and newbies . She and several of her friends are contemplating on asking for a refund or hoping the organizers will allow them to choose from among their other organized races .
“ Safety of the participants and spectators must always override potential economic loss , ” said Abby Ponce , another participant . “ I hope the organizers and authorities hear our concerns , mainly safety . ”
Others , however , find the bridge part of a challenge and are already planning their training for it . Some said they prefer crossing the bridge several times than having to contend with the winds at the SRP .
“ For my part , this route is very challenging because we will be crossing the bridge six times because of the three loops . Last year , we were up against the winds at the SRP , ” said Banjo Norte , one of the Filipino elite top contenders .
“ Those who are aiming for the best time should forget about it because this is a difficult route . For me , the bridge is bearable , what 's dangerous is if the elite and pros will be caught in traffic at the 2nd and 3rd loop because that 's where the age groupers will mostly be , ” said Mendel Lopez , another consistent participant of the race .
Two games into the season is hardly the time to panic , especially when the team in question is the Pittsburgh Penguins — a team that has won back-to-back Stanley Cups while overcoming quite a bit of adversity each time ( a mid-season coaching change one year ; a significant injury to one of their best players in the other ) .
But that does n't mean it is n't a bit of an eye-opener when they open the season with back-to-back losses , giving up 15 goals in the process while getting completely annihilated on Thursday night in Chicago by a 10-1 margin .
Mike Sullivan called it a “ wake-up call ” on Friday in advance of their Stanley Cup Final rematch against Nashville on Saturday night and insisted that nobody is hitting the panic button .
Sullivan : `` It 's early , nobody 's hitting the panic button here , but when you get beat the way we did last night , it 's a wake-up call '' -MC — Pens Inside Scoop ( @ PensInsideScoop ) October 6 , 2017
Quite honestly , they should n't be . But that does n't mean there is n't reason for at least some mild concern with the way the team has looked through the first two games .
One of the more astonishing things about their Stanley Cup run a season ago is that they did it with what was a mostly patchwork defense that was without its best player in Kris Letang .
Overall , they were not a great defensive team during the 2016-17 season . They finished 17th in the league in goals against during the regular season , gave up more shots than your typical Stanley Cup winner does , and more often than not found themselves getting outshot and outchanced in the playoffs . What got them through it was two outstanding goaltending performances from Matt Murray and Marc-Andre Fleury , as well as the fact they had the best , and deepest group of forwards in the NHL that could pounce on any chance the opposition gave them and bury it in the back of the net .
The results were there in the short-term , but it was never a long-term recipe for success . The goaltending was always the key because without that level of play in the early rounds from Fleury they probably do n't get out of the first or second round . Once that goaltending performance dropped off a little , the flaws on defense were going to be exposed .
A lot of those flaws on defense still showed up through the first two games ( even with the return of Letang ) and the goaltending has not been able to bail them out so far .
Murray has n't quite gotten to his game yet , while new backup Antti Niemi fell on his face ( literally and figuratively ) in his debut with the team .
The question is whether or not they can remedy those flaws with the current roster .
The offseason saw the team lose forwards Nick Bonino , Matt Cullen and Chris Kunitz , while Patric Hornqvist has yet to play due to an injury . Losing Bonino and Cullen was a pretty big blow to their center depth ( that they still have not really replaced ) and with Hornqvist out of the lineup they are basically skating a couple of fourth lines when Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin are not on the ice and the defense still has its share of question marks , with the only change coming in the form of swapping out Trevor Daley and Ron Hainsey for Matt Hunwick .
They are still likely to swing a trade at some point to improve that center depth , and it seems logical to think that prized prospect Daniel Sprong might get the Jake Guentzel treatment this season and be a mid-season call-up after getting his feet wet in the American Hockey League .
That , along with the return of Hornqvist will certainly help fix those problems up front .
The problems on the back-end , however , might be a little more difficult to fix . Letang , when healthy , is a superstar and Justin Schultz has become the player everyone thought he could be in Edmonton . But beyond that it is still a group that has some question marks . It 's been said about that group a lot over the past two years , and they 've always found a way to overcome it and succeed , but the roster around them does not seem to be quite as strong on paper at the moment .
China starts 2017 engulfed by smog , issues pollution alerts
BEIJING ( AP ) – Beijing and other cities across northern and central China were shrouded in thick smog Monday , prompting authorities to delay dozens of flights and close highways .
The Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau extended an “ orange alert ” for heavy air pollution for three more days . Beijing 's smog had initially been forecast to lift by Monday .
The “ orange alert ” is the third level , preceding a “ red alert , ” in China 's four-tiered warning system . On Sunday , 25 cities in China issued “ red alerts ” for smog , which triggers orders to close factories , schools and construction sites .
Air pollution readings in northern Chinese cities were many times above the World Health Organization-designated safe level of 25 micrograms per cubic meter of PM 2.5 , the tiny , toxic particles that damage lung tissue . The readings exceeded 400 by Monday afternoon in several cities in the northern province of Hebei .
Expressways in Shijiazhuang , Hebei 's capital , and more than a half-dozen other cities there were temporarily closed , according to notices posted on the official microblog of the province 's traffic police .
In the central city of Zhengzhou , authorities ordered students from kindergarten through high school to stay home on Tuesday because of the smog .
More than 300 flights out of the northern city of Tianjin were canceled Sunday due to poor visibility .
Authorities have deployed teams of inspectors to check on polluting factories , reports said .
China has long faced some of the worst air pollution in the world , blamed on its reliance of coal for energy and factory production , as well as a surplus of older , less efficient cars on its roads .
Researchers at Germany 's Max Planck institute have estimated that smog has led to 1.4 million premature deaths per year in China , while the nonprofit group Berkeley Earth in California has had a higher figure , 1.6 million .
Following the bombshell report that Hollywood heavyweight Harvey Weinstein made at least eight settlements with women over the past few decades in response to sexual harassment claims , Brie Larson turned to Twitter to share one of her “ uncomfortable ” experiences as a woman .
“ I merely smiled at a TSA agent and he asked for my phone number , ” she tweeted . “ To live life as a woman is to live life on the defense . ”
Her tweet immediately sparked both applause and criticism , with some claiming that the TSA agent was trying to be a good guy while others argued , “ being polite is seen as an invitation for harassment by men . ”
Larson , who won an Oscar for portraying a kidnapping and sexual-assault survivor in “ Room ” and is a staunch advocate for women 's rights , defended her story and women who came forward .
“ As always , I stand with the brave survivors of sexual assault and harassment . It 's not your fault . I believe you , ” she wrote .
In a later tweet to a follower who criticized her , the 28-year-old actress wrote , “ I 'm inviting you to listen to my experience as a woman . Are you up to learning something that may challenge your current view ? ”
Larson thanked and commended other women on social media who came forward with their own “ uncomfortable ” experiences and ended her Twitter spree with a list of lessons for people to consider .
The crisis rocking the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bayelsa State chapter , worsened , on Wednesday , when the state party 's stakeholders disowned the duo of Chief Timipre Sylva and Minister of State for Agriculture , Senator Heineken Lokpobiri , as leaders of the party in the state .
The stakeholders led by former Speaker and former acting Governor of the state , Hon . Nestor Ibinabo , accused the two party chieftains of flouting regulations of the party by conducting parallel Congresses at their private homes where they allegedly compiled some names as elected officers .
Speaking to newsmen after a closed door meeting with APC National Chairman , Chief John Odigie-Oyegun , at the party 's national secretariat Abuja , the stakeholders said they visited to update the national leadership about what transpired in the state during the congresses .
“ We have come to confer with the party 's national leadership . You are aware that ward , local government and state congresses were held across the country . In Bayelsa , the congresses conducted by the panel sent to the state by the party leadership and which produced Joseph Fafi , the incumbent chairman of the party in the state are the genuine congresses .
“ Parallel Congresses we heard , were also held . And in a situation like this , as stakeholders we felt we should come and let the party know at the national level .
“ For us , we do n't know of any factional chairman of APC in Bayelsa state . We only know Fafi and it is only the Congress Fafi attended that is the authentic . We have not come to lodge any complain or address grievances .
“ We have come to say that what the Congress committee did in Bayelsa State in respect of the ward , local government and state congresses was the right thing , ” Ibinabo said .
Asked whether they are on the same page with the state leaders of the party , the leader of the delegation said : “ I think the constitution of our party does not give room to ascribing anybody as the leader of our party in the state . We are all equal members of the party . ”
“ We heard that former governor of the state , Chief Timipre Sylva and Minister of State for Agriculture , Heineken Lokpobiri , gathered certain persons in their home to conduct parallel congress . They wrote names of people as officers of the party at various levels during the congress , ” he said .
The delegation had Amb Kenneth Oboro , former House of Representatives member , Dr Stella Dogu , House of Assembly members , APC chairmen of six out of the eight local government areas of Bayelsa .
Vigil @ nce - Contao : Cross Site Scripting via newsletter
March 2018 by Vigil @ nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil @ nce : https : //vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An attacker can trigger a Cross Site Scripting via newsletter of Contao , in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site .
Impacted products : Contao .
Severity : 2/4 .
Creation date : 18/01/2018 .
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
The Contao product offers a web service .
However , it does not filter received data via newsletter before inserting them in generated HTML documents .
An attacker can therefore trigger a Cross Site Scripting via newsletter of Contao , in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site .
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL @ NCE BULLETIN
https : //vigilance.fr/vulnerability/ ...
Two choirs blew the audience away at an international concert in Hartlepool 's German twin town .
Hartlepool Male Voice Choir and Hartlepool Ladies ' Choir travelled to Hückelhoven over the Bank Holiday weekend to put on a show for their friends in their German counterpart choir .
Hartlepool Male Voice Choir and Hartlepool Ladies ' Choir performing in Germany .
Around 90 singers took part in the show which took place on Saturday , May 26 , at The Aula in the town .
Both choirs sang a number of songs separately and together to a crowd of around 500 people , which included German politicians .
The concert was the first one that Hartlepool Ladies ' Choir had been a part of since it formed 15 years ago .
Choir chairman Duncan Graham , 75 , from Seaton Carew , said : “ We were invited by the Hückelhoven male voice choir to sing at a concert in their concert hall .
“ The twinning between the two towns started in the 1970s and we have kept in touch with them .
“ The concert went really well and we had a standing ovation at the end . ”
The event had been organised by Stefan Jennessen , chairman of the MGV Hückelhoven-Kleingladbach , and Hartlepool Male Voice choir secretary Mick Waller .
Musical director David Gibson conducted both choirs during the concert , as they sang numbers including The Prayer and Ca n't Help Falling in Love With You - which included a verse in German .
Duncan added : “ We have been rehearsing since just after Christmas and also had the concert four weeks ago in Hartlepool 's St Mary 's Church .
“ We even had two members - Stan Lindridge and John Barker - who are in their 90s take part .
“ Stan was one of the founding members . “ It was a fantastic trip and we are expecting a party of them to come over next year as we celebrate out 60th anniversary . ”
The Hartlepool Male Voice Choir rehearses at The Corner Flag on Friday 's , while the Hartlepool Ladies ' Choir rehearse at Grange Road Methodist Church on Thursday 's .
This Saturday both choirs will be rehearsing at Hartlepool Six Form College ahead of their performance at the Royal Albert Hall in November where they will join with choirs from across the country in the Festival of Brass and Voices in aid of Cancer Research .
Hairdressing and beauty therapy students from Dundee & Angus College have brushed off the competition to strike gold seven times in the Scottish finals of the Association of Hairdressers and Therapists ( AHT ) Competition .
Students from both the Arbroath and Kingsway Campuses also took eight runners-up spots and landed third place a half-dozen times .
Darcie Westland , who is enrolled on level 6 beauty care , proved a real highlight of the evening by winning Student of the Year – in her first-ever competition .
The 19-year-old took top spot in the Classical Vintage Hollywood category and was runner-up in the face-painting contest .
The Brechin resident also took third place in the team bridal event with fellow student Lisa Innes from Dundee who
was pipped for top place in the ladies ' commercial cut and blow dry , coming second behind Brechiner Brooke Sandeman , with Stacey Lawson from Arbroath taking third place .
Amy Yeats , also from Arbroath , and Forfarian Saffron Gallimore were runners-up in the team bridal event with Amy also coming second in the fantasy : total look contest .
Making it a clean sweep in the category , Arbroath pair Shannon Allen and Dani Kelbie won the team bridal event .
Amy Gray , from Arbroath , was peerless in the ladies ' evening style category and also took third place in the first year commercial blow dry suitable for day wear . Helen Ross , Arbroath , was runner-up in ladies ' evening style .
Harriett Pitt , Arbroath , and Rachel Greig , Forfar , took gold and silver respectively in the men 's barbering cut and finish class while Karolina Janis and Agne Balciene , both Dundee , and Kirsty McWhirter , Edzell , polished off the opposition to take gold , silver and bronze in the commercial nail art category .
Other prize-winners included Dionne Johnstone and Jay Reilly , both Dundee , who took second and third place respectively in the ladies ' evening style competition ; and Wiktoria Skozen , also Dundee , who was third in the fantasy : total look class .
The college team of Leanne Buchanan , John Reilly , Danielle Heggie , Louise Carr , Stevie McLaren ( all Dundee ) , and Jacquelyne McDonald from Blairgowrie also took first place in the total look team presentation on the theme of Strictly Come Dancing .
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. -- Alan Trammell and Jack Morris , who were drafted and made their big league debuts together with the Detroit Tigers , met up again Monday -- this time as Hall of Famers .
`` It 's a awhile , '' Morris said , his voice cracking frequently during a news conference at the baseball winter meetings . `` It 's been a tremendous learning experience , something I do n't regret today . I 'm especially proud to go in with my friend , somebody who helped define what I was . It does n't get any better for me . ''
`` I feel a little bit out of place , '' Trammell said . `` Hall of Fame -- that has a good ring to it . But when I hear 'Alan Trammell , Hall of Fame ' , that has n't resonated yet . ''
Trammell and Morris were drafted by the Tigers in 1976 . They played together until 1990 , when Morris left as a free agent . Both remained on the BBWAA ballot for the maximum 15 years before their eligibility ended without election . Trammell reached as high as 40.9 percent in the balloting , while Morris hit 67.7 percent in 2013 -- less than 8 percent shy of the 75 percent threshold needed for election . The wait was arduous .
The 16-member Modern Baseball Era Committee , which includes Hall of Fame players , managers and executives , as well as media members , put Morris in with 14 votes . Trammell had 13 . Morris said he harbors no ill will toward the writers despite coming so close during that process .
`` The process did n't work for us for a lot of reasons , '' Morris said . `` I want all the writers to know , I 'm not mad at any of you . I appreciate and understand how difficult it had to be . ''
Alan Trammell and Jack Morris , once teammates with the Detroit Tigers , are teammates again in the 2018 class for the Baseball Hall of Fame . Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
During the lead-up to the balloting , most metrics-charged analysis of the balloting favored Trammell 's candidacy , along with that of catcher Ted Simmons , who fell one vote short . He said that in some ways , being selected by a panel of peers is even more meaningful than it would have been had he been picked by the writers .
`` I believe it 's even better , '' Trammell said . `` For my peers to recognize [ my career ] , that 's very much appreciated . '' Trammell hit .285 and collected 2,365 hits during his 20-year career , and won four Gold Gloves at shortstop , all with the Tigers . He teamed with second baseman Lou Whitaker for nearly all of those years , making the duo the longest-running double-play combo in baseball history . Trammell hopes that Whitaker will someday join him in Cooperstown .
`` The dream did n't happen that we would go in together , '' Trammell said . `` This year , I 'm going in with my other buddy , Jack . And I 'm grateful and honored . But I 'm hoping that someday there is some more talk and that [ Whitaker 's enshrinement ] does happen . ''
As for Morris , his Hall case has always been a flashpoint for modern analysts , using tools that , as Morris noted , did n't exist when he played . Morris was long favored by old-school benchmarks such as wins ( 254 ) and complete games ( 175 ) that have fallen out of favor in modern systems of evaluation . It 's a debate that Morris has remained aware of .
`` I had to grow and learn that maybe there were reasons why I should n't be in , '' Morris said . `` I did n't grow up learning the analytics that are in the game today . None of it was part of it . I always found it puzzling to wonder why I 'm being judged on a criterion that did n't even exist when we played . ''
Morris was already in Orlando when he received the call Sunday that he 'd finally made the Hall . Because the announcement was going to be broadcast nationally , he was asked to keep the information to himself for another half hour after he got the news . He lasted about 10 minutes .
`` I sat there for 10 minutes and said , ' I 've waited for 18 years . I 'm going call my wife , ' '' Morris said , his voice wavering once again . `` Calling my family was the most emotional part . ''
Trammell was en route to Orlando from San Diego and was departing his flight when he received the call . Like Morris , he was asked to keep the news under his hat at first , so he avoided his traveling companions , who included big league managers Bruce Bochy , Bud Black , Rich Renteria and Brad Ausmus , as well as former Padre Trevor Hoffman . Finally , as he approached the baggage claim area , time was up and he was able to share the excitement .
`` Right at 6:15 , I walk up and they are all waiting for me , '' Trammell said . `` I gave them a thumbs-up , and we took a little team picture then . ''
It took 41 years after being drafted and 15 years of disappointment in the writers ' balloting to bring Trammell and Morris together again . The wait was worth it . As for all the debates regarding Hall merit over the years ...
`` Now that I 'm in , '' Morris joked , `` I do n't have to worry about it anymore . ''
Some Muslims on the Ivory Coast have decided to deprive themselves of social media networks to devote more time to religious rites during the holy month of Ramadan.Members of the Muslim community say they prefer to spend their free time in prayer and reading the Quran rather than on social networks .
Facebook , Instagram , Snapchat and Twitter are popular platforms in the West African nation . In 2017 , Internet access recorded more than 17 million subscriptions , compared to 10 million in 2016 and 200,000 in 2011 , according to figures taken from Ivorian media reports .
Fatou Diallo , an Ivorian in her 30s , who is always active on social media networks decided to cut off the services at the beginning of Ramadan .
`` I have disconnected from social networks because it takes time . I realized that I had a tendency to easily get into an argument [ ... ] I completely disabled my Facebook account and others . I even uninstalled it from my phone , '' she said with a smile .
She now uses her free time for religious activities . `` The time I took to read the news on Facebook is time lost . Now , I spend this time reading the Quran so I can finish it during this month , '' Diallo said . `` Outside the networks , I have my phone that is still working and friends who want to reach me can do it . ''
Abu Sylla , a 32-year-old salesman , who has been very active on the Internet is also depriving himself from social media networks . This challenge , he says , is of spiritual benefit to him and it also allows him to maintain good health . `` I feel less tired when I wake up . I do not have as many headaches as when I stayed connected all the time , '' Sylla , a father of two said .
Unlike Fatou and Sylla , other Muslims continue to use social networks , but for religious purposes . Hamed Cissoko , an accountant who is always on the Internet for his job said that since the beginning of Ramadan , he navigates as little as possible .
`` I do not go on all the pages , I visit the sites specialized in the teaching of Islam , I watch only religious films , '' he confessed . Some Muslim associations are not left out . They use networks to make calls for charity and donations . The Muslim radio Al Bayane has called for donations on its Facebook page . The radio said they need 1 billion CFA francs ( $ 1.8 million ) for a Muslim television TV version of AL Bayane.Muslims account for 43 percent of the total population of 23.7 million , according to figures from the last 2014 census .
Karachi
Pakistan 's opening batsman Azhar Ali has moved up 10 places to reach a career-high sixth position in the ICC rankings for test batsmen after his brilliant individual performances at Melbourne .
Azhar scored over 1100 runs in 2016 , which include a triple century against West Indies and a double century – a first by any Pakistani in Australia – against the home team helped him improve from 20th position to the 6th in the year .
Younis Khan , who was among the top performers in 2015 , could n't continue his form in the year 2016 and ended the year at 14th place , after starting the season at 6th place .
Misbah ul Haq also failed to keep the momentum going and moved out of top 20 batsmen for the first time in five years . He is placed at 24 in the ICC rankings issued on Saturday . Last time Misbah was out of top the 20 batsman list was in May 2011 during the Pakistan vs West Indies series in West Indies .
Other prominent Pakistani batsmen included in the ICC rankings are Asad Shafiq , placed at number 21 and Sarfaraz Ahmed on the 27th position in the latest tables .
Among the bowlers , Pakistan 's Yasir Shah found a place on number 12 at the end of the year , after being the number one before playing his first Test in the year 2016 .
Wahab Riaz was at the 25th position while Rahat Ali finished the year at 31st place in the ICC rankings for Test bowlers.—AFP
Police have been unable to locate Tyson Cole , wanted for attempted murder and firearms offences
Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP are requesting the public 's assistance in locating a wanted man who may be in the Vernon area .
Tyson Darryl Cole is wanted for attempted murder and other firearm related offences .
Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP have made several attempts to locate Cole , however have been unsuccessful .
Cole is described as African American male , five-foot-eight , 165 pounds with black hair and brown eyes .
He is considered armed and dangerous , and police advise not to attempt to make contact with or apprehend him .
If you have any information about Tyson Cole , or where he might be , please contact the Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP at 250-545-7171 . Or remain anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 , or leave a tip online at www.nokscrimestoppers.com .
You do not have to reveal your identity to Crime Stoppers . If you provide information that leads to an arrest , you could be eligible for a cash reward .
newstips @ vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
WARSAW : A long-running dispute between Poland and the European Union over democratic values escalated on Wednesday when new legislation came into force that requires about a third of judges at the Supreme Court to retire .
The EU accuses Poland 's ruling right-wing Law and Justice party ( PiS ) of trying to control the judiciary and subvert democratic standards . Warsaw says the changes are needed to free the judiciary of communist-era thinking and practices .
Advertisement
The president of the Supreme Court , Malgorzata Gersdorf , defied the new law on Wednesday morning by going to her office as usual , to applause from hundreds of supporters who chanted `` constitution '' and sang the Polish national anthem .
`` My presence here is not about politics , I am here to protect the rule of law , '' she told reporters .
Gersdorf is 65 , the age at which judges are now required to retire , but a constitutional law expert said she met the conditions to remain in place until her six-year term has expired . Gersdorf became Supreme Court president in 2014 .
`` The law can not work retroactively . So this legislation ... is clearly unconstitutional ... and could lead to paralysis at the Supreme Court , '' said the expert , Marek Chmaj .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Addressing the European Parliament on Wednesday in Strasbourg , Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki defended his government 's overhaul of the judiciary .
`` Each EU state has the right to shape their legal system according to their own traditions , '' he said , adding that the EU should focus on external challenges and not wage a `` campaign '' against the democratically elected government of a member state .
PROTESTS
EU lawmakers gave Morawiecki a rough reception . Maltese lawmaker Roberta Metsola said the judicial reforms were about `` consolidating ( government ) control by weakening the institutions designed to keep you in check '' .
After staging protests on Tuesday outside the Supreme Court , Polish pro-democracy activists have vowed to hold more rallies around the country on Wednesday .
Lech Walesa , a Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and former president credited with bringing down Polish communism in 1989 , was expected to address a rally in Warsaw on Wednesday evening .
`` We are moving towards a dictatorship , '' said Joanna Tworog , a 65-year-old webmaster in the crowd supporting Gersdorf .
`` What if I have a court case against someone from PiS and they can influence judges ? These changes affect me personally . ''
Through legislation and personnel changes , PiS has already taken de facto control of much of the judicial system since taking power in 2015 , including the constitutional court and prosecutors , who now report directly to the justice minister .
Critics at home and abroad say the ruling party 's policies , which also include tighter control of public media , amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule .
The conflict has isolated Poland in Europe , where most governments are critical , while also exposing the EU 's inability to rein in governments it believes contradict core EU values .
The European Commission opened a fresh legal case against Poland over the Supreme Court changes on Monday , saying they undermine judicial independence in the largest ex-communist EU member state .
Warsaw faces the theoretical threat of losing its voting rights in the EU under a procedure launched late last year in response to the reforms . But Hungary , also facing criticism over democratic standards , has pledged to block such a move .
The PiS government says EU treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary .
`` The court system ... is an entirely internal matter , '' PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski was quoted as saying by Gazeta Polska newsweekly in an article published on Wednesday .
The party 's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 percent throughout the dispute , well above any other rival .
( Writing by Justyna Pawlak and Agnieszka Barteczko ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target , but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — at 1.25 per cent .
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ” continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . ”
“ Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 , ” it said .
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
“ In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , ” it said .
Related : Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related : Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $ 2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's statement had “ a hawkish tone , suggesting the next rate hike is not far off , ” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto .
“ All told , the positives seem to outweigh the negatives , ” DePratto wrote in a note to clients .
“ Gone was the reference to ‘ caution ' that typified the last few statements . Today 's statement instead chose the term ‘ gradual ' to describe the approach to policy adjustments . Importantly , interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus . ”
The central bank 's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012 .
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices , but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump .
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer , increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans .
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report .
Craig Wong , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
A couple , Daniel Chukwudi , 39 , and Blessing Simon , 29 , who allegedly assaulted one Mr. Emmanuel Agbaje , the manager of Bridge International Academy , Meiran , in Lagos , appeared at an Ikeja Magistrates ' Court on Wednesday .
The duo is being accused of conducting themselves in a manner likely to cause a breach of public peace by inviting hoodlums to disperse the school .
The accused , both residents of No . 1 , Stella Estate , Off Osundiya Street , Meiran , Lagos State , are facing three counts of assault , threat to life and breach of peace .
The prosecutor , Sergeant Michael Unah , told the court that Simon , a teacher in the school was suspended by Agbaje , for negligence of duty .
Unah said that Simon informed her husband on the phone that she had been suspended by the school manager .
The prosecutor said that Daniel in company with some hoodlums invaded the school premises and beat up the school manager .
According to the prosecutor , the accused committed the offences on June 13 at 7.45 a. m. , within the school premises .
Unah said that the offences contravened Sections 56 ( a ) , 168 and 172 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State 2015 , ( Revised ) .
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Section 168 stipulates six months ' imprisonment for a breach of public peace while Section 172 prescribes a three-year jail term for assault upon conviction .
The duo , however , pleaded not guilty to the charges .
In his ruling , the magistrate , Mr A . A. Fashola , granted the accused bail in the sum of N25 , 000 with two sureties in like sum .
Fashola said that the sureties should be gainfully employed with an evidence of two years ' tax payment to the Lagos State Government .
He also ordered that the prosecutor must verify the addresses of the sureties to ensure they exist .
The magistrate adjourned the case until August 1 for mention .
Social media sensation Jeremy Meeks , the 'hot felon , ' made his New York Fashion Week debut on the Philipp Plein runway earlier this week .
Meeks made headlines in 2014 after his mugshot , posted on the Stockton Police Department 's Facebook page after he was arrested on federal weapons charges , went viral .
He became an instant Internet celebrity , with users commenting on his good looks .
Meeks was later convicted and sentenced to 27 months in a California prison , but he has since traded the cellblock for the catwalk .
This mugshot of Jeremy Meeks , 30 , of Stockton , Calif. , garnered a lot of attention on Facebook after being posted to the local police department 's page . ( Photo : Stockton Police Department/Mugshot/Postmedia Network )
The two companies I 'm looking at today have risen by an average of 36 % over the last year . One has attracted the backing of star fund manager Neil Woodford . Today I 'll explain why I remain bullish on these stocks , even after several years of growth . Operating at capacity The UK brick manufacturing industry is “ operating at capacity ” with “ limited options for expansion ” . That 's the view of Martin Warner , chairman of Michelmersh Brick Holdings ( LSE : MBH ) . Shares of this £64m firm edged higher today after the group said revenue rose by 26 % to £37.9m last year . Underlying operating profit climbed 42 % to £6.5m during…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
The two companies I 'm looking at today have risen by an average of 36 % over the last year . One has attracted the backing of star fund manager Neil Woodford .
Today I 'll explain why I remain bullish on these stocks , even after several years of growth .
Operating at capacity
The UK brick manufacturing industry is “ operating at capacity ” with “ limited options for expansion ” . That 's the view of Martin Warner , chairman of Michelmersh Brick Holdings ( LSE : MBH ) .
Shares of this £64m firm edged higher today after the group said revenue rose by 26 % to £37.9m last year . Underlying operating profit climbed 42 % to £6.5m during the period . This implies an operating margin of 17.5 % , highlighting the strong pricing power enjoyed by brick manufacturers at the moment .
Last year 's growth was helped by the £31.2m acquisition of brick-maker Carlton , which the company says has “ significantly strengthened ” the group 's market position . One downside to this is that this large deal left Michelmersh with net debt of £17.5m at the end of 2017 , versus net cash of £4.7m one year earlier .
I estimate that it could take two years to reduce these borrowings to a more comfortable level . If the market slows during this time , shareholders could face elevated risks .
This could still be a buy
The outlook for 2018 seems safe enough at the moment . Mr Warner says that “ 2018 promises to be busy ” and that the group 's order book , at 60m units , is “ strong ” .
Consensus forecasts suggest that earnings per share could rise by 40 % to 8.2p this year , as the Carlton acquisition contributes a full year of profits . The dividend is expected to climb 44 % , to 3.1p per share .
These numbers put the stock on a forecast P/E of 10 , with a prospective yield of 3.7 % . The shares remain attractive in my view , although I 'd prefer a stock with less debt at this stage in the market cycle .
This Woodford pick has soared
One possible choice is brick and block maker Forterra ( LSE : FORT ) . Shares in this firm have risen by 71 % since its flotation in April 2016 . It 's been a strong performer for fund manager Neil Woodford , but are the shares still worth buying ?
Forterra around nine times larger than Michelmersh , measured by market cap and sales .
The group 's larger size means that acquisition opportunities are limited , but I 'm not bothered by this . At this point in the market cycle , I 'm happy to see management focusing on profitability and cash generation .
A cash machine
Last week 's 2017 results suggested that 's exactly what 's happening . The group 's underlying operating margin was largely unchanged at about 20 % in 2017 , but operating cash flow rose by 29 % to £90m . This equates to 140 % of operating profit , compared to 118 % in 2016 .
As a result , net debt fell by £31.5m to £60.8m , despite the firm spending £20m on the acquisition of Bison Manufacturing . Forterra now trades on a price/free cash flow ratio of 9 , which is unusually low .
Analysts expect both earnings per share and the dividend to rise by about 9 % this year . These forecasts put the stock on a 2018 P/E of 11.5 , with a prospective yield of 3.5 % .
I 'd rate Forterra as a buy at these levels and would probably choose it over Michelmersh , thanks to the larger firm 's lower debt levels .
Three people were sent to the hospital after a crash involving an Illinois State trooper in Knox County .
It happened Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , around 4 p.m. on I-74 near the Galesburg area at mile marker 35
Illinois State Police say a trooper was attempting to exit the roadway at the beginning of a construction zone when the squad car was hit by a van . The trooper and two people in the van were taken to the hospital and treated for minor injuries .
The accident is still being investigated , but the driver of the van was ticketed with failure to reduce speed to avoid a crash .
There is no ‘ I ' in team , Super Bowl or , for that matter , money . If ever evidence was required , we just need to look back at Super Bowl history to find that balanced teams or clubs with good defences are the ones wearing rings .
In the 51-year history of the Super Bowl , not once has the regular-season passing leader been victorious in the NFL 's biggest game .
It may come as a surprise that in the first 17 Super Bowls , dating back from 1967-83 , no regular-season passing leader had even made it to the Super Bowl . That changed in the 1984 final when Dan Marino of the Miami Dolphins became the first passing leader to start in the Super Bowl .
Including Marino , there have been just five instances leading up to tonight when the regular-season 's top yardage thrower has made it to this game .
Not only did all five lose their respective matches , backing each pivot 's team on the points spread would also have resulted in a big , fat zero . As you can see , some prominent quarterbacks are among the short list :
n 1984 : Dan Marino – Miami Dolphins . 5,084 yards … As a 3½-point underdog , the 49ers crushed the Dolphins 38-16 … Super Bowl winning QB : Joe Montana ( SF ) — 3,630 yards ( 6th overall )
n 2001 : Kurt Warner — St. Louis Rams , 4,830 yards … As a prohibitive 14-point favourite , the Rams suffered a shocking upset in a 20-17 defeat to the Patriots … Super Bowl winning QB : Tom Brady ( NE ) — 2,843 yards ( 22nd overall )
n 2002 : Rich Gannon – Oakland Raiders , 4,689 yards … Raiders were a 4-point favourite before getting trounced 48 -21 by the Buccaneers … Super Bowl winning QB : Brad Johnson ( TB ) — 3,049 yards ( 15th overall )
n 2007 : Tom Brady – New England Patriots , 4,806 yards … After an unprecedented 18-0 season leading up to the game , the heavily favoured Patriots ( -12 ) would lose 17-14 to the Giants … Super Bowl winning QB : Eli Manning ( NYG ) — 3,336 yards ( 12th overall )
n 2013 : Peyton Manning – Denver Broncos , 5,477 yards … A record setting season for passing yards would n't help Peyton Manning as his Broncos , favoured by 2½ , were crushed 43-8 by the Seahawks … Super Bowl winning QB : Russell Wilson ( SEA ) — 3,357 yards ( 16th overall )
There are various theories as to why this has happened , or should we say , has n't happened ? Perhaps the most logical reason indicates that regular-season passing leaders throw too often in order to cover up for poor running games or a weak defence ( See : Marino 's career ) . Regardless of the cause , Tom Brady will look to end this streak of ineptitude as he enters this game as the 2017 passing leader with 4,577 yards .
Further supporting the notion of ‘ team ' , it has been 20 seasons since the league 's regular-season rushing leader has claimed a Super Bowl ring . The previous time this was accomplished was when Denver 's Terrell Davis racked up an incredible 2,008 rushing yards in the 1997 season before the Hall of Fame back was able to lead his team to victory in a 31-24 upset of the Packers in SB XXXI .
Turning to the other offensive skill position finds more evidence backing the teamwork concept . The most recent receiver to lead the league in receiving yards en route to a Super Bowl victory was when all-time great Jerry Rice pulled off the feat back in the 1994 season , some 23 seasons ago .
In the modern day NFL , a similar fate has awaited the league 's Most Valuable Player recipient . One would think that having the league 's top-rated player on the roster would boost a team 's chances for the coveted Lombardi Trophy . Au contraire , my friends . Since 2001 , there have been seven league MVPs 's who have made it to the Super Bowl . Combined , this group of star players is 0-7 in the final and , along with their respective teams , is a combined 0-7 versus the spread , as well . That dubious group includes the following names :
n 2001 MVP : Kurt Warner , Rams . Favoured by 14 over New England . Lost 20-17 .
n 2002 MVP : Rich Gannon , Raiders . Favoured by 4 over Tampa Bay . Lost 48-21 .
n 2007 MVP : Tom Brady , Patriots . Favoured by 12 over N.Y. Giants . Lost 17-14 .
n 2010 MVP : Peyton Manning , Colts . Favoured by 5 over New Orleans . Lost 31-17 .
n 2013 MVP : Peyton Manning , Broncos . Favoured by -2½ over Seattle . Lost 43-8 .
n 2015 MVP : Cam Newton , Panthers . Favoured by 4½ over Denver . Lost 24-10 .
n 2016 MVP : Matt Ryan , Falcons . Underdogs by 3 to New England . Lost 34-28 .
Dating back 36 seasons , MVP quarterbacks have played in 20 Super Bowls but their teams have managed just six victories and five pointspread covers in Super Bowls played since 1981 .
Reaching back yet again , we have to go all the way back to the 1994 season to find the last time that a regular-season MVP won the Super Bowl and also had his team cover . That occurred when 49ers ' QB Steve Young won the award before leading his club to a 49-26 victory , as an 18-point favourite , over the severely inferior Chargers .
On a broader scale , since 1974 , teams employing the league MVP have won just 19 of 44 playoff games and are an even poorer 12-31-3 versus the spread
Brady , predictably , won the MVP award for the third time and will be attempting to break the 51-year passing-leader jinx while also snapping the streak of regular-season MVPs not winning the Super Bowl with a victory today . If that is to happen , you can bet that New England coach Bill Belichick will echo similar words from last year 's Super Bowl win when he stated that , “ our team has a great attitude about teamwork , playing unselfishly , and working unselfishly . ”
Even with stud players such as Brady , history has proven that to be a winning formula .
IBF welterweight champion Kell Brook is set to defend his title against American mandatory challenger Errol Spence Jr in the UK , his promoter Eddie Hearn confirmed on Monday .
It was thought that Brook would face fellow Briton and former world champion Amir Khan but negotiations stalled last week paving the way for Brook to face Spence .
Hearn confirmed the fight was happening via Twitter , saying : 'Terms agreed for @ SpecialKBrook v @ ErrolSpenceJr -full announcement coming soon -fight will take place in the UK . Best fight in the division . '
It is believed that the fight could be staged at Bramell lane , the home of Sheffield United soccer team
North Korea has been selling weapons to the governments of Syria and Myanmar , and has been exporting banned materials such as coal , iron , and steel , a United Nations report has found .
According to the report released on Friday , Pyongyang has been assisting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government in developing its nuclear weapons programme , and has provided Myanmar 's army with ballistic missiles .
North Korea “ continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions , generating nearly $ 200m in revenue between January and September 2017 , ” the report read , according to the AFP news agency which has seen a copy .
Coal shipments were delivered to China , Malaysia , South Korea , Russia and Vietnam by ships using “ a combination of multiple evasion techniques , routes and deceptive tactics ” , the report added .
Last year , the UN Security Council adopted a series of resolutions aimed at restricting exports , with the objective of cutting off revenue to North Korea 's military programme .
The United States has pushed for tough sanctions against North Korea in response to its missile tests , and together with the UNSC vowed to prevent Pyongyang from furthering its nuclear programme .
According to the report and the UN panel of experts , seven ships have been prevented from entering ports worldwide for violating UN sanctions with coal and petroleum transfers .
They said that much more needed to be done to challenge such “ these rampant illicit activities ” .
North Korea “ is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains , complicit foreign nationals , offshore company registries , and the international banking system ” , the panel noted .
Countries accused of crimes against humanity
Syria and Myanmar have previously been accused of carrying out acts that amount to crimes against humanity .
The report comes as the United States is investigating reports of chlorine gas being used against civilians in Syria 's besieged Eastern Ghouta .
The North Korean company cooperating with the two governments – KOMID – is on a UN sanctions blacklist , according to the report .
The panel revealed that more than 40 unreported shipments from North Korea between 2012 and 2017 went to front companies for Syria 's Scientific Studies Research Council , a key institute for Syria 's chemical programme .
The investigations also reveal “ substantial new evidence ” concerning Pyongyang 's military cooperation with Damascus , including at least three visits by North Korean technicians to Syria in 2016 , involving the “ transfer of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programmes ” .
According to a member state that remained unidentified in the report , North Korean “ technicians continue to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzei , Adra and Hama ” .
Syria denied the presence of North Korean technicians in its territory , claiming that the only experts it was hosting from the country were involved in sports .
A member state , which also remained unnamed , notified the panel that Myanmar had received “ ballistic missile systems from [ North Korea ] in addition to a range of conventional weapons , including multiple rocket launches and surface-to air missiles ” .
North Korean diplomats in trade particularly continue to provide logistical support for arms sales and help organise exchanges for military technicians .
While sanctions have been significantly widened , this “ expansion of the regime is yet to be matched by the requisite political will ” to implement the measures , the experts said .
The panel added that this year offered a “ critical window of opportunity before a potential miscalculation with disastrous implications for international peace and security . ”
Tashombe Riley scored 21 points as South Carolina State held on to earn its first MEAC win of the season 78-74 over Bethune-Cookman on Saturday .
Eric Eaves added 17 points for the Bulldogs ( 4-11 , 1-1 ) , who snapped a three-game losing streak . It was the first game for South Carolina State in nearly two weeks , as previously scheduled games against Hampton and Norfolk State were postponed due to weather .
Diamante Lewis made a free throw for Bethune-Cookman ( 3-14 , 0-4 ) to tie the score at 70 with 1:10 left . But Riley and Edward Stephens each answered with a pair of free throws for South Carolina State which gave the Bulldogs the lead for good . The Wildcats managed to get to within two twice more , but got no closer .
Lewis scored 18 points and Reggie Baker added 16 points and 10 rebounds to lead Bethune-Cookman .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Final vitalization project recommendations to be posted next week
Filed under News , Online
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The final recommendations from Workgroups No . 8 and 9 will be posted on the vitalization project early next week , Eastern President David Glassman said in an email to the News .
These workgroups , Academic Visioning I and II , were the last two to submit their suggestions on Friday , April 14 .
Workgroup No . 8 recommended new or modified programs and degree completion programs that could boost enrollment .
The group also looked at what could be considered Eastern 's signature programs and micro degrees the university could implement .
Workgroup No . 9 's charge during the vitalization project was to study the organization of academic colleges , schools and departments ; to study variable learning models , such as the academic calendar and online courses and to study tuition models .
Both of the groups had town hall meetings this semester to get feedback about their suggestions .
Glassman said the workgroups ' final recommendations will be posted in their entirety and in the same way Workgroup No . 1 through 7 's were posted .
People will still need an Eastern netID and password to see the recommendations , however .
“ Many of the recommendations and thoughts that are being provided by the academic visioning workgroups involve ideas that could help EIU become more competitive in recruiting students , ” he said . “ I do n't believe it 's in our best interest to share these important ideas with the external community until we decide which to implement . ”
The News desk can be reached at 581-2812 or dennewsdesk @ gmail.com .
Folks all around the country and even Tulsa are standing in solidarity with the people of Charlottesville .
They said situations like this do n't just impact the city where it 's happening .
8/13/2017 Related Story : Ohio Car Attack Suspect Faces Murder Charge , Civil Rights Probe
The 'Standing in Solidarity with Charlottesville - A Rally Against Hate ' was held Sunday at 6 p.m. at the John Hope Franklin Reconciliation Park at 321 N. Detroit Ave. in downtown Tulsa , according to March On Oklahoma .
They called it a rally against white supremacy and support for Charlottesville , and even with such short notice , a couple hundred people showed up .
It 's clashes like this that puts the conversation about race in America in the spotlight .
As the country continues to reel from the impact of violence in Charlottesville , cities everywhere are coming together .
In Tulsa , there 's this - the rally against white supremacy and support for Charlottesville .
`` This is unacceptable . We wo n't stand for it . this wo n't go unopposed . This is hatred and white supremacy at its core , '' said organizer Alex Aguilar .
Charlottesville is the most recent image of racial discord happening around the country and some would say one of the most explosive .
`` It 's really hard to wrap my mind around what took place . I think right now we 're in unprecedented times and it feels a little shaky , '' Aguilar said .
Alexandra Zimmerman attended with her family .
She said it 's great to stand in solidarity , but what 's next ?
She said too often , people come to rallies like this and that 's it - they go home .
She wants to teach her daughter that just coming together is n't enough .
`` I '' m gon na be putting my money in the business infrastructure that 's lacking on the north side . That 's what I want to teach her , '' Zimmerman said .
While some question Tulsa 's connection to Charlottesville .
She points out the race riots from 1921 , saying the stories are similar and if you 're paying attention , the connection is there .
She said people should n't let the action stop at the rally .
`` I just hope everybody that 's here does something that 's concrete . That kicks concrete action . Not just this week but next week and next year , '' she said .
A similar rally was held Sunday evening in Oklahoma City at the Oklahoma State Capitol .
Some of the local groups who plan to be at the rally include Black Lives Matter Oklahoma and OKC , Oklahomans for Equality , Say No To Hate , Oklahoma Center for Community and Justice , Indivisible Oklahoma , New Sanctuary Network , Aware Tulsa , Fellowship Congregational UCC , Women 's March , African American Federation and Oklahoma Progressive Network .
Mae Sai : Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight , the Thai soccer teammates stranded for nearly two weeks in a partly flooded cave said in a video released on Wednesday that they were healthy , as heavy rains forecast for later this week threatened to complicate plans to safely extract the boys.The 12 boys and their coach are seen in the video sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave . The boys , many wrapped in foil warming blankets , take turns introducing themselves , pressing their hands together in a traditional Thai greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy .
The video , lasting about a minute , was recorded sometime on Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page on Wednesday morning . The navy later released two more videos of the boys .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game on 23 June . The teammates , who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , were found by rescue divers on Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe .
Authorities said the boys , who had also been shown on Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them , were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave . They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
In all of the videos , the boys appeared in good spirits . In the most recent video , a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment . Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEALs , who cracks jokes .
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of their family members , and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children .
Kian Kamluang , whose 16-year-old son , Pornchai , is in the cave , said she had thought there was a 50 percent chance that her son would be found .
`` It 's like he has been given a new life , '' she said , adding that she 'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again .
Those waiting for the boys to come out included a group of students who are friends with some of the boys trapped inside , who sang a song in front of the entrance to show their support .
Several religious figures have also shown up , the most popular being a famous Buddhist monk , Kruba Boonchum , who when he first visited the scene , had predicted that the boys would be found this week .
He returned on Wednesday to offer prayers for their safe rescue , and as measure of the respect in which he was held , was allowed access to the cave , which is generally off-limits to outsiders .
SEAL commander Rear Adm Arpakorn Yookongkaew said on Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave , since they 're safe where they are . The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov Narongsak Osatanakorn said on Wednesday that the boys have been practising wearing diving masks and breathing , but he does n't believe they have attempted any practice dives .
He said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted , but it is unlikely to be on Wednesday .
`` If it 's risky or not safe , we will not proceed yet , '' Narongsak said . `` It has to be 100 percent safe . ''
He also said the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time , depending on their health . He said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed .
Authorities said they were still exploring other options , such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now , and wait for the water to go down . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
Experienced divers are wary of taking out the boys through the dark and dangerous waters still in the cave , especially since they are untrained .
`` We are talking kilometers of transport under the water with zero visibility , '' said Claus Rasmusen , a certified cave diving instructor based in Thailand who has been helping Thai SEAL team with logistics . `` It 's difficult . ''
He said it was awkward , but possible , to teach them minimal skills .
`` Nobody will teach anyone a full cave course , but trying to get them comfortable with masks , with the breathing , ( is ) completely different , '' he said . `` Creating an environment that can make them safely get away , that 's feasible . ''
The Norwegian Army is to be equipped with two new ground-based air defence systems , the country 's Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) announced on 6 February .
The move ends a policy that has been in place since the early 2000s , whereby ground-based air defence has been the responsibility of the Royal Norwegian Air Force ( RNoAF ) .
Known as the Army Ground Based Air Defence project , the new system is expected to leverage the National Advanced Surface-to-Air Missile System ( NASAMS ) in service with the RNoAF . NASAMS is essentially a ground launching system for the Raytheon AIM-120 Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile ( AMRAAM ) . In addition , the programme will see the creation of a new short-range air defence ( SHORAD ) system for the Norwegian Army .
According to the MoD , the Forsvarsmateriell ( Norwegian Defence Material Agency – NDMA ) will now work with NASAMS manufacturer Kongsberg to define the final system solution for the army ; and then place a production contract later this year . Deliveries of the new system to the army are expected to take place between 2018 and 2021 .
In a statement , Kongsberg said , “ Army Ground Based Air Defence is a highly mobile , short-range air defence system based on some existing elements in today 's structure in combination with the acquisition of some new elements . The system will reuse NASAMS command and control and its unique network solutions . ”
The RNoAF currently operates the updated NASAMS II system in two configurations : a six-round truck mounted/towed pedestal launcher , and a lightweight four-round launcher fitted to a High-Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle ( HMMWV ) . When ground launched , the AMRAAM missile has a range of 20 km .
The army 's new air defence system will be built around the RNoAF 's high-mobility NASAMS launcher for the mid-tier , while the SHORAD system will be based on a tracked launcher . Speaking to Jane 's on 14 February , a spokesperson for the MoD said that the SHORAD system would be armed with both guns and Diehl BGT IRIS-T short-range air-to-air missiles .
( Nicholas de Larrinaga , London – IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly )
Teen Arrested For Stealing Dog From Columbia Animal Shelter
COLUMBIA , SC ( WOLO ) - One of the two suspects accused of stealing a female pit bull from the City 's animal shelter has been arrested .
Raqwan Thompson,19 , was found Friday at his Marlboro Street home . Thompson is charged with Burglary Second Degree and Larceny . A judge set his bond at $ 30,000 .
Officers say they 're working hard to locate the dog .
After almost 22 years of serving the citizens of Muscatine as a member of the Muscatine Fire Department , Battalion Chief Brian Abbott will work his last shift on Thursday , May 31 , 2018 . A celebration of his firefighting career and on his retirement will be held from 2-4 p.m. Thursday in the dayroom of the Public Safety Building .
Abbott 's first day on the job was Nov. 19 , 1996 , and it has been a “ shade over 21 and a half years ” that he has been working for the citizens of Muscatine as a member of the Fire Department .
There will be time in his retirement to visit family and friends across the country along with camping trips with his wife . “ I am actually looking forward to getting back to the farm and taking care of our little orchard that we have , ” Abbott said .
Friday , June 1st is National Donut Day and Merritt 's Bakery in Tulsa is celebrating by donating a portion of their sales to the Salvation Army .
`` It 's going to be kind of sad to let it go , '' Stewart said after the game . `` But it 's just part of growing up and we 've got to move on . ''
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Kendall Jenner spent the weekend with Clippers star Blake Griffin .
The pair , joined by Hailey Baldwin , was spotted hanging out together on a daybed on the beach at Gurney 's Montauk and hit Surf Lodge on Friday and Saturday .
“ It looks like the beginning of a new romance , ” said one spy .
Another tells us , “ They were n't all over each other , but they were inseparable . Kendall was hiding under a hoodie , and they would n't allow anyone to take their picture . ”
Members of London 's citizen accessibility advisory committee have threatened to resign en masse unless city politicians take them seriously .
The surprising ultimatum was made at Tuesday 's meeting of the community and protective services committee . The group made a presentation and criticized city councillors for voting in favour of its recommendations , but failing to follow through with them .
Chair Jacqueline Madden says they feel councillors do n't actually listen to what they say .
“ We feel that councillors consistently disregarded , ignored or dismissed our recommendations and the needs of the accessibility community , ” Madden said .
She noted that even when the group 's recommendations received support from city committees and council as a whole , they often failed to be implemented .
RELATED : Accessibility committee pushes London city politicians to act on recommendations
“ We really feel like we 've become just a box that you guys tick off [ to meet provincial standards ] , ” Madden said .
In April of this year , the advisory group raised the same issue , questioning the committee about its failure to enact recommendations .
Mayor Matt Brown praised the group for stepping forward with its concerns , noting it takes courage to directly criticize institutions . He also said if anyone was responsible for the current situation it was him .
“ I am so sorry that you feel this way , but I understand why you might feel this way , I understand why you do feel this way . ”
Brown said he deeply regretted the advisory group was before them with a message of resignation .
“ I think that should all strike us , right at our core , how serious this is , ” he said .
The mayor moved to set up a meeting between committee members , himself and other city councillors . Brown said he wants to report back to the community and protective services committee within 30 days with the results of that session .
The motion was unanimously supported .
The accessibility committee is one of 13 advisory groups made up of citizens who advise council on a range of issues .
- Advertisement -
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said , on Monday , that recognising Jerusalem as his country 's capital “ makes peace possible ” , after widespread international criticism of the US decision to do so .
US President Donald Trump 's announcement last week has been followed by days of protests and clashes in the Palestinian territories , as well as demonstrations across the Islamic world .
The EU expressed alarm at the decision , which upends seven decades of US policy on the disputed holy city , and the bloc 's foreign ministers are set to urge Netanyahu to resume dialogue with the Palestinians as he meets them over breakfast in Brussels .
The Israeli premier said what Trump had done was to “ put facts squarely on the table ” by acknowledging Jerusalem had been the capital of the Israeli state for 70 years and of the Jewish people for 3,000 years .
“ It does n't obviate peace , it makes peace possible , because recognising reality is the substance of peace , it 's the foundation of peace , ” he said in a statement alongside EU diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini .
- Advertisement -
Mogherini , who last week warned the Jerusalem decision could take the situation “ backwards to even darker times ” , restated the EU 's position that a two-state solution with Jerusalem as capital for both Israelis and Palestinians was the only sustainable way to resolve the conflict .
Netanyahu pointed to a new US peace initiative as a possible way forward .
“ There is now an effort under way to bring forward a new peace proposal by the American administration . I think we should give peace a chance . I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace , ” he said .
Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner has been working with a small team to develop a new US proposal to revive peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians , but it is not clear what progress he is making .
Netanyahu 's visit to Brussels comes after he met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Sunday . Macron called on him to freeze settlement building and to re-engage with Palestinians .
Both Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital and previous peace plans have stumbled over debates on whether and how to divide sovereignty or oversee holy sites .
MANAUS , Brazil : Rioting inmates in Brazil decapitated and brutally assaulted their rivals , killing at least 60 , when fighting erupted between two gangs at a prison in the Amazon region , officials said on Monday ( Jan 2 ) .
The 17-hour riot broke out Sunday afternoon and lasted through the night at a prison on the outskirts of Manaus , the capital of Amazonas state , said state public security secretary Sergio Fontes .
He called it `` the biggest massacre '' ever committed at a prison in the state .
Bloodied and burned bodies were stacked in a concrete prison yard and piled in carts , an AFP photographer at the scene said .
Outside , heavily armed police hunted for inmates feared to have escaped through a series of tunnels discovered at the Anisio Jobim penitentiary complex .
Fontes said 16 tunnels were discovered in all . He told journalists that authorities were still trying to determine whether any inmates had escaped . Brazilian news site G1 reported that more than 130 had escaped .
Police were only able to restore order at the prison on Monday morning , freeing 12 guards who had been taken hostage , Fontes said .
They found a horrific scene inside . `` Many ( victims ) were decapitated , and they all suffered a lot of violence , '' Fontes told a press conference .
He said the gruesome scene appeared aimed at sending a message from the Family of the North ( FDN ) , a powerful local gang , to rivals from the First Capital Command ( PCC ) , one of Brazil 's largest gangs , whose base is in São Paulo , some 2,700 kilometres to the southeast .
`` During the negotiations ( to end the riot ) , the prisoners had almost no demands , '' Fontes told local radio network Tiradentes . `` We think they had already done what they wanted : kill members of the rival organisation . ''
Authorities have counted 60 bodies so far , all of them inmates , the head of the state 's prisons administration , Pedro Florencio , told journalists .
'SILENT WAR '
It was the latest eruption of horrific violence to hit Brazil 's underfunded and overcrowded prisons .
In October , deadly riots broke out at three separate prisons blamed on fighting between members of the country 's two largest gangs , the PCC and the Red Command ( CV ) .
During that episode , rioting inmates took visitors hostage , beheaded rivals and burned others alive , killing 33 people in all , authorities said .
Brazil 's prisons are often under the de facto control of drug gangs , whose turf wars on the outside are also fought out among inmates .
`` There is a silent war of drug trafficking , and the state needs to intervene , '' Fontes said . `` What did we see in this case ? One faction fighting another , because each wants more money . The fight is for money and space . ''
Brazil has struggled for years against a lucrative and violent drug trade .
But jailing drug traffickers has done little to solve the problem . It may even fuel it , critics say .
Human rights groups have long complained about the conditions in Brazilian prisons .
Some 622,000 people were imprisoned in Brazil as of the end of 2014 , most of them black males , according to a justice ministry report .
That makes it the world 's fourth-largest prison population , the report said , after the United States , China and Russia .
Brazil 's prisons need 50 percent more capacity to handle the current number of inmates , the justice ministry report found .
There were 1.67 prisoners for every available space , it said . In Amazonas state , the figure was 2.59 prisoners for every space .
The Nigerian Meteorological Agency ( NiMet ) , has warned that poor horizontal visibility resulting from fog and haze weather might lead to flight disruptions and hazard to road and rail transportation in 2018 .
NiMet disclosed this in its 2018 Seasonal Rainfall Prediction ( SRP ) obtained by our reporter on Monday in Abuja .
It predicted that flight disruptions could lead to loss in revenue by airlines due to flight delays and cancellations , adding that onset and cessation of rainfall were the most challenging time for airliners .
NiMet cautioned that airline operators should be mindful of the strong winds that were normally associated with those periods with high intensity of rainfall .
It added that harmattan period was another challenging time with reduced visibility below station minima , advising that caution should be exercised to receive NiMet 's clearance through Air Traffic Controllers before take-off/landing .
“ Road users are advised to drive carefully during the onset and cessation of rainfall and harmattan periods .
“ The onset and cessation of rainfall are usually characterised by strong winds which are capable of pulling down trees that could constitute obstructions on the road .
“ Caution should be the watchword at a time like this ; strict adherence to speed limit to avoid running into obstructions is very imperative , '' NiMet said .
The agency also stated that rail lines generally had the tendency to expand during the warm period and contract during the cooler period due to linear expansion of metals .
It explained that there was no sharp contrast between daytime and nighttime temperatures during the months of March and April that would cause significant expansion and contraction of rail lines in 2018 .
NiMet , however , cautioned that adequate speed regulation should be maintained to avoid derailment while use of fog lights should be encouraged .
According to NiMet , operators in the marine industry like Coastal fishing and boat recreation will experience boost in 2018 due to the normal to above normal rainfall predicted for most parts of the country .
“ Consequently , activities of coastal marine transporters , shipping , as well as oil and gas operations could expect more disruption by storms and tidal waves during onset , cessation and peak of rainfall .
“ Boat and canoes are to be well secured to avoid wreckage from strong winds , storm surge and Positive Ocean tides between March and December .
“ Operators are therefore warned to take adequate precautions to avoid accident , particularly during the rainfall cessation period when this is common , '' NiMet warned .
The Alberta government is looking at making changes to its policy on rehabilitating orphaned bears .
Under the current policy , any bear cub that has been orphaned ca n't be rescued .
But a fight to save Russell , an injured black bear near Springbank , which garnered attention and spurred action from wildlife activists , may have sparked some change .
READ MORE : Injured black bear near Calgary not seen since before Christmas , likely hibernating : expert
Russell had an injured leg and was spotted hanging around a large field . Activists gave him a name , built a den in hopes he would hibernate in it , and started a petition to have the government policy changed .
Alberta Environment and Parks said Friday it is working with some private wildlife facilities to drum up an orphaned wildlife rehabilitation policy , which could be in place before the 2018 spring bear hunt .
In an email , biologist Lisa Dahlseide — who has spearheaded much of the movement to treat and release the bear back into the wild — applauded the government 's decision .
“ Bears were given priority in this effort thanks to Russell and the three orphaned Banff cubs , ” she said . “ Their protocol will be approved first . ”
READ MORE : Bear cubs found in bathroom in Banff doing well at Ontario rehab facility
Last spring three black bear cubs were found by a passerby locked in a bathroom in Banff National Park .
The case sparked confusion as officials in British Columbia , Alberta and Ontario , along with Parks Canada , tried to find a temporary home for the bears .
They eventually ended up at the Aspen Valley Wildlife Sanctuary in Ontario .
Dahlseide said coyotes are the next animal on the list they 'd like to see a protocol developed for .
This post is part of Blues Day on PHT…
On the opening day of free agency in 2014 , the Blues signed free agent center Paul Stastny to a four-year , $ 28 million contract . It instantly made him the highest-paid forward on the team — since surpassed by Vladimir Tarasenko — and , in announcing the deal , GM Doug Armstrong raved about Stastny 's hockey IQ and how he “ thinks the game strong . ”
It was expected the gifted playmaker would become St. Louis ' top-line center .
But things have n't exactly gone to plan .
The Stastny era is now three years old , and the major theme throughout has been health — specifically , his lack thereof . He 's missed 42 contests over that time , and failed to crack the 70 games-played plateau in each of the last two seasons . Unsurprisingly , his production has tailed off . After racking up 60 points in his final year in Colorado , he 's gone 46-49-40 with the Blues , and now heads into a contract year facing a number of major questions .
Among them :
Is Stastny a No . 1 center ?
Blues head coach Mike Yeo certainly thinks so , describing the 31-year-old as such when Stastny got hurt back in February .
“ He 's usually the first guy over the boards for a power-play faceoff or the first guy over the boards for a penalty-kill faceoff , and those are key , ” Yeo said , per the Blues website . “ He 's a very important player for us . You do n't take out a top-line center from too many lineups where they do n't feel that . ”
The Blues certainly paid him like a 1C . At $ 7 million per , he 's making more annually than the likes of Patrice Bergeron , Nicklas Backstrom , John Tavares and Jeff Carter . What 's more , the Blues do n't have much depth down the middle . Patrik Berglund has proven to be a decent , if unspectacular , option that scored 23 goals last year , but his ceiling is a 3C that can be pushed into the 2C role in a pinch .
Jori Lehtera , who underwhelmed last season , was flipped to Philly in the Brayden Schenn trade , but the Blues might have the same problem with Schenn that the Flyers did — is he a center , or better suited on the wing ?
Youngsters Robby Fabbri and Ivan Barbashev can also play the middle , but are n't yet considered full-time guys . Fabbri 's coming off a torn ACL .
So is Stastny a No . 1 ? Traditionally speaking , maybe not . In St. Louis , maybe so .
Do the Blues want to keep him ?
Given what we just laid out , probably . But it would have to be at the right price .
Next July , Armstrong has some work to do and not a ton of cap space to do it with . The most pressing contracts will be for a pair of young RFAs — Fabbri , and d-man Joel Edmundson — while Stastny 's the lone UFA of note .
If Stastny 's willing to take a significant haircut , his return could happen . Signing with St. Louis back in '14 was essentially a homecoming , as he grew up in the city and went to Chaminade College Prep School . Both his father and brother previously played with the Blues .
The real question , it would seem , is if Stastny fits with the direction of the club . Armstrong has n't been shy about turning his team over to the younger generation over the last few years , while cutting ties with veterans in a myriad of ways .
Just consider what happened to Stastny 's former running mates up front . Lehtera was traded Philly , T.J. Oshie was flipped to Washington , while David Backes and Troy Brouwer were allowed to walk in free agency .
Could this be another Kevin Shattenkirk situation ?
Two years ago , Armstrong opted to keep Backes and Brouwer — both UFAs — past the deadline , and the Blues responded with a playoff run to the Western Conference Final . But that summer , both assets were lost for no return .
Last year , Armstrong took a different tact , opting to flip Shattenkirk , a pending UFA , at the deadline for a package that included promising forward Zach Sanford and a first-round pick ( the Blues later used that pick to acquire Schenn ) .
“ We are not in the business of trading good players for prospects when your team has a chance to win the Cup , ” Armstrong said at the time , per the Post-Dispatch . “ This team now has to get in on its own . It 's going to be more difficult , but if we get in , you always have a chance to win . ”
One wonders if last year 's experience might 've changed Armstrong 's outlook .
All things considered , the Blues fared well following Shattenkirk 's departure . They finished third in the Central Division , and upended 106-point Minnesota in the opening playoff round before bowing out to the eventual conference champ , Nashville , in Round 2 .
The big difference between Shattenkirk and Stastny , though , is the depth at their respective positions . Parting ways with Shattenkirk was made easier by the presences of Alex Pietrangelo and Jay Bouwmeester , and the emergence of Edmundson and Colton Parayko .
At center , the Blues do n't have such options .
The ABCs of altcoins , blockchains and cryptocurrency . Plus , one of the largest animals in the world is making a return to New York harbor .
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers . The SEC alleged that although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach , the company failed to fully investigate . The breach was n't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later , when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon 's acquisition of its operating business in 2016 , the SEC said .
Some 75,000 wild horses roam the slopes and basins of the American West . They 're the descendants of the lost horses of conquistadors and cowboys , and the tribes that once ruled the plains . But the number of mustangs running wild is now 50,000 more than the parched desert lands can sustain , according to federal officials . And the growing population is largely protected by federal law , meaning the horses ca n't be exterminated or otherwise harmed .
[ Read an excerpt from Wild Horse Country . ]
So , the Bureau of Land Management holds helicopter-assisted roundups every year in remote corners of Nevada and other western states , and trucks the trapped mustangs to Oklahoma and other greener pastures to live out the rest of their lives . The cost of rent for these aging horses is roughly $ 49 million a year . And the one thing nearly everyone can agree on—wild horse activists and officials alike—is that our current management strategy is n't working .
In Wild Horse Country : The History , Myth , and Future of the Mustang , Pulitzer-prize-winning New York Times correspondent David Philipps tells the saga of these wild horses , from their evolutionary origins on the same lands they inhabit today , to the costly fights and government mismanagement encountered in more recent history . In the end , he arrives at a question that transcends ecology , ethics , and politics : How should we live with this symbol of the American West ?
The first is quality insurance test provider Intertek ( LSE : ITRK ) . It carries out quality control tests on a range of consumer goods , industrial goods and raw…
For investors just starting to buy individual stocks , it can be difficult to sort through the hundreds and thousands of potential investment options out there . For this reason , some investors like to work their way down from the FTSE 100 to smaller indices like the AIM 100 . With that in mind , I think there are two standout stocks in the FTSE 100 that growth-oriented investors may find intriguing .
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
For investors just starting to buy individual stocks , it can be difficult to sort through the hundreds and thousands of potential investment options out there . For this reason , some investors like to work their way down from the FTSE 100 to smaller indices like the AIM 100 . With that in mind , I think there are two standout stocks in the FTSE 100 that growth-oriented investors may find intriguing .
High test scores = high profits
The first is quality insurance test provider Intertek ( LSE : ITRK ) . It carries out quality control tests on a range of consumer goods , industrial goods and raw materials . In recent years the group has pushed into the consumer goods space due to its increased margins , less cyclical nature and the huge addressable market that is growing rapidly as companies looking to trim costs and outsource this non-core task .
In 2017 , strong growth from consumer goods more than overcame weakness in the resources division , which is itself due to the oil & gas market 's continued issues . It led organic revenue 2.1 % higher year-on-year with overall constant currency sales up 3 % to £2,769m . Considering revenue from the resources segment was down 8.6 % , this overall performance was quite good .
Even more impressive are the results of management 's push into consumer goods and cost-cutting exercises that led operating margins up 1.1 percentage points to 16.9 % during the year . With margins rising , management was able to increase full-year dividends by 14.3 % , reduce its net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 1 times , and also invest more cash in margin-improving acquisitions .
With this virtuous cycle of improved margins , increased cash flow , and investments in future growth working at full tilt for several years , it 's no surprise that Intertek is richly valued at 25 times forward earnings . This is pricey , especially for a company so exposed to the business cycle , but over the long term I see plenty of scope for it to continue consolidating a highly fragmented market and pushing margins ever higher .
Cruising along comfortably
A more familiar growth option is Carnival ( LSE : CCL ) , the world 's largest cruise ship operator . In recent years the cruise industry as a whole has been going gangbusters as soaring demand from Americans , Europeans and , increasingly , Chinese consumers has led to an arms race in building ever bigger , more action-packed boats with price tags well over a billion dollars each .
This has cemented the high barriers to entry that Carnival and other big operators enjoy , while fast-rising supply means cruises are booked months in advance at high prices , meaning high margins for operators . In 2017 , these factors helped boost group revenue 6.8 % to $ 17.5bn with adjusted net income rising to $ 2.7bn .
And although the tourism-reliant cruise industry is cyclical in nature , I think Carnival 's market-leading position stands it in good stead over the long term . Furthermore , with its launch last year of the first international cruise ship designed specifically for the Chinese market , Carnival is opening up considerable scope for entering this new , highly profitable market in Asia .
With its shares trading at just 15 times forward earnings while offering a hearty 2.75 % dividend yield and great growth prospects , I think Carnival is one great stock for new investors to consider .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
- Advertisement -
The National Youth Service Corps has appealed to the Osun State Governor , Rauf Aregbesola , to start paying allowances to corps members deployed to the state in order to ease their transport problems .
The Coordinator of the NYSC in Osun State , Mr. Emmanuel Attah , made this appeal on Monday at the NYSC Orientation Camp in Ede , during the closing ceremony of the 2017 Batch B stream 1 deployed to the state .
Attah also appealed to the governor to reinstate the subventions to the scheme and solicited financial support to subsidise the feeding of the corps members , among others .
He said , “ I use this opportunity to bring to the attention of the Executive Governor of the State of Osun , the enormous challenges facing the NYSC in Osun State and therefore solicit your support to overcome them .
- Advertisement -
“ They are reinstatement of NYSC state subventions . Financial support to subsidise feeding in the camp . Also , payment of state allowances to corps members to ameliorate their transport and accommodation challenges . ”
The Deputy Governor , Osun State , Mrs. Titi Laoye-Tomori , who represented Aregbesola , said the requests of the NYSC which had already been tabled before the governor , was being looked into .
She said , “ The governor is already working on the requests presented to him by the NYSC . Appropriate review will be done very soon . You will receive this soon . ”
Laoye-Tomori urged the corps members to learn new skills in order to be competitive after their service year or to be self-reliant and eventually .
By Abby Hassler
Green Day 's Billie Joe Armstrong has always been outspoken about his political beliefs . Following the tragedy in Charlottesville , Virgina , over the weekend , Armstrong felt the need to speak out against the white supremacists who caused much of the violence .
Related : Billie Joe Armstrong Wins # TBT with Childhood Studio Photo
“ My heart feels heavy . I feel like what happened in Charlottesville goes beyond the point of anger , ” Armstrong wrote on Facebook . “ It makes me sad and desperate . shocked . I f—— hate racism more than anything . ”
“ The spirit of Green Day has always been about rising above oppression . and sticking up for what you believe in and singing it at the top of your lungs , ” Armstrong continued . “ We grew up fearing nuclear holocaust because of the cold war . those days are feeling way too relevant these days . these issues are our ugly past .. and now it 's coming to haunt us . always resist these doomsday politicians . and in the words of our punk forefathers .. Nazi punks f— off . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A company boss who repeatedly stuck his middle finger up to speed cameras while using a 'jammer ' to avoid getting caught has been jailed .
Timothy Hill , 67 , had fitted an illegal device to his flashy white Range Rover with a private licence plate so could block police from getting his details .
And Teeside Crown Court heard how he repeatedly goaded cops by making the rude gesture to cameras along the A19 in December last year .
Determined officers launched an investigation and eventually tracked down Hill to his home in Grassington , North Yorks .
When he found out he was being investigated , Hill threw the jammer into a river and told officers it could n't have been him because he was 60 miles away .
( Image : PA )
However , after being interviewed he admitted he had a jammer and was the driver flashing the finger at the mobile speed vans .
The judge , who jailed Hill for eight months , said such actions `` strike at the heart '' of the justice system and his sentence must act as a deterrent to others .
Traffic cops were unable to ascertain his speed but charged him with perverting the course of justice .
Hill pleaded guilty to the charge .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
North Yorkshire Traffic Constable Andrew Forth said : `` If you want to attract our attention , repeatedly gesturing at police camera vans with your middle finger while you 're driving a distinctive car fitted with a laser jammer is an excellent way to do it .
`` It 's also an excellent way to end up in prison .
`` As Hill 's case shows , perverting the course of justice is a very serious charge which carries a custodial sentence .
`` It 's our job to keep road users safe across all 6,000 miles of North Yorkshire 's roads .
`` Mobile safety camera vans are an important tool to do that - they are proven to reduce collisions and they help save lives .
`` Drivers who fit laser jammers may mistakenly feel smug about 'getting one over ' on the police . But we can tell if motorists are using these devices , and we will always endeavour to bring them to justice . ''
The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday moved to impose additional trade duties on the sale of Bombardier Inc CSeries jets in the United States , prompted by Boeing Co 's accusation that the Canadian plane and train maker had dumped the planes at `` absurdly low '' prices .
WASHINGTON : The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday moved to impose additional trade duties on the sale of Bombardier Inc CSeries jets in the United States , prompted by Boeing Co 's accusation that the Canadian plane and train maker had dumped the planes at `` absurdly low '' prices .
The Commerce Department proposed a 79.82 percent antidumping duty after a preliminary finding that the jets were sold below cost to Delta Air Lines in 2016 .
( Reporting by Tim Ahmann ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
Nigeria 's Ex-international Emmanuel Amuneke and Ivory Coast 's Didier Drogba were named by FIFA today as members of one of the two panels to shortlist candidates for Men 's Footballers and Coaches of the year for the 2017/18 season .
Another panel will do the shortlist for Women 's players and Coaches for the season .
The Best FIFA Football Awards is the premier annual awards celebration held by football 's world governing body .
The men 's panel also include legends Ronaldo , Fabio Capello and Frank Lampard , while stars Mia Hamm , Sun Wen and Maia Jackman form part of the women 's panel .
The judges will shortlist ten candidates for each category , which will be unveiled on 23 July 2018 – with a public vote opening on the same day . Football fans , national team captains , head coaches and more than 200 media representatives will then cast their votes to decide who will be crowned the best players and coaches in the men 's and women 's games from last season .
With the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ currently showcasing the finest footballing talent on the planet , the race for the Best FIFA Football Awards is even more intense and the showpiece event will take on added significance when it returns to London for a second time on 24 September 2018 .
At last year 's awards , Cristiano Ronaldo picked up the Best Men 's Player Award , the Netherlands ' Lieke Martens was crowned Best Women 's Player , French icon Zinédine Zidane was named Best Men 's Coach and the Netherlands ' Sarina Wiegman was Best Women 's Coach .
Separate panels will shortlist candidates for the Best FIFA Goalkeeper Award , the FIFA Puskás Award and the FIFA Fan Award , with the winner of the Best FIFA Goalkeeper Award chosen by a panel of FIFA Legends .
In recognition and celebration of the essential role played by football fans in the game , the FIFA Fan Award , an appreciation of memorable moments created by fans , is voted for by supporters .
The FIFA Puskás Award , handed out to the player judged to have scored the best goal of the year , is also determined by fans ' votes .
The voting process for the men 's and women 's awards will open on 23 July and close on 10 August .
FIFA will announce the final lists of the three nominees for each of the four categories listed above – as well as for the FIFA Puskás Award , the FIFA Fan Award and the Best FIFA Goalkeeper Award – in September .
Almost three days after drowning in the Kavango River police at Rundu in the Kavango East Region are still searching for the body of Mundanya Joseph Tjiwawa .
Thirty-one-year-old Tjiwawa drowned in the Kavango River on Friday afternoon . The search area continues to be a scene of grief for the family and friends of Tjiwawa , but they remain hopeful that his body will be found .
Police reports indicate that two men grabbed Tjiwawa , who was drunk at the time , and threw him into the river for unknown reasons resulting in him drowning .
The two suspects have been arrested .
DUBAI : Opener Dimuth Karunaratne compiled a brilliant century to put Sri Lanka in a commanding position at 254-3 on the opening day of the second day-night Test in Dubai on Friday ( Oct 6 ) .
The left-hander was unbeaten on 133 , adding 118 for an unbroken fourth-wicket stand with skipper Dinesh Chandimal ( 49 not out ) after Sri Lanka won the toss and batted on a flat Dubai Stadium pitch .
Karunaratne batted with authority and style to reach his seventh Test a hundred off 197 balls , hitting Mohammad Amir for two consecutive boundaries to complete three figures .
He batted for 381 minutes , hitting 15 boundaries and a six .
Karunaratne fell seven runs short of a hundred in the first Test in Abu Dhabi where Sri Lanka won by 21 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series .
Chandimal followed his 155 not out in the opening Test with another confident innings , collecting five boundaries as the Sri Lankan pair blunted Pakistan 's bowling attack .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Pakistan took the second new ball after 82 overs but failed to claim any further wickets , with Amir walking off in the middle of his 17th over with an apparent injury .
Pakistan , who have never lost a Test series in the United Arab Emirates , also wasted both their reviews off the second new ball to cap a woeful day for them .
Leg-spinner Yasir Shah was the pick of bowlers with 2-90 while Amir returned figures of 1-59 .
Karunaratne and opening partner Kaushal Silva ( 27 ) provided a solid platform for Sri Lanka with a 63-run stand before Pakistan hit back with three wickets in quick succession .
Shah delivered the much-needed breakthrough for his team when he had Silva caught behind off a short delivery .
Debutant Sadeera Samarawickrama impressed during his quick-fire 38 , smacking five boundaries and a six before he miscued a pull and was caught and bowled by Amir .
Kusal Mendis played a rash drive off Shah and was caught in the slips for one .
Karunaratne crunched three boundaries in an Amir over and then hit Shah for another to reach his sixth Test fifty .
Sri Lanka made two changes from the first Test , leaving out Lahiru Thirimanne and Lakshan Sandakan for Samarawickrama and paceman Lahiru Gamage while Pakistan brought in fast bowler Wahab Riaz in place of the unfit Hasan Ali .
This is the sixth day-night Test with a pink ball since Australia and New Zealand played the first such contest at Adelaide in December 2015 .
The snap general election called by Theresa May is Britain 's chance to avoid a `` disastrous hard Brexit '' , the Liberal Democrats have said .
Party leader Tim Farron told voters `` this is your chance to change the direction of your country '' after the Prime Minister called an early vote on June 8 .
The Lib Dems have consistently called for a second referendum on the final Brexit deal Mrs May achieves after negotiations with the European Union , and want to keep the UK in the European single market .
The Tories ' 2015 general election victory saw the party gain several formerly Lib Dem seats in the south-west of England .
Mr Farron said : `` This election is your chance to change the direction of our country .
`` If you want to avoid a disastrous hard Brexit .
`` If you want to keep Britain in the single market . If you want a Britain that is open , tolerant and united , this is your chance .
`` Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority . ''
Green Party co-leader Caroline Lucas welcomed an early vote at a time when `` Britain is at a crossroads '' and said the people should be given a say over the country 's future direction .
She promised the Greens would present a `` bold , positive vision for a different kind of Britain '' .
`` At this election we will stand for an economy that works for everyone , not just the privileged few ; a Britain that 's open to the world and the protection of our precious environment , '' Ms Lucas said .
`` We will stand up to the politics of hatred and division that is scarring our communities and give people across the country a chance to vote for a better Britain . ''
Her co-leader , Jonathan Bartley , said the announcement of a snap election , following a string of denials there would be an early vote , revealed a `` deep dishonesty at the heart of government '' .
Professor Martin Smith , head of the University of York 's politics department , said : `` There is a danger that the Prime Minister 's decision to call a snap election may appear both cynical and hypocritical .
`` She had indicated several times that she would not do so and in order to do so she has to shift away from fixed term elections introduced by her predecessor .
`` Clearly the reason for the election is that with Labour so weak in the polls , it is an opportunity for the Conservatives to win a landslide victory .
`` With a large Conservative majority , the government will be able to get through any Brexit deal .
`` Of course , there are going to be several difficulties for the Conservatives in the election campaign including the impact on Scotland and the potential for a second referendum , and a focus in the campaign on what sort of post-EU Britain the Conservatives want . ''
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall said : `` We welcome the opportunity to take Ukip 's positive message to the country .
`` However , we believe that the Prime Minister 's decision to call this election is a cynical decision driven more by the weakness of Corbyn 's Labour Party rather than the good of the country .
`` There is also the prospect of a slew of Tory held by-elections caused by the seeming systematic breach of electoral law at the last election , predominantly in places where Ukip were pressing the Conservatives hard .
`` We are in the midst of Brexit negotiations so this election will provide a perfect opportunity for the 52 % to vote for Ukip , the only party wholeheartedly committed to a clean quick and efficient Brexit . ''
Buenos Aries : Matias Messi , older brother of Barcelona and Argentina star Lionel , has been sentenced to house arrest in Argentina for possession of a weapon , a prosecutor said Monday .
Messi , 35 , was to be discharged from hospital later Monday and transferred to his home in Rosario , 300 kilometers ( 190 miles ) north of the capital Buenos Aires , head of the prosecutor 's office for Cybercrimes and Weapons Lucas Altare said .
He was taken to hospital with facial injuries after being found in a drifting and blood-stained motorboat on November 30 , apparently after colliding with a sandbank . He was arrested for possession of a firearm found in the boat .
It 's the second time that the star 's brother has been arrested for possession of a firearm . The offense carries a jail sentence of between three-and-a-half and eight years .
`` The guarantor of this house detention agreement is his father , Jorge Messi , '' said Altare , the prosecutor .
Family lawyer Ignacio Carbone told reporters that the defendant `` is a good person , he 's not going to go on the run . ''
HELSINKI : A Finnish lawmaker 's decision to switch parties could jeopardise the government 's reform plans and destabilise the centre-right ruling coalition , whose three parties together control just 105 of the parliament 's 200 seats .
Kaj Turunen announced on Tuesday that he was leaving nationalist party Blue Reform to join its centre-right coalition partner NCP , prompting a row between the parties .
Tensions within the government raise the risk that parliament could fail in June to pass major health care and local government reforms which are a cornerstone of coalition plans to eventually balance the euro zone country 's public finances .
`` Why does NCP rock the boat right now ? '' Blue Reform leader Sampo Terho , also a minister of EU affairs , said ahead of a meeting of its 18 remaining MPs to discuss the defection . They will consider a proposal by lawmaker Matti Torvinen to quit the coalition , according to the online edition of Ilta-Sanomat newspaper .
Prime Minister Juha Sipila said last month he would dissolve the government if it failed to push through the reforms , which are expected to save 3 billion euros in annual state spending as costs rise due to Finland 's fast-ageing population .
The NCP lost a lawmaker of its own Last week , when MP Harry Harkimo quit the party to start a new political movement , saying he was opposed to the reforms . Several NCP lawmakers have criticised the reform package .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Turunen was a prominent figure in Blue Reform , which was formed last year by lawmakers who quit the nationalist Finns Party when it was kicked out of government after picking new hardline leaders .
Blue Reform kept a government seat but has lagged in opinion polls with a support of less than 2 percent .
`` I started to think about this already last summer . Back then keeping up the government was more important , '' Turunen told reporters on Tuesday .
Finland 's next general election is scheduled for April 2019 .
( Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WARREN RUDA / THE CITIZENS ' VOICE Wilkes-Barre Area School Board attorney Raymond Wendolowski explains a revised feasibility study of building options to the school board and the crowd . He is flanked by board members Joseph Caffrey and Christine Katsock . WB city resident , Sam Troy , addresses WB School Board during special meetingcv12troyWarren Ruda / The Citizens ' Voice
WILKES-BARRE — The Wilkes-Barre Area School Board voted Wednesday to submit an amended feasibility study of building options to the state so state funding is available for each option .
Last year , the board approved a plan to merge Coughlin and Meyers high schools and build a new consolidated high school on the Coughlin site in downtown Wilkes-Barre . When the board approved the consolidation plan last June , the state was planning to cut off state funding for school construction projects on July 1 .
The moratorium on state funding for school projects is now set to start May 15 , according to new legislation that allows the state to borrow
$ 2.5 billion for its Plancon school construction fund .
The amended study now estimates the cost of the consolidated high school is
$ 82 million and projects the state would provide a reimbursement of $ 11.2 million .
The plan for an addition that allows seventh and eighth grades at Kistler Elementary School is now estimated at
$ 22 million with $ 7.5 million in state reimbursement funds .
The board has approved payments for pre-construction work on the Kistler and new consolidated high school projects .
The amended feasibility study includes options for projects that have been approved to start . Those options include renovations at GAR Junior Senior High School and Heights Murray Elementary School .
The cost of the GAR renovations are estimated at
$ 51.5 million with $ 7.7 million in state reimbursement funds . The cost to renovate Heights Murray is $ 23 million with $ 4.5 million in state reimbursement funds .
The amended feasibility study also includes options that have been rejected by the board , such as spending $ 113.5 million to renovate Meyers High School in South Wilkes-Barre .
mbuffer @ citizensvoice.com
570-821-2073 , @ cvmikebuffer
The 32-year-old who is from Solihull looked fit and healthy as he joined Black Sabbath rock legend Tony Iommi to open the cancer care unit .
The 31-chair unit is called the Solihull Haematology and Oncology Day Unit .
Ikeme was diagnosed with leukaemia just over a year ago and recently revealed he is in remission .
Remission is a decrease or disappearance of signs and symptoms of cancer .
The Nigerian goalkeeper received treatment at sister hospital Heartlands before being cared for at a clinic in Manchester .
Manos Nikolousis , the doctor who first diagnosed Carl Ikeme with leukaemia last year is pleased to see the 32 year old looking healthy .
“ I 'm really pleased to see Carl looking really healthy and making sure we did the best for Carl and all the patients we have , ” Nikolousis told British Daily Express and Star .
“ For somebody who has had treatment and understands exactly how things work in chemotherapy , for us is a massive thing . And for the patients .
“ They actually see well known people have treatment and to understand how they feel , and how they feel about cancer and cancer care .
“ ( Support for Carl ) is all over the world . You saw in the World Cup with Iceland having their shirts signed for Carl , I think there 's massive support .
“ It 's a worldwide perception about cancer care – everybody understands how cancer patients can feel and how important it is to give them support and the love they need undergoing treatment with chemotherapy which is a very intensive treatment .
“ It 's really nice to see all the people getting involved in cancer care . ”
Several charitable ventures organised by Wolves fans and friends of the keeper have raised more than £120,000 for Cure Leukaemia .
MANILA : Quake-prone countries around the Pacific Ocean Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) began a joint exercise testing their ability to deliver timely warnings of approaching tsunamis to tens of millions of people living along the coast .
The annual `` Pacific Wave '' exercise is taking place in a region where nearly eight in 10 of the world 's tsunamis - giant waves usually caused by underwater earthquakes - occur , the UN Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organisation said .
Though no actual evacuations will be conducted during the three days of drills , civil defence offices will rehearse the relaying of tsunami warnings for large quakes off the coasts of Chile and Peru , Colombia and Ecuador , the Philippines , the Solomon Islands , Tonga and Vanuatu .
The warnings will be sent to the participants by tsunami monitoring centres in Hawaii , Japan , and , for the first time , China .
`` This is very important for us because it allows us to receive advance warnings of tsunamis long before they arrive , '' seismologist Rommel Grutas of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology told AFP in Manila .
Grutas said one scenario involved a movement of the Manila Trench , a large and unstable undersea rift that runs the length of the Philippine archipelago and which triggers at least one minor earthquake each month .
A large movement of the trench launched a quake and a tsunami on Manila Bay and nearby areas in the 1800s , he added .
Grutas said only his agency was involved this year because the government 's civil defence office was busy addressing the fallout from a 6.5-magnitude quake that killed at least six people on the large southern island of Mindanao last week .
UNESCO said its Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission set up a Pacific tsunami warning system to address the recurring threat in 1965 , after a tsunami hit the coasts of Chile , Hawaii , Japan , and the Philippines , killing 224 people .
About 76 per cent of the world 's deadly tsunamis take place in the Pacific Ocean and connected seas , with one destructive local tsunami striking every year or two and an ocean-wide tsunami hitting the region per century , it added .
The Pacific features the so-called `` Ring of Fire '' , a horseshoe-shaped string of volcanoes and areas of seismic activity lining the rim of the ocean .
Jackson is well liked among senior White House officials , who had worked with him on a daily basis . But the administration has not put its full weight behind his nomination , according to people familiar with the matter , appointing midlevel aides to oversee Jackson 's briefing by VA experts and sending a junior media aide from the White House to help him make the rounds on Capitol Hill . With the recent departure of Darin Selnick , the White House 's most seasoned expert on veterans ' issues , Trump has few aides with deep knowledge of how the agency works .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Share :
LOS ANGELES-Kim Kardashian West has admitted she 's been turning to her half-sister Kylie Jenner for help on all the new ‘ 'baby gadgets '' . Kim Kardashian West has been turning to her half-sister Kylie Jenner for parenting advice . The ‘ Keeping Up With the Kardashians ' star - who has daughters North , five , and Chicago , six months , and son Saint , two , with her husband Kanye West - has admitted she 's been asking the 20-year-old reality TV star for help on all the ‘ 'new gadgets and baby stuff '' after she gave birth to her daughter Stormi , whom she has with Travis Scott , in February .
Asked who she goes to for parental guidance , the 37-year-old beauty told E ! News : ‘ 'Lately , it 's been Kylie . Kylie is up on all the new gadgets and the new baby stuff . ''
However , the brunette beauty thinks she will more than likely lean more on her sister Khloe Kardashian - who has two-month-old daughter True with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson - as times goes on because they have a ‘ 'similar parenting style . ''
She added : ‘ 'Khloe and I probably have the most similar parenting style and I will usually go to one of my best friends Larsa Pippen because she has four kids for mom advice . ''
But while she enjoys spending time with her kids , Kim has made it her challenge to work out every single day because it keeps her in great shape and helps her maintain her ‘ 'sanity . ''
She explained recently : ‘ ' I know , I used to make fun of Kourtney and Khloe all the time for posting their workouts , but now , I 've turned into them .
‘ ' I 've gotten into better shape and am more confident , so I 'm more comfortable sharing that , but for me , the gym is my must , [ my ] daily routine to keep my sanity . ''
CAIRO : Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year 's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people , an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large .
The jihadist group made the claim in a statement on one of its Telegram channels , a method it has used to claim attacks in the past . There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials .
`` In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross , Turkey , a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday , '' the statement said .
NATO member Turkey is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders .
The authorities believe the assailant may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect he had links to Islamic State , Turkey 's Hurriyet newspaper said . Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged attacker taken from security footage .
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul 's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara , some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants .
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year . Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle .
Nationals of Saudi Arabia , Morocco , Lebanon , Libya , Israel , India , a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed , officials said . Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia .
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people . Only days ago , an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by `` lone wolves '' on `` celebrations , gatherings and clubs '' .
( Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein and Ahmed Tolba ; Editing by Giles Elgood and Ralph Boulton )
When Sonam K Ahuja tied the knot with Anand S Ahuja this May , social media feeds all over the globe blew up with pictures from the festivities . While fashion enthusiasts added snapshots of the bride 's specially crafted mehandi lehenga to their Pinterest boards , Bollywood buffs became part of # SonamKiShaadi virtually via a handful of star-studded party videos . But what most were unable to access were the very special intimate moments that made Sonam and Anand 's wedding day the magical affair that it was .
With the July 2018 issue of Vogue India , we are taking you right into the heart of Sonam K Ahuja and Anand S Ahuja 's special week with more than 150 never-seen-before photographs . From the laid-back at-home mehandi to that rager of a wedding reception , it 's all been captured by our lens in a way that you have n't experienced before .
Some of the most heartfelt moments that you can now be part of from Sonam and Anand 's Anand Karaj ceremony include the bride 's walk to the palki on her big day , her bidaai ceremony , and the duo 's very first cake as a married couple . Scroll through our slideshow and you 'll also spot an emotional Sonam K Ahuja seeking blessings from grandmother Nirmal Kapoor , cousins Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor dancing with father-of-the-bride Anil Kapoor , and everyone from Karisma Kapoor and Rani Mukerji to the Bachchans and Aamir Khan celebrating with the Kapoor family . “ I think she 's the most beautiful bride of our country ; as delicate as a flower , ” makeup artist and close friend Namrata Soni had revealed to Vogue on Sonam 's wedding day . And really , you ca n't help but agree .
1 /35 Sonam K Ahuja Sonam K Ahuja with her father Anil Kapoor Rhea Kapoor with Sonam Sunita Kapoor is a vision in white At the Anand Karaj ceremony Janhvi Kapoor Anand S Ahuja and Sonam K Ahuja At the Anand Karaj ceremony Anand S Ahuja and Sonam K Ahuja The decor From left : Harshvardhan Kapoor , Karan Boolani , Mohit Marwah , Akshay Marwah , Kunal Rawal , Karan Singh and Arjun Kapoor The bride makes an entrance The bride makes an entrance Anil Kapoor , Sunita Kapoor and family members Aunt Kavita Singh 's sea-facing house in Bandra was the venue for the Anand Karaj ceremony , for which Sikh priests were flown in from the Golden Temple in Amritsar . The decor by Rani Pink recreated the art-strewn walls and jaali windows of Jaipur 's Bar Palladio , while Jo Malone London 's personalised scents took care of the olfactory senses Sonam K Ahuja and Anand S Ahuja Anand S Ahuja and Sonam K Ahuja Anand S Ahuja and Sonam K Ahuja Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor broke into a hip-hop rendering of “ Masakali ” Shweta Bachchan Nanda and Amitabh Bachchan The couple with Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor Amitabh Bachchan and Shweta Bachchan Nanda are greeted by Sunita Kapoor The couple with Karisma Kapoor Nirmal Kapoor blesses the couple with Harshvardhan Kapoor The talk of the party : Chef Pooja Dhingra 's on-point cake-topper , which saw the groom getting dragged off a basketball court by the bride Rhea Kapoor , Sunita Kapoor , Anand S Ahuja and Sonam K Ahuja The father of the bride with Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor The bidaai Former co-stars Aamir Khan and Rani Mukerji took us back in time Sonam K Ahuja
Photographs by Signe Vilstrup , Taras Taraporvala and Anand Rathi
Japanese airline ANA Holdings Inc said it will cancel 113 domestic flights between July 6 through July 12 to inspect Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc engines for compressor issues that have led to service interruptions for airlines globally .
TOKYO : Japanese airline ANA Holdings Inc said it will cancel 113 domestic flights between July 6 through July 12 to inspect Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc engines for compressor issues that have led to service interruptions for airlines globally .
The affected Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines are used on ANA 's Boeing Co 787 Dreamliner jets , the Japanese airline told reporters on Wednesday .
Advertisement
A compressor problem in the Trent 1000 package C engine has already led to planes being grounded by airlines such as British Airways , Virgin Atlantic and Air New Zealand . In June , Rolls-Royce said it had found the same issue on a `` small number of high life Package B engines '' .
ANA has been conducting inspections on Trent 1000 package C engines under instruction from Japan 's transport ministry , with an expansion of inspections to include package B engines leading to the flight cancellations , the airline said .
In total 136 engines are affected , said ANA , the world 's biggest 787 operators by fleet size .
Progress on a fix for the affected engines has been hampered by a global shortage of replacement parts , the airline said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Maki Shiraki and Sam Nussey ; Editing by Jamie Freed and Himani Sarkar )
Pakistan Red Crescent Society ( PRCS ) and Benazir Income Support Programme ( BISP ) have signed an agreement to facilitate each other by sharing community-based services , information and capacity building in mutual areas of expertise for the larger well-being of the BISP beneficiaries .
A delegation led by Secretary General PRCS , called on Chairperson BISP Marvi Memon at BISP headquarters on Wednesday , a press release said .
Memon said BISP beneficiaries are really close to our hearts , and we want this new partnership to honor the commitment of service delivery to the poorest beneficiaries with complete zeal and zest .
This agreement would definitely ensure the broader foundation to facilitate and help the BISP beneficiaries , she said .
Secretary , BISP Omar Hamid Khan while welcoming the delegation briefed about other programmes initiated by BISP in the field of Social Protection and health facilities to the neglected segment of the society .
Secretary General PRCS , Ghulam Muhammad Awan extended his full support and commitment towards this noble cause .
He said we are glad to be partnered with BISP , having such a comprehensive database of beneficiaries , spread across Pakistan . Both the sides share their areas of mutual social contribution and agreed to work jointly in near future.—APP
Related
REUTERS : Apple Inc said on Friday its general counsel , Bruce Sewell , will retire and be succeeded by former Honeywell International Inc executive Katherine Adams , who will take over Apple 's multinational legal battle against Qualcomm Inc .
Adams , who will also be senior vice president of legal and global security , will report to Chief Executive Tim Cook , the company said .
Before joining Honeywell in 2003 , Adams was an attorney with Sidley Austin LLP in New York . Earlier , she had served as a clerk for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and for Stephen Breyer , who was then an appeals court judge but later was appointed to the Supreme Court .
Sewell , who has been Apple 's general counsel since 2009 , will retire at the end of the year , the company said . Sewell , who came to Apple from Intel Corp , guided Apple through its massive patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd over design patents for the original iPhone , a case that is still simmering nearly six years after it was filed and eventually reached the U.S. Supreme Court . A U.S. appeals court is currently working to decide the final amount of damages Samsung owes Apple .
In taking the legal reins at Apple , Adams will take over a wide-ranging dispute with Qualcomm over how that chipmaker licenses its technology to Apple . At the heart of the dispute is Qualcomm 's long-held practice of charging a percentage of the total price of iPhones and other Apple devices as a licensing fee for its mobile connectivity patent portfolio .
Apple has sued Qualcomm over that practice in U.S. civil courts as well as 11 foreign jurisdictions . Qualcomm has brought an action against Apple before the U.S. International Trade Commission seeking to ban imports of some iPhones . Qualcomm filed a separate civil lawsuit accusing Apple of infringing the patents at issue in that action .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Qualcomm also faces an antitrust complaint from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission . In addition , four of Apple 's contract manufacturers have sued Qualcomm on antitrust allegations , and Apple has joined that lawsuit .
( Additional reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Jonathan Oatis )
Jimmy Robertson 's terrific run at snooker 's German Masters was ended by a two-time world champion tonight ( Friday ) .
The Bexhill cueman lost 5-3 against Mark Williams at the Berlin Tempodrom having reached the quarter-finals of a full ranking event for the first time .
World number 10 Williams , playing in his seventh quarter-final of the season , clinched the opening two frames with breaks of 57 and 89 .
Robertson rallied to level at 2-2 , aided by a run of 76 in frame four , and although Williams took the fifth , Robertson claimed the sixth without conceding a point to make it 3-3 .
World number 37 Robertson did n't pot a ball in frame seven , though , and Williams clinched the eighth 80-46 to book his place in the semi-finals .
St Leonards-based Mark Davis , meanwhile , was edged out 5-4 by world number 17 Ryan Day in a good second round contest this afternoon .
Day , the world number 17 , did n't score a point in the opening two frames as Davis knocked in splendid breaks of 103 and 78 . Riga Masters winner Day reeled off the next four frames , though , with runs of 54 , 61 and 115 .
Davis , ranked 42 , won the next two to level at 4-4 , aided by a break of 108 in frame eight , but Welsh potter Day prevailed 77-16 in the decider .
Benefit from an ongoing discount on your Observer by joining our voucher membership scheme . Once you 've subscribed , we 'll send you dated vouchers which can be exchanged for your paper at any news outlet . To save money on your Observer , simply click here ( www.localsubsplus.co.uk )
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
I never said that ! High-tech deception of 'deepfake ' videos
I never said that ! High-tech deception of 'deepfake ' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans .
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans .
( Darren Lewis via AP ) . In this this photo taken Monday , July 2 , 2018 , and provided by Darren Lewis , a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir , Utah . The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July ...
( Darren Lewis via AP ) . In this this photo taken Monday , July 2 , 2018 , and provided by Darren Lewis , a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir , Utah . The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July ...
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers , the focus will shift to lawsuits .
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers , the focus will shift to lawsuits .
( KGO-TV via AP , File ) . FILE - This Dec. 3 , 2016 , file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland , Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
( KGO-TV via AP , File ) . FILE - This Dec. 3 , 2016 , file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland , Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest .
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
Seattle bars and restaurants can no longer offer plastic straws and utensils under a rule that aims to reduce marine plastic pollution .
Seattle bars and restaurants can no longer offer plastic straws and utensils under a rule that aims to reduce marine plastic pollution .
The International Space Station got its first robot with artificial intelligence Monday , along with some berries , ice cream and identical brown mice .
The International Space Station got its first robot with artificial intelligence Monday , along with some berries , ice cream and identical brown mice .
( NASA TV via AP ) . In this frame from NASA TV , a SpaceX cargo capsule approaches the International Space Station on Monday , July 2 , 2018 , to deliver the first robot with artificial intelligence in orbit .
( NASA TV via AP ) . In this frame from NASA TV , a SpaceX cargo capsule approaches the International Space Station on Monday , July 2 , 2018 , to deliver the first robot with artificial intelligence in orbit .
A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time finding food as conservation land converts to row crops .
A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time finding food as conservation land converts to row crops .
( Sarah Scott/The Ohio State University via AP ) . This June 2015 photo provided by The Ohio State University shows a bee on a flower in Southwest Minnesota . A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time find ...
( Sarah Scott/The Ohio State University via AP ) . This June 2015 photo provided by The Ohio State University shows a bee on a flower in Southwest Minnesota . A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time find ...
A massive wildfire in rural Northern California has exploded in size and forced evacuations in hot , dry weather sweeping several Western states where blazes are threatening thousands of homes .
A massive wildfire in rural Northern California has exploded in size and forced evacuations in hot , dry weather sweeping several Western states where blazes are threatening thousands of homes .
( AP Photo/Noah Berger ) . Flames rise around an outbuilding as the County fire burns in Guinda , Calif. , Sunday July 1 , 2018 . Evacuations were ordered as dry , hot winds fueled a wildfire burning out of control Sunday in rural Northern California , sending ...
( AP Photo/Noah Berger ) . Flames rise around an outbuilding as the County fire burns in Guinda , Calif. , Sunday July 1 , 2018 . Evacuations were ordered as dry , hot winds fueled a wildfire burning out of control Sunday in rural Northern California , sending ...
Get ready to gobble ! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest .
Get ready to gobble ! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - With fireworks thundering across night skies and backyard barbecues , Americans are celebrating Independence Day by participating in time-honored traditions that express pride in their country 's 242nd birthday .
But this quintessential American holiday will also be marked with a sense of a United States divided for some - evidenced by competing televised events in the nation 's capital .
From New York to California , July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted , with Macy 's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan 's Famous hot dog eating contest .
The day 's events will also be stately and traditional , with parades lining streets across the country and the world 's oldest commissioned warship firing a 21-gun salute to mark the 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
For some Western states , however , the holiday will be a bit more muted as high wildfire danger forces communities to cancel fireworks displays .
Here are highlights of Wednesday 's festivities so far :
___
A HISTORIC PARADE
Crowds are lining the streets in a Rhode Island town to see what 's billed as the nation 's oldest continuous Fourth of July celebration . Begun in 1785 , the Bristol parade typically attracts about 100,000 people to the seaside town .
This year 's will be a scorcher .
When the parade kicked off at 10:30 a.m. , the temperature was hovering near 90 degrees . The Providence Journal reports there will be water stations along the 2.5-mile route and medical personnel will watch the marchers for signs of heat illnesses .
The fire chief told the newspaper it has been a few years since it has been this hot during the parade .
Democratic Gov . Gina Raimondo , U.S. Sen. Jack Reed , U.S. Rep. David Cicilline and other officials plan to march .
___
The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire her guns again to mark Independence Day .
The plan was for the world 's oldest commissioned warship to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard on Wednesday and glide through the harbor to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
The ship nicknamed `` Old Ironsides '' was to travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute .
The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard was to return the salute .
An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station , the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797 .
___
DUELING CELEBRATIONS
The country 's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition - PBS ' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol 's West Lawn - is facing new counterprogramming from the White House , which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service 's fireworks show . Both shows feature different `` American Idol '' alums .
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to `` tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities . '' PBS declined to comment .
___
LIGHTING UP THE NIGHT SKIES
In New York , the Macy 's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and `` ahhhh , '' plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson , Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC 's broadcast .
But some places in the West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger and others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics .
In Colorado , the wildfire danger forced some communities to cancel their fireworks . However , other shows will still go as planned in Denver , Colorado Springs and Fort Collins .
The small mountain town of Silverton , in southwestern Colorado , called off the fireworks part of its annual Independence Day party , but the rest of Wednesday 's celebration is still on , including live music and a parade that ends with a water fight with firefighters . Aspen will have a fire-proof drone light display above town .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Market traders in Ibadan , the Oyo State capital , are currently at war over the removal of Iyaloja of Ibadanland , Chief Labake Lawal .
While Lawal is insisting that she remained the Iyaloja of Ibadanland , Alhaji Dauda Oladepo , the president of the traders ' association , said Lawal was unanimously removed by congress at the group 's meeting .
But Lawal said that it was only the Olubadan of Ibadanland that has the authority to remove her .
She stated that she still enjoyed the support of the Olubadan and threatened to sue the traders over what she considered her illegal removal .
“ As far as I am concerned , I am still the Iyaloja of Ibadanland and I have contacted my lawyer to sue anyone who takes any contrary action , ” she said .
Commenting on the feud between the traders , Mr Adeola Oloko , the media aide to the Olubadan of Ibadanland , Oba Saliu Adetunji , said the reported removal of the Iyaloja of Ibadanland , Chief Labake Lawal , had yet to be formally presented to the traditional ruler .
Oloko disclosed in Ibadan on Monday that the formal process of removing the Iyaloja was consequently yet to be completed .
He said that the monarch had the authority to ratify both the deposed Iyaloja and the new candidate as presented by the traders ' association through the Iyalode of Ibadanland , Alhaja Aminat Abiodun .
Explaining the formal process , Oloko said that the association would brief the Iyalode of Ibadanland of their decision to remove an Iyaloja , and she would in turn brief the monarch about the development .
He said that the Iyalode was responsible for vetting the process of removal and recommendation of a new candidate for presentation to the Olubadan for ratification .
Oloko declared that the process was yet to be completed until the ratification by the Olubadan .
Mixed reactions had trailed the removal of Lawal over allegations of fraud and high handedness .
The traders at their recent congress told newsmen that the Olubadan had ratified the removal of Lawal as Iyaloja .
Olubadan was reported to have told the traders at a meeting on Nov. 28 , 2016 that he only has the authority to ratify removal and appointment of a new Iyaloja of Ibadanland .
The monarch was quoted to have said at the meeting that affairs concerning traders were under the purview of the Iyalode of Ibadanland at the Olubadan-in-Council .
The Iyalode of Ibadanland , after the meeting , told the traders that the choice of a new Iyaloja was theirs and the ratification would come from the monarch .
She urged the traders to take a decision on the matter for ratification by the monarch .
The directors are property veterans and the company is focused on “ sectors supported by structural changes in shopping habits , ” notably the digital revolution . In today 's results , management said retail distribution assets now represent 69 % of the portfolio , compared with 21 % in 2013 .
Shares of LondonMetric Property ( LSE : LMP ) have been hitting new all-time highs this month . The company , which released its annual results this morning , was formed by the merger of Metric and London & Stamford in 2013 and the combined group has provided investors with a five-year annualised total return of 15.2 % , compared with 6.8 % for the FTSE 100 .
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners . Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails . More information about how The Fool collects , stores , and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
Shares of LondonMetric Property ( LSE : LMP ) have been hitting new all-time highs this month . The company , which released its annual results this morning , was formed by the merger of Metric and London & Stamford in 2013 and the combined group has provided investors with a five-year annualised total return of 15.2 % , compared with 6.8 % for the FTSE 100 .
The directors are property veterans and the company is focused on “ sectors supported by structural changes in shopping habits , ” notably the digital revolution . In today 's results , management said retail distribution assets now represent 69 % of the portfolio , compared with 21 % in 2013 .
Unemotional
LondonMetric reported an uplift in EPRA net asset value ( NAV ) per share of 10.3 % on last year to 165.2p . EPRA earnings per share ( EPS ) increased 3.7 % to 8.5p and the board lifted the dividend by 5.3 % to 7.9p .
The share price is 192p , so the shares are trading at a 16.2 % premium to NAV . Put another way , if you 're investing at the current price , you 're having to pay £1 for every 86p worth of assets . Meanwhile , the price-to-earnings ( P/E ) ratio is 22.6 and the dividend yield is 4.1 % .
I believe LondonMetric 's valuation is too rich . Just as management is unemotional about its property portfolio and sells and recycles the capital if an asset no longer justifies continued ownership , I see now as a good time to sell the company 's shares and recycle the capital into a stock with better value credentials in terms of NAV , P/E and dividend yield .
Contrarian corker ?
Jupiter Fund Management ( LSE : JUP ) has delivered a five-year annualised total return of 11.2 % for investors . And this despite a recent share price decline from an all-time high of 631p in the first week of January to around 450p today .
My Foolish colleague Harvey Jones believes this looks like a buying opportunity and fellow Fool Royston Wild is equally enthused by what he reckons could be a contrarian corker . At the current share price , underlying EPS of 34.2p gives a trailing P/E of 13.2 , while the running dividend yield is 7.2 % , based on a 17.1p ordinary dividend and 15.5p special . On the face of it , the valuation is not unattractive , even with City forecasts of dips in EPS and dividends this year . These raise the P/E to 13.4 and reduce the yield to 6.6 % .
Stage of the cycle
Jupiter 's flagship Dynamic and Strategic bond funds have been hugely popular after a 30-year bull run in fixed income and the fund house has also enjoyed the nine-year bull run in equities , driven by the asset-price-inflating policies of governments and central banks .
However , investors drew a net £1.3bn out of the group 's funds in Q1 this year and I fear this is a bad stage in the cycle to be investing in Jupiter . Bull runs do n't last forever and sooner or later the company will likely be hit with brutal EPS and dividend downgrades . On the basis that it could well be sooner rather than later , this is a stock I 'd be happy to sell at this time .
By COREY LEBLANC
Staff Writer
The Niagara Knights men 's basketball team continued their dominant season on Saturday by narrowing defeating the Lambton Lions by the score of 84-79 .
It was a game of ups and downs that featured the Knights almost blowing a lead that had stood at 18 points in its peak . Knights failed to put away the 3-12 Lions .
“ We let them come back and we should n't have , ” said Lequan Hylton after the game . “ We kind of let go , we took everything for granted I guess . We were up by 20 and we relaxed when we should n't have . We should have tried to step on their throats and made it 30 , made it 40 and we did n't . ”
PHOTO BY COREY LEBLANC
Hylton had another solid game despite the collapse that almost cost them the game . He put up 13 points and played almost 28 minutes . He exceeded his averages in both 3 PT shooting percentage and 3 PT attempts . Hylton , along with teammates Van Hutchinson and Levi Makuna really stepped up and gave the Knights the push they needed to win the game .
Hutchinson has a game-high 18 points for the Knights , while Makuna was key in securing the victory , putting up the free-throw that would eventually serve as the four-point cushion in the dying seconds .
Coach Keith Vassel , who 's come to expect more of his team , is happy they won , but knows his team could have done better to put away the Lions early .
“ I was disappointed in how the second half went . I do n't think we played with enough energy , ” said Vassel . “ I think we got a little overconfident and it came back to bite us in the butt . ”
The win for the Knights is number 12 on the year and their third in a row . It will serve as a confidence booster against the .500 St. Clair team that rolls into town tomorrow afternoon .
“ We did n't capitalize on our chances . It was just a sloppy second half and hopefully we 'll be able to bounce back tomorrow , ” said Vassel .
Quick Hits
I 'm a real fan of Kevin Cooper and the way he plays the game . He 's a hard power forward and although he only played 7:48 tonight , he had another vicious slam in this one . He 's my kind of player .
Forward , Payam Samboni sat out of this one with a sore hip . Talked to him in between quarters and he hopes to be ready to go tomorrow against St. Clair .
Lequan Hylton showed a lot of emotion in the second-half that can only be described as honourable . He was happy when the team was doing well and visibly upset when they almost blew the lead . I think he showed today just how much he cares about this team .
Van Hutchinson is the backbone of this team . I 've said it before , but he puts up nearly 30 minutes a game and is highly effective when he 's inside the key . Watch out though , he 's more effective when he drives the basket and I 'm positive some of the Lambton players will be feeling Hutchinson in the morning .
Knights had a great day shooting percentage wise . They exceeded team averages in every aspect of shooting percentage . Truly was a wonderful game to watch .
Can anyone other than Sheridan stop this Knights team ? Seriously , even when they were on their heels in the fourth quarter of this one , there was never any doubt that they would come out with the win . Both the Knights ' losses this season have come against the Bruins and right now they have me believing that 's the only team that can beat them .
After the Game – Levi Makuna
Q : Describe that win , coming off the first of a back-to-back weekend .
A : It was tough . We let off a bit in the third quarter , but as long as we got it done and we 're ready for tomorrow I think we 're happy with what we got .
Q : You were at the line for the last two free-throws . What 's going through your mind ? Do you think , ‘ I make this shot and it 's basically the win . '
A : I just got to make it just to secure the win . I 'm very confident at the free-throw line .
Q : Describe a little bit what the offense was doing right . You guys were taking a lot of perimeter shots where you 've been explosive all season .
A : Our goal was to get to the basket and get as many easy buckets as we got . As for the three-point line , we got the open shots but we did n't hit them all . So that 's something we have to work on definitely .
Q : Tell me about Kevin Cooper , he does n't play very much , but when he does he make an explosion .
A : He 's young , still has a lot to learn . He 's on his way to being a good big and he shows that every time he gets on the court .
Q : What do you guys have to tomorrow in order to prepare yourselves both mentally and physically ?
A : Well first of all stretch . Just continue to put emphasis on defense and making sure we move the ball around .
GENEVA : A U.N. human rights panel urged the United States on Monday to end widespread detention of would-be immigrants including asylum-seekers , saying the practice has `` grown exponentially '' and violates international law .
The holding of migrants and would-be refugees in custody is often `` punitive , unreasonably long , unnecessary and costly '' and should be used only as a last resort , the panel said in a 23-page report to the United Nations Human Rights Council .
Each year , an estimated 352,850 people are detained across the United States pending the outcome of their immigration proceedings at a cost of about US $ 2 billion , it said .
The independent experts , who form the U.N. working group on arbitrary detention , were reporting on their mission last October at the invitation of the Obama administration .
`` The Working Group is of the view that all administrative detention , in particular of immigrants in an irregular situation , should be in accordance with international human rights law ; and that such detention is to be a measure of last resort , necessary and proportionate and be not punitive in nature , and that alternatives to detention are to be sought whenever possible , '' the report said .
In Washington , the Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the findings .
Advertisement
Advertisement
President Donald Trump has backed legislation to crack down on illegal immigrants , describing it as vital to protect American lives .
The U.N. experts interviewed 280 detainees during their visits to nine prisons in Texas , California and Illinois . Some were remote locations with limited access to legal services .
They reported seeing immigrants and asylum seekers held in `` punitive conditions '' comparable to those of convicted criminals despite their right to seek asylum under international law .
In some cases , the length of detention pending immigration proceedings was `` unreasonable '' , lasting from six months to more than one year without resolution .
The experts voiced concern at Trump 's executive order in January and an implementing memorandum that `` lay the groundwork for expanding the existing detention system by increasing the number of individuals subject to immigration detention '' .
`` Under the order , apprehended individuals may be detained 'on suspicion ' of violating federal or state law , which includes unauthorised entry , '' they said .
They received information in March that the Department of Homeland Security was considering separating children from parents caught crossing the border , `` in an attempt to deter illegal immigration from Mexico , '' they said .
`` This is particularly serious given the increasing trend of unaccompanied children migrating to escape violence and reunite with family members . ''
( Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . ( AP ) — Purdue coach Matt Painter said he does not expect starting center Isaac Haas to play again this season — even if the NCAA approves a brace to protect his fractured right elbow .
The 7-foot-2 senior was injured in an NCAA Tournament win over Cal State Fullerton . Team trainers fitted Haas with a large brace to protect his arm and he worked out with his teammates Saturday but he was wearing a brace that would not have allowed him to play for safety reasons .
Painter also says Haas also has yet to demonstrate he can grab two-handed rebounds and shoot free throws with his right hand .
Second-seeded Purdue beat Butler without Haas to reach its second straight Sweet 16 . The Boilermakers play Texas Tech on Friday in Boston .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
British Prime Minister Theresa May called on Tuesday , 18.04.2017 , for an early election on June 8 , motivating with a needed to strengthen her hand in Brexit talks with the European Union by shoring up support for PM 's departure from EU plan .
Standing outside her Downing Street office , May said she had been reluctant about asking parliament to back her move to bring forward the election from 2020 , but decided it was necessary to win support for her ruling Conservative Party 's efforts to press ahead with Britain 's exit from the EU .
# Sterling regains lost ground as PM May calls early UK elections for June 8 # GBP pic.twitter.com/zWBSsjU61X — Mike Dolan ( @ reutersMikeD ) April 18 , 2017
The Federal Reserve is preparing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that played a role in triggering the 2008 financial meltdown .
The Volcker Rule , crafted by regulators 4 1/2 years ago , changed the way the biggest U.S. banks do business . It prohibits them from using the deposits of customers to fund risky trades . It 's a key plank of the landmark Dodd-Frank financial regulation law intended to reduce the likelihood of another crisis and taxpayer-funded bank bailout .
President Donald Trump has blamed Dodd-Frank for constraining economic growth . When the Fed meets Wednesday , it will propose changes to the Volcker Rule .
The rule is named for Paul Volcker , a Fed chairman in the 1980s who was an adviser to President Barack Obama during the financial crisis . Volcker urged a ban on deposit-funded , high-risk trading by big banks , believing that it would be an effective in averting future economic crises .
There has already been a volley of modifications that unwind the stricter regulations put into place during the Great Recession :
—Last week , Congress approved legislation rolling back the Dodd-Frank law , giving Trump a key win on a campaign promise as he quickly signed it into law . The Republican-led legislation , passed with help from some opposition votes , was aimed at especially helping small and medium-sized banks , including community banks and credit unions . It eases oversight and capital requirements ( and Volcker Rule compliance ) for about two dozen banks falling below new capital thresholds , including BB & T Corp. , SunTrust Banks , Fifth Third Bancorp and American Express .
—After Trump installed him in November as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , Mick Mulvaney has shaped the watchdog agency established by the Dodd-Frank law and urged a curb on its powers . He has dropped a lawsuit against a payday lender , targeted agency enforcement powers in anti-discrimination cases and threatened a consumer complaint database . No banks or other financial institutions have been fined or sued since he took over .
The scope of the Fed 's proposed revisions to the Volcker Rule is still unclear . The burden could shift from the banks to the regulators to prove that specific types of transactions violate the ban .
The Volcker Rule banned high-risk activity known as proprietary trading . The practice had become a huge money-making machine for Wall Street mega-banks like Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley . Proprietary trading allowed big banks to tap depositors ' money in federally-insured bank accounts — essentially borrowing against that money and using it for investments .
“ Weakening the Volcker Rule means allowing banks to play with other people 's money again . That was the casino economy before the crisis , ” says Ed Mierzwinski , a senior director at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group , a consumer advocacy organization
In the years since the rule took effect , banks have been required to trade mainly on behalf of their clients .
“ The proprietary trading desks are gone ( from the banks ) and they 're probably not going to come back , ” says Oliver Ireland , an attorney specializing in banking law at Morrison & Foerster . Ireland was an associate general counsel at the Fed .
Still , big Wall Street banks have pushed against the Volcker Rule .
It can be difficult to identify proprietary trading compared with other key bank activities such as market-making , which is exempt from the ban on proprietary trading . When big banks engage in market-making , they use their own money to take the opposite side of a customer 's trade : They buy or sell an investment to help execute the trade .
The Fed is an independent regulator that asserts its separation from political pressure and the White House . Trump , of course , has had the opportunity to put his stamp on the central bank by filling positions on the seven-member Fed board .
The new Fed chairman since February , Jerome Powell , who was a board member under ex-Fed chair Janet Yellen , was an investment banker before he joined the central bank . After Trump named him Fed chief , Powell told Congress that he believes the rules put into place after the 2008 crisis could be improved , though he does n't completely support the administration 's ambition of aggressively rolling back regulations .
Another Trump appointee on the Fed board , investment banker Randal Quarles , is the Fed 's top overseer of Wall Street and the leader in seeking to ease financial regulation . He has said the package of rules under Dodd-Frank should be overhauled but not scrapped . The third sitting Fed governor is Lael Brainard , a former Treasury Department official appointed by Obama in 2014 .
Trump has named three others to fill vacancies on the board : two economics professors and the Kansas banking commissioner . They await Senate confirmation .
© The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
Retired Deputy Chief Justice Dikgang Moseneke delivered a historic ruling at the Life Esidimeni Arbitration on Monday , awarding relatives of those who died R1.2-million in compensation . The arbitration was devastating and healing for relatives of those who died , but justice wo n't be done until the culprits are charged . By GREG NICOLSON .
You have to sign in when you arrive at the Emoyeni Conference Centre , the home of the Life Esidimeni Arbitration since October . You receive a tag : Legal Representative , Family , Attendee , Media . The lawyers sit in the front and family members group behind them , to the right , as a unit .
On Monday morning , before Moseneke presided over the arbitration 's final day , family members greeted each other with smiles . They saved each other seats and helped an elderly woman who needed a certain spot to best hear the translator . Tissues were passed when someone started crying , while Moseneke mentioned how patients were restrained as they were transported from Life Esidimeni .
Those with family member tags were either relatives of the 144 people who died after the Gauteng government moved around 1,500 psychiatric patients out of Life Esidimeni in 2016 , or relatives of those who survived . They sat through the arbitration for months hearing excruciating details about what happened .
Moseneke delivered a brilliant and tormented account that validated the arbitration and years of disputes had already told us . Defenceless psychiatric patients were tortured and died when they were sent from Life Esidimeni to NGOs . There were no valid reasons for the responsible Gauteng health department officials to move patients , except arrogance , political expediency and excuses of a bureaucratic “ collective decision ” .
The families suffered through that , fighting the department 's plans since 2015 , searching for their loved ones after they were moved , dealing with disgusting arrogance from officials while just trying to get basic information , finding emaciated patients , searching morgues , calling for action .
“ It 's more of a vindication . It means the families were not lying . They were telling the truth , ” said the Life Esidimeni Family Committee 's Christine Nxumalo , who praised Moseneke 's ruling and handling of the arbitration . Her sister Virginia Machpelah died at the Precious Angels NGO . Virginia 's daughter died after the hearings started .
Moseneke was scathingly honest in his assessment of the role of the key officials involved . Former Gauteng health MEC Qedani Mahlangu , former head of department Dr Barney Selebano , and provincial mental health director Dr Makgabo Manamela knew patients would be tortured , so they should have known many could die . They misled the hearings , but Moseneke said he 'd leave SAPS to fulfil its mandate and charge the three , and others involved , criminally .
He described in excruciating detail how and why patients died , how their relatives suffered , how the department of health officials failed to account and tell the arbitration exactly why the Life Esidimeni contract was cancelled and patients were moved when all their explanations were debunked .
Health Ombudsman Professor Malegapuru Makgoba interviewed some of the relatives before the arbitration , which he recommended in his report on the Life Esidimeni deaths . On Monday , he said when he interviewed relatives they were weary of another political official .
He noted the change in the relatives from when the arbitration began .
“ In October it was like the families were almost like individuals , but as the process went on it was almost like they were a big family . ”
Makgoba and Moseneke know that true justice , despite their hopes , will be a long road . But the arbitration was about those smiles , the tissues , the lunches relatives shared , the minibus rides relatives took home , the impromptu briefings lawyers gave families . The time Reverend Joseph Maboe , who lost his son Billy , stood and prayed for a man accused of taking life from his family .
Moseneke 's full ruling should be widely read , not just by government officials who have been warned to never again put their own arrogance , party interests or bureaucratic hierarchies before their duties , but all South Africans .
The ruling awards most families R1.2-million in compensation , tells government to honour the dead and fix the system , but Moseneke 's ruling does n't explain the hope of Life Esidimeni .
Every time I speak to Christine Nxumalo she 's busy updating and interacting with members of the family committee .
“ It became more of a support system so we can understand each other 's pain , ” said Boitumelo Nangena , whose mother Rehab died after being moved from Life Esidimeni to Takalani Home , on the family committee .
“ In my family , I was on my own , ” said Elizabeth Phangela . Her younger brother Christopher died at Precious Angels . Relatives of other patients helped her find a community for her cause . “ We 've become like one family now ... We wo n't be separated from each other . ”
Professor Makgoba said , “ It 's like a whole new world in terms of social cohesion in terms of the families being more trusting . ”
Relatives have not only bonded with each other , many have come to at least respect officials such as Premier David Makhura and Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi , even while they 're waiting for them to reform the mental healthcare system and for officials directly involved to be criminally charged .
Moseneke has had a huge part to play . The families chose him as arbitrator , yet his commitment to justice , professionalism and sensitivity still managed to leave most unable to find the words to describe his positive impact .
The defining features of the Life Esidimeni Arbitration were love and justice , the feelings families felt for their persecuted relatives and their efforts to find justice .
Moseneke was the perfect leader , but there were others .
Lawyers such as Adila Hassim for SECTION27 , Lilla Crouse for Legal Aid , and Dirk Groenewald for Solidarity refused to let officials off the hook . Long before their arguments in front of the arbitration , the South African Depression and Anxiety Group 's Cassey Chambers , SECTION27 's John Stephens and a host of others started making noise trying to prevent the massacre .
Remembering her mother , Nangema said she 's still in pain .
“ It 's the end now . You just have to start mourning and just accept that this person 's not there any more . ”
She expected to find closure , but she did n't .
“ It has n't taken away the pain . In fact , I feel worse now . ”
The arbitration and the bonds it formed have lessened the anger families might feel , but they still want justice for their loved ones .
“ It 's just opened my eyes to the more horrific things my mother went through . It hurts , ” said Nangema .
Nomvula Nonjabe , whose sister survived the move from Life Esidimeni , described Monday as the painful recalling of events , like using a pencil to rewind a cassette tape . The arbitration has been the most difficult experience she 's ever had .
The families are now committed to seeing that all of the officials involved are criminally charged and the mental healthcare system in Gauteng is overhauled .
They 're still wary of whether the government , despite its assurances , will adhere to Moseneke 's ruling . Together , they 've realised they have a better chance .
“ I 'm glad we did n't give up as the family committee , ” said Nonjabe . DM
Original painting , ‘ Scream ' by Edvard Munch .
Justin Turner 's three-run home run and Yasiel Puig 's double in the first has given the Dodgers a lead early in the game . A.J . Pollock 's homer in the third is Arizona 's only hit of the game .
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers , including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough .
BRISBANE : Tim Puetz and Jan-Lennard Struff won a thrilling doubles clash to give Germany a 2-1 lead after the second day of their World Group Davis Cup tie against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) .
The German duo silenced the big crowd at Pat Rafter Arena as they overcame John Peers and Matthew Ebden 6-4 , 6-7 ( 1/7 ) , 6-2 , 6-7 ( 4/7 ) , 6-4 in just over three-and-a-quarter hours .
The Germans made a late switch to their doubles team , bringing in Struff for Peter Gojowcyzk .
Struff played alongside Puetz in the World Group playoffs against Portugal last year , when they also won in five sets .
He also made the semi-finals of the Australian Open in doubles last month .
But it was the lesser known Puetz who shone on a gloomy Brisbane afternoon .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The 30-year-old , who is ranked 140 in the world in doubles and 293 in singles , was the more solid of the German pairing , his beautifully disguised forehand constantly causing the Australians trouble .
`` He 's in their team for a reason - they 're a world class team and we know to expect the best from them , '' Ebden said .
German captain Michael Kohlmann said he had had a good feeling about the match once he knew Australia had n't decided to bring Nick Kyrgios in for Ebden .
`` In my mind they ( Peers and Ebden ) had n't played together before , or not a lot , and I knew my guys know each other pretty well , '' he said .
`` In Davis Cup it 's not only about the tennis , it 's also about how you put your emotions together , how you connect .
`` And in this I had a feeling that my guys would connect better together . ''
The tie will now hinge on Sunday 's first reverse singles between Kyrgios and world number five Alexander Zverev .
`` We are in a good position , 2-1 up , but we know it 's not all over , '' Kohlmann said .
`` I think that if Nick is on , if he 's feeling it , he 's tough to play for everyone , not just Sascha ( Zverev ) .
`` If he 's serving like he did on Friday ( when he blasted 21 aces past Struff ) he 's a tough opponent for everyone .
`` I guess that Nick is not orthodox , not a rhythm player . That makes it difficult for Sascha .
`` But tomorrow is a different circumstance - Sascha does n't have the pressure to deliver at 1-2 .
`` Being 2-1 up might change the mental game and the mental game right now is pretty big . ''
German tennis great Boris Becker looks on as Tim Puetz ( centre ) and Jan-Lennard Struff ( left ) receive instructions from Germany 's captain Michael Kohlmann during their Davis Cup tennis doubles match against Matthew Ebden and John Peers of Australia . ( Photo : AFP/Patrick Hamilton )
If Kyrgios can level the tie , the decider will likely be between Struff , the world number 58 , and 18-year-old Alex de Minaur , ranked 81 places below the German .
De Minaur pushed Zverev for almost four hours in Friday 's first singles match but Australian captain Lleyton Hewitt said he had no intention of replacing him with Brisbane 's John Millman , who always plays well on his home court .
`` We 're a long way from beaten , '' Hewitt said .
`` Tomorrow 's going to be a big day but the boys are looking forward to it . ''
A court in southeastern China on Wednesday sentenced the former Communist Party boss of the northern province of Hebei to 15 years in jail after finding him guilty of corruption , the latest senior official jailed in a sweeping crackdown on graft .
Zhou Benshun was the top official of Hebei province , which surrounds Beijing and is China 's most important steel producer .
He had earlier worked with one-time domestic security chief Zhou Yongkang , who was jailed for life in 2015 after a secret trial in China 's most sensational graft scandal in 70 years . The two are not related despite sharing a family name .
In a statement on its official microblog , the court in Xiamen city said that between 2000 and 2015 Zhou had directly or via family members taken more than 40 million yuan ( $ 5.82 million ) in bribes .
The bribes were given in exchange for help with real estate projects , bank loans and promotions , the court said .
Zhou admitted his guilt and has repented , the court said , adding that most of the bribes were handled by family members and that Zhou only found out about it subsequently .
Zhou has decided not to appeal , it said .
It was not possible to reach legal or family representatives for comment .
The Hebei city of Zhangjiakou has won the right to host the 2022 Winter Olympics along with Beijing . Zhou had attended meetings of the bid committee .
Zhou became party chief in Hebei in 2013 . He had worked for five years in the Central Politics and Law Commission as its secretary general , under Zhou Yongkang .
The court statement made no direct mention of Zhou Yongkang , but noted that some of Zhou Benshun 's crimes occurred while he was working on the Central Politics and Law Commission .
Zhou Benshun 's case was featured in a government-made documentary about corruption broadcast in October , describing his involvement in `` superstition '' .
Party officials are not supposed to practice religion and the charge of superstition is often leveled against the corrupt to further blacken their names .
President Xi Jinping , who doubles as party and military chief , has pursued a relentless campaign against deep-rooted corruption since assuming power three years ago , vowing to go after powerful `` tigers '' as well as lowly `` flies '' .
This story was first published in ProPublica Illinois ' weekly newsletter . Sign up for that here .
Get Email Updates from ProPublica Illinois
Few things get journalists — especially investigative journalists — more jazzed than impact . That is , when we write a story that leads to reform or sparks a reaction from a government agency , law enforcement officials or business : an investigation is launched , someone is forced to resign because of malfeasance , corruption or abuse , a law gets changed .
One recent example is the Wall Street Journal investigation that uncovered allegations of sexual misconduct against billionaire casino mogul Steve Wynn . The story , which detailed a $ 7.5 million settlement with a manicurist who said Wynn forced her to have sex with him , dropped like a bomb .
A day later , Wynn stepped down as Republican National Committee finance chairman . He 's now under investigation by Massachusetts gambling commissioners as well as his company 's board of directors .
That 's impact .
Beginning last year , I wrote a series called “ The Tax Divide , ” which revealed deep inequities in Cook County 's property tax assessments . It triggered a bunch of impact .
Read More How the Cook County Assessor Failed Taxpayers Joseph Berrios ' error-ridden commercial and industrial assessments punish property owners , benefit lawyers .
And I have to admit : It made me proud .
But pride is a dangerous thing in this business . It can blind you to truth , which is what we strive to capture . That 's why it 's important to bring the same level of scrutiny to impact stories that we bring to the stories that sparked the impact . Too often , officials try to take steps that seem as if they 're taking action , when really they 're blowing smoke .
Since the series was published , ProPublica Illinois and the Chicago Tribune have collaborated on two stories that have examined the fallout from our series .
A couple of weeks ago , Illinois Gov . Bruce Rauner referred to our work when he issued an executive order barring lawmakers from practicing before a state board that hears property tax assessment appeals . Among the findings from our series was that the tax appeal law firm of House Speaker Michael Madigan — Rauner 's arch enemy — does more business in Cook County than any other tax firm .
Usually , if a governor issues an executive order in response to one of your stories , your first instinct is to trumpet it . Instead , we took a step back and looked at the data .
Turns out , the governor 's executive order was largely symbolic . It would n't do much to move the needle on reforming the county 's flawed assessment system because relatively few appeals are handled by the Illinois Property Tax Appeal Board , or PTAB , which is what Rauner targeted ; most appeals go through the Cook County Assessor , the Board of Review or the Cook County Circuit Court . So we reported that .
On Thursday , we did another story that raised questions about County Board President Toni Preckwinkle 's move to commission an independent study of the assessment system , an announcement triggered by our series . Again , if a story results in a blue ribbon panel or an independent commission , that 's some juicy impact .
But Preckwinkle made the announcement nearly seven months ago . Since then : crickets .
So rather than wait around , we started reporting why the study is taking so long . We also asked whether the study is even necessary . Some critics of Assessor Joseph Berrios suspect it 's a smokescreen or delaying tactic until after the March primary , when Berrios — a Preckwinkle political ally — faces a tight re-election .
Doing this kind of work requires discipline . You have to bring skepticism to every story , even those that might otherwise make you look like a hero . Our job is to hold people in power accountable even after they pledge to make changes . Especially after they pledge to make changes . The job does n't end after the first splash of stories .
As a kid , he would visit relatives in southern Minnesota , where farm-raised cousins would “ give me shit about being a city kid. ” About how lucky and spoiled he was . And about how the Twin Cities took money from the pockets of hard-working rural Minnesotans .
Today , state Rep. Dehn ( DFL-Minneapolis ) knows a lot more about state budgeting than he did back then . His cousins had been lied to .
Of the state 's 87 counties , more than half of Minnesota 's income tax revenue comes from just four : Hennepin , Ramsey , Dakota , and Washington . But it does n't seem to matter . “ These people have been , quite frankly , ingrained to think that way from a young age , ” Dehn says .
Take Fairmont ( population 11,000 ) , which next year will get about half its budget from the state . To a small-town mayor , that aid means a new police officer racing to a domestic abuse call at 1 a.m . It can be the difference between being a city and a very long cul de sac with a welcome sign .
Cities with robust tax bases do their own lifting . Minneapolis passed a $ 75 million increase in school spending last year , and Hennepin County 's about to sign off on a $ 125 million sales tax hike for transportation . If there 's opposition , it 's quiet and outnumbered .
But small towns also need sewers , nursing homes , and schools , though fewer residents are able ( or willing ) to pay their own way . So far this year , 16 school districts have voted on referendums ; 12 voted them down .
When there 's a shortfall , the Twin Cities picks up the tab .
The same goes for state highway funds . As a “ donor county , ” Hennepin contributed $ 64 million more in 2014 than was spent on its own highways .
Yet you never hear a Minneapolis or St. Paul lawmaker campaigning on shutting off the tap , protecting their urban constituents from these greedy villagers . They do n't ask to be thanked . Lately , they 'd settle for just not having their city slapped in the face so hard , and so often .
On almost every issue of local importance , outstate Republicans have moved to thwart city folks : light rail , bus transit , funding for the University of Minnesota , higher minimum wages , banning plastic bags . They 're protecting urban voters from themselves .
Sen. John Jasinski ( R-Faribault ) blames the rural versus metro divide on “ different values ” and — wait for it — rural concerns about funding big-city projects .
“ I 've got these retired people in my district , thinking they 're never going to use — and half of 'em have never seen — the light rail in the metro , ” Jasinski says . “ And yet outstate Minnesota funds 50 percent of the operating expenses . ”
If only it was true . When a transit project does n't sell enough tickets to pay for itself , who do they suppose covers the bill ? Jasinski 's Rice County , with its $ 83 million in 2015 income tax liabilities ? Or Hennepin , with $ 3.1 billion ?
Dehn offers begrudging admiration for Republicans who perpetuate this “ myth , blaming urban Democrats for hardships in rural Minnesota . ”
They 've created dozens of little Alabamas throughout Minnesota , railing against those big-government liberals off in that faraway city , never mentioning how much they 're taking . One hand forms a fist they shake self-righteously at the sky ; the other gladly reaches for the incoming checks .
At town hall meetings in 2015 , rural Republicans proposed slashing state aid to Minneapolis , St. Paul , and Duluth , implying that they were hogging state funds .
Small-town mayors came to their defense . The Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities called the cuts “ completely arbitrary , ” noting the cities give far more than they get . St. Paul 's per capita state aid ranked 429th . Minneapolis came in 461st , meaning more than 400 Minnesota towns were getting a better deal than we were .
And we still have to play the villain .
State aid represents a “ wonderful partnership ” between the state and its small towns , says Winona City Councilman Allyn Thurley . His city needs the support — $ 9.5 million of it , to be exact — to make ends meet . None of his constituents mentioned concern about plastic bags in Minneapolis .
“ These issues that affect the metro area are of a concern to the metro area , ” Thurley says . “ They have n't reached — I hate to use the term , but — the hinterland . ”
In Luverne , Mayor Pat Baustian sees “ partisan politics bullshit , pardon my language ” in the us-versus-them posturing . The state has to work together , says Baustian , a chief master sergeant with the Air National Guard . He does n't go to Vikings games , but backed the new stadium because he could see how important it was to Twin Citians .
In 2015 , Hennepin and Ramsey counties generated $ 2 billion in sales tax revenue . Rock County , where Baustian lives , paid $ 3.6 million .
“ We understand in greater Minnesota that most of the economic opportunity happens in the metro , ” says Baustian , whose city will get one-third of its budget from the state next year .
Still , misunderstanding goes both ways , he adds . Urbanites often ignore the tremendous contributions of outstate agriculture . He and Thurley encourage everyone in the metro to venture out to their corners of the state , and learn more about the beautiful country filled with good people .
We can only heal the rural-urban divide by coming to know them , and they us . And when they come to trust you , try doing something their legislators wo n't . Tell them the truth .
( Correction : This story originally stated the city of Faribault is in Faribault County . It is in Rice County . )
More from Mike Mullen :
The husband of a British-Iranian woman being held behind bars in Tehran has criticised the Government 's response to her plight as she prepares for an appeal in the latest stage of the battle for her freedom .
Charity worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe is in jail for allegedly plotting to topple the government in Tehran but details of the charges against her have been kept secret and her husband Richard Ratcliffe claimed she was being used as a `` bargaining chip '' in a diplomatic spat between Iran and the UK .
Mr Ratcliffe said Theresa May and her ministers could have `` publicly stood up for Nazanin more '' and should have called for her release .
The Prime Minister raised concerns about Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani in the margins of the UN General Assembly in New York in September .
Mr Ratcliffe said : `` She raised those concerns in September . What happened after September ? Nothing much , really . ''
He said it was a `` good thing '' that she did raise concerns but `` the Prime Minister raising criticisms would be better , the Prime Minister calling for her release would be better still '' .
Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe , from Hampstead , north-west London , was arrested at Tehran Airport on April 3 2016 with her two-year-old daughter Gabriella .
Mr Ratcliffe has suggested her detention is being used by the Tehran government in an attempt to get the British authorities to pay for an arms deal with Iran struck in the 1970s .
`` Obviously our family being caught up as a bargaining chip in international politics is a pretty tough place to be , '' he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
He said more details of the charges against her may emerge at the appeal this week , which he hopes could bring an end to her ordeal .
`` Who knows how it will go , we live it day by day . We will see where we are on Wednesday with this appeal and we will see what happens afterwards .
`` Certainly , the longer it goes on the more pieces there are to pick up afterwards . So , hopefully , the sooner the better . ''
The Thomson Reuters Foundation worker was moved out of solitary confinement over Christmas and Mr Ratcliffe said his wife 's condition had improved .
`` To go back a month or so ago she was suicidal and on hunger strike and very , very low and at her wits ' end , '' he said .
`` I spoke to her on Christmas Day . She is still very sad and very low but there was more fight in her again . I think having been moved so she is with other women makes a big difference . ''
An afternoon of Cream Tea and Crafts is being held to raise funds for local charity , The Sara Lee Trust .
The event will be held at St Martha 's Church Hall , Cooden Sea Road , Little Common , Bexhill on Saturday , May 6 , 2-4.30pm .
Along with a cream tea and mouth-watering cakes , there will be a range of stalls , including : handmade goods , home bakes , plants and much more . There will also have a flower arranging demonstration and an introduction to silk painting .
Entry is free . All proceeds will go to The Sara Lee Trust , who support local people affected by cancer and other life threatening illnesses through the provision of psychological and therapeutic support . For further information , to contribute to the raffle or home bake stall , contact Lindsay on 01424 846729. www.saraleetrust.org
Hollywood awards season gift bags are so valuable that recipients are supposed to report them to the IRS . The apparently defunct Academy Awards ' gift bags were worth $ 230,000-plus — more than four times the median family income in Los Angeles County .
The nonprofit Savage Hearts is bringing gift bags of a different sort to the homeless women of Venice today . The event is called `` Love Ride , '' with bags delivered by bicycle . Items do n't include Swiss watches and French lotions , however . The bags feature survival gear like water , snacks , blankets , sunscreen , lip balm , toothpaste , soap hand sanitizer , underwear , socks and feminine hygiene products .
`` I have seen what a difference we can make in another person 's life by simply being kind and listening , '' Love Ride founder Liz Devin says via email . `` Love Ride gives us a chance to take the time to acknowledge the brothers and sisters that are in different places in life than we may be , but we are all still connected . ''
The group has been doing the giveaway for four years and this year expanded to San Francisco and Miami . It plans to reach 250 women in Venice alone today .
Among the Love Ride 's partners is Conscious Period , which offers deals in which consumers can buy tampons for homeless women .
While the giveaway wo n't make a dent in the city 's gross inequality , it will ensure that some women living on the streets feel some of that West Coast warmth . Volunteers dress in pink and pin red hearts to their clothing .
`` My dream come true will be when people are celebrating Valentine 's Day with Love Rides all over the world , '' Devin says . `` We are all about sharing love , smiles , kindness and hugs . ''
The ride started at noon at 15 Catamaran St. in Venice .
For years , we 've told you about a house on 2nd Avenue in Kaimuki that was filled with trash .
Today , there 's no trace left of the home . Neighbors tell us new owners built a two-story home this year .
We spoke to Honolulu City Council member Ann Kobayashi about the home , which is in her district .
She says she 's glad the city was able to do something about it , but there is still more work to be done on other properties that have fallen in disrepair .
For the past two years , neighbors watched the old home transform into what it is today . We learned the former homeowners also cleaned and sold the property . The fines from the city were paid off .
Several neighbors on the street did not want to go on camera , but said they 're happy with their new neighbors and the new house that was built .
“ I did get letters from the neighbors . They are just so happy that other house is gone , ” said Kobayashi .
Kobayashi said the lessons learned from this home pushed the council to pass an ordinance that allows the city to go onto private property and take care of the mess if officials ca n't get a hold of the property owner .
“ There are so many people living here , and you ca n't have a house endangering other homes , ” Kobayashi said .
So what about other homes like the one on Pensacola Street in Makiki ? We asked the city what the status is for that property .
The city tells us it 's at the stage of notifying the owner through public notices in the newspaper . A lien has already been placed on the property .
“ If the property owner still does not respond , then the city has to do something , because especially on Pensacola , if that thing ever went up in a fire , it would really be disastrous for the neighbors , ” said Kobayashi .
We asked the city if it has a list of the number of abandoned or derelict homes , but a spokesman from the Department of Planning and Permitting said they do n't keep a list .
If you know of a property that is causing a safety hazard , you should reach out to your city representative .
MANCHESTER , England ( AP ) — The Football Association has started to gather evidence following reports of an incident involving the players and coaching staff of Manchester United and Manchester City near the dressing rooms after the derby match .
The FA has sought observations from both clubs and could also request CCTV footage of the incident , which took place immediately after City 's 2-1 win at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Sunday .
A person with knowledge of the situation says about 15 people were involved in a melee around the doorway to the visitors ' dressing room , and that City 's assistant coach , Mikel Arteta , sustained a cut on his forehead .
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss dressing-room incidents .
Hundreds of Sacramento residents protested , listened and shouted while acting ICE Director Thomas Homan , left , and Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones held a community forum in March .
The Trump administration 's chief immigration official on Friday blasted California 's new `` sanctuary state '' law , saying it would “ undermine public safety , ” keep federal officers from performing their jobs and result in more arrests .
In a statement , Thomas Homan , acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said his agency `` would have no choice but to conduct at-large arrests in local neighborhoods and at worksites . ''
The new law will largely prohibit state and local law enforcement agencies from using personnel or funds to hold , question or share information about people with federal immigration agents unless those individuals have been convicted of one or more offenses from a list of 800 crimes outlined in a 2013 state law .
Signed Thursday by Gov . Jerry Brown , the law was the result of months of tough negotiations between the governor , state Senate leader Kevin De León and law enforcement officials . It was the centerpiece of this year 's legislative proposals in Sacramento that sought to challenge President Trump 's stance on illegal immigration and provide protections for families amid the president 's threats of mass deportations .
The legislation has divided law enforcement officials over its impact on public safety . Some officers have argued that entangling police and federal immigration forces pushes crime victims and witnesses further into the shadows .
Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones asked Homan for help fighting the so-called sanctuary state bill weeks before the two hosted a town hall meeting in March on immigration enforcement that erupted in protests .
In his statement , Homan said the new law eliminates nearly all communication with law enforcement partners , prohibits them from housing immigrant detainees through federal contracts and voids a federal immigration program under the Orange County Sheriff 's Department that allows local officers to perform certain immigration duties .
“ Ultimately , SB54 helps shield removable aliens from immigration enforcement and creates another magnet for more illegal immigration , all at the expense of the safety and security of the very people it purports to protect , ” he said .
Low solar activity continues . There were no sunspots seen from January 20-29 , and the sunspot number was 13 on January 30-31 , but back to zero on February 1 . Average daily solar flux declined marginally from 70 to 69.1 .
Predicted solar flux is 70 on February 2 , 71 on February 3-8 , 70 on February 9-22 , 69 on February 23 to March 4 , 70 on March 5-18 .
Predicted planetary A index is 5 on February 2-3 , 10 and 8 on February 4-5 , 5 on February 6-8 , then 8 , 12 and 8 on February 9-11 , 5 on February 12-14 , then 8 , 12 , 8 , 10 , 5 , 8 , 10 and 8 on February 15-22 , 5 on February 23 to March 2 , 8 on March 3-4 , 5 on March 5-7 , then 8 , 12 and 8 on March 8-10 , 5 on March 11-13 , then 8 , 12 , 8 , 10 and 5 on March 14-18 .
Geomagnetic activity forecast for the period February 2-28 , 2018 from F.K . Janda , OK1HH .
“ Geomagnetic field will be :
Quiet on February 2 , 5-8 , 12-14 , 20
Mostly quiet on February 3 , 9 , 17 , 23 , 25-27
Quiet to unsettled on February 11 , 16 , 18-19 , 21-22
Quiet to active on February 4 , 10 , 15 , 24 , 28
Active to disturbed-not anticipated
Amplifications of the solar wind from coronal holes are expected on February 5-6 , 9-12 , 18-19 , 27-28
Remark :
- Parenthesis means lower probability of activity enhancement .
- Regarding ongoing changes , current forecasts are even less reliable . ”
Joe Flamini , W4BXJ , of White Hall , Virginia wrote on January 29 , “ So , I usually leave the 10-meter rig scanning in the shack , and it 's usually quiet . So much so , in fact , that I forget it 's there . Imagine my surprise to hear a couple of amateurs in New Zealand talking mobile-to-mobile at about 1500 GMT on January 27 . I reached out and had a 45-second QSO with them both before the link faded . That 'll never happen again ! ''
I checked back with Joe , and he told me it all happened so fast he did n't log their call signs , but they were both mobile in the Christchurch area , and I estimate the short path distance at about 8,800 miles .
The latest from Tamitha Skov : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=iG9cMZnTp1Y
Jeff Hartley , N8II , of Shepherdstown , West Virginia wrote on February 1 : “ The solar indices have been remarkably very similar day to day in January with K index seldom above 2 , often 0 and SFI running 69-71 . There are other factors that influence signal strength on 80 meters and even more so on 160 meters night to night .
“ During the CQWW 160-meter contest last weekend , I missed the best hours to Europe around the European sunrise the first night , but signals did seem down considerably from 2300Z-0240Z when I operated and the second night was even worse , about as poor as winter conditions ever get on the path to Europe .
“ There were loud west-coast signals around sunrise Saturday morning with two strong callers from British Columbia and a good signal from KH7M in Hawaii .
“ The second night ZC4A ( British bases on Cypress ) , was calling CQ on my run frequency and they apparently could not hear me at all . Sunday night after the contest ended ZC4A was 579 !
“ It was not until several nights later that I was able to complete a QSO on their last night of operation . I also worked them on 80 meters , both modes , 40 meters , both modes , on January 26 ( not very loud when worked there ) and on 30-meter CW where they were barely readable at 0541Z .
“ Signals on 80 were quite a bit louder than the other bands . Forty meters seems to be improving to Europe with some southern European stations still having decent signals well into our evening .
“ I have added quite a few band countries on the low bands lately ( log started Jan 2017 ) . On the 26th , on 80-meter CW , I worked TG9ADM Guatemala , CP4BT in Bolivia ( quite rare on that band ) , and less rare , but more distant , RI50ANO on the South Shetland Islands near Antarctica .
“ I also have logged Alex , RI50ANO , on 40-meter phone and CW . By far the hardest-to-work DX recently was last night , February 1st , when worked UN9L in Kazakhstan on 80-meter CW . He was weak , but readable , and heard me right away , but it took several tries to get my call through .
“ Over the last two months , I have checked the DX cluster for reports of him on 80 meters , only to hear nothing . The slightly increased daylight near the North Pole seems to be improving conditions as of about January 20 . Fifteen meters has been essentially dead , even to Africa , on many days , but today I snagged C81G off the coast of Mozambique on CW and EA6VQ in the Balearic Islands was S9+ from 1615-1650Z . Even 17 meters is closed or very marginal to Europe on most days due to the low solar flux .
“ The big DXCC news is the addition of Kosovo ( Z6 ) to the DXCC list effective January 21st . The Z60A club station has a good signal on 20 meters every day . I logged them easily on the 21st on 20 CW , and later 20-meter SSB and 80-meter CW . They seem to have a high noise level at their location on the low bands . ”
David Moore sent this link about stellar magnetism : http : //bit.ly/2DV4Abz
For more information concerning radio propagation , see the ARRL Technical Information Service at http : //arrl.org/propagation-of-rf-signals . For an explanation of numbers used in this bulletin , see
http : //arrl.org/the-sun-the-earth-the-ionosphere .
An archive of past propagation bulletins is at http : //arrl.org/w1aw-bulletins-archive-propagation . More good information and tutorials on propagation are at http : //k9la.us/ .
Monthly propagation charts between four USA regions and twelve overseas locations are at http : //arrl.org/propagation .
Instructions for starting or ending email distribution of ARRL bulletins are at http : //arrl.org/bulletins .
Sunspot numbers for January 25-31 , 2018 were 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 13 , and 13 , with a mean of 3.7 . 10.7 cm flux was 70.3 , 69.8 , 68.8 , 68.5 , 68.2 , 68.9 , and 69.2 , with a mean of 69.1 . Estimated planetary A index were 10 , 8 , 6 , 4 , 4 , 5 , and 7 , with a mean of 6.3 . Estimated mid-latitude A index were 9 , 7 , 5 , 2 , 3 , 3 , and 5 , with a mean of 4.9 .
Joseph Dean Geiger at the scene of the Alexandra Headland siege telling media he did n't know Zlatko Sikorsky was a wanted man when he let him in his unit .
Joseph Dean Geiger at the scene of the Alexandra Headland siege telling media he did n't know Zlatko Sikorsky was a wanted man when he let him in his unit . Nine News
HE MOVED to the Sunshine Coast for a fresh start but now , former River Heads man Joseph Dean Geiger is caught up in a high profile murder case .
The 38-year-old is charged with accessory to murder for his alleged role in helping the accused murderer of 16-year-old Larissa Beliby evade police .
It is alleged Mr Geiger let Zlatko Sikorsky into his Alex Heads apartment which then turned into the scene of a 27-hour siege .
Mr Geiger is expected to be granted bail on Friday if the Maryborough address he listed as his bail address is approved .
That means he could be moving back to the Fraser Coast very soon .
During the stand-off , Mr Geiger told multiple news organisations he did n't know Mr Sikorsky when he `` unwittingly '' let him into his home .
But a court has heard phone records showed Mr Geiger communicated with Mr Sikorsky prior to the incident .
Police also allege he brought the accused murderer supplies to the unit during the lengthy ordeal . A bail application was made for Mr Geiger in Maroochydore Magistrates Court on Tuesday .
Prosecutions argued Mr Geiger should n't be granted bail as he was at risk of offending and had told police he was dealing drugs .
But Magistrate Matthew McLaughlin indicated he would be granting the accused bail , saying Mr Geiger was n't an unacceptable risk of committing further offences and his alleged role was n't significant . He said Mr Geiger was a `` petty criminal '' , but there was no suggestion he was a `` standover man or thug '' .
Mr Geiger had only been living at the Juan St unit for seven weeks prior to the event which ended in his arrest .
After letting Mr Sikorsky inside the home , an argument between Mr Geiger and his partner caught attention the apartment manager , who then called police .
Police prosecutor Sam Rigby told the Maroochydore court that Mr Geiger had his two children in the unit with the violent fugitive .
Even if granted bail , Geiger is likely to have to serve 28 days behind bars as the current charge breached his parole for a dangerous driving offence .
Mr McLaughlin adjourned the bail hearing until Friday so police could check if the Maryborough bail address listed by Mr Geiger was suitable .
If given the green light , it was likely Mr Geiger would be granted bail - though with strict conditions .
The court heard Mr Geiger told police a man named Ted dropped Mr Sikorsky to his Alex Heads home , but officers have been unable to track the man down as Mr Geiger was unable to provide a phone number or last name .
According to the prosecutor , Mr Geiger told police drugs and guns were a `` normal '' part of his life , but denied knowing Mr Sikorsky had brought guns into his home until he saw them on June 29 . Outside of court , a man believed to be a family member of Mr Geiger described him as a `` good bloke '' .
Mr Sikorsky is facing 20 charges including murder , torture , deprivation of liberty and misconduct with a corpse as well as drug and weapons charges . Palmwoods woman Tracy Ann Thomson , 40 , has also been charged with accessory to murder for her alleged role in bringing Mr Sikorsky to the unit . Mr Geiger 's case is expected to be transferred to Beenleigh .
Bahamian Olympic champion Shaunae Miller-Uibo matched the fastest time ever recorded in the rarely run women 's 300 metres and an American team broke the world record in the women 's 4x800m relay at the NYRR Millrose Games on Saturday .
REUTERS : Bahamian Olympic champion Shaunae Miller-Uibo matched the fastest time ever recorded in the rarely run women 's 300 metres and an American team broke the world record in the women 's 4x800m relay at the NYRR Millrose Games on Saturday .
Miller-Unibo , the 2016 Rio Games 400 metres champion , sped to a runaway victory of 35.45 seconds around the indoor track in New York as she equalled the 25-year-old mark set by Russia 's Irina Privalova .
`` Coach wanted me to come out her and run a pretty good time and it was a world record , '' Miller-Uibo said of the event which is not recognised for world record purposes .
`` It 's a great feeling . ''
A world record did fall in the women 's 4x800m relay , however , thanks to an inspiring anchor leg by Ajee Wilson .
Chrishuna Williams , Raevyn Rogers , Charlene Lipsey and Wilson clocked 8:05.89 to better a 2011 Russian quartet 's mark of 8:06.24 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` It was insane , '' Wilson , who ran her 800 metres in 1:58.37 , told NBC Sports . `` I could feel the crowd . They really pushed me , encouraged me to keep digging . ''
Greek Olympic gold medallist Katerina Stefanidi won a highly anticipated women 's pole vault that lost much of its lustre after American rival Sandi Morris pulled out due to back spasms .
Stefanidi , who is also the reigning world champion , claimed her 15th consecutive victory by clearing 4.71m on her second attempt .
American Katie Nageotte matched the Greek woman 's vault but lost out on countback after registering more failures at an earlier height .
Young Kenyan Emmanuel Korir sped to the year 's fastest 800m , cruising to victory in 1:44.21 , and Scotland 's Chris O'Hare posted the leading mile time of 2018 with a 3:54.14 .
Americans Ronnie Baker and Devon Allen , and the Ivory Coast 's Murielle Ahoure also defeated quality fields .
The up-and-coming Baker eased to victory in the men 's 60m , running 6.48 seconds , more than a tenth of a second ahead of countryman Noah Lyles .
Jamaican Olympic hurdles champion Omar McLeod was fifth and countryman Asafa Powell , the former world 100m record holder , finished sixth .
Allen ran down outdoor world record holder Aries Merritt to claim the men 's 60m hurdles in 7.50 seconds , 0.03 seconds faster than Merritt .
Ahoure , already the year 's fastest , put up another quality time to win the women 's 60m in 7.11 seconds , marginally ahead of American world 100m champion Tori Bowie ( 7.14 ) .
( Reporting by Gene Cherry in Salvo , North Carolina ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Junior middleweight rivals Liam Smith and Liam Williams faced-off at a press conference at the iconic Royal Liver Building in Liverpool , England on Monday ahead of their showdown on Saturday 8th April at the Manchester Arena , live on BT Sport and BoxNation .
Former WBO World 154lbs Champion Smith was in a supremely confident mood and promised to put the Boxing Writers ' Best Young Boxer of the Year ‘ in his place ' when they lock horns in April .
“ This is a fight that I 'm well up for ” , said Smith . “ Frank and a lot of other people are getting excited about Liam Williams and talking about him as the next big thing . My job is to put him back in his place and remind everyone who the best fighter in the division is .
“ They 're barking up the wrong tree if they think they can make me lose my cool like Corcoran did . I do n't need to wind him up , I can end this fight however I like . If I want to drag Liam into a fight I 'll do that . Liam is a more talented fighter than Jimmy Kelly but I can see April 8th ending in a similar fashion to that fight . ”
Williams , the British and WBO European Champion , is undefeated in 17 professional fights and will head into the Smith bout on a six-fight knockout streak . The rising-star of Welsh boxing believes he has the power to stop his Frank Warren stablemate .
“ Smith is a couple of levels above my previous opponents , ” admitted Williams . “ We 're going to work on his weaknesses and not give too much away . Of course I believe I possess the power to stop him but this fight wo n't just be about landing that one big shot .
“ I think this is going to be a tactical fight . Everyone seems to think we are going to meet head on in the middle of the ring but I 've got a good boxing brain on me . I 've shown I 'm capable of mixing it up and I know I have the tools to beat him . ”
Smith vs. Williams is part of an unmissable evening of action at the Manchester Arena on April 8th ; local hero Terry Flanagan makes the fifth defence of his WBO World Lightweight crown against dangerous Russian Petr Petrov ; slick South African Zolani Tete faces Arthur Villanueva in a final eliminator for the WBO World Bantamweight strap ; double Olympic Gold Medallist and women 's boxing icon Nicola Adams OBE fights for the first time as a professional and former Team GB Heavyweight monster Daniel Dubois makes his highly-anticipated professional debut .
Elsewhere on the card former World Title challenger Jimmy Kelly takes on Bolton man Rick Godding in a tasty local tear-up ; rising Super-Featherweight star Zelfa Barrett fights over six ; Liverpool Super-Welterweight James Metcalf takes on Heywood 's Mark Thompson ; undefeated Super-Lightweight Steven Lewis faces Andy Keates ; Oldham Super-Middleweight Mark Heffron , Ellesmere Port Super-Welterweight Mason Cartwright , Manchester Cruiserweight Jordan Thompson and Super-Middleweight Anthony Leak complete a stacked card .
Leading French conservative politician Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet was attacked while handing out leaflets for Sunday 's parliamentary election on a Paris market on Thursday and briefly lost consciousness , her campaign team said in a statement .
PARIS : Leading French conservative politician Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet was attacked while handing out leaflets for Sunday 's parliamentary election on a Paris market on Thursday and briefly lost consciousness , her campaign team said in a statement .
The former environment minister under ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy , at risk of losing her seat at the National Assembly as President Emmanuel Macron 's party gears up for a landslide victory , was taken to hospital , the team said .
News agency AFP showed pictures of the politician , widely known in France under the acronym `` NKM '' , being thrown leaflets in the face by a man and lying on the pavement . The man in his fifties called her a `` crappy bobo '' , a derisive term for an urban hipster , AFP said .
The Paris prosecutors ' office said a investigation had been opened into the incident , which occurred on a Left Bank street market .
Kosciusko-Morizet , 44 , was defeated by Socialist Anne Hidalgo in her bid to become the first female mayor of Paris in 2014 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Michel Rose ; Additional reporting by Emmanuel Jarry , editing by Leigh Thomas )
ESM boys lacrosse claims second straight sectional title
Now the East Syracuse Minoa boys lacrosse team is in new territory – a place it does n't mind exploring further .
The Spartans , for the first time , are back-to-back Section III Class B champions , having run past Auburn for the second consecutive year in Wednesday 's title game at Cicero-North Syracuse 's Bragman Stadium .
Unlike the 2017 final , though , it did n't require extensive defensive heroics and any last-second nerves – just a complete , start-to-finish effort on both ends as ESM defeated the Maroons 17-9 .
Lance Madonna , who had four goals and two assists , said this title was more satisfying than last season 's because of the way the Spartans grabbed control from the outset and maintained it all game long .
These sides knew each other 's tendencies quite well since it was the fourth meeting between ESM and Auburn in 12 months . Aside from last year 's sectional final , they played twice in the regular season , the Maroons prevailing 14-10 on April 12 at Holland Stadium , the Spartans winning 14-5 at home three weeks later .
Luke Rosaschi got ESM going with assists on goals by Gavin Houghtaling and Derrek Madonna in the first two minutes . Then Lance Madonna kept it going , hitting on consecutive goals 26 seconds apart midway through the opening period .
Rosaschi added a goal a few minutes later and the Spartans led , 5-2 , through one quarter , setting a pace the Maroons would find too difficult to equal .
For a brief time , the Maroons contained things in the second quarter , but since ESM kept possessing the ball , it could afford to wait . Houghtaling and Jackson Palumb both hit goals , and the Spartans went to the break holding a 7-3 edge .
A tribute to ESM 's effort was the way the second half started . After a long scramble for the faceoff , defender Michael Cox came up with it and triggered a fast break that Tim Crouse finished off just 24 seconds into the third quarter .
Each time Auburn threatened a bit , the Spartans responded , especially in a 79-second stretch where it scored three times to double its margin to 11-5 .
Two young attackers led the way . Houghtaling , a freshman , poured in five goals and added four assists , while Lance Madonna , a sophomore , got four goals and two assists .
Between them , Houghtaling , Madonna , Palumb and Crouse accounted for all of ESM 's scoring in the fourth quarter as another championship was put away .
On Saturday at 3 p.m. at Bragman Stadium , ESM meets Vestal ( Section IV ) in the Class B regional final , trying to avenge last year 's defeat to the Golden Bears in this same round .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Harvey Weinstein taken into custody in New York City on Friday
A grand jury has indicted Harvey Weinstein on two counts of rape and a criminal sex act in the first degree .
“ This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged , ” New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance , Jr. , said in a statement . “ Our office will try this case not in the press , but in the courtroom where it belongs . The defendant 's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand . ”
Weinstein was arrested on Friday on similar charges , to which he pled not guilty . He is out on bail after forfeiting his passport and agreeing to wear an ankle monitor . His next court appearance is scheduled for July 30th . If convicted , Weinstein faces up to 25 years in prison .
The President made the courageous decision despite the strenuous objections of Democrats , the media and the FBI . According to the President , the findings are so upsetting that “ a lot of people should be ashamed . ”
After several agonizing days , the House Intelligence Committee memo was finally released to the public . President Trump rightfully declassified the document , allowing the American people a chance to learn about the abuses that occurred within the FBI and the Department of Justice .
The memo shows how a discredited partisan dossier funded by the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign was used to launch a process that eventually led to the creation of Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation into President Trump 's alleged ties to Russia . The dossier was the project of an opposition research firm , Fusion GPS , and was mainly prepared by a former British spy Christopher Steele with the collaboration of unnamed Russian sources . Ironically , the only Russian collusion to ever be established was with the campaign of Hillary Clinton , not Donald Trump .
The memo notes that Steele hated Donald Trump and wanted to make sure he was not elected President of the United States . This bias and his ties to the Democratic Party should have disqualified his dossier from being used for any FISA warrants . Instead , using his discredited dossier , the FBI was able to obtain FISA warrants to spy on Trump campaign volunteer Carter Page .
The FBI also used media reports on the dossier in their application to the FISA courts ; however , these stories were “ circular ” and only based on briefings given by Steele to outlets such as Yahoo News and not independent investigations .
Thus , a tainted document that has never been verified was used to spy on the campaign of Donald Trump . The Obama administration continued the spying after the election during the presidential transition period .
It should take much more than opposition research to spy on a political opponent . It seems clear that Special Counsel Mueller is investigating the wrong administration . There should be a complete investigation into the activities of the Obama administration Justice Department .
Sadly , true justice is elusive in this case , starting with the very appointment of Mueller . He was compromised from the very beginning of his probe . His close ties to former FBI Director James Comey should have disqualified from this position of utmost authority . In addition , the day before his selection as Special Counsel , Mueller was interviewing with President Trump for the position of FBI Director . When he was not selected , he immediately accepted the position Special Counsel , possibly motivated to seek retribution against the President who did not choose him to lead the FBI .
To make matters worse , Mueller has stacked his team of investigators with partisan Democrat attorneys , many of them contributors to either former President Obama or Hillary Clinton . It is clear that his investigation is biased and far removed from its original intent . Supposedly , Mueller and team were investigating whether the Trump campaign was involved in any “ Russian collusion. ” With no such evidence apparent , Mueller and company are now reportedly concentrating on determining whether the President was involved in any obstruction of justice . It surely seems that Mr. Mueller is engaged in a fishing expedition .
Until now , Mueller has charged Trump campaign associates with crimes that occurred before they started working on the 2016 election or with lying to the FBI . None of the charges involve “ Russian collusion . ”
This investigation has now been underway for almost nine months at an incredible cost to American taxpayers . Through the first 4 ½ months , the total costs reached close to $ 7 million . By now , Mueller has certainly racked up almost $ 14 million in charges with the total cost continuing to rise .
It is time for this witch hunt to end , so the administration can focus on more important matters such as the economy , health care , immigration and national security . The President needs to be working full time on accomplishing the promises he outlined in his masterful State of the Union speech , not distracted by an investigation based on phony partisan dossier .
Sadly , Democrats and the media do not care about the truth , they only want to discredit and politically harm President Trump . They are terrified of his independence and his American First agenda , so they totally support Mueller and want him to continue his work . They believe the investigation is the best way to stop the Trump agenda from ever being realized .
Hopefully , with the release of this bombshell memo , the Mueller investigation can be ended along with the chances of the Democrats , the media and the “ deep state ” to stop him .
Jeff Crouere is a native New Orleanian and his award winning program , “ Ringside Politics , ” airs locally at 7:30 p.m. Fridays and at 10:00 p.m. Sundays on PBS affiliate WLAE-TV , Channel 32 , and from 7-11 a.m. weekdays on WGSO 990-AM & www.Wgso.com . He is a political columnist , the author of America 's Last Chance and provides regular commentaries on the Jeff Crouere YouTube channel and on www.JeffCrouere.com . For more information , email him at This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
ROME : A shaven-headed far-right supporter wounded six Africans on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) in a brazen drive-by shooting in central Italy and was later arrested
After the morning assault in the town of Macerata , the suspect got out of his car , made a fascist salute with a tricolour Italian flag draped over his shoulders and shouted `` Viva Italia '' , or `` Long Live Italy '' , and `` Italy for Italians , '' media reports said .
The wounded included five men and one woman and came from Ghana , Mali and Nigeria , the Agi news agency said .
He opened fire in eight areas in the town and also targeted the office of the centre-left Democratic Party in a two-hour terror spree in the sleepy town of 43,000 people , press reports said .
`` Six people were injured and all of them are foreigners , '' said town mayor Romano Carancini . Police confirmed in a tweet that `` the wounded persons were of foreign nationality '' , adding that the `` presumed author of the attack is Italian '' .
One victim was seriously injured in the thorax , press reports said . The other five had lesser injuries .
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Nigerian man who was shot in the thigh while buying cigarettes on the street told a television channel from his hospital bed that he was in great pain , adding : `` It 's very serious . ''
Television footage showed the suspect being arrested at the town 's war memorial . Police also posted a photo of the capture .
Italian police have arrested far-right supporter Luca Traini , suspected of wounding several foreigners in a drive-by shooting . ( AFP/HO )
Italian media identified the man as Luca Traini , 28 , and said he was a member of the far-right anti-immigration Northern League party , who had run in local elections last year .
Media reports said police found a gun in the man 's vehicle , a black Alfa Romeo .
A Glock handgun sitting on the seat of a black Alfa Romeo used by a man suspected of wounding several foreign nationals in a drive-by shooting in Macerata . ( Guiseppe BELLINI/AFP )
`` Someone who shoots is a delinquent , irrespective of the colour of his skin , '' said Northern league chief Matteo Salvini , in full campaign mode ahead of legislative elections on Mar 4 .
`` I 'm in a hurry to be in government to bring back security , social justice and serenity to Italy , '' he said .
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni meanwhile made a pitch for unity , saying : `` Hate and violence will not divide us . ''
The attack comes a day after a Nigerian asylum-seeker was arrested in Macerata over the gruesome killing of an 18-year-old Italian woman whose dismembered body was discovered in suitcases earlier this week .
'HATE WILL NOT DIVIDE US '
Police found the clothes of the victim , Pamela Mastropietro , in the house of the 29-year-old Nigerian as well as a bloodstained knife .
However , no official link has been made between the two incidents .
Italians head to the polls in national elections next month , with immigration shaping up to be a key issue .
The country is a favoured landing point on Europe 's southern coastline for migrants making the perilous journey across the Mediterranean , often aboard unseaworthy boats , to enter the continent .
But 2017 was a turning point for Italy : the country went from large-scale arrivals in the first six months to a sharp drop-off , thanks to controversial agreement between the EU and Libya .
Some 119,000 people landed in Italy last year , down 35 per cent on 2016 .
The Northern League is part of a populist coalition tipped to do well in the elections .
According to opinion polls , the alliance between ex-prime minister Silvio Berlusconi 's centre-right Forza Italia ( Go Italy ) , the post-fascist Fratelli d'Italia ( Italian Brothers ) and the Northern League leads with more than 35 per cent ahead of the Mar 4 vote .
Helsingin Sanomat on Thursday reported that the tax evaders include wealthy private citizens , high-level executives from multinational companies and ex-business owners who have sold their business for a profit .
Sixteen Finns stashed tens of millions of euros in the tax haven of Liechtenstein , indicate tax documents made public under an order by the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland ( KHO ) .
The Finnish Tax Administration has submitted a summary of the case to the daily newspaper , indicating that it has been able to trace 50–60 million euros in funds stashed in the tax haven and imposed a punitive supertax of 838,817 euros on the tax evaders .
Helsingin Sanomat highlighted that the punishment is lenient in light of the fact that had the case gone to court at least some of the tax evaders could have been sentenced to prison for aggravated tax fraud and ordered to hand over criminal profits . Also the names of the individuals would have been made public if the case went to court , it added .
The individuals had anything between one and 10 million euros stashed in Liechtenstein .
The Tax Administration has also collected 2.5 million euros in outstanding corporate tax , 3.1 million euros in capital income tax , 320,000 euros in wealth tax and 547,000 euros in gift and inheritance tax – amounting to a total of 6.5 million euros – from the individuals . The Finns were also ordered to pay 1.7 million euros in non-punitive supertax and 229,000 euros in late-payment interest .
The Finnish Tax Administration was reprimanded for its unusually lenient penalties and prolonged investigation already in 2014 by the Deputy Parliamentary Ombudsman , Maija Sakslin .
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo : Markku Ulander – Lehtikuva
Ron and Brenda Bartel and Wendell and Shelley Loewen , all of Hillsboro , announce the engagement of their children , Andrea Bartel and Taylor Loewen .
Graduates of Hills­boro High School , Andrea is employed at TeaElla Bou­tique in Olathe , and Taylor , a 2014 graduate of Tabor College , is employed by the Lenexa Baptist Church in Lenexa .
The couple is planning a May 13 wedding at the Lenexa Baptist Church .
Celebrate the fall season this Saturday with food and fun at the eighth annual St. Francis of Assisi carnival . The event is being held , rain or shine , on Oct. 7 , from noon to 6 p.m. at 35 Norfield Road in Weston .
This year 's carnival includes rides , games , food , live music , and raffles .
Inflatables are available for children , with bracelets on sale for all-day , limitless rides . In addition , both children and adults can get “ all aboard ” the Roaming Railroad trackless train for a fun experience .
In past years , the air was full of excitement as children enjoyed face painting and played simple games such as Soda Pop Ring Toss , Candy Game , Pop a Balloon , and Tumble the Tower with lots of winners all day long . Those over 21 enjoyed more adult games , such as Win Some Cheer , Mystery Boxes , Silent Auction , and Outdoor Fun .
Local food trucks will be at the carnival all day , including LobsterCraft , Melt Mobile , Johnny 's Roadside , and Mr. Softee . Carnival fare will also be available , as well as wine and beer .
There will also be live music . Karl Schultz , a student at the Weston Middle School , will perform jazz and classical piano from noon to 1 . Fairfield School of Rock will be performing from 1:30 to 3 , and The Third Rail Acoustic Band will be performing from 3:30 to 6 .
At 11 a.m. , before the start of the carnival , there will be a blessing of the animals . Pet owners are invited to bring their animals on a leash to the parish parking lot for a blessing . St. Francis is the patron saint of animals , and he had a great love for animals and the environment . Born in 1181 , he preached that it was our duty to protect and enjoy nature and everything in it . In his honor , all pets will be blessed . All religions are welcome .
“ Each year this gets bigger and better , ” said carnival chairperson Sandra Jester . “ It has become a community event that brings Weston families together for a fun afternoon . With food , entertainment , rides , and prizes to win , there is something for everyone . ”
Raffles with high-value prizes will be available , including a family four-pack to Kempo Academy of Martial Arts with lessons and gear , a dental/orthodontic basket , a WWE package , designer sunglasses , Belvedere vodka , an Amazon Echo , and a vintage Huffy Regatta bike . In addition , multiple raffles will be offered with lots of chances to win .
Event sponsors are Fairfield County Bank , Knights of Columbus , Westport Eyecare Associates ( Dr. Barbara Manion ) , and Commerce Park Children 's Dentistry and Orthodontics ( Dr. Mary Ritter ) .
UNITED NATIONS : United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres named a new head of U.N. peacekeeping operations and retained three senior U.N. officials as part of his campaign to reform the world body 's peace and security programs .
“ I have announced that reforming the secretariat peace and security strategy , functioning and architecture would be a key priority , ” Guterres , who took office in December , said in a statement .
`` This important work will require both expertise and experience from principals and all staff members . ''
The secretary-general said the personnel moves were made in anticipation of an internal review of peace and security operations that will be completed in June and then shared with U.N. member states .
Guterres named French diplomat Jean-Pierre Lacroix to a one-year term as the head of U.N. peacekeeping operations , according to the statement . His predecessor , Herve Ladsous , had declined an offer to stay on .
Lacroix will take office on April 1 .
Oscar Fernandez-Taranco , the assistant secretary general for peace-building support ; Atul Khare , the U.N. chief of field support ; and Jeffrey Feltman , the U.N. chief for political affairs , accepted Guterres ' request to stay on through April 2018 .
( Reporting By Ned Parker ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
The 2017 edition of the Electronic Entertainment Expo is officially underway but big companies including Nintendo , Sony and Microsoft flaunted their new wares even before the doors were opened at the Los Angeles Convention Center .
During their various showcases leading up to the main event , Microsoft officially unveiled the Xbox One X , Nintendo announced new fan-favorite additions to the Switch line-up and Sony revealed more titles for its Playstation VR experience ( including a “ Final Fantasy ” spinoff focused solely on fishing ) .
With Electronic Arts , Bethesda and Ubisoft also hosting their own news conferences , plenty of new trailers have debuted since Saturday . Here is a rundown of some of the most buzzed-about trailers that have come out of E3 .
‘ Super Mario Odyssey '
Mario is once again called on to rescue Princess Peach from the clutches of Bowser , who looks like he 's really intent on finally marrying the princess this time . Nintendo has switched the gameplay up a bit to incorporate Mario 's hat-throwing skills as somewhere along the way the overalls-wearing hero seems to have learned to take over people 's bodies after throwing his hat on them . ( Watch the trailer above . )
‘ Spider-Man '
Watch the gameplay demo of `` Marvel 's Spider-Man '' shown at E3 . Watch the gameplay demo of `` Marvel 's Spider-Man '' shown at E3 . See more videos
Sony transported its audience to New York City to close out their presentation when they showed the nearly nine-minute-long gameplay trailer for “ Spider-Man. ” There was plenty of web-slinging ( and web-swinging ) featured in the footage , which even included a cameo appearance by Miles Morales .
‘ Cuphead '
Watch the trailer for `` Cuphead . '' Watch the trailer for `` Cuphead . '' See more videos
The new “ Cuphead ” trailer included a brief look at more gameplay footage of the 1930s-animation-inspired side-scroller and a release date . The stylish game is set for a Sept 29 release .
‘ Anthem '
Watch the trailer for `` Anthem . '' Watch the trailer for `` Anthem . '' See more videos
Fans finally got a good look at Bioware 's much anticipated “ Anthem. ” The third-person RPG is the newest game from the “ Mass Effect ” developer , which will see players don exosuits called Javelins to take on jobs to protect humans . You can see more footage of the gameplay here .
‘ Detroit : Become Human '
Watch the trailer for `` Detroit : Become Human . '' ( The trailer includes some adult language and violence ) Watch the trailer for `` Detroit : Become Human . '' ( The trailer includes some adult language and violence ) See more videos
Is that Jesse Williams leading an android revolution ? The new trailer for “ Detroit : Become Human ” revealed the third playable character of the action-adventure game . “ Detroit : Become Human ” boasts a story that will be shaped by the various choices made by players , making it in essence a high-tech , visually stunning choose-your-own-adventure game .
‘ Shadow of the Colossus '
Watch the trailer for `` Shadow of the Colossus '' for Playstation 4 . Watch the trailer for `` Shadow of the Colossus '' for Playstation 4 . See more videos
Speaking of stunning , the classic “ Shadow of the Colossus ” is getting a Playstation 4 update . The original was released for the Playstation 2 in 2005 .
‘ The Evil Within 2 '
Watch the trailer for Bethesda 's `` The Evil Within 2 . '' ( The trailer includes some violence ) . Watch the trailer for Bethesda 's `` The Evil Within 2 . '' ( The trailer includes some violence ) . See more videos
Upping the creep factor is the upcoming “ The Evil Within 2 , ” which Bethesda announced is slated for the PS4 , Xbox One and PC . The trailer goes full-on horror with burning villages , dead bodies and transitions that will never let you look at milk the same way . The game will appropriately launch on a Friday the 13th .
‘ Ooblets '
Watch the trailer for `` Ooblets . '' Watch the trailer for `` Ooblets . '' See more videos
Perhaps one of the most adorable trailers debuting at E3 was the one for “ Ooblets. ” The video featured plenty of dancing , cute animals , dancing , player customizations , dancing and a charming soundtrack . We 're all in .
‘ Ori and the Will of the Wisps '
Watch the trailer for `` Ori and the Will of the Wisps . '' Watch the trailer for `` Ori and the Will of the Wisps . '' See more videos
Microsoft offered a gorgeous first look at “ Ori and the Will of the Wisps ” in their announcement for this sequel to “ Ori and the Blind Forest. ” While no real gameplay footage was shown , fans can likely expect familiar “ Metroid ” -inspired mechanics and to get a little emotional while playing .
‘ Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle '
Watch the trailer for Ubisoft 's `` Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle . '' Watch the trailer for Ubisoft 's `` Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle . '' See more videos
Nintendo 's Shigeru Miyamoto made a surprise appearance at Ubisoft 's E3 press conference to help announce ( and praise ) “ Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle. ” A surprise that moved the creative developer Davide Solianai to tears .
If you 've ever wondered what would happen if the Rabbids — in Super Mario cosplay — were teleported into the Mushroom Kingdom , this game is definitely for you .
‘ Sea of Thieves '
Watch the gameplay trailer for `` Sea of Thieves . '' Watch the gameplay trailer for `` Sea of Thieves . '' See more videos
Pirates ! New gameplay footage for “ Sea of Thieves ” was shown during Microsoft 's E3 presentation , giving fans a look at some fighting , underwater exploration and treasure hunting . Also it turns out in this game players can travel via shooting themselves out of cannons .
‘ Far Cry 5 '
Watch the trailer for `` Far Cry 5 . '' Watch the trailer for `` Far Cry 5 . '' See more videos
In “ Far Cry 5 , ” players will be tasked with liberating a small American town from a militia of religious extremists . You can watch gameplay footage that introduces characters like Boomer ( an angry dog ) here . There is adult language .
( As a family-friendly news outlet we also had to skip the “ Beyond Good & Evil 2 ” trailer for the language but you can watch that one here . )
‘ Ashen '
Watch the trailer for `` Ashen . '' Watch the trailer for `` Ashen . '' See more videos
A new trailer for “ Ashen ” showcases the spooky and stylish action-RPG set in a world with no sun .
‘ The Last Night '
Watch the trailer for `` The Last Night . '' Watch the trailer for `` The Last Night . '' See more videos
Not all buzz is good buzz , after the trailer for “ The Last Night ” debuted co-creator Tim Soret 's social media history came to haunt him as his past pro-Gamergate and anti-feminist tweets were getting recirculated on Twitter . Soret has since addressed his previous statements on Twitter and apologized .
See the most-read stories in Entertainment this hour »
CAPTION Castmembers Ian McShane ( Mr. Wednesday ) and Ricky Whittle ( Shadow Moon ) join `` American Gods '' author Neil Gaiman and Executive Producers Bryan Fuller and Michael Green to discuss details on the new Starz series at the Hero Complex Comic-Con studio . Castmembers Ian McShane ( Mr. Wednesday ) and Ricky Whittle ( Shadow Moon ) join `` American Gods '' author Neil Gaiman and Executive Producers Bryan Fuller and Michael Green to discuss details on the new Starz series at the Hero Complex Comic-Con studio . CAPTION Castmembers Ian McShane ( Mr. Wednesday ) and Ricky Whittle ( Shadow Moon ) join `` American Gods '' author Neil Gaiman and Executive Producers Bryan Fuller and Michael Green to discuss details on the new Starz series at the Hero Complex Comic-Con studio . Castmembers Ian McShane ( Mr. Wednesday ) and Ricky Whittle ( Shadow Moon ) join `` American Gods '' author Neil Gaiman and Executive Producers Bryan Fuller and Michael Green to discuss details on the new Starz series at the Hero Complex Comic-Con studio . CAPTION Liam Cunningham and Isaac Hempstead Wright talk `` Game of Thrones '' at Comic Con . Liam Cunningham and Isaac Hempstead Wright talk `` Game of Thrones '' at Comic Con . CAPTION WATCH : `` Kong : Skull Island '' cast members Tom Hiddleston , John Goodman , Jason Mitchell , Corey Hawkins and director Jordan Vogt-Roberts at Comic-Con talk about remaking the classic monster movie with the L.A. Times ' Meredith Woerner . WATCH : `` Kong : Skull Island '' cast members Tom Hiddleston , John Goodman , Jason Mitchell , Corey Hawkins and director Jordan Vogt-Roberts at Comic-Con talk about remaking the classic monster movie with the L.A. Times ' Meredith Woerner . CAPTION Dane DeHaan stars in Luc Besson 's space fiction , `` Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets . '' Dane DeHaan stars in Luc Besson 's space fiction , `` Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets . '' CAPTION Norman Reedus talks about coming to San Diego Comic-Con International and the secret ritual he and the rest of the `` Walking Dead '' cast partake in during the early hours of the convention . Norman Reedus talks about coming to San Diego Comic-Con International and the secret ritual he and the rest of the `` Walking Dead '' cast partake in during the early hours of the convention .
tracy.brown @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ tracycbrown
Aid ready for Boracay workers
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Tara Yap
Iloilo City – While the closure of Boracay is yet to be seen , the Western Visayas office of the Department of Labor and Employment ( DoLE ) is already laying the ground work to help thousands of workers that might be displaced in the process .
“ We are prepared to assist them when the need arises , ” assured Atty . Johnson Cañete , DoLE-6 Regional Director .
Among others , DoLE-6 and the Department of Tourism ( DoT-6 ) , in coordination with the local governments of Malay town and Aklan province , are already organizing two job fairs that could help the estimated 17,000 workers in the island find employment if and when the proposed closure pushes through .
DoLE-6 will also partner with the Technical Educations and Skills Development Authority ( TESDA ) to help them upgrade their skills .
Meanwhile , a quick response team is also being organized for deployment to Boracay to help in profiling would-be-displaced workers .
Related
comments
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A fraudulent company director has been jailed after targeting “ elderly and vulnerable residents ” in a series of roofing scams in Buckinghamshire .
Kumarapan Kunaratnam , of Peterborough Road in Harrow , singled out pensioners , some of whom in their 90s , and offered them “ unnecessary ” roofing work which was “ poor quality and overpriced ” .
The 43-year-old targeted three houses in Chesham , one home in Little Chalfont , two in Thame and others in Staines and Datchet .
The former salesman and director admitted three counts of carrying on a business for fraudulent purposes during 2014 and 2015 at Aylesbury Crown Court on Friday ( June 9 ) .
Kunaratnam , a salesman for Future Homes Development Ltd and director for Top Homes Roofing and Top Home Group , cold-called residents and left leaflets about repairs containing false claims .
The court heard that Kunaratnam would price up the job , offer misleading discounts and get a signed contract , which inadvertently waived the 'vulnerable ' residents ' statutory cancellation rights .
Prosecuting , Gary Pons recalled one case where work was quoted at £8,096 and reduced on discount to just over £4,500 , but an expert stated the work done was worth around £600 .
In another case , Kunaratnam discounted the price by £2,000 but left loose mortar and broken tiles at the house , to the extent that the expert said the work had no value at all .
The court heard from chartered surveyor Charles Leigh-Dugmore , who said customers had been grossly overcharged for work that was unnecessary , of poor standard or not carried out at all .
Judge Catherine Tulk condemned Kunaratnam 's “ premeditated ” actions carried out in the county .
“ You deliberately targeted several elderly people and couples , ” she said .
“ You were actively involved , not just as the director , but on the front line - you were the brains and hands of the company . ”
Judge Tulk jailed the fraudster for 27 months , ordered him to pay compensation of £10,000 and banned him from being a company director for 10 years .
Anne Wight , Buckinghamshire County Council 's deputy cabinet member for community engagement , praised Trading Standards and the police investigation .
She said : “ This case gives a very clear message to those who would prey on our elderly and vulnerable residents , that we 'll go to great lengths in striving to make Buckinghamshire a no-go area for doorstop criminals . ”
As the Duchess of Cambridge labored in the Lindo Ward , an aircraft hired by Ladbrokes circled low overhead , towing a banner listing odds on the baby 's name .
Half a dozen uniformed employees of Ladbrokes circulated among the scrum of tourists and reporters , handing out tea , coffee and plastic flutes of sparkling wine .
From roughly 9 a.m. until about 6 p.m. , a 23-year-old public relations representative for Ladbrokes , Alex Apati , stood opposite the maternity ward , updating the odds on a chalkboard . As the day wore on , this became a discussion of the name Arthur ( 5-to-1 ) eclipsing its nearest competitors , James ( 8-1 ) , Albert ( 12-1 ) , Philip ( 16-1 ) and Thomas ( 20-1 ) .
Apati looked tired ; the previous night he had programmed his alarm to ring every two hours , afraid that the duchess would go into labor without him . “ Arthur is still the clear favorite , ” he said . “ Arthur is running away . ”
As lunchtime approached , he grew increasingly emphatic . “ The sheer amount that was taken on Arthur has forced us to cut it to 2-to-1 , ” he said . “ So , yeah , I have no idea why so many people are confident in Arthur . ”
The participation of bookmakers at a royal birth has become a ritual .
By comparison to sports-betting pools , interest in names is not huge — amounting to roughly 100,000 individual bets , and about a quarter million pounds , or $ 350,000 , said Jessica Bridge , the head of public relations for sports and news at Ladbrokes . The pool stands out because it is about 70 percent female and because the bets tend to be small ones , made by once-a-year betters who “ enjoy a wee flutter on events that take over the entire nation , ” Bridge said .
“ Novelty bets ” — on the color of the queen 's hat , for example — help bookmakers to rehabilitate their reputations , said Leighton Vaughan Williams , director of the Betting Research Unit at Nottingham Business School .
“ It 's a positive spin on bookmaking in general , ” Vaughan Willams said . “ It gives you a warm and fuzzy feeling about betting , that it is a fun thing to do . It 's not a new thing . But it 's really a public relations exercise . ”
This article originally appeared in The New York Times .
ELLEN BARRY © 2018 The New York Times
Advertisement
The Lagos State House of Assembly yesterday called on the Acting President , Prof. Yemi Osinbajo , and the leadership of the National Assembly to urgently reopen the Ondo State House of Assembly .
The House also cautioned the outgoing Governor of Ondo State , Olusegun Mimiko , to ensure smooth legislative activities , saying the existence of a Governor lies with having a parliament in place .
The resolution followed a motion moved by a member of the House , Bisi Yusuff , during Matters of Urgent Public Importance .
Yusuff said , “ Ondo Assembly has been under lock and key- this is not right ; it is condemnable . It is never known in this country where the office of executive or judiciary is locked .
“ It is not accetable ; there should be lasting solution to what is happening to the very important aspect of legislative arm , ” Yusuff said .
While supporting Yusuff 's motion , the Speaker , Mudashiru Obasa , who presided over the plenary explained that “ whatever happens to either of the eye or nose , the other suffers . We are one ! It has become common practice in the country where the parliament is made to suffer .
“ If the police insist on shutting down the House , let them also shut down the executive so that we know there is no civil rule in Ondo State , ” Obasa said .
Advertisement
Moshood Oshun said , “ What holds democracy is the legislative arm , the other two arms of government do exist during military . I have never seen where the office of a governor is locked . ”
The Chief Whip , Rotimi Abiru observed that “ this is happening when the State should be transiting . I want to appeal to the Nigeria police that the act is a bad signal to democracy . ”
Segun Olulade stated the development in Ondo State could be seen as planning a coup against the people of the State .
On his part , Olanrewaju Ogunyemi believes , “ what is nauseating aspect of the issue was that it was ordered by the Inspector General of police , adding he should know his call institutional responsibility .
Jude Idimogu however urged his colleagues not allow executive arm to disrupt activities of Houses over of Assembly , saying members should learn from Ondo Assembly .
The Deputy Majority Leader , Muyiwa Jimoh said instead of calling for the reopening of the State Assembly , the House should write ‘ an independent opinion ' condemning the act .
Jimoh argued that Lagos Assembly has no locust standing to reverse the decision of the federal government .
Nigeria declared an air pollution emergency in a major southern city on Tuesday and closed an asphalt plant there after residents complained about the fumes from its furnaces , in a country plagued by corruption and poor governance .
Residents staged a protest in Port Harcourt , a harbor city in the oil-producing Niger Delta region , waving their hands in the air to show the soot stains from touching cars .
“ The Federal Ministry of Environment has declared the air pollution in Port Harcourt an emergency situation and has subsequently issued a notice to temporarily shut down an asphalt processing plant…belching out thick smoke , ” the government said in a statement .
It did not name the firm , but a state government statement said it was from China .
“ If I am having my bath , the color of the water , the stains on the sink are always black , ” businessman Charles Adolor said . “ Before we can use already-washed plates we have to rewash them again . ”
Adolor and his wife and son have been wearing face masks inside their apartment to protect themselves from the soot that covers everything from the windows to the bathroom .
In the Niger Delta 's oil-producing swamps , residents complain about crude spills from broken or blown-up pipelines and acid rain from gas flaring , the burning of natural gas at oil wells .
Under British colonial rule , Port Harcourt was known as a “ Garden City ” due to its green parks , but a rapidly growing population has congested its pot-holed roads and cramped its residential quarters .
[ Source : Reuters ]
Comments
comments
Romelu Lukaku believes Alexis Sanchez was “ destined ” to play for Manchester United , but insists he is not threatened by the arrival of the Chile international .
Sanchez made his Premier League debut alongside Lukaku in Manchester United 's 2-0 defeat at Tottenham in midweek , with neither able to really make an impact .
With Anthony Martial , Marcus Rashford , Juan Mata , Jesse Lingard and Lukaku already on the roster , Sanchez gives Mourinho a welcome selection headache in attack .
Lukaku , speaking to Sky Sports , has welcomed Sanchez 's addition but is adamant the competition for places does n't worry him , as he feels he offers a great deal to United 's quest for trophies .
“ I work hard and do everything to make sure I am in the starting line-up . It is the manager 's choice [ if I am picked ] , but he knows what I can do for the team – I score goals and give assists and I think in my short time here I have been important for the team , ” the former Everton striker said .
“ He [ Sanchez ] is a Manchester United player – he was destined to play here . He deserves to be on the big stage . It was something he wanted as well .
“ He has a lot of experience after playing for Barcelona and Arsenal . I admire the quality he has on the ball , but especially his will to win . People were criticising him for being moody , but he is not like that . He is a just a winner .
“ I speak Spanish , so it is easy for me to communicate with him . He speaks good English as well . We always try to make a player feel comfortable , and he feels very comfortable here now . I think we will see the best of him . ”
United trail league leaders Manchester City by 15 points with 13 games to go , with Mourinho , who signed a new deal to extend his stay at United last week , conceding on Friday that his team are fighting for second place .
Lukaku is pleased to see the Portuguese sign the new contract but disagrees with his stance on the state of play at the top of the Premier League .
“ Of course it is good [ Mourinho 's new contract ] , everything is stable , ” Lukaku added . “ He can continue building on what he is building now . Everybody knows how the manager works .
“ If we do everything right until the end of the season , add in some reinforcements in the summer , we will be even stronger than we are now .
“ I do not think the same as the manager . It [ the league ] is not done yet , we have to keep fighting . ”
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is the subject of an ongoing investigation by the New York Police Department after he was accused of sexual misconduct in investigations published by Eater , The New York Times , and 60 Minutes . Now , more women are coming forward claiming Batali acted inappropriately around them .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Seven women have come forward saying Batali touched them without their consent in a new Eater investigation . Several of them said they were fans of his who asked for photos , and when they went to pose , the celebrity chef groped and kissed them , sometimes putting his tongue in their mouths . Eater published video clips from two of the women showing their encounters with Batali .
Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group told Eater in a statement they will finalize separating Batali from his restaurants by July 1 , and he has n't been involved with them since December . Batali declined to comment for this latest article . But when Eater published a report in December 2017 detailing alleged sexual harassment of employees and fellow chefs over the course of two decades , Batali said the investigation “ matched up ” with his behavior . `` That behavior was wrong , and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation , or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends , and family , ” he said at the time .
Here are some of the most striking claims made in the new Eater report :
“ Is This How You Treat Your Fans ? ”
Natali Tene , who said she was a fan of Batali 's , told Eater she tried to sneakily take a photo of him at a bar in Boston when he called her over and asked to take selfies . But the result was “ shockingly uncomfortable , ” she said . “ He was just so drunk , and I 'm , like , trying to smile for these pictures , and he 's pushing my face into his , kissing me , rubbing my breasts , my body and saying , ‘ One more pic , one more , ' ” she said . “ It all happened so fast , in the moment I was just like , ‘ What is going on , this is so pervy — is this how you treat your fans ? ' ” She then claims Batali invited her to his hotel room , and she declined .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“ He Obviously Has No Shame . ”
Sharelle Klaus said she met Batali in 2012 , and posed for a photo with the chef at his request . She claims that right after the picture was taken , Batali put his hand down her pants , under her underwear , and groped her behind . “ In one moment , you go from being really excited to meet this guy , who 's like a hometown hero , to just disgust , ” she said . “ He obviously has no shame . ”
“ Would You Kindly Remove Your Hand From My Breast ? ”
An anonymous woman told Eater that she met Batali at The Spotted Pig restaurant in New York in 2008 . After chatting for about 30 minutes , she claims Batali “ fully palmed ” her breast and would n't let it go . “ In total shock , I just said , ‘ Would you kindly remove your hand from my breast ? ' ” she said . “ And he just looked at me , still holding my breast and said ‘ Why should I ? ' I pointed to his wedding ring and said ‘ Well , you 're married and this is disgusting . ' ” According to her account , he then stopped and she went to a different part of the room .
“ Is This How People in New York Shake Hands ? ”
Several women who worked at Batali 's restaurant told Eater Batali would grope women 's crotches , and had a reputation as a “ serial crotch grazer ” to the point where women employees knew to “ stay away from his hands . ”
One anonymous woman said when she met him for the first time , he rubbed her crotch instead of giving her a handshake . “ It was so bizarre , and shocking , ” she said . “ I had this moment , like , ‘ Is this how people in New York shake hands ? ' ''
He `` Stuck His Tongue in My Mouth ''
Rebecca Marshall told Eater she met Batali in 2017 and asked him to take a photo with her . He allegedly asked her to sit on his lap , which she did , but then she says his behavior made her uncomfortable . He started kissing her on the cheek , and when she turned her head , he `` stuck his tongue in my mouth , '' Marshall said . Eater published photos from that moment , which you can see on their website .
She said she tried to laugh it off , even posting the photo on Instagram with the caption , “ I did n't order the tongue with my dinner. ” Later , she wrote about her encounter with Batali , without naming him , for Cherry Bombe . But she told Eater she 's going public now to send a message to other women . “ I hope that [ people ] understand that if it happens to them , they do n't have to be ashamed , ” she said . “ It 's not anything I did . I asked for a picture . ”
Follow Delish on Instagram .
When AS Roma agreed to sell Mohamed Salah to Liverpool last June they could well have anticipated that the Egyptian would go on to be a big success with the Premier League club.What they surely did n't expect would be that Salah and Liverpool would stand between them and a place in the Champions League final.But on Tuesday at Anfield Roma 's primary task will be to stop the prolific Salah from adding to his impressive 41 goals in all competitions.The Italian side is a surprise arrival in the last four of Europe 's premier club competition after a stunning comeback against Spanish giants Barcelona in the last round.Liverpool pulled off their own surprise as Salah , voted Player of the Year by England 's Professional Footballers ' Association ( PFA ) on Sunday , scored in both legs of his team 's 5-1 aggregate quarter-final win over Premier League champions Manchester City.Juergen Klopp , the Liverpool manager , expects Roma 's defenders to give Salah an early reminder , if any were needed , that friendships end once the players are on the field . `` I am pretty sure the Italian defenders are famous for not having friendly games , so I think Mo will feel early in the game that they are not his teammates any more and then he can strike back in a football way , '' the German said.Liverpool skipper Jordan Henderson said that Salah fully deserved the PFA Award and hopes that his wonderful form can continue until the end of the season . `` He has been fantastic . His record and stats speak for themselves , and his performances also , '' Henderson said . `` He has been a massive player and can hopefully continue that form for the next few weeks . `` Salah was less prolific in Italy 's Serie A during his two seasons with Roma , but his 34 goals in 83 appearances in all competitions for the club impressed Klopp and earned the Egyptian a 42 million euro ( $ 51.3 million ) move to Anfield.Salah has struck eight times in the Champions League this season - second only to Cristiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid , who has 15 goals.But with strike partner Robero Firmino also scoring eight and Sadio Mane seven , Liverpool has the most potent attack in the competition with 33 goals . `` The front three have been outstanding , creating chances , scoring goals . It has worked well , '' said Henderson . `` We have to continue playing as we always have this season , no matter who we have played . It is a big test against a really good side in Roma , but one I feel we are ready for . ''
“ Why are we still fighting certain veterans ' groups in court ? Because they 're asking for more than we are able to give right now , ” Canada 's prime minister said on Thursday at an Edmonton town hall meeting , responding to a Canadian Armed Forces veteran who lost his leg to an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan .
Boos ensued .
The issue was proper support for Canada 's wounded and injured military veterans .
READ MORE : Injured veteran that questioned Trudeau during Edmonton town hall says ‘ enough is enough '
The veterans Canada 's prime minister admitted being “ fighting ” over money are members of the Equitas Society . The group launched a class-action challenge of Ottawa 's lump-sum payout of veterans under the Stephen Harper government that continued after the election of Justin Trudeau , even though he had committed during the 2015 campaign to rectify what he then declared were shortcomings .
The most fundamental such shortcoming , according to Equitas veterans , is the federal government arguing it has no special relationship or duty to CAF members injured or wounded in service to Canada .
WATCH : Former soldier talks about why he challenged Justin Trudeau on military veterans policy
The British Columbia Court of Appeal recently decided in favour of Ottawa 's position . Equitas counters that ruling , stating , “ It is necessary , as a matter of utmost public importance and safety , that the social covenant be recognized as having legal effect .
“ The social covenant was and is constitutionally necessary for military recruitment to raise a voluntary citizens ' army , as evidenced in its inclusion as a term of condition of service . Those who enlist in military service do so at great personal risk and sacrifice , but do so based on the premise which underlies the social covenant . ”
READ MORE : Veterans take dispute with federal government over disability pensions to Supreme Court
The covenant goes back to the historic Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917 , during which Canada suffered heavy casualties while accomplishing a military objective at which Allied forces had failed .
Yet the Court of Appeal concluded the social covenant between the federal government and the men and women of Canada 's Armed Forces does not exist .
Speak to Princess Patricia Canadian Light Infantry Major Mark Campbell , who lost both legs and suffered additional wounds from an IED explosive in Afghanistan . Major Campbell , an Equitas member , makes clear his disgust at the Trudeau government 's refusal to properly support Canada 's injured military members .
LISTEN : Maj. Mark Campbell joins the Roy Green Show ( Jan. 21 )
Individual stories of abandoned , wounded and homeless veterans are many . Deflecting responsibility for the care of such warriors has become a political art form .
Unlike members of Parliament and the Senate , soldiers , sailors and Air Force men and women can not vote themselves a grand-slam pension plan which delivers riches for life with guaranteed increases based on cost of living , beginning after two election victories or six years of comfortable parliamentary life .
READ MORE : B.C . Court of Appeal to rule on whether wounded veterans ' lawsuit can proceed
Upon end of service , members of Canada 's military — whether wounded and harmed for life or not — may not declare “ I am entitled to my entitlements ” as David Dingwall , former MP , Liberal cabinet minister and appointed president and CEO of the Canadian Mint , stated when asked why he should receive a severance package following his resignation from the Mint .
The Equitas Society is appealing to the Supreme Court of Canada to hear its case and to decide a social covenant indeed exists between the federal government and men and women in Canadian military uniforms .
READ MORE : Soldier among group suing federal government over slashed disability benefits speaks out
Trudeau had no difficulty locating $ 10.5 million for convicted terrorist Omar Khadr and has stated that members of a declared genocidal organization ( ISIS ) might perform “ extraordinary ” duties for Canada with his backstopping of their financial requirements . ( Has the prime minister even determined whether returning ISIS terrorists have now made it their objective to help Canada , or continue in their previously sworn mission to fight against countries such as ours ? )
Somebody open a window . This stinks .
Roy Green is the host of the Roy Green Show on the Corus Radio network .
Listen to the latest from the Roy Green Show
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
Our Correspondent
Beijing
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Saturday extended New Year greetings to all Chinese compatriots and people around the world , saying hardwork and joint efforts in 2017 will make China and the world better .
“ There is no such thing as a free lunch , and only hardwork will make dreams come true , ” Xi said in his New Year speech .
He said 2016 was an extraordinary year for China as it achieved progress in every aspect , and urged the international community to join hands to build a more peaceful and prosperous world .
Aitor Karanka evaded questions regarding Middlesbrough 's interest in signing Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede after his side 's dour goalless draw against Leicester .
Villa are understood to have accepted a fee in the region of £6million for the Benin forward who was left out of the squad for his side 's Sky Bet Championship trip to Cardiff on Monday .
Gestede is believed to be on Teesside to tie up the deal but Karanka denied having met the player and added : `` I want to finish the transfer market with a better squad than we have now and we have one month .
`` I think for us it 's about keeping going . We know it 's going to be difficult to win games because we ca n't forget we were in the Championship last season . When we take our chances we will win games . ''
Karanka had an issue with the failure of referee Robert Madley to award a first-half penalty after Adama Traore tumbled under the challenge of Robert Huth , with the Boro boss claiming Huth had accepted his escape was fortunate .
However the suggestion was laughed off by Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri , who responded to the suggestion that Boro might have felt hard done by over the spot-kick by responding : `` It that is a penalty , I am the pope . ''
Karanka sought to accentuate the positives from an eminently forgettable game , insisting another point against the Foxes , coming soon after November 's 2-2 draw at the Walkers Stadium , underlined his side 's Premier League credentials .
He added : `` I am really pleased with the performance because when we played away against them we were better than them , and we showed again today that we are better than them .
`` We ca n't forget that this season they are not in a comfortable position but they are in the Champions League and they are a really good team , so for us to play them twice and show we could have won those games is very pleasing . ''
Ranieri was equally coy about his own side 's January transfer targets , even insisting of his side 's reported main target , Genk 's Wilfred Ndidi : `` I have n't seen Ndidi - I do n't know who he is . ''
In the absence of Islam Slimani due to illness , as well as Danny Drinkwater who was left out as a precaution after his recent injury , Ranieri said he could take plenty of positives from the point .
`` We had a good spirit and one point is okay - the second clean sheet in a row is good for us , '' added Ranieri .
`` Middlesbrough pushed a lot but we were so solid and I am pleased with the spirit we showed .
`` I remember the first match against them they won all the first balls and second balls , and today we won a lot of tackles . We worked very well in midfield and I explained how we have to move on and show a good attitude . ''
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) – When we think of our overall health , it can be easy to not think about our eyesight… unless we are having a problem ! If we have difficulty seeing things , making a trip to the eye doctor is a ‘ no brainer ' . But regular vision screenings are an important part of our overall health .
We discovered a great vision specialist in West Michigan , where affordable and fashionable eye care is the Number One Priority . At the office of Davich Vision Center .
The frame selection is the best you will find anywhere in the area – from the newest Tom Ford , Polo , and Prada… to Dolce and Gabbana and Ray-Bans . The designer options are incredible .
There are also very affordable frames , starting at less than $ 50… including lenses !
The eye doctors use the latest technology to make sure patients get the most thorough eye examination as well .
> > > Learn more in the video above .
Now : BOGO 50 % on a 2nd back up pair of glasses and 50 % off 3rd pair of sunglasses up to Ray Ban in luxury frames .
Also : Buy 2 pairs of glasses and get a free exam in December . Davich Vision accepts vision insurance , HSA , and Flex Spending .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Sir Mo Farah wants to be known as `` Mohamed '' when he starts the next chapter of his career .
The 34-year-old claimed a silver medal in his last track championship race in London , finishing behind Ethiopia 's Muktar Edris in the 5,000 metres on Saturday night .
Farah is now switching his focus to road racing and wants it to be a fresh start , with the four-time world champion ditching `` Mo '' to become known as `` Mohamed '' .
He said : `` My road name is Mohamed . I just feel like Mo is done . I need to forget about what I 've achieved and what I 've done . ''
OXNARD , Calif. ( AP )  In a rare move , a committee of the California Energy Commission says it will oppose construction of a new natural gas-fired power plant in Oxnard .
The committee , consisting of two out of five CEC members , announced Thursday that it intends to recommend that the full commission deny approval of the Puente Power Project on grounds that it will have an environmental impact that ca n't be mitigated and wo n't meet various laws , ordinances , regulations or standards .
`` We acknowledge that this statement is unusual , '' the commissioners wrote .
It 's unclear when the recommendation will be made or when the full commission will vote on the project . No immediate hearing was scheduled .
Advertisement
The $ 300 million plant is designed to replace two of three existing plants at the Mandalay Generating Station in Oxnard . The two older plants use seawater for cooling , which is against a State Water Resources Control Board policy . The third plant does n't use seawater cooling .
The new plant would produce enough electricity to power about 150,000 homes . It already has approval from the state Public Utilities Commission but is opposed by the California Coastal Commission , the city of Oxnard and environmentalists .
`` The proposed rejection of this gas-fired plant marks a turning point in California 's clean energy revolution and marks a trend in re-evaluating the need for gas plants across the state , '' the Environmental Defense Center said in a Friday statement .
Critics contend the fossil-fuel plant would damage coastal wetlands and dunes and degrade local air quality . They argue that there are renewable energy alternatives .
The two-member committee said California 's power grid operator , known as Cal-ISO , believes that alternatives to the gas-powered plant are feasible .
A Cal-ISO report in August said that solar and other energy sources could meet the expected demand , although they might be costlier options .
NRG energy , which is trying to build the plant , has argued it would serve as a bridge , providing needed electricity as California moves toward a greener energy future .
The Houston-based energy giant was disappointed by the committee 's letter of intent , spokesman David B. Knox said Friday .
`` We believe the record fully supports the approval of Puente . NRG favors California 's move to a carbon-free electrical grid , but remains concerned about local reliability during the transition , '' his statement said .
For the second year , the Barry Amateur Radio Society ( BARS ) of South Wales in the UK has gained permission to operate within the Royal Mint , and regulator Ofcom has granted the call sign GB4RME ( “ Royal Mint Experience ” ) .
The theme of the June 1 – 2 events is “ Covert Radio as used in World War II. ” At the same time , The Royal Mint will release a new 10-penny coin bearing a James Bond 007 theme .
“ They asked for our support in setting up a World War II covert radio display in keeping with James Bond exploits in the movies , ” said ARRL Member Glyn Jones , GW0ANA . “ Shame we can only ‘ play with our toys ' for 2 days , but the mint is a very busy place , pressing coins and awards for around 82 countries , 24 hours a day. ” The building 's lead roof “ RF killer ” and razor-wire “ Faraday cage , ” plus electronic alarms , give the radio amateurs “ loads of technical problems to overcome , ” Jones said .
GB4RME will operate on SSB , CW , digital modes , and satellite . QSL via GW0ANA with SAE . Logs will be uploaded to Logbook of The World .
A soldier wounded by an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan has received the world 's first complete penis and scrotum transplant , officials at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore said on Monday.A team of nine plastic surgeons and two urological surgeons operated on the veteran , whose nationality was not disclosed , for 14 hours on March 26 , the hospital said in a statement.The team transplanted an entire penis , a scrotum without testicles and a partial abdominal wall from a deceased donor . The wounded man , who requested anonymity , has recovered from the surgery and is expected to be discharged from the hospital this week. “ We are hopeful that this transplant will help restore near-normal urinary and sexual functions for this young man , ” Dr WP Andrew Lee , the head of plastic and reconstructive surgery at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , said in the statement.The soldier called his injury from an improvised explosive device `` mind-boggling '' and difficult to accept . Details of the incident were not released. “ When I first woke up ( after surgery ) , I felt finally more normal ... ( with ) a level of confidence as well . Confidence ... like finally I 'm OK , ” he said in the statement.Johns Hopkins surgeons had performed the first US double-arm transplant of two arms on a wounded service member in December.A transplant in which a body part or tissue is transferred from one individual to another is called vascularized composite allotransplantation . The surgery involves transplanting skin , muscles and tendons , nerves , bone and blood vessels.Lee said that although it is possible to reconstruct a penis using tissue from other body parts , a prosthesis implant would be necessary to achieve an erection , and that comes with a much higher rate of infection.In addition , service personnel often do not have enough viable tissue from other parts of their bodies to use because of other injuries , he said .
It 's a fact that nobody knows more about—or loves— hair products than the curly-textured among us . Which brings us to this bit of good news : There are now more and better options to emphasize , nourish , and style wavy , curly , and coiled strands than ever . The days of trying to “ tame ” your hair is in the past . Now it 's all about embracing natural texture and bringing it out in the best possible way . Still , nobody ever said having curly hair is simple , so Glamour 's beauty team and our expert panel of stylists puts all the creamy cowashes and lightweight hair creams to the test , whittling them down to these products that 'll enhance all types of textured hair . Meet your new curl heroes here .
MEMPHIS , Tenn. ( AP ) — Memphis has signed forward Kyvon Davenport out of Georgia Highlands College as the Tigers continue restocking their roster after losing their top three scorers from this season to transfers .
Davenport , who is 6-foot-8 , averaged 16.5 points , 10.5 rebounds and 3 blocks for Georgia Highlands this season . His 101 total blocks ranked fourth among National Junior College Athletic Association players .
Memphis coach Tubby Smith said in a statement Monday that “ Kynon is very athletic and mobile . ”
Davenport is the second junior-college prospect to sign with Memphis over the last week . Memphis also added guard Kareem Brewton from Eastern Florida State College .
Dedric Lawson , K.J . Lawson and Markel Crawford are leaving Memphis after averaging a combined 44.3 points and 22.4 rebounds this season . The Lawson brothers say they 're transferring to Kansas .
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Kyvon Davenport 's first name .
___
More AP college basketball : www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
This article is Part 11 of a multi-part series explaining the recently issued white paper on data protection in India . The responses to the white paper will help in the formulation of India 's future data protection laws . You can read Part 1 , Part 2 , Part 3 , Part 4 , Part 5 , Part 6 , Part 7 , Part 8 , Part 9 and Part 10 .
Part 10 of this series discussed the enforcement mechanisms that are needed to support the regulatory approach adopted . An important aspect of enforcement are the offences and penalties prescribed under the law . Lack of deterrent consequences is one of the key reasons why India 's current IT Act and Rules have failed to protect privacy , while the general data protection regulation ( GDPR 's ) threat of a €20 million fine has every business around the world on alert .
Limited compensation under the IT ( SPDI ) Rules
Looking at the IT ( Sensitive Personal Data or Information ) Rules , these contain most of the key privacy principles . The issue is with the lack of prescription of corresponding penalties . The only provision is Section 43A which allow compensation only if the body corporate failed to adopt reasonable security practices as prescribed under Rule 8 , and this resulted in a wrongful loss to the victim . There is no prescribed consequence for other violations of the rules , such as the collection of data without consent , or using it for a different purpose than for which it was collected .
The only protection would , therefore , be under Section 72A of the IT Act , which will apply only if there was a contract between the individual and the body corporate , and these incorporated the rules like notice and consent and use limitation . An example of such a contract is , of course , the privacy policy .
Protections beyond consent
Another key drawback in current laws is that the protections do not extend beyond consent . For example , this was among the key considerations in the WhatsApp Facebook case , which was dismissed at the Delhi High Court level ( this was before the fundamental right to privacy was recognised ) . It was a crucial factor then that users had consented via the terms and conditions to changes in privacy practices .
Consider also the case of Sitesearch in the US , where the company bought payday loan applications and sold them to third parties , which included fraudsters , who used the data to steal more than $ 25 million from user accounts . Such careless buying and selling off of data should not be justifiable in the name of consent . While safeguards such as requiring that companies transfer data too only to companies with a comparable level of privacy provisions help , these must be backed up by huge penalties for violations .
Back up privacy safeguards with penalties
The drawbacks of the current laws indicate that prescribing suitable offences , penalties and remedies is a crucial aspect of protecting data . The current laws , for instance , only punish disclosure of data in various forms , while the actual concerns of a data protection law are much broader in scope . Care must be taken while framing the law to ensure that every crucial privacy safeguard is backed up by a suitable consequence for non-compliance .
The White Paper recommends the prescription of imprisonment and fines such that they adversely affect the data controller , or the entity involved , both financially and reputationally , thereby serving some deterrent value .
Linking offences with factors other than financial loss
Another specific issue that arises is with the requirement to have adequate security standards , which if not complied with , draws no consequences unless actual loss results . While prescribing offences , it is important that the offence not be linked with a financial or other ‘ loss ' to the victim , but to other factors .
More stringent consequences , for instance , must be linked to the loss of more sensitive data . International laws thus require the punishment to be determined based on factors such as the nature , gravity and duration of the infringement , the intentional or negligent character of the infringement , the nature of data involved and the number of persons affected . International laws also prescribe variable quantum of fines , such as the GDPR which prescribes an upper limit of 4 percent of the company 's annual global turnover .
Establishing liability for negligence
Another issue that arises is if the data loss was the result of negligence . The Aadhaar Act , for instance , punishes only deliberate and not negligent disclosures of data . This is an important factor with respect to a data protection law since the cost of negligence can be very high in this field .
For example , consider the Equifax data breach , the breach of a credit information company , leading to the loss of crucial data of over 143 million Americans . This breach was the result of a vulnerability in their web application software , a vulnerability that was discovered and for which a patch had been issued at least 2 months before the actual hack . The breach of this crucial data was thus the result of negligent , or non-implementation of the patch .
Checks for implementation of security standards
This also points to another pressing issue — the increasing use of IT , which leads to an increasing number of vulnerabilities and points of attack . These vulnerabilities are discovered and used by cybercriminals much faster than the ability of agencies like CERT and NIST to resolve and remove them . The result is that hundreds of patches are released regularly , making it very difficult to monitor their implementation . Much like the lack of proper mechanisms to check the adoption of adequate security standards , there is also a lack of mechanisms to ensure that the technology in use is regularly updated . The cost of implementation and monitoring is another concern with this .
Establishing consequences for violative investigations
Another privacy concern is with violative or unauthorised investigations . A landmark privacy judgment in India is the Canara Bank case , which struck down a provision in a law , which allowed the authorisation of ‘ anyone ' to conduct investigations and demand the production and seizure of documents , including bank documents . Such a wide delegation of powers can allow any and everyone , even unscrupulous actors , permission to gain access to confidential data , which should not be allowed .
This case draws attention to an important aspect of data protection — it must be ensured that investigations , at all times , must be authorised , and by authorised personnel only . Any violations , or even exceeding of powers must be punishable .
Unauthorised surveillance and monitoring
The importance of preventing and penalising unauthorised investigations comes to light when looking at the widespread surveillance being carried out today . Authorised governmental surveillance , in the form of interception , decryption , or monitoring of traffic data , is governed under other IT Rules , such as the IT ( Interception , Monitoring and Decryption ) Rules , 2009 , issued under Section 69 of the IT Act , and the IT ( Monitoring and Collection of Traffic Data ) Rules , 2009 , issued under Section 69B of the IT Act . Both rules prohibit the unauthorised interception/ monitoring/decryption of the information and the monitoring/collection of traffic data respectively . Both rules also prohibit the disclosure of the information collected .
The only prescribed penalties , however , are under Sections 69 and 69B , which punish persons who fail to assist in the interception , etc. , or the monitoring of traffic data . One other consequence is under Section 72 of the IT Act , which will punish the unauthorised disclosure of such data acquired in the exercise of powers under the Act . This section , however , will not apply or punish a wrongful exercise of power , such as unauthorised collection of data . This is unclear . Thus , though the rules contain crucial privacy safeguards , these are not backed up by adequate , deterrent consequences , making them little more than protection on paper .
In addition to governmental surveillance , workplace surveillance and even surveillance by private parties through CCTV cameras have become common today .
Data Breach Notifications
Lastly , along with determining penalties and compensation , imposing a requirement for data breach notifications is very important . The advantage of a data breach notification is two-fold , one the authorities and the victims are aware that their data has been compromised , and second the fear of reputational damage serves as an incentive to comply with data protection obligations and ensure its security . This should also include penalties for failing to notify the authorities and the people .
Delaying/ avoiding data breach notifications
The Uber breach cover-up also reveals another issue — that many businesses will tend to avoid the disclosure of data breaches altogether . Laws must consider even more stringent penalties in such situations , since paying off the hackers is hardly a solution for protecting the victims .
Some jurisdictions permit companies to inform the people once the situation is under control , in order to prevent the spread of panic . This is a factor that needs to be considered carefully before it is adopted in India since it should not result in the encouragement of delayed disclosures , as seen with Uber or even the Equifax breach . The GDPR also allows an exemption when factors like encryption or pseudonymisation are applied to the data , ensuring that even if the data was accessed , it is secure .
Key questions raised in the White Paper
In view of these issues , the White Paper has presently sought comments on the following key questions with respect to offences , penalties and compensation under the new law :
What are the types of acts in relation to data protection which should be considered to be offences ?
What penalties should be imposed on the data controller as well as the recipient of the data ? What should their quantum be ?
Who will investigate the offences ?
For what violations should penalties be prescribed ? How should penalties be determined or calculated ? What factors should the authority take into consideration ?
Should the penalty be linked to a percentage of worldwide turnover or should there be a fixed upper limit ?
Should the amount of penalty vary for different categories of data controllers ?
Should there be a provision for blocking market access of a defaulting data controller in case of non-payment of penalty ?
What is the nature , type and extent of loss or damage suffered by an individual in relation to which he can claim compensation ? What factors must be taken into account while calculating compensation ? What are mitigating circumstances ?
Should there be an obligation on controllers to grant compensation on their own ?
How should a data breach be defined ? When should authorities/ people be notified ?
What details should the individual be informed of ?
Any other views ?
Part I of the series explores the definitions of personal data and sensitive personal data , Part II of the series examines the jurisdiction and territorial scope of data protection laws , Part III of the series explores cross-border data flows and data localisation , Part IV deals with exemptions to data protection law , Part V deals with notice and consent , Part VI deals with the big data challenge to privacy principles , Part VII deals with processing of sensitive personal data , Part VIII deals with ensuring data quality , Part IX deals with new rights against discriminatory AI decisions , marketing , etc. , and Part X deals with adopting a co-regulatory approach .
The author is a lawyer and author specialising in technology laws . She is also a certified information privacy professional .
The Northumberland Dental Hygiene Clinic recently participated once again in the Gift from the Heart event on Saturday , April . Mary Ito ( in the chair ) , Sue Hochu ( left ) and Jenny Carter , all registered dental hygienists , volunteered their time to the worthwhile event . This was the ninth year the office opened to offer no-cost dental cleanings to those otherwise unable to access dental hygiene services . Dental hygienists from every province throughout Canada were represented this year with over 120 locations open from Victoria , B.C . to Gander , Nfld .
WASHINGTON : The United States on Wednesday imposed sanctions on six Iranians and three Iran-based entities , including Tehran 's Evin prison .
The sanctions , announced by the U.S. Treasury on its website , also targeted the group Ansar-e Hezbollah and the Hanista Programing Group .
Advertisement
( Reporting by Tim Ahmann ; Editing by Susan Heavey )
NEW YORK/LONDON ( Reuters ) - Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency 's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months . Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets ( CBOE.O ) launched the futures late on Sunday , marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large , regulated exchange . The one-month bitcoin contract < 0 # XBT : > opened at 6 p.m. local time ( 2300 GMT ) on Sunday at $ 15,460 . By midday on Monday in New York , it was trading at $ 17,780 , roughly 10 percent above bitcoin 's spot price of $ 16,335 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP . But given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month , and was up more than 10 percent on Monday alone , the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating . And many traders may be looking for payoffs other than a simple gain in the price of bitcoin , said Hussein Sayed , chief market strategist at FXTM in Dubai . He noted though that the listing of the futures contract on Cboe and next week on the CME will likely provide at least a temporary arbitrage trading opportunity due to pricing differences . Sayed added that the arbitrage trading should lead to “ improved price efficiency and probably less volatility. ” After volatility settles down , investors will focus again on price direction , he said . Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States , but backers said the U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use . The CME Group ( CME.O ) is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17 . ( To view a graphic on Bitcoin 's blistering ascent , click tmsnrt.rs/2AeMjHe ) VOLATILITY CONCERNS Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors , most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors say bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value . “ There 's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility , ” said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder . The two-month contract was trading at $ 17,970 a 10 percent premium over the spot price , while the three-month contract was changing hands at $ 18,140 , a roughly 11 percent premium . Despite being modest when compared with bitcoin 's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months , those levels still showed a lack of large “ short ” positions betting against bitcoin . “ Anyone , especially a professional trading outfit , would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market , ” said Nick Spanos , founder of Bitcoin Center NYC . “ But just because it does n't happen on day one does n't mean it wo n't in the future. ” Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017 , having started the year at less than $ 1,000 . ‘ MARCH TOWARDS LEGITIMIZATION ' Virtual currency Bitcoin tokens are seen in this illustration picture , December 8 , 2017 . Picture taken December 8 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/IllustrationAs of early afternoon trading in New York , 3,613 one-month contracts had changed hands , meaning around $ 64.7 million had been notionally traded . That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $ 21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies , according to trade website Coinmarketcap . There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market . But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets , the 10 percent rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin . Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week , before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours . “ ( Bitcoin futures ) will speed up the march towards legitimization of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use , ” said Jo Torode , a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London . The futures are cash-settled contracts , allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency . The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange , which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss . Slideshow ( 4 Images ) ( GRAPHIC : Bitcoin futures suggest growth , but slower - reut.rs/2yfblkV ) DRAMATIC GAINS Bitcoin 's origins have been the subject of much speculation . It was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto , and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden , making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible . Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering . “ It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me , ” the Reserve Bank of New Zealand 's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday . Somebody who invested $ 1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around $ 1.2 million . Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures had given an extra kick to the cryptocurrency 's scorching run this year . The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages . Several online brokerages , including Charles Schwab Corp ( SCHW.N ) and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp ( AMTD.O ) , did not allow trading of the new futures immediately . The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM.N ) , Citigroup Inc ( C.N ) would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients . Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS.N ) said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients . ( For an interactive graphic on bitcoin 's blistering ascent , click here )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
City of Davenport wants to be a RAGBRAI host city
The Davenport City Council will take up a resolution supporting the city 's application to be a RAGBRAI host city in 2018 during Wednesday 's city council meeting .
Also on the agenda , the city of Davenport wants to be the original RAGBRAI host city in 2022 for the rides ' 50th anniversary .
Davenport was the end point city in 1973 when the annual ride began .
UE vs UST : Battle of former champions
0 SHARES Share Tweet
By Jerome Lagunzad
This is probably the second most-anticipated showdown on a blockbuster weekend in the UAAP basketball tournament after defending champion La Salle 's fierce encounter with archrival Ateneo tomorrow .
And University of the East coach Derrick Pumaren feels the tournament organizers should also impose a single-game ticketing scheme on the Red Warriors ' collision with fellow struggler , the University of Santo Tomas Growling Tigers , today at 2 p.m. inside the Mall of Asia Arena .
After all , both squads are expected to give it their all in their bid to finally savor that winning feeling after running into a series of misfortunes in their first six games .
“ I heard there 's gon na be a board meeting sa Sabado dahil isi-single ticket ata ‘ yung game namin , ” said Pumaren in jest , trying to keep himself in high spirits ahead of what many considers as “ a championship match ” pitting two of the most winningest schools in league history with 18 titles each .
The Growling Tigers , off to their worst start since reaching the Promised Land in 2006 , are coming off a week-long respite , giving them enough time to prepare against the weary Red Warriors .
“ Pagtatrabahuhan talaga namin ng maigi para makuha na namin ‘ yung unang panalo , ” vowed UST gunner Marvin Lee , doing his best to boost his teammates ' shattered confidence .
“ Hindi rin naman namin ine-expect na magiging ganun ang start namin . Sabi ko sa kanila , ‘ Huwag na isipin na 0-6 kami .
Magiging experience natin ‘ yan . Move on na tayo . Gawin na lang natin ang best natin sa next game . ' ”
That 's exactly what the Red Warriors also intend to do , with Pumaren hoping his wards can utilize whatever momentum they got in the latter part of their 106-100 loss to the Green Archers last Wednesday .
“ I think we can use this positive as a springboard playing against UST , ” he said , impressed with the Red Warriors ' collective fighting heart when they mounted a big fightback from a 25-point deficit in the last four minutes .
“ “ That 's a game that even though we lost , I 'm really proud of the way we played . The effort , the team I 've been missing nung first five games namin , I saw it right there . We ca n't just go down…we just got to go down fighting and they responded . ”
The Tigers , whom Pumaren thinks “ are stronger than their record and are playing well , ” are expected to put the clamps down on Red Warriors star Alvin Pasaol who torched the Green Archers ' “ Mayhem ” defense with 49 points in one of the most astonishing performances in recent memory .
Related
comments
AKRON , Ohio ( AP ) — An Ohio woman has been sentenced to prison for drunkenly running down her boyfriend with her vehicle and killing him .
The Akron Beacon Journal reports 49-year-old Gloria Lee was sentenced to four years in prison Tuesday after pleading guilty to aggravated vehicular homicide and DUI charges in connection to the death of Darrone Jones .
Police say Jones was walking toward Lee 's vehicle in May 2017 in Akron when Lee sped up and hit him . The 57-year-old died at a hospital from his injuries about a month later .
Lee 's blood alcohol level at the time of the crash was measured to be 0.198 , more than twice the legal limit .
___
Information from : Akron Beacon Journal , http : //www.ohio.com
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and high-ranking North Korean envoy Kim Yong-chol met in New York City to set the stage for an historic summit between their leaders on nuclear disarmament .
The discussions came as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov touched down in North Korea 's capital , Pyongyang , for talks with his counterpart Ri Yong-ho .
Kim and Pompeo left a 90-minute private dinner at a Manhattan apartment on Wednesday night without providing details about their conversations . Another two rounds of talks were scheduled later on Thursday .
“ Good working dinner with Kim Yong Chol in New York tonight , ” Pompeo tweeted . “ Steak , corn , and cheese on the menu . ”
The United States has been demanding that North Korea abandon its nuclear weapons programme amid reports it is close to being able to launch a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States .
US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jung-un had been scheduled to hold an unprecedented summit in Singapore on June 12 . Disputes between Washington and Pyongyang led Trump to cancel the meeting – only to see a flurry of diplomatic efforts in recent days .
‘ Strong clear committment '
Kim – the right-hand man of the North Korean leader and vice chairman of the ruling Workers ' Party 's Central Committee – is the most senior leader from Pyongyang to visit the US in nearly two decades .
Tong Zhao , a fellow with the Nuclear Policy Programme at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Centre for Global Policy , told Al Jazeera despite differences between the two sides the Singapore summit will likely happen .
“ There is strong clear committment from both sides to have this summit on time on June 12 , ” Tong said .
“ Even though there is still major substantive issues for them to workout . They still face a major gap in their respective positions , but I think there is more than a 50-50 chance the summit will take place on time in Singapore . ”
Nuclear deterrent
Washington is pressing North Korea to quickly give up all its nuclear weapons in a verifiable way in return for lifting sanctions and economic incentives .
But analysts say North Korea will be unwilling to cede its nuclear deterrent unless it is given security guarantees that the United States will not try to topple the regime .
A senior State Department official briefed reporters as Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol met . The official , who asked not to be identified , said North Korea is “ going to have to make clear what they are willing to do ” in response to Washington 's demands .
Trump , the official said , “ can make a fly or no-fly decision anytime he wants ” , referring to the possible June 12 summit .
If not enough progress is made to lead to a productive meeting between Trump and Kim Jung-un , the official said , “ we will ramp up the pressure on them and we 'll be ready for the day that hopefully they are ready ” .
Russia 's role
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov engaged in discussions with Ri after arriving in Pyongyang on Thursday , North Korea 's state media reported .
The two foreign ministers met at the Supreme People 's Assembly building in Pyongyang , Russian news agency TASS reported .
Lavrov called called for the phased lifting of sanctions on North Korea , indicating Pyongyang would not give up its nuclear weapons until that happens .
“ It is absolutely obvious that – as we start discussions on how to resolve the nuclear problem on the Korean Peninsula – it is understood that the solution can not be comprehensive without the lifting of sanctions , ” Lavrov said in a press conference .
“ This can not be achieved at one go . There can be no immediate denuclearization – this should be done step-by-step and all sides should go halfway during every single phase of this process . ”
Despite having a border with North Korea and relatively cordial relations that President Vladimir Putin seems to want to develop further , Russia has so far remained on the sidelines as the US-North Korea confrontation escalated over the past year .
Lavrov also spoke to Pompeo – the former head of the CIA – by telephone for the first time on Wednesday ahead of the secretary of state 's dinner meeting with Kim .
The Federal Reserve ordered Wells Fargo on Friday to halt its growth , citing `` widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns '' at the bank .
WASHINGTON : The Federal Reserve ordered Wells Fargo on Friday to halt its growth , citing `` widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns '' at the bank .
The Federal Reserve Board said in a statement that it `` would restrict the growth of the firm until it sufficiently improves its governance and controls . Concurrently with the Board 's action , Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year. ``
The bank is barred from growing beyond its size at the end of 2017 until it has satisfied the Fed that it has improved its compliance and governance polices , the Fed said . The bank 's board must submit a plan within 60 days outlining how it plans to address the Fed 's concerns .
The Fed action follows sustained compliance issues at Wells Fargo , which has already paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fines to various regulators for abusing retail customers .
Shares of Wells Fargo fell about 2 percent in light post-market trading .
( Reporting by Pete Schroeder )
Advertisement
BOSTON – Katie McNeil had only run one marathon in her life before participating in the world 's most iconic one .
At the 121st Boston Marathon McNeil , who is from Zanesville , had a goal of finishing the 26.2-mile race in under three hours and 45 minutes . When she crossed the finish line her time was three hours , 43 minutes , and 33 seconds .
McNeil 's only other experience with marathons was the Columbus Marathon that she ran in October of 2015 . Her time in that race was 3:34:06 , which was good enough to qualify her for the 2017 Boston Marathon .
McNeil said that it was unusually warm in Boston and that the course was much hillier than the Columbus race . She thanked everyone back in Muskingum County that supported her throughout her experience in Beantown .
: Tropical Storm Nate took aim at Caribbean resorts on Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula on Friday on its way to the US Gulf Coast where it could strike as a hurricane this weekend after killing at least 22 people in Central America.Nate was blowing maximum sustained winds of 45 miles per hour ( 72 kmh ) and was about 230 miles ( 370 km ) southeast of the Mexican holiday resort island of Cozumel early on Friday morning , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.The storm is expected to reach the eastern edge of the Yucatan peninsula , home to popular vacation destinations such as Cancun and Playa del Carmen , on Friday evening , the NHC said.Nate will likely strengthen to a hurricane by the time it hits the northern Gulf of Mexico , it added . Oil and natural gas producers began evacuating staff at US Gulf of Mexico platforms on Thursday.The storm doused Central America with heavy rains on Thursday , killing at least 11 people in Nicaragua , eight in Costa Rica , two in Honduras and one in El Salvador , local authorities said.Thousands were forced to evacuate their homes and Costa Rica 's government declared a state of emergency , closing schools and all other non-essential services.Nate is predicted to become a Category 1 hurricane , the weakest category on a five-level scale used by meteorologists , by the time it hits the US Gulf Coast on Sunday.US officials from Florida to Texas told residents on Thursday to prepare for the storm.A state of emergency was declared for 29 Florida counties and the city of New Orleans , devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.The NHC has issued a hurricane watch from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Mississippi-Alabama border , including New Orleans , Lake Pontchartrain , and Lake Maurepas.Nate is expected to produce six to 10 inches ( 15 to 25 cm ) of rain in parts of Honduras and Nicaragua , two to four inches ( 5 to 10 cm ) of rain in eastern Yucatan and western Cuba and three to six inches ( 8 to 15 inches ) of rain in the US central Gulf Coast.On Friday morning , the storm was moving northwest at 14 miles per hour ( 23 kmh ) .
It was only their third game of the playoffs , and already the New York Rangers looked out of gas .
Credit to the Montreal Canadiens , of course . The Habs smothered the Blueshirts Sunday at MSG , limiting their opponents to just 21 shots in a 3-1 victory .
But now it 's on the Rangers to show that they 're still in the series , that they do have something left in the tank . They were good in Game 1 at Bell Centre , a 2-0 victory , but they lost momentum in Game 2 , a 4-3 overtime loss , and they could n't get it back in Game 3 .
For veteran forward Derek Stepan , it was n't a lack of effort that was to blame .
“ I do n't think we worked smart enough , ” Stepan said , per NHL.com . “ I 've been here for a long time . This group has worked extremely hard . We 've put in solid work throughout the season and in the playoffs . No one is tougher on us than ourselves . We 're working so hard but I think we need to work a little smarter . I do n't think it 's a lack of effort . I think it 's a lack of brain power at times . ”
Meanwhile , it was a defiant Alain Vigneault who met with reporters Monday . The New York media was not kind to the Rangers in the wake of Sunday 's performance , and it sounded like the head coach had read what was written .
“ Obviously , we did n't pick a good time yesterday to have a very ordinary game , ” said Vigneault . “ But tomorrow we 've got an opportunity to make this series 2-2 . And anybody who believes that this group does n't want to play well , does n't want to win , does n't know what they 're talking about . We 're gon na go out and we 're gon na compete … and we 're gon na play a lot better than we did yesterday . ”
Above all , Vigneault wants his team to manage the puck better , after turnovers become a problem in Game 3 . He did not say whether there would be any lineup changes , though common sense says there could be .
The Rangers can ill afford to head back to Montreal trailing 3-1 .
After 20 years of providing an instant messaging service ( & close to 10 years of us not realizing people still use it ) AOL Instant Messenger is set to shut down for good on December 15 .
AOL Instant Messenger ( AIM ) is shutting down for good on December 15 pic.twitter.com/Dgn32o9N4X — Steve Kopack ( @ SteveKopack ) October 6 , 2017
It was one of the first big chat services and I 'm sure we all remember our first screen names . Mine was ‘ lilozzyforsho1269 ' when I was in 7th grade…
I 'm the kind of girl that wants a guy to pick me up in his 2003 Mazda for our date instead of making my mom drop me off at coldstone — your away message ( @ YourAwayMessage ) July 12 , 2015
AIM 's main competitor MSN Messenger shut down back in 2014 & AOL had cut off AIM from third-party chat clients this past March . This day was due for some time and December 15 would be it .
all I want is a
drama free summer . — your away message ( @ YourAwayMessage ) June 11 , 2015
For more , head to Verge .
Zanesville Fire Chief Doug Hobson says a big natural gas leak has happened near Zanesville High School Wednesday afternoon . He says a construction crew building a trail between the high school and Ohio University Zanesville accidentally ruptured the line and natural gas is spewing into the air . Hobson says residents in the area of ZHS should stay inside until the issue is resolved and that includes people who live on Ray Circle , Weller , Somers and Carmen Drive .
“ I think when the president finds out what happened , he is going to be not just fine , he is going to be glad that we have an FBI that took seriously what they heard , ” Gowdy , who is not running for reelection , said a day earlier on Fox News , Trump 's favorite cable news network .
China bans North Korean iron , seafood imports
By Laurent THOMET
Beijing ( AFP ) Aug 14 , 2017
China will halt iron , iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting Tuesday , following through on new UN sanctions after US pressure for Beijing to strongarm Pyongyang over its ally 's nuclear programme .
The decision was announced on Monday after days of increasingly bellicose rhetoric between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un 's regime , which has raised international alarm about where the crisis is headed .
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the latest sanctions after the United States accused China of not doing enough to rein in its neighbour , which relies heavily on the Asian giant for its economic survival .
The Chinese commerce ministry said on its website that all imports of coal , iron , iron ore and seafood will be `` completely prohibited '' from Tuesday . Beijing had already announced a suspension of coal imports in February .
The United Nations Security Council , including permanent member Beijing , approved tough sanctions against Pyongyang on August 6 that could cost the country $ 1 billion a year .
The sanctions were in response to the North 's two intercontinental ballistic missile tests last month , after which Kim boasted that he could now strike any part of the United States .
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi vowed after the UN sanctions were approved that his country `` will for sure implement that new resolution 100 percent , fully and strictly '' .
- China urges dialogue -
China , which is suspected of failing to enforce past UN measures , accounts for 90 percent of North Korea 's trade .
Trump complained in July that trade between the two nations had increased by nearly 40 percent in the first quarter .
Beijing has defended its economic ties with Pyongyang as normal commerce between neighbours and insisted the trade did not violate UN sanctions .
The suspension of coal imports deprives North Korea of massive income as it totalled $ 1.2 billion last year .
Among the latest banned products , China imported $ 74.4 million worth of iron ore in the first five months of this year , almost equalling the figure for all of 2016 .
Fish and seafood imports totalled $ 46.7 million in June , up from $ 13.6 million in May .
The United States angered China in June when it imposed unilateral sanctions on a Chinese bank accused of laundering North Korean cash .
Trump will on Monday formally order a probe into China 's intellectual property practices , though US officials said it was not linked to the North Korean matter .
`` It 's not appropriate to use one issue as a tool to keep pressure on the other issue , '' foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular news briefing .
- Soaring tensions -
Regional tensions have soared in the past week as Trump warned North Korea it would face `` fire and fury '' if it attacked the United States , while the North threatened to test-fire its missiles over Japan and towards the US Pacific island of Guam .
Japan has deployed Patriot missile defences in four prefectures in response .
`` We will do our best to prevent ( North Korea ) from taking such acts by stepping up pressure through the UN , '' Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday .
`` The government 's heaviest responsibility is to secure our people 's lives . ''
The war of words has sparked global concern , with world leaders including Chinese President Xi Jinping urging calm on both sides in a phone call with Trump over the weekend .
South Korean President Moon Jae-In , a left-leaning leader who has previously advocated dialogue with the North , joined the appeals for restraint on Monday .
Moon called for an end to `` all provocations and hostile rhetoric immediately , instead of worsening the situation any further '' .
The governor of Guam , Eddie Calvo , defended Trump 's rhetoric against Kim 's regime , saying in an interview with AFP that `` sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose '' .
China has pleaded for a resumption of long-dormant six-nation talks to peacefully resolve the crisis .
But its proposal for North Korea to suspend its arms programmes in return for the United States to halt military drills in the region has been ignored .
`` The relevant parties should exercise restraint , in order to avoid aggravating the words and deeds of the tense situation on the Korean peninsula , '' foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua said .
New York ( AFP ) Aug 11 , 2017
Memories of war haunt elderly Koreans in New York when they think about the gathering nuclear crisis between their homeland and the country they adopted in search of the American dream . Four million people perished in the 1950-53 Korean War between a US-backed South and China-backed North Korea . It was a bloodbath that ended in stalemate and today lies behind diplomatic panic , depressed mark ... read more
Related Links
We are nothing more than the memories we keep . Lionsgate Premiere has unveiled the first trailer and poster for the upcoming thriller Rememory , starring Peter Dinklage , Julia Ormond , Henry Ian Cusick and the late Anton Yelchin in one of his final films . Peter Dinklage plays a mystery man who tries to unlock the truth about a new device that allows people to replay their own memories . Rememory was directed by Mark Palansky from a script he co-wrote with Michael Vukadinovich , with Daniel Bekerman and Lee Clay producing .
The film explores the unexplained death of Gordon Dunn ( Martin Donovan ) , a visionary scientific pioneer whose body is found shortly after the unveiling of his newest work : a device able to extract , record and play a person 's memories . Gordon 's wife , Carolyn ( Julia Ormond , Mad Men , The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , Legends of the Fall ) , retreats into her house and cuts off contact with the outside world when a mysterious man ( Peter Dinklage , Game of Thrones , X-Men : Days of Future Past , The Station Agent ) shows up . After stealing the machine , he uses it to try and solve the murder , beginning an investigation of memories that lead him to unexpected and dangerous places .
The trailer debuted on Lionsgate Movies YouTube , with the movie featuring supporting cast members such as Evelyne Brochu , Jordana Largy , Carrie Fleming , Gracyn Shinyei , Colin Lawrence , Andrew Herr and Courtney Richter . The film will debut for free on Google Play for a limited time only starting August 24 , with the film arriving in theaters September 8 . While it is n't known if the film will have a wide release on September 8 , it will be going up against New Line Cinema 's highly-anticipated IT remake , along with Open Road Films ' Home Again and Atlas Distribution 's 9/11 , which are all opening in wide release . Also opening in limited release is GKIDS ' Napping Princesss , Magnolia 's School Life , The Orchard 's Trophy , IFC 's The Unknown Girl .
This film marks a reunion for Peter Dinklage and director Mark Palansky , who previously collaborated on the director 's feature film debut , Penelope , where he starred alongside Christina Ricci and Catherine O'Hara . While the actor has certainly been keeping busy on the small screen with HBO 's iconic series Game of Thrones , he has still found time for some big screen ventures as well . The actor recently lent his voice to The Angry Birds Movie as Mighty Eagle and starred in The Boss alongside Melissa McCarthy . He will next be seen in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri and Avengers : Infinity War , which recently wrapped production .
Mark Palansky has n't directed a feature since his debut Penelope , but he has directed episodes of the hit Lemony Snickett series A Series of Unfortunate Events , which debuted earlier this year on the Netflix streaming service . While this movie will face some stiff competition in theaters , it will be interesting to see how fans react to the film after watching it for free on Google Play later this month . It could be quite the interesting experiment , to see if a free sampling on Google Play or other digital outlets could help bolster the box office results for an indie film like Rememory . While we wait for more details , take a look at the trailer and poster below .
Amid global calls to restore peace and stability in Myanmar 's northern Rakhine , the Lashkar-e-Taiba 's ( LeT ) charitable wing , the Falah-i-Insaniat Foundation ( FIF ) , has reached out to the Muslim population in the troubled state and has reportedly distributed millions in cash .
According to a report in The Indian Express , propaganda material released online by the organisation claimed that FIF volunteers had distributed `` millions in cash money and blankets among more than 300 besieged Rohingya Muslims '' .
Shahid Mahmood , FIF 's head of foreign operations said in an online statement that the FIF intended to “ start its relief activities in all areas of Burma where Muslims are besieged '' .
The claim was backed by Bangladesh-based intelligence officials , who told The Indian Express that `` the group had been operating in refugee camps near the town of Cox 's Bazaar , with the help of local Islamist groups '' .
Rohingya leaders based in Dubai and Pakistan are now enlisting the support of Lashkar-e-Taiba affiliate Jamaat-ud Dawah ( JuD ) towards the cause of the Rohingya settlers in Pakistan and other countries including India , according to the latest intelligence reports , The Times of India said .
The report states that Firdous Sheikh , the Dubai-based president of Rohingya Federation of Arakan , had visited Pakistan last month and had attended seminars in support of Rohingya Muslims .
During this visit , he met Naveed Qamar , JuD 'amir ' based in Karachi , along with Noor Hussain , Pakistan-based leader of Rohingya Solidarity Organisation and president of the Burmese Muslim Welfare Organisation .
The FIF claim seems to confirm India 's stand , which had stated that it had adequate intelligence to confirm LeT 's role in radicalising Rohingyas with its ‘ so-called charitable avatar and then through frontmen ' in the Rakhine state in Myanmar .
According to a report in Hindustan Times , India first grew suspicious of LeT involvement in 2012-13 when it got inputs from Bangladesh and suspected that Rohingya radicals and LeT had a hand in the blasts that rocked Bodh Gaya , the report said .
LeT founder Hafiz Saeed has also been vocal in accusing India of aiding the Myanmar regime in its persecution of Rohingyas . In an unauthenticated video , he had urged the Rohingya Muslims of fleeing Myanmar to 'join jihad ' .
According to a DNA report , the video shows LeT and JuD chief calling on the Rohingya to wage a 'holy war ' if they are threatened .
Responding to Saeed 's calls , the Union home ministry had submitted an affidavit to the Supreme Court on the deportation of Rohingya immigrants to Myanmar and had called them a `` security threat to India '' .
In the affidavit , the government said it had reports from security agencies and other credible sources `` indicating linkages of some of the unauthorised Rohingya immigrants with Pakistan-based terror organisations and similar organisations operating in other countries '' .
With inputs from agencies
New Delhi : Software industry , under the aegis of Nasscom , on Monday sought a resolution of the issues related to service tax refunds and GST during the pre-budget meeting with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley .
`` We discussed issues related to Place of Effective Management ( POEM ) , service tax , and tax refunds , '' Nasscom President R Chandrashekhar told reporters after the meeting .
The software industry , along with other IT associations like ELCINA ( Electronic Industries Association of India ) , MAIT ( Manufacturers ' Association for Information Technology ) and TEMA ( Telecom Equipment Manufacturers Association of India ) also met the ministry as part of the discussions .
IT and electronics components industry sought imposition of duty on those technology and telecom products which fall outside the purview of IT Agreement signed by India .
Such a move would boost domestic IT and Telecom manufacturing in the country , industry officials said .
Jaitley is gearing up to present the Union Budget 2018-19 , possibly on 1 February .
SHERIDAN — The Sheridan County Historical Society and Museum will celebrate the holiday season with a two-day open house Dec. 16 and 17 .
The doors will open at 9 a.m. with free admission and a 10 percent discount on merchandise in the Museum Shop . Light refreshments will be on hand , and activities and events are planned for both days .
Saturday , the museum will offer Tidbit Saturday at 10 a.m. and an ugly sweater contest at 2 p.m .
Sunday , a flute quartet , Flutes of Christmas , will perform at 1 p.m. with local musician Terry Garretson performing at 2 p.m .
For more information , call 307-675-1150 . The Sheridan County Museum is located at 850 Sibley Circle .
Mr Joseph Mensah Forson , General Manager , Electricity Company of Ghana ( ECG ) - Volta Region has declared the intension to attain 110 per cent revenue target for the Region in 2018 .
“ We are working on improving our 2017 revenue collection of 106 per cent to 110 per cent this year . We are pursuing excellence and must meet that target , ” he said .
Mr Forson , who was speaking to the Ghana News Agency after a media encounter , said the capacity challenge faced by the Company during the nationwide change of billing system from the Customer Billing Information System ( CBIS ) to Commercial Management System ( CMS ) dropped the Region 's revenue drastically by 78 per cent in 2016 .
He said following those challenges , the Region decided to operate a dedicated leadership style , which yielded positive results in 106 per cent revenue increment .
Mr Forson said the leadership style included staff engagements , creation of “ teamwork , network and hard work ” policy and ensuring complete change of attitude towards work .
He commended the media for its role in building the “ Team Volta ” brand of ECG and called for more support to meet targets set for 2018 .
The annual media encounter seeks to solicit feedback from the media on the performance of the Company in the previous year .
Source : GNA
Since Alex Gelhar already masterfully identified some of the top waiver wire targets ahead of Week 15 , Matt Harmon examined top deep league adds in his deep dive , and Marcas Grant supplied you with some players that can safely be dropped , it 's my job to provide some streaming candidates at quarterback , tight end and defense for the upcoming slate of games . Keep in mind , most of these players/teams are bottom-of-the-barrel targets for deep leagues , and I 'm not saying they 're going to be top scorers at their position , but they should do enough to keep your team competitive in Week 15 if you need some assistance . So , let 's get to it .
* Ownership percentage data from NFL.com fantasy leagues .
QUARTERBACKS
Blake Bortles vs Texans | 16.3 percent owned : The Jaguars much-maligned quarterback has top-10 fantasy finishes in each of his last three games with a fantasy points per game average of 22.06 in that span . Blake Bortles keeps finding ways to produce fantasy points for those bold enough to play him and has racked up six total touchdowns and thrown just one interception in his last three contests . A matchup in Week 15 against the Houston Texans sorry secondary that is allowing the fourth highest FPPG to opposing signal callers means Bortles can be added off the waiver wire and started in the fantasy playoffs . And with another favorable matchup against the 49ers in Week 16 , Blake Bortles just might help to win you fantasy football championship .
Joe Flacco at Browns | 4.7 percent owned : Joe Flacco has actually been producing of late , throwing for 269 pass yards in each of his last two games with a 4:1 TD : INT ratio in that span . Those performances have netted Flacco 18.66 and 16.76 fantasy points respectively , which is a major progression from earlier in the year . With Alex Collins balancing out the Ravens offense , Flacco seems more comfortable and has posted a 97 passer rating over the last two weeks . He 'll head to Cleveland to face a Browns defense that is tied for the most touchdown passes allowed , 26 , in all football and has just six interceptions all season . Do n't expect any kind of ceiling from Flacco , but his floor should be enough to get you by .
Nick Foles at Giants | 0.1 percent owned : The most depressing news in the aftermath of Week 14 is Carson Wentz 's season-ending knee injury . Now , Nick Foles will step in and attempt to keep the Eagles ' stellar season afloat . Foles has a few factors in his favor in terms of his outlook for fantasy . First of all , he 's insulated with loads of surrounding talent . From Alshon Jeffery to Nelson Agholor to Zach Ertz ( who will hopefully be back ) and a deep backfield , Foles has a plethora of options to help him produce . And the matchup against the Giants is favorable too , as New York 's defense has just seven interceptions the entire season , and has allowed a league-worst ( tied ) 26 passing touchdowns . Foles has NFL experience and we 've seen him produce before , so while he 's a last-gasp option in the fantasy playoffs , there is some reason for positivity here .
Jameis Winston vs Falcons | 68 percent owned : I have said it before and I 'll say it again . Right now , Jameis Winston is not a good real-football quarterback , but he remains an option as a streamer as a fantasy football quarterback . In Week 14 against the Lions , Winston went without a touchdown pass until the fourth quarter . But by the time the game was over , he had two scores and had piled up at least 270 pass yards for the second straight game . Obviously his two picks dinged his 14.4 fantasy point total , but he came through with a serviceable floor . He , like many of our streamers , is surrounded by talented options , which always helps when looking for upside . He has a decently favorable matchup against the Falcons who have allowed the sixth most fantasy points per game to quarterbacks over the last month . Just know , if you roll with Winston , you have to be prepared for a complete disaster .
Case Keenum vs Bengals | 24.6 percent owned : I mean , get with the program people . Case Keenum has produced at least 16 fantasy points in six straight games now , and has reached the 20-plus mark twice . Even in a bad matchup on the road in Carolina last week , Keenum managed 19 fantasy points thanks to his 280 pass yards , two touchdowns and 40 rush yards . And he did all that while throwing two interceptions and suffering through some awful drops by his top pass-catchers . A home matchup against a Bengals squad that is pretty much circling the drain at this point is exactly what Keenum needs for another ceiling-type of game .
Jimmy Garoppolo vs Titans | 9.0 percent owned : If Jimmy Garoppolo is still hanging around on your wire , he 's worth consideration at the very least . Since taking over as the 49ers starter , Jimmy G has led San Francisco to two straight wins . He 's also averaged over 300 pass yards per game in that two-game sample , and has proven he can move this offense despite the lack of receiving talent he has to work with . Not to take anything away from Marquise Goodwin and Trent Taylor , but they 're definitely not A-listers . This week , Garoppolo gets a home matchup against Titans secondary that has been leaking fantasy points to quarterbacks all season .
TIGHT ENDS :
O.J . Howard vs Falcons | 9.5 percent owned : For some strange reason , not sure if it was injury related or otherwise , Cameron Brate played just 33 percent of the Buccaneers snaps in Week 15 following a two-touchdown game the prior week . Meanwhile , rookie O.J . Howard was on the field for 56 of a possible 69 offensive snaps , and hauled in four receptions for 54 yards ( second on the team ) and a touchdown . Howard should be added ahead of what could be a high-scoring affair next Monday night at home against the Falcons .
Vernon Davis vs Cardinals | 27.1 percent owned : The veteran has put himself back on the streaming radar following a seven-target game in Week 14 . Vernon Davis ' seven looks lead all Redskins pass-catchers , and while he only hauled in two catches for 26 yards , one of them was a touchdown . Davis has been frustrating for fantasy purposes the last few weeks with a combined 4/41/1 line over his last three contests , but he needs to be considered as a low-end option ahead of a Week 15 matchup against the Cardinals .
Charles Clay vs Dolphins | 14.2 percent owned : Throw away Charles Clay 's stat line from Week 14 as the game was played in blizzard conditions . But over the last four games , Clay ranks third in Buffalo with 16 targets and has 12 receptions for 118 yards in that span . Reports out of Buffalo following Week 14 point to receiver Kelvin Benjamin having suffered a setback with his injured knee , and the injury could potentially sideline him for Week 15 . That would open up more opportunities for Clay in the passing game , and his matchup against the Dolphins is favorable . Miami is allowing the fourth-most fantasy points per game to tight ends this year , and that includes eight touchdowns surrendered to the position , making Clay an ideal streamer .
Trey Burton vs Giants | 3.4 percent owned : Trey Burton is a must-own at the moment , as we 're unaware of Zach Ertz 's status for Week 15 . If Ertz ( concussion ) is cleared , Burton can be dropped , but based on his performance last week , 5/71/2 , and a matchup against the Giants ( the worst team in the NFL at defending tight ends ) make sure you roster Burton in case Ertz ca n't go .
DEFENSES ( D/STs )
New Orleans Saints D/ST vs New York Jets | 22.5 percent owned : The Jets starting quarterback is set to be Bryce Petty in Week 15 , making the Saints a top streaming target in Week 15 . Josh McCown 's season is over after suffering a hand injury that will require surgery , so Petty is the next man up . Here 's the thing : Petty is n't very good . On 133 pass attempts last season , he threw seven picks and just three touchdown passes . That means he threw an interception , on average , on every 19 pass attempts . New Orleans picked off Matt Ryan three times last week , and that was with a less-than 100 percent Marshon Lattimore . After 10 days off , the Saints D/ST is in a prime spot to produce at home against a less than mediocre quarterback .
Dallas Cowboys D/ST vs Oakland Raiders | 14.5 percent owned : The Dallas defense has taken advantage of some juicy matchups of late , dominating the Redskins banged-up offensive line back in Week 13 , collecting four turnovers and notching two more in Week 14 against the Giants . Now , the Cowboys head to Oakland to take on a Raiders team that has failed to produce 300 yards of offense five separate times this year , and either punted or turned the ball over on their first eight possessions on Sunday . Dallas has allowed a combined 24 total points to their opposition in the last two games , and are trending up , both in real and fantasy football .
Buffalo Bills D/ST vs Miami Dolphins | 18.2 percent owned : When this article was first published , the Dolphins had yet to play in Week 14 , but that should n't matter much . The Dolphins offense is one of the worst in the NFL averaging the fourth-fewest total yards per game at a rate of 292.6 . Buffalo will welcome Miami into their cold home arena next Sunday , where they 've averaged 6.7 fantasy points this season . Plus , the Dolphins are allowing the fourth-most fantasy points per game ( 11.17 ) to opposing D/ST units this season . It 's not rocket science . The Dolphins are a team to target when streaming defenses .
Detroit Lions D/ST vs Chicago Bears | 30.3 percent owned : After a hot start , the Detroit D/ST has not been consistent for fantasy purposes in recent weeks , but they did get back into double-digits against the Buccaneers on Sunday . The Lions provided 13 fantasy points in Week 14 thanks to three sacks , two picks and three fumble recoveries . And that was on the road . Now , the Lions get a home matchup against a Bears team that 's only won four games all season . Chicago is a bottom-10 team in terms of fantasy points allowed to oppose D/STs on the season and average just 291.6 yards of offense per game , the third-worst mark in all football . It 's nice for the Bears when they can get their run game in a groove , but those opportunities have been few and far between , making Detroit a streaming option in Week 15 .
-- Follow Matt on :
Instagram @ mattfranchise . ( Tune in to his IG Live sessions every Sunday morning . )
Twitter @ MattFranchise . ( You may @ me . I may or may not block you . )
Facebook Matt Franciscovich NFL . ( Need them likes , yo . )
REUTERS : Twenty-two players and officials from Laos and Cambodia have been banned for life from football-related activities for their involvement in match-fixing , Asian soccer 's governing body ( AFC ) said on Wednesday .
The individuals were involved in the manipulation of matches involving the representative teams of Laos and the club side Lao Toyota FC , the AFC said .
Fifteen of the banned individuals are current or former Laos or Lao Toyota FC players .
In November , the AFC provisionally suspended four Laos soccer internationals over their involvement in the scandal .
The four , Saynakhonevieng Phommapanya , Chintana Souksavath , Moukda Souksavath and Phatthana Syvilay , are among the 22 who have now been banned for life .
( Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru , editing by Larry King )
Bournemouth captain Simon Francis has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him at the Vitality Stadium until the end of 2019-20 season , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
REUTERS : Bournemouth captain Simon Francis has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him at the Vitality Stadium until the end of 2019-20 season , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
The 33-year-old defender , who had one year remaining on his previous deal , has made 286 appearances for the Cherries since arriving from Charlton Athletic in 2011 .
Advertisement
`` The most important thing was to retain our Premier League status for another year and then once that was achieved it was a chance to sit down and discuss things , '' Francis told the club website http : //www.afcb.co.uk .
`` It all happened fairly quickly because negotiations do n't take too long when a player wants to stay at the club . ''
Eddie Howe 's Bournemouth finished 12th in the Premier League with 44 points to secure a fourth consecutive campaign in top-flight football .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; editing by Ken Ferris )
Advertisement
The Nigeria Football Federation have confirmed that injured Moses Simon is on the way to London with the other 24 Super Eagles who survived the cut on Wednesday .
According to an NFF press release , captain Mikel Obi and 24 other players left on a chartered flight from Abuja to London on Wednesday afternoon .
The Super Eagles will train at the Wembley Stadium ( venue of Saturday 's clash with England 's Three Lions ) between 5pm and 6pm on Friday , after a pre-match press conference scheduled for the Stadium 's conference room at 4.15pm .
Saturday 's encounter , the third official match between two countries with considerable historical affinity , will start at 5.15pm .
Gent forward Simon , who was earlier ruled out of the finals due to injury , will undergo further medical checks in the United Kingdom to ascertain the seriousness of his injury .
Junior Lokosa , Uche Agbo , Stephen Eze and Dele Ajiboye were dropped earlier on Wednesday .
THE TEAM
Goalkeepers : Francis Uzoho ; Daniel Akpeyi ; Ikechukwu Ezenwa
Defenders : Abdullahi Shehu ; Olaoluwa Aina ; Tyronne Ebuehi ; William Ekong ; Leon Balogun ; Chidozie Awaziem ; Elderson Echiejile ; Kenneth Omeruo ; Bryan Idowu
Midfielders : Wilfred Ndidi ; Mikel John Obi ; Ogenyi Onazi ; John Ogu ; Mikel Agu ; Oghenekaro Etebo ; Joel Obi
Forwards : Odion Ighalo ; Simeon Nwankwo ; Alex Iwobi ; Ahmed Musa ; Kelechi Iheanacho . Moses Simon ( further checks in the UK ) ; Victor Moses ( to join team in London )
Relief Yourself from Laryngitis with Simple Home Remedies
Maybe you cheered too loudly or sung your heart out at a concert . Or you are fighting flu or cold . You could have to pay the price by suffering through laryngitis . This is so painful situation which restricts you to eat properly or talk normally . Sometimes your voice becomes hoarse or scratchy . In some severe issue , it disappears completely . So give relief to your throat by using simple home remedies .
Onion Syrup :
For larynx inflammation , onion syrup is considered as a natural cure . It works due to its property of being natural expectorant .
Take 3 to 4 onions and cut them into medium-sized onions . Simmer the onion pieces in 4 glass of water until the mixture solidifies to a syrup . Take the glass of warm and mix 5 tablespoons of onion syrup . Add some drops of lemon juice and 1 tablespoon of honey . Sip this mixture gradually .
Lemon Juice :
Lemon juice relieves different symptoms of laryngitis . The acidic nature of lemon juice destroys viruses and bacteria . Plus , it assists loosen mucus .
Squeeze lemon juice into the glass of warm water . Add the ½ half teaspoon of sea salt . If sea salt is not available then you can use simple salt . Gargle with solution many times per day .
Garlic :
Garlic helps in killing viruses and bacteria , due to antimicrobial property . It heals the Laryngitis due to natural expectorant .
Take chew garlic clove and swallow it . There is also another option . Chop several garlic cloves and put them into a jar . Cover the jar with equal parts of unfiltered and raw apple cider vinegar . Shake jar properly and mix contents thoroughly . Allow it for 4 hours . Add some raw honey to it . Store it in a refrigerator . Have 1 to 3 teaspoons of this garlic syrup for every six to eight hours .
Slippery Elm :
Slippery elm is very helpful in relieving inflammation and throat irritation . It contains mucilage which converts it in to get when it is mixed with water .
Mix some portion of slippery elm in water and wait until it converts into the gel . Swallow this gel on the routine basis and it will help you in relieving the sore throat .
However , you can also try slippery elm lozenges .
Warm Salt Water :
Warm salt water is very useful in destroying bacteria . It works great and promotes healing of your inflamed sore throat and vocal cords . Add the ½ half teaspoon of salt in the cup of warm water . Repeat this process many times .
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
Highlights from day four of the French Open tennis championships on Wednesday ( all times GMT ) :
PARIS : Highlights from day four of the French Open tennis championships on Wednesday ( all times GMT ) :
1810 STEPHENS ROLLS INTO THIRD ROUND
Advertisement
U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens moved into the third round with a comfortable 6-2 6-2 win over Polish qualifier Magdalena Frech .
The American struck 17 winners and never faced a break point in a one-sided match lasting just over an hour .
1745 WOZNIACKI SENDS GARCIA PEREZ PACKING
Second seed Caroline Wozniacki produced a ruthless display to beat Spain 's Georgina Garcia Perez 6-1 6-0 in 51 minutes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
1650 DIMITROV OUTLASTS DONALDSON
Fourth seed Grigor Dimitrov secured a decisive break in the 17th game of the final set to beat American Jared Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) 6-4 4-6 6-4 10-8 in the second round .
It was the Bulgarian 's 50th Grand Slam match-win as he matched his best Roland Garros performance by reaching the third round for the third time .
1630 NISHIKORI BREAKS FRENCH HEARTS
Japan 's Kei Nishikori battled past home favourite Benoit Paire 6-3 2-6 4-6 6-2 6-3 to book a third round spot after three hours on Court Philippe-Chatrier .
1615 ZVEREV SURVIVES SCARE
World number three Alexander Zverev survived a scare from unseeded Dusan Lajovic to beat the Serb 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2 in the second round .
It was the German 's 32nd win of the season and he will face Bosnian Damir Dzumhur for a place in the last 16 .
1600 GOFFIN CRUISES THROUGH
Eighth seed Belgian David Goffin produced a clinical display to reach the third round for a fourth straight year , defeating Frenchman Corentin Moutet 7-5 6-0 6-1 .
1515 DOUBLES DELIGHT FOR WILLIAMS SISTERS
Serena and Venus Williams won their first doubles match together since lifting the 2016 Wimbledon title , defeating Japanese pair Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato 4-6 6-4 6-1 in the opening round .
1355 KEYS OUTPLAYS DOLEHIDE
American Madison Keys , seeded 13th , struck 21 winners on her way to a 6-4 6-1 second-round victory over compatriot Caroline Dolehide .
1330 DJOKOVIC BOOKS THIRD ROUND SPOT
Former champion Novak Djokovic continued his steady progress with a 7-6 ( 1 ) 6-4 6-4 victory over Spain 's Jaume Munar . The Serb extending his winning run to 17 matches against qualifiers at Grand Slam events .
He will make his 13th third round appearance at Roland Garros against Spain 's Roberto Bautista Agut , who beat Colombian Santiago Giraldo 6-4 7-5 6-3 .
1315 CHARDY STUNS BERDYCH IN FIVE-SET THRILLER
Local favourite Jeremy Chardy recovered well in the final set to beat 17th seed Tomas Berdych 7-6 ( 5 ) 7-6 ( 8 ) 1-6 5-7 6-2 in a rain-delayed second round encounter .
World number 86 Chardy will meet fellow Frenchman Pierre-Hugues Herbert for a place in the last-16 .
1250 SVITOLINA HAILS HOME SUPPORT
Fourth seed Elina Svitolina hopes Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko 's interest in tennis could boost the sport 's development in her home country .
Poroshenko last week congratulated Svitolina on Twitter following her Italian Open triumph .
`` It 's very nice of him that he follows the sport , '' Svitolina told reporters . `` And hopefully , we 're going to now have not only attention but also maybe someone could invest some money into Ukrainian tennis for our juniors , for our upcoming generation .
`` You know , I know that our federation is also working really hard to build the centre where juniors and the small girls and boys can train . ''
1230 CARRENO BUSTA BATTLES PAST DELBONIS
Pablo Carreno Busta 's nifty movement and measured approach proved decisive in a 7-6 ( 0 ) 7-6 ( 2 ) 3-6 6-4 win over Federico Delbonis of Argentina .
The 10th-seeded Spaniard will next face Italian Marco Cecchinato for a place in the last-16 .
1110 HALEP PREVAILS
World number one Simona Halep , chasing a maiden Grand Slam title , secured a 2-6 6-1 6-1 win over American Alison Riske in the opening round .
Romanian Halep , twice runner-up at Roland Garros , will next face American Taylor Townsend , who is ranked 72 in the world .
1045 OSAKA MARCHES ON
Japan 's Naomi Osaka , seeded 21st , booked a place in the third round with a 6-4 7-5 win over Zarina Diyas of Kazakhstan .
1035 SVITOLINA ADVANCES
Fourth seed Elina Svitolina , who has won three WTA titles so far this season , progressed to the third round with an impressive 6-3 6-4 win over Viktoria Kuzmova of Slovakia .
1020 KVITOVA EASES INTO THIRD ROUND
Twice Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova produced a sublime performance to beat Spain 's Lara Arruabarrena 6-0 6-4 in the second round .
The 28-year-old Czech , seeded eighth , struck 27 winners and converted five break-point opportunities to wrap up the match in just over an hour .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas and Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Ed Osmond )
United Nations : UN chief Antonio Guterres has warned that any country supporting terrorism will ultimately have to pay a `` high price '' and offered his good offices to promote cooperation between Pakistan and Afghanistan to jointly fight the menace .
The Secretary-General arrived in Kabul on Wednesday and held bilateral meetings with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and the country 's Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah .
Later addressing reporters , the UN chief was asked about documents and proofs submitted by the Afghan government regarding involvement of Pakistan in `` equipping and funding '' terrorism and whether those documents had been considered by the world body .
`` Those are areas of competence of the Security Council of the United Nations . What I am supposed to do as Secretary General is to use my good offices to promote the cooperation between the two countries for them to be able to fight together the threat of terrorism , '' Guterres said .
He noted that Ghani and Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had met in Astana on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( SCO ) summit .
Guterres said he too had met prime minister Sharif in the Kazakh capital and his `` objective is to do everything that is possible to facilitate and promote the cooperation of the two countries in addressing together the threat of terrorism '' .
`` That is important not only for the two countries but for the whole world . We have seen horrible terrorist attacks in Afghanistan , like the last ones in Kabul , horrible terrorist attacks in Pakistan and attacks around the world . It is time to unite against terrorism and that is my objective as Secretary-General of the United Nations , '' Guterres added .
The UN chief was also asked about a number of countries in the region , particularly `` Iran and China '' , which are beginning to support insurgent groups .
Guterres strongly rejected such claims saying , `` I do not subscribe to the accusations . ''
He , however , added that his message to `` any country that supports terrorism anywhere in the world is that this is the wrong thing to do and if any country supports terrorism one day in relation to other countries , sooner or later the price paid will be high in relations to terrorism within the country itself . ''
Since his time as the UN High Commissioner for Refugees , Guterres has been paying a solidarity visit to Muslim communities during the holy month of Ramazan , and his visit to Afghanistan was a continuation of his expression of solidarity with them .
`` Peace is the solution ... the international community , the neighbouring countries [ and ] all those related to the Afghan crisis need to come together and understand that this is a war that has no military solution , '' the Secretary-General said .
`` We need to have peace , '' he added , underscoring that at the same time , the level of humanitarian assistance to the country had to be increased and conditions needed to be created for Afghanis to be able to live in dignity .
While in Kabul , the UN chief met with displaced men and women from the Kapisa province , now living in a settlement on the outskirts of Kabul .
In their interaction , the displaced persons underscored that security remained the prerequisite for their return to their homes and that education , including for women and girls was critical for supporting themselves and their families .
They also stressed their need for medical care .
Canadians wounded in the horrific Las Vegas mass shooting can apply for Nevada 's victims of crime program to help pay for costly medical bills up to $ 35,000 , but that limit could be increased Global News has learned .
The program which offers assistance to anyone who is “ a victim of violent crime in Nevada , involving physical injury , threat of physical injury or death . ”
A spokesperson for The Nevada Department of Administration , which administers the program , confirmed that Canadians could also apply to help pay for medical bills , mental health counselling , wage or income loss and funeral expenses .
“ Anyone who was present at the time of the shooting can apply for assistance , ” said Mary Woods , a public information officer for the Nevada Department of Administration , in a statement . “ Typically the funding from the Victims of Crime Program goes directly to a facility to reimburse for care or services . However , there are instances where individuals will get reimbursed directly . ”
WATCH : B.C . man survives bullet in back of the head during Las Vegas shooting
Woods said that while the program is usually capped at $ 35,000 that number could potentially increase given the severity of the shooting which killed 58 people , including four Canadians , and injured hundreds more .
“ Should we get to that point , there are mechanisms in place to potentially increase the funding limit , ” Woods said , adding her agency is also committed to “ working with providers from Canada to ensure counselling bills get paid . ”
READ MORE : Las Vegas survivors could face expensive medical bills
Some Canadians who suffered gunshot wounds that required major surgery faced potentially staggering medical bills after the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history .
Hudson Mack , whose 21-year-old son Sheldon did n't buy travel health insurance before crossing the border , said the medical bills could be “ catastrophic . ”
“ It 's a lesson to Canadians to not cross the border without coverage , ” Mack told the Canadian Press .
Joseph Lambourne , whose wife was shot in the stomach , was concerned about the costs of care and getting her home to Manitoba .
“ She can only take about three steps , ” he told Global News from the Valley Hospital Medical Center on Thursday . “ It 's going to be a long road to recovery . ”
Woods said they have already received nearly 500 applications . She said that anyone apply for the funding should reference “ Route 91 ” or “ Las Vegas mass shooting ” in addition to indicating their physical or emotional injuries .
READ MORE : Thousands mourn slain cop as probe into Stephen Paddock 's motive continues
The Canadian government has a program that provides financial assistance for Canadians victimized abroad but has a limit of $ 10,000 and does n't cover lost wages .
In the wake of the shooting , dozens of crowdfunding campaigns have been created to help victims . One campaign started by Clark County Commission Chair Steve Sisolak , a Democrat running for governor , has raised more than $ 9 million of its $ 15-million goal .
Online crowdfunding pages at GoFundMe have been created to help the families of three Canadians killed in the mass shooting , including Calla Medig , Jessica Klymchuk , Tara Roe , Jordan McIldoon . Campaigns have also been created to help Braden Matejka , Sheldon Mack and Ryan Sarrazin who were injured .
Will McAleer , president of the Travel Health Insurance Association of Canada , says the tragedy underscores the importance of having a travel insurance policy . He said when surgeries , rehabilitation , and air transport are taken into account , violent injuries from gunshots can cost US $ 300,000 or higher .
“ Travellers are enjoying their vacations and then something like this happens , ” McAleer said . “ And whether it 's New York , Edmonton , whether it 's Orlando , or London , it 's becoming all too common an occurrence . ”
* With a file from the Canadian Press
Related Coverage House Republicans release partisan memo on Russia probe
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Former FBI Director James Comey has scorned the memo that was released by House Republicans after being declassified by President Donald Trump , saying it does n't add up to much .
His assessment on Twitter was : “ That 's it ? ”
Comey called the memo “ dishonest and misleading ” and not worth the damage it 's done to public trust in U.S. intelligence agencies .
That 's it ? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee , destroyed trust with Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with FISA court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen . For what ? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs . — James Comey ( @ Comey ) February 2 , 2018
After being declassified by Trump , the memo was released Friday by House Republicans . It claims the FBI abused its surveillance powers in the Russia investigation .
The FBI , Justice Department and Democrats furiously lobbied Trump to stop the release , saying it could harm national security and mislead the public .
Since his firing last May , Comey has made his personal feelings about Trump known , testifying in detail about personal interactions he says troubled him .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Controversy surrounds PTSD bill for first responders
A group is pushing for a bill that would compensate first responders for wages lost during treatment for post traumatic stress disorder .
Under current law , first responders must have a physical injury to qualify for workers ' compensation , according to WTSP .
HB 227 has already received some pushback from the Florida League of Cities , a group that represents a number of Florida cities including Cape Coral .
“ Unfortunately , our tax payers are ultimately going to have to fund any new benefit and so cost has to be a part of the discussion at some point . So we 're bringing up the cost associated with the new benefit , ” said David Cruz , the legislative counsel to Florida League of Cities .
But Rep. Katie Edwards-Walpole , ( D ) , of Fort Lauderdale , is n't buying it .
“ I find it distasteful , I find it lacking in humanity , and I find it just downright shameful . The position to say that this bill is not necessary , ” Edwards-Walpole said .
At first the City of Cape Coral opposed the bill , but the city 's public affairs manager Connie Barron released the following statement Friday stating they initially based their decision on inaccurate information .
“ Our opposition to HB 227 was based solely on information provided by the Florida League of Cities stating the PTSD benefit already was available to first responders without restriction , which was not accurate … At this time , we see no reason to oppose this legislation . ”
Reporter : Oliver Redsten
The Green Bay Packers have padded their offensive line .
The team announced Wednesday that Byron Bell has been signed to an undisclosed deal .
The 29-year-old Bell spent last season as a backup to All-Pro Cowboys left tackle Tyron Smith , playing 243 snaps on the year .
Bell 's biggest workload came early in his career as a four-year starting tackle for the Panthers from 2011 to 2014 . He joined the Titans in 2015 , but has n't been the same since missing the 2016 campaign with an ankle injury .
Bell can also play left guard . He looms as sub-starter material , notoriously helping try to fill in for Smith last season during a Week 10 tilt against the Falcons that saw Atlanta pass rusher Adrian Clayborn explode for an extraordinary six sacks .
Bell can also play left guard , but looms as sub-starter material .
The Packers have David Bakhtiari locked in at left tackle , but Bryan Bulaga remains on the mend from last year 's ACL injury . The hope in Green Bay is that Bell wo n't be asked to shoulder the load of a starting role .
Here 's another player transaction from Wednesday :
1 . The Los Angeles Chargers signed former UCLA tight end Austin Roberts after losing Hunter Henry for the 2018 season last week because of a torn ACL .
Make sure there are fresh batteries in the remote in what could be the greatest night of Toronto sports viewing in the TV age .
Five local teams are playing Wednesday evening , four of them in playoff or title games , as well as the Blue Jays ' regular-season home game against their great rivals , the Boston Red Sox .
The Leafs and Raptors , MLSE 's two principal properties , start a half hour apart . In the hockey team 's case , it 's the seventh and deciding game of the best-of-seven first-round playoff series in Boston . The Leafs fought back from a 3-1 deficit to force the series to its limit .
The conflict with Game 5 of Raptors-Wizards series necessitates multiple screens for the tailgate viewing party in Maple Leaf Square . At the same time , the Leafs farm team , the Marlies , will try to close out its AHL best-of-five series against the Utica Comets on the road .
When all that 's done , barring overtime and/or extra innings for the Jays , Toronto FC will play for the CONCACAF Champions League title against Chivas in Guadalajara , Mexico .
If quintuple split-screen technology is n't here yet , this is a test case , but viewers can always go out to mingle with Leaf sweaters , Jays hats and TFC scarves .
“ It 's going to be wild on Wednesday , ” said Tommy , a bartender at King St. West 's Wheat Sheaf Tavern , which boasts being Toronto 's oldest pub . “ Our priority is to show the Leafs with the sound up , but it will depend on how many people want to see another one of the games .
“ We have many TVs but , only so many cable boxes . I ca n't recall a time like this in Toronto sports , but it 's going to be a great . ”
Outside the ACC , MLSE will feature the basketball game on its main screen because it 's a Raptors home game , with the Leafs on a smaller temporary set-up at the end of Bremner Blvd . and York St. A third screen will show TFC-Chivas .
“ This is a big night for the Leafs , Raptors and TFC ; for our fans and for our city , ” Nick Eaves , Chief Venues and Operations Officer at MLSE , said in a release . “ This is a logistical challenge that we are thrilled to face and an experience that we are excited to deliver for our fans . ”
With the event coming a day after the terrible van attack north of the downtown core that took 10 lives on Monday and injured many others , Eaves thanked “ our partners at the City of Toronto and Toronto Police Service for their help delivering a safe and positive event for our fans to celebrate our teams and our city . ”
Leafs defenceman Jake Gardiner said his mates have certainly noticed the surge of excitement around the city the past few days .
“ You look outside our building last night . It 's a fun city when the playoffs are on , ” said Gardiner , whose team hopes to be the first since the 1942 Leafs to come back from 3-1 . “ Everyone is excited , everyone is behind you . ”
TAKE YOUR PICK
Leafs at Boston — 7:30 p.m. TD Garden
Wizards at Raptors — 7 p.m. Air Canada Centre
Red Sox at Blue Jays — 7:07 p.m. Rogers Centre
TFC at Guadalajara — 9:30 p.m. Estadio Akron
Marlies at Utica — 7 p.m. Adirondack Bank Center
lhornby @ postmedia.com
TORONTO — Tosaint Ricketts remains sidelined with a thyroid abnormality that has seen him miss multiple preseason games , the Toronto Sun has learned .
Toronto FC 's third-choice striker travelled to Los Angeles last week but has since been held out of training .
It 's unclear when Ricketts could return to action . The club has n't put a timeline on the Canadian international 's recovery .
Toronto FC returns to Toronto Saturday night after wrapping its first leg of preseason with a 2-2 draw against Los Angeles FC Friday afternoon .
The Reds head to Mexico on Tuesday to resume preseason . The club has scheduled friendlies against Club America and Pachuca .
Ricketts ' health concerns come after coach Greg Vanney told the Sun this week he 's looking for one of TFC 's forward prospects — Ben Spencer , Jordan Hamilton , Ayo Akinola — to contribute this season .
An eight-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her elder brother , also a minor , in northwest Delhi 's Adarsh Nagar , police said on Wednesday.Police received information from a local hospital on Monday that a girl , who was bleeding profusely from her private parts , had been brought in , a senior officer said.The girl told a counsellor that her elder brother forced himself on her while their parents were away , the officer said . The parents returned home in the evening to find the girl bleeding and rushed her to a hospital , he said , adding that the boy has been detained.Delhi Commission for Women ( DCW ) chief Swati Maliwal visited the victim on Wednesday. “ She sustained severe injuries and had to undergo a major operation . Currently , she is in a serious condition , ” the DCW said in a statement . “ The girl 's parents are daily wage labourers and are very poor , ” it added.The commission said it would support the girl 's treatment and file a case to seek compensation for her . “ Crimes against women and girls are on a rise in the country and concerted steps have to be taken by governments against them , ” Maliwal said. “ The commission shall be assisting the survivor in all ways possible to recover from the trauma , ” Maliwal said.According to Delhi Police data , more than two child rape cases are reported in the national capital every day . Till April 30 , 282 cases of child rape were reported compared to 278 last year during the same period . Last year , a total of 894 cases of child rape were reported , data showed .
In a memo to Minnesota districts , the new education secretary decreed wholesale curriculum changes based on the “ traditional Christian-private sector values this country was founded on. ” Her intention , she wrote , is to “ insert truth sections ” into existing courses that have become “ overrun by the libtard agenda . ”
The overhaul will be accompanied by the launch of a “ Visiting Scholars ” program , which will bring “ leading thinkers ” from the business and evangelical communities into classrooms . DeVos believes the program -- free of charge -- should more than offset “ massive funding cuts ” expected to be implemented “ as soon as we can hire someone who can read a spreadsheet . ”
Among the new lesson plans :
Science :
Introduction to Genetic Superiority
Climate Change : When Everywhere Will be as Nice as Phoenix , presented by ExxonMobil
Environmentalism , Solar Energy , and Other Gateways to the Homosexual Lifestyle
What is Your Teacher Hiding ?
History :
The Truth about Slavery : How Negroes Actually Miss the Free Food and Lodging , presented by the Alabama congressional delegation
The Second Amendment : Jesus ' Masterwork
Correcting Historical Myths : The Indians Gave us America Because They Knew They Were Losers and We 'd Do Better , presented by Energy Transfer Partners
Great Statesmen from Stalin to Putin : You Did n't See Black Lives Matter Blocking the Freeway When They Were in Charge , Did You ?
English :
You 'll Never Get a Job Talking Mexican Like That
O'Reilly , Coulter & Hannity : An introduction to the Classics
Wilde , Whitman & Woolfe : Did You Know They Were Homos ?
Economics :
Income Inequality : God Clearly Does n't Like Your Parents , presented by the Southern Baptist Convention
Using Simple Multiplication to Spot Socialism
Your Teacher 's Paid Too Much : Why Mommy and Daddy Could n't Afford Good Presents Last Christmas
International studies :
Mexicans : They 'll Murder You in Your Sleep
You Wo n't be Popular if You Befriend that Muslim Girl
Besides , She Probably has Head Lice
And Her Parents Want to Blow Up Grandma
Health & Human Sexuality :
Unwanted Groping : Really , What 's the Big Deal ?
Knowing Your Rights as a Tanning Salon Gold Card Member
Empathy : It Will Make You Throw Like a Girl
Childhood Obesity : There 's Alway Time to Think About That Later , presented by PepsiCo
Self-Esteem & Personal Safety :
The Glock G43 : Daddy Does n't Have to be Afraid to go to Chuck E. Cheese Anymore , presented by the National Rifle Association
Feminism : How to Ensure No One Ever Loves You
You Would n't be a 5 if You Laid Off the Cupcakes , Sweetheart , a Twitter seminar presented by President Donald Trump
Bullying : This Would n't Happen if You Would Just Act Normal
The inspector-general of police ( IGP ) , Ibrahim Idris , says the anti-grazing law should be put on hold until ranches are established .
Although the law which is in effect in Ekiti and Benue states was meant to check clashes between farmers and herdsmen , it has not achieved that purpose .
Over 100 people have been killed since it was implemented in Benue .
When he appeared before thesenate committee on police on Friday , Idris explained the efforts of the police to quell killings .
A source at the meeting which Idris had with the lawmakers quoted him as saying the clashes between farmers and herdsmen escalated because of the anti-grazing law .
“ He ( IGP ) said the anti-grazing law is the issue and that it should be stopped temporarily but brought back after the ranches have been put in place by the federal government , ” the source said .
“ He blamed the escalation of the clashes on the implementation of the anti-grazing law . ”
The source added that the IGP said about 100 people had been arrested in connection with Benue killings .
He reportedly said they have been charged to court .
The source also said the IGP expressed worry over the presence of armed militias across the state .
Idris said the police would need resources for effective performance .
The IGP appeared before committee after he was summoned to brief the senate on the level of his compliance to its directive .
The lawmakers had given Idris a two-week ultimatum to arrest and prosecute the perpetrators of killings in Benue .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Adex Mining Inc :
* ADEX MINING INC - NOT AWARE OF ANY MATERIAL CHANGE IN OPERATIONS THAT WOULD ACCOUNT FOR RECENT TRADING MOVEMENTS IN CO ‘ S COMMON SHARES Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Over to you .
Most Shared Biggest-ever state lottery winner finally claims $ 177 million win Eliberto Cantu of Lubbock , Texas finally claimed his $ 177 million lottery win today after purchasing the winning Mega Millions ticket on March 30 .
Coal is over The free market 's natural search for cheaper and more efficient energy has taken over and even President Trump and a governing party heavily in denial about climate change can not stop it .
Now and then Almost exactly 10 years before launching a Tomahawk missile strike against a Syrian air base , Donald J. Trump enjoyed a similar triumph in an internationally televised , pay-per-view spectacle called the `` Battle of the Billionaires . ''
Jury awards $ 415,000 in suit against Josh Hastings over suspect 's fatal shooting A federal jury has awarded $ 415,000 in damages in the civil lawsuit against Josh Hastings , a former Little Rock police officer , in the 2012 slaying of Bobby Moore , a suspect in car burglaries at a West Little Rock apartment complex .
From crest to trough An up-and-down experience at Oceans at Arthur 's .
Arkansas News Headlines are not appearing because your browser does not seem to support iframes .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — The Latest from Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights ( all times local ) :
7:40 p.m .
The Washington Capitals are clinging to a 3-2 lead against the Vegas Golden Knights late in the third period in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final .
Vegas had a two-man advantage for 1:09 early in the third , but could n't get the puck past Braden Holtby .
The Golden Knights were outshooting the Capitals 10-2 in the final period of regulation only to be denied time and time again by Holtby .
Washington and Vegas combined to score at least two goals in each period of the opener and in the first and second periods of Game 2 .
Vegas leads the series 1-0 . After Wednesday night , the series shifts to Washington for Games 3 and 4 .
___
7:05 p.m .
The Washington Capitals are 20 minutes away from evening the Stanley Cup Final at one game apiece .
The Capitals have a 3-2 lead against the Vegas Golden Knights after two periods of Game 2 .
Lars Eller pulled the Capitals into a 1-1 tie late in the first period and he assisted as Alex Ovechkin and Brooks Orpik gave them a two-goal cushion that lasted for 8-plus minutes . Shea Theodore feathered a fluttering puck through traffic and past Braden Holtby late in the second period , bringing Vegas within a goal .
Washington 's Jakub Vrana almost restored the two-score lead late in the second period , but hit the right post much to the delight of Vegas goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury .
Holtby went into the third period with 22 saves and Fleury had stopped 17 shots through two periods .
The series shifts to Washington for Games 3 and 4 .
___
6:45 p.m .
The Washington Capitals have earned a rare cushion in the Stanley Cup Final .
Brooks Orpik scored midway through the second period , giving Washington a 3-1 lead over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 .
It marked the first two-goal lead either team had other than the Golden Knights ' empty-net goal in the closing seconds of their 6-4 victory in Game 1 .
___
6:35 p.m .
Alex Ovechkin has scored his first Stanley Cup Final goal , taking advantage of a power play to give Washington its first lead of Game 2 .
Ovechkin one-timed a shot from the bottom of the left circle after Lars Eller 's cross-crease pass to put the Capitals up 2-1 against Vegas . Eller scored a game-tying goal late in the first period .
Ovechkin was in the spotlight more than usual after a relatively quiet performance in the series-opening loss in which he had only one assist . The 13-season veteran might need to step up even more because Evgeny Kuznetsov is questionable to return because of an upper-body injury .
Kuznetsov , the leading scorer in the playoffs , walked off the ice late in the first period after appearing to hurt his left wrist in a check by Brayden McNabb along the boards .
___
6:05 p.m .
The Washington Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights are tied at 1-1 after the first period of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final .
James Neal revved up the home crowd , opening the scoring with a wrist shot past Braden Holtby just 7:58 into the game .
Just as the Capitals did during the series opener , they answered . Lars Eller slapped a shot into an open net late in the first period after missing an opportunity to score late in the Game 1 loss that included a record four lead changes .
Eller scored shortly after the Capitals generated chance at least temporarily making up for the loss of Evgeny Kuznetsov . The leading scorer in the playoffs left the game after getting checked and appearing to hurt his left wrist . Vegas ' Brayden McNabb hit the leading scorer in the playoffs as he had the puck along the boards late in the first period .
Three-time Stanley Cup champion Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 11 shots for the Golden Knights .
Holtby withstood a flurry of shots in the opening minutes and finished the first period with nine saves .
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs . The Capitals also fell behind in every round this postseason and rallied to win .
___
5:35 p.m .
The Vegas Golden Knights lit the lamp first , scoring midway through the opening period of Game 2 just as they did in the Stanley Cup Final opener .
James Neal got behind Washington 's defense and sent a wrist shot from the left circle past Braden Holtby 7:58 into the game .
Vegas also took a 1-0 lead in Game 1 , striking first when Colin Miller scored 7:15 into a game the Golden Knights ended up winning 6-4 .
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs .
It was 98 degrees at game time in Las Vegas .
___
5:25 p.m .
Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is under way in Las Vegas .
Imagine Dragons kicked up the pregame festivities a notch , playing its hit “ Whatever It Takes , ” following the Vegas Golden Knights ' elaborate show that precedes each game .
The Washington Capitals trail Vegas 1-0 but are used to playing from behind . Washington fell behind in each of the first three rounds and rallied to win .
The Capitals opened the playoffs with two losses to Columbus before roaring back to win four straight . They lost Game 1 in the second round against Pittsburgh before bouncing back with a win in Game 2 and eliminating the two-time defending champion Penguins in Game 6 .
Washington won its first two games against Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals , but then lost three straight , forcing the franchise to win two decisive games to advance .
If the Capitals end up winning the Final , they will join the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins as the only Stanley Cup champions to trail in every series .
___
4:20 p.m .
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final , fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert .
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town . Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends .
The Golden Knights ' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold .
___
2:15 p.m .
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years , featuring stars on stage and in the ring .
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list .
And , Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow .
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals , co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes .
There also were big hits , some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night .
Washington 's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas ' Jonathan Marchessault after he passed the puck in Game 1 . Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson .
___
More Stanley Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
MAZAR-I-SHARIF , Afghanistan : Gunmen in Afghanistan kidnapped 52 farmers on Wednesday , most of them members of the minority Uzbek community in the remote northern province of Jowzjan , regional officials said , but the motive for the abductions was not immediately clear .
Afghanistan 's once-stable north has become a hotbed of kidnappings and shootings in recent years , as the militant Taliban gains ground , along with small groups loyal to Islamic State , mostly defectors from the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban .
The men seized in Wednesday 's incident were kidnapped from three villages in the district of Darz Ab in Jowzjan , while they were at work on their land .
Provincial police blamed Taliban fighters that control most of the district .
`` The Taliban is responsible for this act , as they are leading those areas , '' said Mohammad Riza Ghori , a spokesman for the police chief of Jowzjan .
`` A number of elders from Darz Ab , including the police chief , are trying to talk to the Taliban to release these people , and if this does not work , we will launch an operation . ''
He did not give further details of plans for such a rescue operation , however .
A Taliban spokesman , Zabihullah Mujahid , said he was aware of the report , but could not confirm it as he was gathering information .
Jowzjan is the same province where gunmen last week killed six employees of the International Committee of the Red Cross as they helped deliver emergency relief after heavy snow storms .
Two workers were also kidnapped in that attack , which prompted the ICRC to suspend operations in Afghanistan .
Regional officials blamed last week 's attack on Islamic State fighters and the Taliban denied involvement .
However , police spokesman Ghori said there was no Islamic State presence in the area where the farmers were kidnapped , only Taliban .
( Reporting by Abdul Matin Sahak in Mazar-I-Sharif . Writing by Kay Johnson ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
SHERIDAN — Gov . Matt Mead signed the post-conviction factual innocence bill into law , providing the wrongfully convicted with another possible way to prove their innocence . House Bill 26 was introduced by the Wyoming Joint Judiciary Committee and has been championed for several years by Rep. Charles Pelkey , D-Laramie , and the Rocky Mountain Innocence Center , which is dedicated to overturning wrongful convictions in Wyoming , Utah and Nevada .
Under the existing law , there is no time limit for a person to introduce new DNA evidence of innocence , but instead a two-year deadline after conviction to present new non-DNA evidence . The new law removes the time limit and clarifies that new non-DNA evidence may include scientific advancements that discredit forensic evidence used in a conviction .
The legislation was developed by a working group that included the Rocky Mountain Innocence Center , the Office of the Attorney General , the Wyoming Prosecuting Attorneys Association , the Wyoming Trial Lawyers Association and the Office of the State Public Defender .
“ I am thrilled , ” Pelkey said . “ I carried similar measures as an individual legislator ever since I was elected . The key , though , this year was that it was taken as an interim topic by the Judiciary Committee . This year , it made it through without any serious opposition and it 's now signed into law . ”
Rocky Mountain Innocence Center board member and Cheyenne attorney Aaron Lyttle said Wyoming 's law made it nearly impossible to overturn wrongful convictions because DNA evidence is rare and it takes an average of 10 years to investigate innocence claims , track down evidence and put the pieces together .
“ Over the years , Rep. Pelkey and other lawmakers have been committed to fixing the law , and with the help of the working group we now have an excellent solution for the wrongfully convicted to get justice , ” Lyttle said .
Sheridan County Prosecuting Attorney Matt Redle , who also serves on the Wyoming County and Prosecuting Attorney 's Association , said the association was happy to hear of the governor signing this bill into law .
“ This statute will provide an important check ensuring justice and integrity in Wyoming 's criminal justice system , ” Redle said . “ We are proud of our association 's involvement in the development of this legislation . ”
While there is no deadline for introducing DNA evidence after conviction , DNA is unavailable in 90 % of criminal cases , making this new law a key component in proving innocence for the wrongly convicted .
In recent years , major flaws have been revealed in the forensic analysis of arson , hair comparisons , bullet lead comparisons and other disciplines . This law will provide innocent people with a course to overturn convictions based on this type of flawed , unreliable evidence .
The new law is based on Utah 's factual innocence law , which became law in 2008 and resulted in two exonerations .
The Wyoming law will come into effect July 1 .
Bhubaneswar : After a hue and cry over Mahanadi river water dispute , the Chhattisgarh Government has opened only one gate of the Kalma barrage to discharge water to the Hirakud reservoir to meet water scarcity in Odisha .
As of now , Only 2,000 cusecs of water is entering the reservoir from the Kalma barrage although the requirement is much higher , sources said .
Though the Odisha Government is giving priority to irrigation , drinking water supply and hydropower generation , all efforts look gloomy because of scarcity of water in the Hirakud reservoir . Now , power generation is allowed only for a few hours , sources added .
“ We are ready to release water to the canals for irrigation purposes but at the cost of power generation , ” said a senior official .
The teen clothing store Rue 21 announced it 's closing about one-third of its stores nationwide , or about 400 location , to focus more on its online business .
On Facebook the company said the decision to close some of the stores was difficult , but necessary .
According to the store 's website the Zanesville location will remain open , but a location in Cambridge in the Southgate Parkway will close .
The company did n't say how soon the stores will shut their doors , though its website is promoting store closing sales .
Rue 21 is based in Cranberry , Pennsylvania .
With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
SAN FRANCISCO : With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Kalanick , under fire for crass behavior and fostering a culture of sexism and rule-breaking , in early March announced he was searching for a COO to help run the ride-services company . But in the months since , Uber has suffered a string of controversies and embarrassing setbacks and the job has remained unfilled - part of a leadership vacuum that extends through the company and up to the board of directors .
In a report released Tuesday , former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and his law firm , Covington & Burling , recommended sweeping management changes at Uber in the wake of sexual harassment allegations and other scandals .
The report advocates for a COO who `` will act as a full partner '' and run `` day-to-day operations . '' It also calls on the board of directors to take steps to limit the CEO 's responsibilities and provide `` clear lines of demarcation between '' the COO and the CEO .
`` The way the COO job is written in the recommendations makes it a really powerful and important job , '' said Bradley Tusk , an Uber investor and adviser .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Executive recruiters and tech investors agreed that the job might look more appealing now than it did before Tuesday 's report . Still , it remains unclear if the company can attract a top-notch leader while Kalanick retains both the CEO title and , along with two allies , voting control of the company .
Kalanick said on Tuesday he was stepping aside at Uber because he needed time to grieve his recently deceased mother and work on his leadership shortcomings , according to a staff email seen by Reuters . He also said his leave `` may be shorter or longer than we might expect . ''
Such ambiguity will effect Uber 's efforts to rebuild its executive ranks , startup experts say .
`` The lack of clarity around Travis ' position hangs over everything , '' said Bill Aulet , managing director of the entrepreneurship center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . `` You 're dealing with the most important thing , which is , who is your boss ? ''
VACANCIES AT THE TOP
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
In the meantime , 14 people who report to Kalanick are charged with running the company until the CEO returns or a COO is hired . The company also is without a chief financial officer , general counsel and a head of engineering , among other open positions .
`` We have a strong leadership team including veterans who helped make the business what it is today and new talent who are helping to drive the changes we 're committed to making , '' Uber said in a statement .
Uber is struggling to recruit new employees and has many who are eager to leave . Ed Zschau , founder of Inductus Associates , an executive search firm for startups , said his firm has `` people from Uber in the search process '' for a new job , including senior-level employees .
`` If the board can be recomposed a bit and get the company back on track , who the COO is will be an important signal as to whether people will want to work there , '' Zschau said .
Concerns about a lack of leadership extend to the board of directors .
Holder 's recommendations , including prohibiting romantic relationships between bosses and their subordinates and drinking on the job , suggest the Uber board failed to ensure the company had even the most basic checks and balances , say experts .
`` The Holder report could have been written by a law student who took an introductory corporate governance course , '' said Erik Gordon , a technology and entrepreneurship expert at the University of Michigan 's Ross School of Business . `` The board shares responsibility for the wreck . ''
Uber retained Holder 's firm in February after a female former employee publicly accused the company of brazen sexual harassment . A wake of scandals followed , including a criminal investigation of the company 's use of technology to evade regulators , a lawsuit alleging stolen self-driving car technology and a string of allegations relating to a toxic culture .
On Tuesday , David Bonderman , a founder of private equity firm TPG Capital , an Uber investor , resigned from the board after making a sexist comment about women talking too much at the Uber staff meeting convened to discuss the Holder report .
The resignation leaves Uber 's board with seven voting members and four vacant seats .
Unlike the boards of most big companies , Uber 's directors have little executive experience . In addition to Kalanick , the board includes co-founder and Chairman Garrett Camp , early employee Ryan Graves , venture capitalist Bill Gurley , Saudi investor Yasir al-Rumayyan and media impresaria Arianna Huffington . Wan Ling Martello , an executive vice president at Nestle , was added to the board this week as an independent director .
The Holder recommendations call for a restructured board , but the recommendation to install an independent board chair was left up to the board only to consider .
( Reporting by Heather Somerville ; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Trott )
South African buy-to-lease solar marketplace Sun Exchange has announced the crowd-sale is now open for a new 473kW solar project to power Cape Town-based post-consumer recycled plastics ( rPET ) bottles manufacturer Nioro Plastics .
Sun Exchange has developed a fintech platform that promotes sustainable business practises by connecting conscious capital to commercial solar projects .
The Nioro Plastics campaign , which is now open , will be the largest Sun Exchange crowd-sale to date , and will focus on minimising the negative environmental impacts of the plastics industry . Through the Sun Exchange platform , users can buy solar cells installed onto the roof of Nioro Plastics , which are leased to give the plastic producer low-cost access to clean energy for a period of 20 years .
“ We encourage the use of recycling and certainly having some of the energy required for the production of these plastic bottles being solar-driven would be a very good and positive thing , ” said Simeon Penev , managing director of Nioro Plastics . “ It 's a good investment for the people leasing solar cells , because after all they will be making money ! ”
Abraham Cambridge , chief executive officer ( CEO ) and founder of Sun Exchange , said the crowd-sale set a global precedent for the use of solar power and sustainable practices in the plastics industry in South Africa and beyond .
“ Anyone interested in conscious capital should participate in the crowd sale and capture the opportunity to earn money while doing good and promoting clean power , all of which can be done with the click of a button through Sun Exchange , ” he said .
Currently , Sun Exchange users can choose to receive rental payments in bitcoin or their local currency . Sun Exchange also recently introduced SUNEX , its own digital rewards token , which can be earned to get discounts on the marketplace and can be staked into a solar project insurance fund .
The SUNEX Network Token is currently available for purchase through a public token sale event which will run until July 31 .
SUZUKA , Japan : Lewis Hamilton struck a huge psychological blow in the Formula One title race on Saturday ( Oct 7 ) with a sizzling qualifying drive to take pole position for the Japanese Grand Prix .
The Briton , who leads Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel by 34 points with five races left , steered his Mercedes to a track record of one minute , 27.319 seconds with Valtteri Bottas second fastest .
However , Vettel will join Hamilton on the front row after Bottas incurred a five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change on Friday .
`` The car is crazy here , '' said Hamilton after his 71st career pole , and first at Suzuka .
`` Every lap was fantastic . I 'm running out of opportunities to get this pole so I made sure I made it stick today . ''
A three-time race winner in Japan , Hamilton 's dominant qualifying performance dented Vettel 's fading title hopes after the German set the early pace in Friday 's rain-hit practice .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` I tried everything on that last lap as I knew I had to take a bit more risks , '' said the German .
`` I knew that we 'd be on front row because of Valtteri 's penalty so I 'm pretty happy . ''
Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo was fourth fastest , ahead of teammate Max Verstappen , who won in Malaysia last week .
Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen qualified sixth quickest , but will also be demoted five places after switching his gearbox following a shunt in Saturday 's practice .
CALGARY , Alberta ( AP ) — Corey Perry scored 1:30 into overtime and the Anaheim Ducks rallied from three goals down to beat the Calgary Flames 5-4 Monday night , taking a 3-0 series lead in the first-round series .
Perry 's sharp-angled shot deflected off several players and past Flames goalie Brian Elliott .
Shea Theodore had two goals , Nate Thompson had a goal and two assists , and Nick Ritchie also scored for the Ducks . Rickard Rakell , Kevin Bieksa and Hampus Lindholm each had two assists .
John Gibson gave up four goals on 16 shots before he was replaced by Jonathan Bernier in the second period . Bernier stopped all 16 shots he faced .
Sean Monahan had a goal and an assist , and Kris Versteeg , Sam Bennett and Michael Stone also scored for Calgary . Mikael Backlund and T.J. Brodie each had two assists , and Elliott finished with 22 saves .
Game 4 is Wednesday night .
As the nation seeths with anger after the Kathua rape horror in which an eight-year-old was raped and killed , a fresh petition in the Jammu and Kashmir High Court seeking a CBI investigation into the matter claims that police had planted evidence to prove that the crime took place in the temple.The crime branch during its probe had found that the victim was kidnapped and kept in a temple where she was raped and later killed by the accused . The kingpin in the case was said to be the 60-year-old caretaker of the Devsthan ( temple ) Sanjhi Ram . Seven others had been named as accused.Sub-Inspector Anand Dutta and Special Police Officer ( SPO ) Deepak Khajuria , who were arrested for destroying evidence , have moved the HC and have called the `` whole story of Crime Branch of conspiracy '' as `` laughable '' .Their plea , accessed by News18 , squarely blames the police for `` fiddling '' with the crime scene and said that real evidence , which could prove that the eight-year-old was not kept in the temple , was being kept aside . `` The crime branch fiddled with the crime scene after they took up the investigation . The clothes and body of the victim were covered in mud and it was vital evidence to prove that she could not have been kept at the Devsthan , which has a cemented pucca floor , ” said the petitioners.The counsel representing Sanjhi Ram and four others , Ankur Sharma , had earlier told News18 that crime branch was torturing witnesses to get favorable statements . Sticking to the theory , the plea also states that `` crime Branch has gone to the extent of manufacturing evidence . `` `` By collecting the hair strands months from the Devsthan months after the rape occurred to connect it with the victim so as to portray the story that the girl was kept there shows that crime branch is manufacturing evidence , ” the plea said. “ It has come in the evidence that Devsthan is washed three times a day including the room in which the girl was allegedly kept . So , there was no possibility of any hair being found after a month of the alleged incident , ” it said. “ It is very easy to place a hair strand in the said room and recover it as the hair of any blood relation would have given the same DNA report , '' reads the plea , questioning the very basis of allegations against the accused.The petitioners said that the evidence actually placed on record by the crime branch is part of a `` conspiracy ” to turn “ one community against the other ” . `` The entire story that a conspiracy was hatched by Sanjhi Ram , who is alleged to have compelled and incited his nephew to kidnap an eight-year-old child and to rape her continuously for about a week and then kill her , is laughable and beyond any sense of belief , ” reads the petition . `` The attempts to involve the accused Vishal in the case though he was appearing in the examination at the same time at Meerut by creating evidence against him reflects the mindset of the Crime Branch in creating a case of conspiracy by one community against another community , '' said the plea.It was alleged that Vishal Jangotra , son of Sanjhi Ram , had come from Meerut and also raped the girl who was kept abducted by his father . He had later also called his friend to satisfy his lust by taking part in the crime.The crime branch had said that the motive to drive out the native Bakherwal Muslim community from the area.Even the Bar association of the state had initially called for a strike and protested the filing of the chargesheet by the SIT and had claimed that only a CBI probe would help in ascertaining the truth . However , the case is slated to be heard in the court of Kathua Sessions Judge on April 28.The petition by the two cops demanding a CBI probe has called the investigation by the crime branch as `` highly tainted '' and said that it might have led to escape of the `` real culprits . `` `` Crime Branch investigation may have saved the real culprits who actually committed the crime in order to falsely implicate the accused persons put on trial in furtherance of their pre-conceived notion , '' said the plea .
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R-La . ) and four other people were shot at a Republican congressional baseball practice this morning by a gunman who appeared to have targeted GOP members of Congress .
Here 's what we know so far :
Nearly a decade after the death of Lisa Dudley and Guthrie McKay in their Mission Home , the BC Coroners Service has announced an inquest into their case will begin on June 11 .
Thirty-seven-year-old Lisa Dudley and her partner , 33-year-old Guthrie McKay were shot inside their home in 2008 . MacKay died at the scene , but Dudley lay dying at the scene for four days after Mounties failed to properly investigate the scene . She later died in hospital .
READ MORE : 8 years later , Lisa Dudley 's family still waits for promised coroners ' inquest
Dudley 's stepfather , Mark Sukkara , says it 's hard to explain how he 's feeling when it 's taken so long to get answers .
“ How can I react to something that has taken 10 years ? ” said Sukkara . “ They promised [ an inquiry ] and they started the ball rolling way back when , and then it was stopped completely . ”
WATCH : Family seeks justice in 2008 Mission murders
At the time of the incident , two Mounties responded to reports of shots fired in separate vehicles . Neither of them got out to investigate or spoke to neighbours .
Sukkara said they had been promised an inquest years ago .
“ We wanted one right from the beginning , and they said ‘ no , ' they did not want to have an inquest . ”
READ MORE : Lisa Dudley 's family wo n't give up fight as court tosses RCMP negligence lawsuit
But Sukkara says that even as their request finally comes true , he does n't know what will come out of it .
“ The coroner 's court can only make recommendations . There is n't anything of substantive nature as far as charges or anything like that , they are not empowered to do that , ” he said .
READ MORE : Court rules mom can sue RCMP for daughter 's death after she sat paralyzed for days after shooting
The BC Coroners says it did n't want the inquest to interfere with criminal proceedings which ended last year .
Four men were eventually convicted , three on charges of first-degree murder and one on a charge of conspiracy to commit murder .
— With files from Jeremy Lye
On this day 10 years ago , we were blessed with the first Sex and the City movie , a two-hour bonanza of fashion and luxury and bad puns that 's 79 percent responsibility for my homosexuality . No joke : I have vivid memories watching this movie at home in the fall of 2008 and thinking , `` Yup , I love this . I need to know every single thing about these women and their lives . '' And thus my Sex and the City obsession was born , all because of this ridiculous movie .
Emphasis on the word ridiculous . The Sex and the City movie is enjoyable , yes , but it 's also positively bonkers—even by SATC standards , which duped millions of people into thinking a 33-year-old woman could survive in Manhattan writing just one newspaper column a week . That seems totally logical compared to some of the hijinks from the Sex and the City movie , which put a full bird on Carrie 's head for her wedding :
Pinterest PHOTO : New York Daily News Archive
The bird did n't make our final list of most out-there moments , but here 's what did .
1 . Samantha 's hat . It 's an insane article of clothing . Let 's call a spade a spade . It 's almost as if Samantha was preparing for the sun to drop from space and set up camp right on her head . Sex and the City is all about extreme fashion , I know , but this hat is bigger than any hat should be .
Pinterest PHOTO : AF archive / Alamy Stock Photo
2 . Carrie 's on-the-street freak-out . I 'm talking , of course , about when Carrie starts hitting Mr. Big with her bouquet after he ditches their wedding . Big 's actions suck , obviously , but something tells me Carrie would n't have had this public of a meltdown over it . Instead , she would 've cussed him out on the phone and then written a tell-all book ripping him to shreds . This was just a straight-up waste of flowers .
3 . Samantha 's sushi moment . It 's physically impossible to get all this sushi on your body in these exact positions by yourself . It just is . Unless her dog suddenly sprouted legs and opposable thumbs , then this entire sequence is fishier than , well , sushi .
4 . When Carrie throws her phone in the ocean . All because Mr. Big called her . What an extreme response—and a waste of money . Just block him .
5 . The fact that Mr. Big proposes with a shoe . A shoe . Listen , I get that it 's Carrie Bradshaw and she loves shoes and blah blah blah—but even the most Manolo Blahnik-obsessed person would expect a ring after their S.O . gets down on one knee . Especially on Sex and the City , a show about blatant and extravagant materialism . Carrie Bradshaw may have toned down her bridal obsessions by the end of the movie , but let 's keep it 100 : She did n't turn into a missionary .
6 . Carrie not understanding basic computer and email functions . She 's a writer in the 21st century . She has a MacBook . How Carrie is unable to perform even the most elementary computer skill is laughably absurd . Does she not schedule meetings with her Vogue editor online ? Or write freelance inquiries ? Or legitimately do anything that a modern writer does ? Jennifer Hudson should n't have to set your computer password , girl . Which leads us to ...
7 . Carrie hiring an assistant . I 'm sorry , but for what , exactly ? She 's not a high-power magazine editor . She does n't have an office . Carrie , a grown-ass woman , did n't need to hire another grown-ass woman to perform simple human functions for her , like set up furniture deliveries , answer emails , and clean out her closet . She 's a writer who works from home . She could do all these things on her own , no question . Jennifer Hudson deserved better .
8 . Steve cheating on Miranda . Talk about a dramatic character development . Steve spent multiple years worshipping Miranda like a loyal , lovesick puppy only to turn around and cheat on her ? This was a character assassination that , sure , raised the stakes , but at what cost ?
9 . That Carrie tried on every single thing in her closet before deciding what to keep and toss . That 's ... thousands of articles of clothing . No one has that kind of time—not even these women with their ( actual ) champagne problems . And the implication they got all this done during a snappy montage set to an Aerosmith song ? Try again , Carrie .
10 . Annnnd Carrie 's wedding dress photo-shoot . Does this sequence make me cry ? Yes . Do I wish I was Carrie modeling that Dior dress with the giant sleeves ? Without question . But what , what , WHAT ? ! Carrie Bradshaw is a writer that fashion people and New Yorkers care about . She 's not a celebrity with enough mass appeal to warrant a giant spread in Vogue magazine . Also , no way was Vogue cool with Carrie bringing her squad of friends to the shoot to just take up space and eat the catered food . Nope . Sorry . Not buying it . I would , however , buy that Vivienne Westwood dress if I had $ 50,000 lying around .
If you 've had a really stressful week/month/year , there 's a chance that you could feel the effects physically just as much as you do mentally and emotionally . And those physical symptoms of stress can often be mistaken for other health conditions .
“ The brain and body connection is complex and multilayered , ” Alicia H. Clark , Psy.D. , a licensed clinical psychologist who specializes in anxiety , tells us . “ Everyone feels stress and anxiety differently , but gut issues , skin issues , even arthritis and circulatory issues can be affected by how we interact emotionally with our environment and its many demands . ”
These are real symptoms—the fact that they may be caused by or exacerbated by stress does not mean that they 're all in your head . There are a wide range of physical symptoms that can be triggered by stress , but these are some of the most common ones you might experience :
1 . You feel wiped all the time .
As part of the stress response , your brain produces the hormone cortisol and releases it into your bloodstream . “ It is a fantastic hormone that can offer our bodies and brains boosts of energy and protection when we need it most , ” Dr. Clark says . Short bursts of cortisol with rests in between ( think : feeling frazzled when you 're running for the subway , but calm once you make the train ) are better than chronic production ( constantly being stressed due to work and life pressures ) , she says . And being stressed on a regular basis can wear your body down and make you feel tired all the time because you 're often in a hopped-up state of cortisol , Dr. Clark explains .
2 . You have bad cramps .
It 's easy to write off cramps as being related to your cycle in some way , but they can actually be due to stress , Nieca Goldberg , M.D. , medical director of the Joan H. Tisch Center for Women 's Health at NYU Langone Health , tells us . Stress increases the production of cortisol and fellow stress hormone epinephrine in your system and , when released , these hormones can mess with your gastrointestinal system , causing cramps .
3 . You 're having chest pains .
That “ kicked in the chest ” feeling you might get when you hear bad news is actually a neurotransmitter reaction , Dana S. Simpler , M.D. , a Mercy Medical Center internist , tells us . There are neurotransmitters throughout your body in addition to in your brain , she explains . When you feel anxious or stressed , neurotransmitters are activated through your sympathetic nervous system ( the part of your autonomic nervous system that 's responsible for the fight-or-flight reaction ) , which can create a feeling of tightness in your chest , even though the heart is working just fine , Dr . Simpler says .
Chest pain is also linked to heartburn , which can be worsened by stress , according to the Mayo Clinic . Of course , if you 're experiencing chest pains , you should see a doctor ASAP since they could also be a sign of a heart attack .
4 . You 're shedding more hair than normal .
Sure , it 's normal to lose some strands daily , but if you notice you 're suddenly losing a fair amount of hair , it could be due to stress . When cortisol levels in your body increase , your body is shifted into an inflammatory state which decreases nutrition to hair follicles and shuttles it to other areas of your body , Gary Goldenberg , M.D. , assistant clinical professor of dermatology at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City , tells us . That can potentially cause those follicles to slow or stop production , or even die , creating hair loss . Your dermatologist should be able to recommend some options to treat your hair loss , including special shampoos and nutritional supplements , “ but cutting down on stress levels is really key , ” Dr. Goldenberg says .
5 . You have rash-like spots on your skin .
“ Almost every skin condition is exacerbated by stress , ” says Dr. Goldenberg . “ But inflammatory conditions , such as psoriasis or eczema are at an even higher risk . ”
Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease that causes red , scaly , itchy patches to form on a person 's skin , and it 's pretty common—about 7.5 million Americans have psoriasis , which develops when a person 's immune system sends faulty signals that tell skin cells to grow too quickly , according to the American Academy of Dermatology . Eczema , a condition that causes a red skin rash , is even more common—it impacts 31.6 million Americans , according to the National Eczema Association .
6 . You 're going No . 3 a lot .
Some people tend to have bad diarrhea in response to stress , and it 's not a coincidence . Your intestinal tract is filled with the same neurotransmitters that are in the brain and they fire in response to what is happening with your mind , Dr . Simpler says . That 's why you can get a pit in your stomach in response to stress or develop a stomachache or diarrhea when you 're frazzled . People who suffer from gastrointestinal conditions like irritable bowel syndrome also tend to have more symptoms when they 're stressed , Dr. Goldberg says .
7 . Your skin keeps breaking out .
Dr. Goldenberg says he sees patients “ daily ” that have bad or worsening skin issues when they 're physically or emotionally stressed . It goes back to the inflammatory state that stress creates in your body—this can also cause breakouts or make acne issues worse , he says .
If you 're having any of these medical issues and they 're not getting better with treatment , it might be time to consider stress as a potential cause or exacerbating factor .
“ It 's easy to tell someone to stop stressing but it 's actually a very difficult task , ” Dr. Goldenberg says . You 're never going to eradicate stress from your life , but Dr. Clark recommends trying to change your outlook on it . “ Taking control is a key way to turn stress and anxiety around , and use it to find solutions , ” she says . Maybe there are things you know you can do to help you manage your symptoms , like working out more regularly or looking for a new job , that you need to make more of a priority . And , of course , if you feel like you ca n't shake your stress , a mental health professional may be able to help .
This article originally appeared on Self.com
Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini is expected to return from his knee injury in March after undergoing surgery .
The midfielder was taken off after lasting just seven minutes as a substitute during the defeat at Tottenham last Wednesday and did not play in the 2-0 win over Huddersfield on Saturday , instead having an operation on the problem .
United manager Jose Mourinho confirmed it was a small procedure and insisted the Belgium international 's season is not over .
“ He had surgery this morning , ” Mourinho said at full-time at Old Trafford .
“ I do n't want to be very specific . I prefer the doctor to give some official information . But it is not the end of the season ( for him ) . Not at all . It was just a small intervention in the external meniscus .
“ I think by the end of March he can be back , and by then I hope we will have a big April and big May , in more than one competition . ”
Fellaini has made just 16 appearances this season because of injury problems , scoring four goals .
His United contract expires at the end of this season and Mourinho has urged the player to sign a new offer .
LICKING COUNTY , Ohio – The Licking County Crime Stoppers is offering a reward up to $ 1,000 that leads to an arrest in recent burglaries in Licking Township
The Licking County Sheriff 's Office says that during the early morning on April 10 , suspect ( s ) entered a home in the 100 block of Marklan Rd . SE , and stole cash , a wallet , and a purse .
Later that morning , a car was broken into in the same neighborhood and a handgun was stolen . The suspects may be involved in other car break-ins that have occurred in Union and Licking Townships .
Anyone with information , please call the Licking County Crime Stoppers at 740-349-6888 or 1-888-488-9058 .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
4 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Christian Pulisic pulled the strings and Jozy Altidore grabbed a brace as the United States overran Panama 4-0 in Orlando on Friday to leave them on the verge of automatic qualification for next year 's World Cup finals in Russia .
REUTERS : Christian Pulisic pulled the strings and Jozy Altidore grabbed a brace as the United States overran Panama 4-0 in Orlando on Friday to leave them on the verge of automatic qualification for next year 's World Cup finals in Russia .
The victory lifted the United States into third place in the six-team CONCACAF group , above Panama , who started the day a point ahead of them .
A win in their final match against Trinidad and Tobago will likely be enough to see the United States through as Honduras would need to win both their remaining games and overturn a goal difference currently at 12 .
Top team Mexico are already through from the North , Central American and Caribbean Confederation and second-placed Costa Rica need just a point from their final two matches to join them .
Mexico came from behind to beat the already eliminated Trinidad and Tobago 3-1 at home on Friday .
Bottom side Trinidad had won just one of their previous eight matches but Shahdon Winchester gave them a surprise lead after 66 minutes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
However , Hirving Lozano got the equaliser after 78 minutes and Javier Hernandez popped up to save Mexico 's blushes two minutes from time . Hector Herrera capped the scoring with a free kick in injury time .
Costa Rica 's scheduled qualifier at home to Honduras was postponed until Saturday from Friday due to severe rainfall caused by tropical storm Nate .
The top three teams qualify automatically , while the fourth-placed side goes into a play-off against a team from the Asian confederation .
Pulisic got the United States ' opener after eight minutes when he sprinted free of the defence and slotted the ball home from a tight angle after rounding the goalkeeper .
Altidore made it two 11 minutes later when he side-footed home an inviting low cross from Pulisic . The burly striker made it 3-0 just seconds before half time when he chipped home a penalty after Bobby Wood was upended in the box .
Wood got the goal his play deserved 18 minutes into the second half when he spun inside the box and fired past goalkeeper Jaime Penedo .
The United States should have scored more but profligate finishing and a fine performance from Penedo kept the score down .
`` On the night we actually did n't finish well , '' said U.S. coach Bruce Arena . `` We could have scored a lot more goals .
`` Now we have to finish it off Tuesday in Trinidad . ''
( Reporting by Andrew Downie ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 10 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 10 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
UMass women 's basketball defeats Saint Peter 's for third straight win
Posted by Thomas Haines on December 11 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
The Massachusetts women 's basketball team defeated Saint Peter 's 81-65 Sunday , pulling away in the second half to secure its third straight win .
UMass ( 7-4 , 0-0 ) trailed by two at halftime , but came back with 23 points in the third period to take the lead for good . Saint Peter 's made several charges to attempt a comeback in the fourth , but the Minutewomen finished strong to seal the win .
“ I thought we did a lot of really good things in the fourth period today , ” UMass coach Tory Verdi said . “ One thing you 're really happy with is that we faced adversity ; we could have gone either way . And when you 're facing that type of adversity you [ ‘ ve ] got to look it in the eyes and I thought our players did a great job of fighting it and overcoming it . ”
After allowing 36 points and 60 percent shooting from the field in the first half , the UMass defense stiffened coming out of halftime . Saint Peter 's scored only 12 points in the third period as the Minutewomen staked a nine-point lead .
“ They did a pretty good job of attacking the zone , ” Verdi said . “ I thought in the first half we did n't have the energy that we needed to have . We made the defensive adjustment of going man in the second half and I thought that paid dividends for us . I thought we did a good job of matching up and keeping them in front of us and I think that changed the overall complexion of the game . ”
UMass forced 17 turnovers and had 10 steals , both slightly below its season averages . Starting guard Genesis Rivera said that improving the defense was a constant focus for the Minutewomen .
“ We always focus on rebounds and defense , ” Rivera said . “ I think that 's the key every single game . Every single night you 're trying to get rebounds and play some defense . That 's going to get us where we want to be . ”
On offense , UMass ran through Rivera and Bre Hampton-Bey , who scored 23 and 20 points respectively and accounted for all of the Minutewomen 's three-pointers . Hampton-Bey , who came in averaging three steals a game , also added four steals against Saint Peter 's .
“ They 're so dynamic offensively . We know they can score in bunches , especially [ Rivera ] , ” Verdi said . “ And the fact that [ Hampton-Bey ] just gave us an unbelievable second half of attacking the basket and knocking down shots for us . You look at that type of performance for a freshman , it 's huge . We know what [ Hampton-Bey 's ] capable of doing , and I 'm just glad that I get the opportunity to coach her another three years after this . ”
Going into the game , Verdi cited pressure from Saint Peter 's as an anticipated challenge . Despite expecting the pressure , the Peacock defense held strong early in the game , keeping the game close in the first half before UMass pulled away .
“ We knew [ pressure ] was coming , we were prepared for it , but [ then ] it 's game time and all of a sudden you 've got two people running at you , ” Verdi said . “ You 've got to attack the gap and you 've just got to be solid in your passes . And I thought after the first couple possessions that we got used to it and were able to break it and make them pay for it . ”
With the win , UMass improved to 7-4 on the year and 5-1 at home . The victory marked the third straight for the Minutewomen , following wins over Mississippi Valley State and Fisher College .
Verdi said that the Minutewomen have improved over the winning streak , particularly in turnovers , which have been a season-long concern .
“ We 're always talking about [ how ] we [ have ] to value the basketball and take care of it , ” Verdi said . “ You do n't want to have empty possessions and you do n't want teams to score off of your turnovers , especially high ones . So I thought we did a great job of taking care of the basketball here tonight . ”
UMass will return to action on the road against UMass Lowell at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday .
Thomas Haines can be reached at thaines @ umass.edu and followed on Twitter @ thainessports .
Striking self-assurance , a penchant for hyperbole and a working knowledge of Latin - these are the hallmarks of the latest group of militants to emerge in Nigeria 's oil-rich Niger Delta .
YENAGOA , Nigeria : Striking self-assurance , a penchant for hyperbole and a working knowledge of Latin : these are the hallmarks of the latest group of militants to emerge in Nigeria 's oil-rich Niger Delta .
The New Delta Avengers are named in a nod to the Niger Delta Avengers who last year crippled Nigeria 's oil production in a fight for a greater share of the proceeds for the region , impoverished , like much of the country , by endemic corruption .
The new group 's inaugural statement was signed by a Corporal Oleum Bellum , a Latin phrase that loosely means `` oil war '' .
It and others , like the Niger Delta Marine Force led by one General Benikeme Hitler , have formed even as the government holds peace talks with Niger Delta communities to try to end violence that has brought the economy to its knees .
`` By this declaration , we are resurrecting the spirit of insurgency to demand for a better deal for our people , '' the New Delta Avengers ' statement said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We are going to do this through bloody attacks and destruction of oil assets in the creeks and upland areas so as to disrupt and eventually cripple oil prospecting and production operations in the state . ''
Many groups issue similar statements and never act on their words . But some , like the original Niger Delta Avengers and the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) , did so to devastating effect .
At the height of violence last year , Niger Delta militants ' attacks cut Nigeria 's oil production by as much as a third .
That set the economy reeling , as lower crude exports meant less money in government coffers , especially the U.S. dollars Nigeria needs to import essential products and keep businesses running .
`` DEVILISH , HARDENED HEART ''
The New Delta Avengers say their main grievance is with the governor of Delta state , Ifeanyi Okowa , who they accuse of diverting funds from programmes meant to benefit Delta state .
`` Like the biblical Pharaoh , only extraordinary undertakings can soften his devilish and hardened heart towards the oil producing areas of the state , '' they said of Okowa .
A spokesman for the governor denied the group 's accusation that he was `` showing nepotism and favouritism in the sharing of government resources '' . The state government was not in a position to ascertain the credibility of the New Delta Avengers ' threats , the spokesman said .
The old Avengers suspended their campaign last year to give peace talks a chance after a string of attacks on oil facilities , blowing up even an underwater Shell pipeline .
MEND fought an insurgency until 2009 , when it agreed with the previous federal government on a ceasefire and amnesty offering salaries and job training for its fighters . Some of its commanders became millionaires with contracts to protect the same pipelines they had been blowing up .
Many of the militants have a taste for the dramatic . There was General Busta Rhymes , named for the New York rapper known for his frenetic flow , before Corporal Oleum Bellum and General Benikeme Hitler , who issued an inaugural statement in January .
Oil facilities belonging to major international oil companies would be destroyed after March , Hitler 's group said , although Reuters has been unable to confirm the destruction of any facilities by the Niger Delta Marine Force .
The New Delta Avengers warned the Delta state government that `` Operation Cripple Oil and Gas Production '' would start on 30 June unless it held talks to ensure funding for infrastructure and other development reaches the region .
`` This campaign shall be BLOODY , DESTRUCTIVE AND VENGEFUL against the enemies of our people , '' the group said . `` Like a goat pushed to the wall we have grown teeth and we will prove our ability to bite . ''
Oil companies ' rule of thumb is not to comment on militant threats to facilities in Nigeria .
The security forces say they have no idea who is behind the latest threats , but with Nigeria about to bring back its oil exports to full capacity for the first time in 16 months following pipeline repairs , they will not take any chances .
`` We are not aware of such a group but are on the ground to do our job , '' said Abubakar Abdullahi , spokesman for the joint military task force ( JTF ) which polices the Niger Delta .
( Additional reporting by Anamesere Igboeroteonwu in Onitsha ; Writing by Paul Carsten ; Editing by Philippa Fletcher )
39 SHARES Share Tweet WhatsApp
“ If you ca n't beat them in the alley , you ca n't beat them on the ice . ”
The man who created , owned , coached and managed the Toronto Maple Leafs , Conn Smythe , believed that toughness was an essential part of hockey , particularly if you wanted to win . You had to be able to stand up for yourself — a team that could be bullied by the opposition could be beaten easily .
Over the years , the Leafs have had a number of players who could be described as tough . Stars like Sittler , Gilmour , Salming , Roberts… favourites like Belak , Tucker and Shack . The Leafs have historically had a tough team . But there have always been those who were seen as the toughest of them all . Not all necessarily fighters ( though being willing and able to chuck knuckles helps ) but these seven players were noted by their opponents , loved by the Leafs faithful , and go down as the toughest to wear the Maple Leafs jersey .
7 . Big Daddy Bob McGill ( 1981-86 , 1992-93 )
In the early 1980s , the Maple Leafs were a team with many troubles . There were some decent scorers , but not enough scoring to overcome the deficits ; the goaltending was shaky , the defence corps was young and inexperienced and ownership was always meddling in personnel decisions . But , one thing the team had been a couple of guys on the blueline who were n't afraid to mix it up – among them , Bob McGill .
In an interview with The Hockey News , McGill described how he got his nickname : “ Marc Magnan , a guy I played with in St. Catharines in the American Hockey League , was reading this book about Big Daddy Lipscomb , who played in the NFL . He was supposed to be the toughest guy . I got in a couple scraps . Came in the dressing room , he started calling me ‘ Big Daddy . ' “
The big kid from Leduc , Alberta stepped into his first NHL season as a 19-year-old on a Maple Leafs team with personnel issues . And he did n't waste any time , accumulating 263 penalty minutes in 68 games to lead Toronto in 1981-82 , though that number was part fighting and part poor penalties due to inexperience .
He split time in the AHL , but over the next two seasons counted 197 PIM in only 41 NHL games . He returned to the Leafs full-time in 1984-85 and posted 250 PIM , though he had matured into a much better defenceman . Still , he knew his role was to be a heavy hitter and a guy willing to scrap when needed .
He left Toronto in 1987 , returning for 19 games in 1992 . In total , McGill had four goals , 29 points and 988 PIM in 317 Leafs games to rank eighth on the franchise penalty minute list .
6 . Boomer Baun ( 1956-67 , 1970-73 )
Winner of two Memorial Cups with the Marlboros and four Stanley Cups with the Leafs , Bob Baun is known for one of the most memorable displays of toughness ever .
A member of the legendary Leafs defence corps of the 1960s , Baun was known as one of the cleanest and hardest hitters of his time . He was a solid defender – not very flashy with the puck , but he could rock opponents with his hard checks against the boards . He would ‘ lower the boom ' as it were on the other team 's forwards , hence the ‘ Boomer ' nickname . On a team that stressed defensive play , Baun 's combination of body checking and stand-up defensive play made him invaluable .
But Baun would come to be best known for having his foot broken by a Gordie Howe shot in game six of the 1964 Stanley Cup final , then scoring the winning goal in overtime . Baun , never known as a scorer , had decided he just was not going to miss overtime , so the doctor , figuring he could n't hurt the foot any worse , froze it and laced the skates back up . Boomer 's goal evened the series , and the Leafs won the Cup a couple nights later . Without a guy like Bob Baun to tough it out , it seems unlikely that would have been the outcome .
Bob Baun played parts of 14 seasons with Toronto , a total of 739 games , in which he accumulated 29 goals , 169 points and 1,155 PIM ( seventh on the franchise list ) .
5 . Red Horner ( 1928-40 )
The first Leafs player to take on the policeman role , Red Horner was proud to play the game he did for the team he loved . Horner knew that being a big kid , he could impress people with a crash and bang style . Smythe knew what he had in the hard-hitter lad , and snapped him up right away .
Horner played 12 years with the Leafs , serving as captain from 1938-40 . He led the NHL in penalty minutes in seven seasons ( no other player in history has led the league more than four times ) and set a record for PIM in a single season with 167 in 1935-36 – a record that stood until the mid-1950s . He retired from the NHL as the career penalty minute leader , a mark he held for 17 years . In 490 games , he scored 42 goals and 152 points and is sixth in franchise history with 1,254 penalty minutes .
“ I was just naturally a heavy-hitter ” Red said in later years . “ We had some smaller players on the team and someone had to protect them . I was that someone . ”
4 . Tim Horton ( 1949-70 )
A six-time All-Star and four-time Stanley Cup winner , Tim Horton was well-known by opponents and teammates alike as one of the strongest players to lace 'em up . Along with Baun , Carl Brewer and Allan Stanley , Horton was a member of one of the best defensive corps ever put together .
Horton began his Leaf career in 1949 , and at one point would play 468 consecutive games ( a record for defencemen since surpassed by Karlis Skrastins in 2007 ) . Like Baun , he was a physical defenceman . Opponent John Ferguson Sr. once remarked “ Horton 's the hardest body checker I 've ever come up against . He 's as strong as an ox and hits with terrific force . ”
Horton was n't a scrapper or fighter , as Bobby Hull remarked “ There were defensemen you had to fear because they were vicious and would slam you into the boards from behind… But you respected Tim Horton because he did n't need that type of intimidation . He used his tremendous strength and talent to keep you in check . ”
In fact , it was known that Tim Horton had no penchant for violence , he just did not play that way . Still , he was tough as nails and would not back down from his check . Whenever a scrum broke out , he was famous for wrapping guys ( sometimes more than one ) in a bear hug , one he would not let go until things had calmed down .
It 's said the Horton often regretted how many penalties he took as a young player due to what he felt was a quick temper . He is fourth on the Leafs ' all-time penalty minute list with 1,349 , but that is more due to the fact he played 1,185 games as a Leaf ( second only to George Armstrong ) , and he posted 458 points . He was still an active NHL player for the Buffalo Sabres when he died as the result of a car crash in 1974 .
3 . Tie Domi ( 1989-90 , 1994-06 )
Tie Domi is a name that evokes a wide range of responses from hockey fans . Some will remember his sucker-punch on Ulf Samuelsson , the incident when a fan in Philly fell into the penalty box after Domi squirted water at him , or the horrific elbow Domi leveled on Scott Niedermayer in the playoffs . At times even fans in Toronto wondered why Domi was kept around , and why he got so much playing time .
Domi was one of the better heavyweights in the NHL during his career . Drafted by Toronto in the second round in 1989 and traded the following summer , Domi made his name as a New York Ranger in an ongoing series of fights with Bob Probert , and later as a member of the Winnipeg Jets in the early 1990s . He was reacquired by the Leafs in 1995 .
Tie was a Leaf for the next 10 seasons and was the acknowledged enforcer on a team that included tough customers like Wendel Clark , Kris King , Shayne Corson , Darcy Tucker , Gary Roberts and Wade Belak . In his time in Toronto , he garnered 2,265 penalty minutes , the franchise record . He also set a franchise record with 365 minutes in 1997-98 .
But lest one think Domi had little to offer , he did manage to score 84 goals ( 8 game winners ) and 196 points in his time as a Leaf . He scored more than 10 goals three times , and had career highs in goals ( 15 ) and points ( 29 ) in 2002-03 . Controversial as some of his antics were , Domi provided an element of toughness that helped the Leafs of the late 1990s and early 2000s find success .
2 . Wendel Clark ( 1985-94 , 1995-98 , 1999-00 )
Admittedly , for those outside Toronto , Wendel Clark , the first overall draft choice in 1985 , was a decent NHL player ; not a star , certainly not a superstar . But for Leafs fans , Clark was the right player at the right time , and he 'd become a legend in blue & white .
Clark entered the NHL with a crashing , banging , hard-hitting style , combined with offensive ability and a great shot . He scored 34 goals in his rookie season and added 227 PIM , all in his first season as a wing after being converted from defenceman ( which he played in junior ) . He quickly showed he was not going to back down from anyone , taking on the NHL 's heavyweights .
Wendel Clark was a fan favourite . Three times he topped 30 goals , and in 1993-94 he scored 46 . Injuries factored in early , beginning with a back injury that occurred in 1987 , limiting him to only one full NHL season during his career . But that did not stop Clark from continuing to be a big-hit , high-impact forward . His fights and penalty minutes decreased as he aged , but he still could level players with a bodycheck . And he still could throw punches – one of the most memorable incidents being in the 1993 Western Conference Finals .
It was the combination of ability and toughness that made Clark the perfect ( and really only ) choice for the captaincy of the Leafs in the early 1990s . He led by example — going to the dirty areas , throwing hits and taking on all comers . In 608 games as a Leaf , Clark combined 260 goals and 441 points with 1,535 penalty minutes , third in franchise history .
1 . Tiger Williams ( 1974-80 )
The NHL 's all-time career penalty minute leader spent the first 440 games of his career in a Maple Leafs uniform .
Tiger Williams was drafted in the second round in 1974 by the Maple Leafs , and played a game similar to later Leaf Wendel Clark . He could hit , he could fight , and he could provide offense . Tiger would play half a season in the minors before making the Maple Leafs for good . In only 42 games , he scored 10 goals and 29 points , adding 187 PIM — shades of things to come .
Williams was not simply an enforcer to protect guys like Darryl Sittler and Lanny McDonald . In fact , Sittler and McDonald were capable of protecting themselves in many situations . True , Tiger was there to take on the true heavyweights like Dave Schultz and Jerry Korab and the like , but in four full seasons with Toronto , he scored no fewer than 18 goals or 39 points and twice counted over 300 penalty minutes . He did n't back down from scraps , though he was n't necessarily the best fighter ( in this video , he loses a tough one to Terry O'Reilly ) .
He was a fan favourite not only for his fisticuffs , but he would ride his stick down the ice after a goal , twirling an imaginary lasso in the air , much to the dislike of the opposing team .
In 1979-80 he was on his way to his most productive season yet – 22 goals and 40 points in only 55 games – when he was traded to Vancouver . Tiger would find great success with the Canucks and eventually finished his career with 3,966 penalty minutes ( the equivalent of over 66 regulation NHL games ) . In 407 Toronto games , he scored 109 times , had 241 points and 1,670 minutes in penalties . Many remember him as 1/3 of one of the best first lines the Leafs ever had .
* * written by former THW contributor Mark Ascione and originally published on Aug. 21 , 2012 .
CHIANG RAI , Thailand : Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer squad trapped in a cave , and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal .
Divers , medics , counsellors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and their 25-year-old coach , providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely , a task the government said would not be easy .
Advertisement
`` The water is very strong and space is narrow . Extracting the children takes a lot of people , '' Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters .
`` Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive , '' he said , adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened , they would be taken out quickly .
By late on Tuesday , about 120 million litres of water had been pumped out , or about 1.6 million every hour .
It was unclear what the options were to get the `` Wild Boar '' team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight , fluid conditions and uncertain weather .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys , located about 4 km ( 2.5 miles ) from the mouth of the cave .
A group of about 30 divers in wetsuits was seen preparing kit and heading for the caves on Wednesday , accompanied by military personnel and a foreign cave expert .
A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits , occasionally laughing .
A torch is shone on each boy , who says hello and introduces himself with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional `` wai '' greeting .
A young player wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday 's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia . Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea .
NIGHTMARE OUTING
The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday , having been incommunicado since June 23 , when a post-practice outing went awry , prompting the high-profile search and rescue effort .
News that the team had survived sparked relief , celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage .
Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested it might have to happen in phases , but only when safe .
`` All 13 do n't have to come out at the same time , '' he told reporters . `` Who is ready first can go first . ''
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months , although supplies have been prepared for that period of time .
Weerachon Sukondhapatipak , a deputy government spokesman , said there was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task , and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster .
`` Some of them ca n't swim , so therefore it will take time for them to adjust , '' he said .
`` Officials would teach them how to move , how to dive , how to move their body under those circumstances . ''
Somboon Sompiangjai , 38 , said his son Peerapat , 16 , was able to swim , adding that he was confident the SEALS ' experience and professionalism would let them get the boys home safely .
`` I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive , '' he told Reuters .
`` I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits , even though they were in there for 10 days . ''
( Additional reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat in CHIANG RAI and Chayut Setboonsarng , Pracha Hariraksapitak and Aukkarapon Niyomyat in BANGKOK ; Writing by Martin Petty ; Editing by Darren Schuettler and Clarence Fernandez )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Trump administration on Friday announced it will continue much of the Obama administration 's nuclear weapons policy , but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia . It said Russia must be convinced it would face “ unacceptably dire costs ” if it were to threaten even a limited nuclear attack in Europe .
The sweeping review of U.S. nuclear policy does not call for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons — a position that stands in contrast to President Donald Trump 's statement , in a tweet shortly before he took office , that the U.S. “ must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. ” In his State of the Union address Tuesday , he made no mention of expansion , though he said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression .
A 74-page report summarizing the review 's findings calls North Korea a “ clear and grave threat ” to the U.S. and its allies . It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the U.S. or its allies will result in “ the end of that regime . ”
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary , saying the U.S. arsenal is tailored to “ prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding ” that it could gain advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia , or that “ any use of nuclear weapons , however limited , is acceptable . ”
The Pentagon-led review of the U.S. nuclear arsenal and the policies that govern it was ordered by Trump a year ago . In a written statement , Trump said U.S. strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely . In an apparent reference to the threat of catastrophic cyberattack , he said the U.S. aims to strengthen deterrence of major attacks against the U.S. and its allies , including those that “ may not come in the form of nuclear weapons . ”
Known officially as a nuclear posture review , and customarily done at the outset of a new administration , the report drew blistering criticism from arms control groups .
“ President Trump is embarking on a reckless path — one that will reduce U.S. security both now and in the longer term , ” said Lisbeth Gronlund , a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists . She said the administration is blurring the line between nuclear and conventional war-fighting .
The Trump administration concluded that the U.S. should largely follow its predecessor 's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal , including new bomber aircraft , submarines and land-based missiles . It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements , including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers .
The treaty , negotiated under President Barack Obama , entered into force on Feb. 5 , 2011 , and its weapons limits must be met by Monday . The U.S. says it has been in compliance with the limits since August and it expects the Russians to comply by Monday 's deadline . As of Sept. 1 , the last date for which official figures are available , Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit , at 1,561 .
“ Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time , and we have no reason to believe that that wo n't be the case , ” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Thursday .
The Pentagon 's nuclear review concluded that while arms control can advance American interests , “ further progress is difficult to envision , ” in light of what the U.S. considers Russia 's aggression in Ukraine and violations of existing arms deals . Administration officials briefed Russian and Chinese officials Friday prior to the review 's public release .
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama 's in ending his push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. defense policy . Like Obama , Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in “ extreme circumstances , ” while maintaining a degree of ambiguity about what that means . But Trump sees a fuller deterrent role for these weapons , as reflected in the plan to develop new capabilities to counter Russia in Europe .
The administration 's view is that Russian policies and actions are fraught with potential for miscalculation leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe . It specifically points to a Russian doctrine known as “ escalate to de-escalate , ” in which Moscow would use or threaten to use smaller-yield nuclear weapons in a limited , conventional conflict in Europe in the belief that doing so would compel the U.S. and NATO to back down .
“ Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow 's first-use of nuclear weapons , ” the review said .
The administration proposes a two-step solution .
First , it would modify “ a small number ” of existing long-range ballistic missiles carried by Trident strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads . John Rood , the undersecretary of defense for policy , declined to provide an estimate of the cost , saying it would be partially included in the 2019 budget that will be submitted to Congress later this month . He said the missile would be fielded “ in the near term , ” but he refused to be more specific .
Second , “ in the longer term , ” the administration would develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile — re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration .
Robert Soofer , a senior nuclear policy official at the Pentagon who helped direct the policy review , said Moscow is likely to push back on the U.S. plan for fielding those two additional weapons .
“ I 'm sure they wo n't respond well , ” Soofer said Thursday .
The press secretary at the Russian Embassy in Washington , Nikolay Lakhonin , did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
___
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Washington : The Senate Judiciary Committee is launching a wide-ranging probe into the circumstances behind the firing of former FBI Director James Comey , the media reported .
The committee 's chairman , Senator Chuck Grassley , laid out his plan in a letter made public on Wednesday in response to requests from Democrats to investigate potential obstruction of justice surrounding Comey 's dismissal by President Donald Trump last month , reports Politico .
`` The Judiciary Committee has an obligation to fully investigate any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations , '' Grassley wrote to his Democratic counterpart , Senator Dianne Feinstein of California .
`` It is my view that fully investigating the facts , circumstances , and rationale for Comey 's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative , bipartisan basis . ''
In the letter , Grassley also stressed that the committee is obligated to look into the Justice Department 's handling of the probe surrounding former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's private e-mail use in 2016 , citing Comey 's testimony last week that he was concerned the department `` could not credibly complete the investigation and decline prosecution without grievous damage to the American people 's confidence in the justice system '' .
`` There should be no improper interference with Federal Bureau of Investigation probes to favour any elected official or candidate of either party , '' Grassley wrote in the letter .
`` The Committee has an obligation to pursue all evidence of such misconduct . ''
Grassley and Feinstein met late Tuesday to discuss the Russia matter following testimony from Attorney General Jeff Sessions before the Senate Intelligence Committee , Politico reported .
The Judiciary Committee has oversight of the Justice Department and the FBI .
Coming up with the best opening line on a dating app is never easy . You want to sound interesting but not too out there , you want to get to know them but not be too aggressive . I 've always been a strong believer in asking a lot of questions and trying to get someone to open up that way . When you seem curious about people , they tend to really relax . But what kind of information are people willing to share with a total stranger ?
On dating apps we tend to see a lot of `` hey '' s and `` sup ? `` s at the beginning of a conversation , but it does n't have to be that way . Since relaunching as a relationship app and moving away from a swiping model , popular app Hinge reports that only one in every 500 conversations starts with `` hey '' . Thanks to the app 's new model , which features Prompts on your profile , they 've been five times more effective at getting conversations started — and at turning those conversations into dates .
Prompts are basically ideas to get the conversation going — little nuggets like `` the next vacation I want to go on is ... '' or `` my last meal would be ... `` . You finish the sentence and your potential date can learn a little about you . But there 's still a huge range of choice for how you can start a conversation , whether you use a Prompt or not .
Hinge looked at its data to see how people started conversations and found something really interesting — conversation starters varied around the country — a lot . People in Dallas had a very different approach than those in New York . In fact , every city had their little quirk .
If you want to get an idea of go-to openers near you , here were the top conversation starters for different cities .
1 New York City : `` Go-To Karaoke Song '' Giphy There 's a reason Hinge dubbed New Yorkers the `` partiers '' — their number one opener was talking about their go-to karaoke song . It 's a fitting choice for the city that never sleeps but loves tiny box rooms filled with drinks and microphones . Oh and in case you were wondering , mine 's `` Total Eclipse of the Heart '' .
2 Washington , D.C : `` Worst Roommate Story '' Giphy The politicos and students of Washington D.C. go straight in for the gossip — their most common opener is asking about your worst roommate ever . As pretty much everyone has a horrible and hilarious bad roommate story , it 's a strong choice .
3 Boston : `` My Childhood Crush '' Giphy I would never have pegged Beantown as being sentimental , but the people of Boston pull at the heart strings and ask about your childhood crush . Mine ended in a fight over the red pencil grip and tears and those wounds are still deep , so no , thank you . I 'll be keeping those details to myself .
4 Chicago : `` Story About My Fake ID '' Giphy They do n't mess around in Chicago . It 's time for a fake ID story — which leaves out folks like me who never had one , because I 've always looked as haggard as a mid-40s divorcee and no one has ever asked a question before giving me alcohol .
5 San Francisco : `` How My Parents Met '' Giphy Another nostalgic choice , the sunny West Coasters of San Francisco were most likely to ask about how your parents met or tell you how theirs got together .
6 Los Angeles : `` What I Wanted To Be When I Grew Up '' Giphy This is a cute one — folks in Los Angeles opened by talking about their childhood ambitions . I would love the chance to explain that as a child I wanted to be a pediatrician but as an adult I realized I hate children and helping people .
New Delhi : Three coaches of the Ajmer-Jammu Tawi Puja Express derailed on Jaipur-Phulera double track around 3.43 pm on Tuesday .
No casualty was reported , officials said .
Three sleeper coaches — S2 , S3 and S9 — derailed when the train had just departed from a yard at Phulera junction towards Jaipur , North Western Railway ( NWR ) CPRO Tarun Jain said .
“ No passenger was injured in the mishap , and restoration work is underway . The track would be restored soon , '' he said .
Senior officers from the North Western Railway also supervised the work .
This is the second such incident in the zone since Tuesday morning .
An SLR coach of Lalgarh-Dibrugarh Express derailed near Hanumangarh in Rajasthan after hitting a wild animal in the wee hours on Tuesday .
There was no casualty and restoration of track was completed for smooth running of trains , an NWR spokesman said .
Meanwhile , three trains — Jaipur-Jaisalmer Express , Jaipur-Chandigarh Express and Chandigarh-Jaipur Express — have been cancelled . Indore-Jodhpur Express and Bhopal-Jodhpur Express were partially cancelled and the route of Chandigarh-Bandra terminus has been diverted , the spokesperson added .
Returnees bring economic health to rural areas
SHERIDAN — Sheridan often sees members of its younger generations waving goodbye after high school and college , trading in small-town life for the glitz and excitement of larger cities . It 's not uncommon , though , that the same individuals who leave come back later in life , bringing with them family and diverse knowledge that add to Sheridan 's economic health .
That story played out for Michael Lansing .
Lansing left Sheridan to attend the University of Wyoming after he graduated from high school in 1986 . From there , Lansing moved to Texas and Oklahoma before going back to UW to receive his master 's in finance .
He moved back to Sheridan briefly before heading to Casper 12 years ago .
Now , Lansing is preparing to expand the law firm in which he is a partner , Chapman Valdez & Lansing , to Sheridan . He said the decision to move back has a lot to do with the community and school system , as Lansing will bring his wife and five children to Sheridan .
A U.S. Department of Agriculture , Economic Research Service study published in 2015 examined factors that affect former residents ' decisions to return to rural communities .
During the study , roughly 300 interviews were conducted at high school reunions in 21 communities across the U.S . Individuals were asked about reasons for staying , returning , not returning and the effects they believed they had upon return to rural communities .
The study found the main reasons that motivated returnees were family related .
Advanced Communications Technology business solutions specialist Rob Johnson cited family as a big factor in his reasons to return to the area .
Johnson graduated from Tongue River High School in 2008 , attended Black Hills State University then decided to get a big city experience in Houston , Texas . He said he quickly realized that was n't a good fit and moved to Denver , Colorado , to be closer to home .
“ It was closer where I could drive to see family , ” Johnson said . “ … ( but ) it never felt like home . ”
Johnson said he likes the small-town feel and sense of community Sheridan offers . While living in Denver he met his wife , Emma , who is also from Sheridan . He said even if that had n't happened , he would have eventually moved home anyway .
“ I know I would have found my way back here , ” Johnson said . “ I do n't know when that would have been , but I know it would have been sooner rather than later . ”
While the USDA study cited family reasons as the main determiner , it said returnees ' decisions to move back home also largely depended on securing a job . Many who did n't return cited low wages and lack of career opportunities as barriers to returning .
Jenae Neeson graduated from Big Horn High School in 1994 , left the area in 1996 and returned in 2014 .
As a creative director , designer and photographer for her own company , Jenae Neeson Creatives , she has the ability to work from anywhere . She chose to come back to Sheridan after living in Montana , Illinois and California to be closer to the mountains and family . She works with clients across the country , but chose Wyoming as where she wants to live .
Sen. Dave Kinskey , R-Sheridan , who 's also a returnee , said 21st century telework is something economic strategists focus on when it comes to keeping and attracting younger generations .
Kinskey also said Sheridan managed to avoid drastic effects of the economic bust during the 2008-2009 recession , and he hopes the city is in a “ sweet spot ” where it sees steady , modest growth .
“ In the long run , that slow and steady ( growth ) builds you a much stronger foundation for your community , ” Kinskey said .
An economic base analysis for Sheridan County completed by former Wyoming Business Council northeast regional director David Spencer supports Kinskey 's statement .
Presented to local economic entities , like the Sheridan Chamber of Commerce in May 2016 , the analysis says Sheridan County already has a well-diversified economy and is better positioned than most communities in Wyoming to grow and strengthen it .
It says the most important sectors in the private economy are natural resource production , construction , leisure and hospitality , services , trade and finance activities .
“ This represents more dominant sectors than any other county in the Northeast region , ” the report says .
Additionally , it says Sheridan 's economic growth has been largely driven by steady in-migration and modest economic expansion .
The USDA study also found in-migration of returnees brought different education and job training and these workers often filled positions as doctors , bankers , hospital administrators and entrepreneurs . They also brought with them spouses and children , increasing overall population .
But bringing children back to hometowns does more than add to the population .
The study says bringing young children back also gives them a higher chance of establishing strong friendships and ties to the community , and since it increases enrollment size in schools , it can sometimes make the difference between retaining or cutting programs .
Now , Kinskey said , it 's about communicating Sheridan 's prospects with the younger generations and those travelling back to the area for visits .
“ How can we get a message to these folks , say during rodeo when so many of them come home , about the opportunities that are here in Sheridan , ” Kinskey said , later noting Sheridan 's varied sectors including manufacturing , agriculture , health care and independent professionals . “ …We just seem to have a lot of eggs in the basket , which is much healthier than it 's ever been before I think . ”
( WAVY ) A driver 's license is like a ticket to freedom for a teenager , or at least that 's the way it 's been viewed for generations . That seems to be changing .
Data obtained from the Virginia DMV shows a sharp decline in teen drivers , a 55 percent drop in the number of 16- year-olds getting a driver 's license between 2000 and 2015 .
Raven Lamb avoided getting a driver 's license for eight years . She 's now learning to drive at 24 .
“ It 's scary getting out on the road at 16 because you 're trying to make sure you do n't hit anybody and you see the news , all these accidents and you 're like ‘ oh my God I do n't want to hit nobody , ' ” Lamb says .
AAA has looked into the phenomenon of delayed driving . They found graduated licenses do n't deter teens , but cost does .
Fewer of them have jobs and the money to pay for a car , gas or insurance .
Pro-life advocates in Cebu on Saturday held a forum to help people decide on issues concerning morals .
Dr. Rene Josef Bullecer , country director of Human Life International , said it is important for every Filipino to have an informed choice on proposals to legalize divorce , gay union , and medical marijuana in the Philippines .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Many people are deceived by fake news or just simply go with the flow . They forget to reflect on what really is proper , ” he said in an interview .
Bullecer said they will hold more activities to encourage the people to get rid of bills that destroys the family and life . This includes a prayer rally in Cebu City this February 24 .
“ May the Lord spare the Philippines from these Godless bills , ” he said .
Present during the forum were Buhay Rep. Lito Atienza , Rep. Raul del Mar of Cebu City 's north district , lawyers Gloria Dalawampu , Democrito Barcenas , and Magdalena Lepiten .
Premier Brian Pallister is n't ready to commit to shipping subsidies after rail service to for Churchill , Manitoba was suspended indefinitely .
The northern community on the west side of Hudson Bay relies heavily on imported goods like food , fuel and propane arriving by train since there is no road leading to the town .
However , Pallister said it would be premature to grant any kind of subsidy until more is known about what commodities Churchill needs and how long repairs to the rail line will take .
READ MORE : Photos show widespread damage on rail line to Churchill
“ You do n't agree to a subsidy until you know what the subsidy is for . We have n't assessed the damage on the rail line for example , we do n't know the time frames , we do n't know the nature of the supplies that are needed , ” Pallister said .
“ We have the advantage of a long runway so we know we can do additional air cargo but we 're not sure exactly what the nature of the list of things that 's needed is , ” he continued .
Omnitrax , the owner of the rail line , said it will take four weeks to determine exactly how badly spring flooding damaged the rail line .
READ MORE : Churchill residents on edge after rail line cut off
There are potentially hundreds of culverts and dozens of bridges that will need to replaced or repaired .
“ The rail line is owned and operated by Omnitrax it is their property . I 'm very interested obviously in determining to what degree they can fulfill the obligations in their contract and as expeditiously as possible , ” said the Premier when asked if there is a place for the province to provide financial assistance to Omnitrax to repair the rail line .
Pallister said declaring a state of emergency had been discussed but not yet implemented .
READ MORE : Train to Churchill , Man . suspended ‘ indefinitely ' after flooding damage
He also called on the federal government to commit financial assistance , “ oh absolutely of course we do , the federal government has resources that are far beyond ours . ”
TASHKENT : A court in Uzbekistan convicted an Uzbek-born U.S. citizen for links to militant Islam and calling for the government 's overthrow , but imposed only a US $ 67 fine for the almost 20-year-old offences .
Zokir Aliyev , 46 , an American citizen since 2014 , was detained on June 16 by Uzbekistan 's state security service on suspicion of belonging to an Islamist militant group .
Advertisement
He was freed after six days in detention and then stood trial in the former Soviet republic that has traditionally been tough on Islamists after an insurgency in the 1990s .
The Uzbek Supreme Court 's press office said on Wednesday that a provincial court had convicted Aliyev of publicly calling for the toppling of the government and participating in an extremist group .
But it said the court imposed only the small fine based on a multiple of the official minimum wage as of December 1999 when the alleged offence occurred .
No further explanation was given . But the Uzbek criminal code says the punishment for such offences can be as mild as a fine , or a fine plus prison time .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Aliyev , who could not be reached for comment on Wednesday , earlier denied any involvement with the militant Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan ( IMU ) and said he had only taken part in some Uzbek opposition activist meetings in Turkey in the 1990s .
Uzbekistan 's state security service said via the state news agency UzA last month that Aliyev had been on its wanted list since 2005 over suspected affiliation with the IMU .
IMU fighters fought alongside the Taliban in Afghanistan after retreating from their home country and the intelligence service told UzA they suspected Aliyev had trained there .
According to what appears to be Aliyev 's Facebook page , which gives his name as Zokir Ali , he has lived recently in the U.S. state of Virginia and studied at the University of Nevada .
The U.S. embassy in Tashkent declined comment on his case , citing privacy concerns .
( Reporting by Mukhammadaharif Mamatkulov ; Writing by Olzhas Auyezov ; Editing by Mark Heinrich )
The Jharkhand Academic Council ( JAC ) is expected to declare the results for the Intermediate Class XII Arts 2017 examination on Thursday . Candidates can check their grades on the official results websites , jac.nic.in or jharresults.nic .
Though an official update on the results is yet to come from JAC , media reports said that the Class XII Arts results would be announced on 15 June .
If the candidates are unable to access the official website once the results are out , they can visit alternate result websites like indiaresults.com .
The JAC Class XII Intermediate Arts Exam were conducted from 18 February to 7 March .
Results for Class X and Class XII ( Commerce and Science stream ) were declared on 30 May . Nearly 8 lakh candidates appeared for both JAC Class X and Class XII examination this year , NDTV reported .
Steps to obtain results :
Log on to the official result website , jac.nic.in .
Click on either of the links provided under 'Intermediate Examination Result 2017 ' and then select the option available for Arts stream .
Enter your roll number and click 'submit ' to check your detailed grades .
Download the result and take a printout for future reference .
As has been observed over the course of the past few weeks , the dates and times of result announcements have been frequently changed . The information above has not been independently verified . However , this article will continue to be updated to reflect official updates as and when they come in .
Jurors at Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial will resume deliberations on Thursday , after nearly 30 hours of discussions stretching over 2-1/2 days have failed to yield a verdict .
NORRISTOWN , Pa. : Jurors at Bill Cosby 's sexual assault trial will resume deliberations on Thursday , after nearly 30 hours of discussions stretching over 2-1/2 days have failed to yield a verdict .
Cosby , the 79-year-old entertainer once beloved for his brand of family-friendly comedy , is accused of drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand , then 31 , at his home near Philadelphia in 2004 .
The jury in Norristown , Pennsylvania , deliberated into Wednesday night , after reviewing testimony from a police officer who interviewed Cosby about the incident in 2005 .
Constand is one of dozens of women who have accused the former star of the 1980s hit TV comedy `` The Cosby Show '' of assaulting them , often after plying them with pills and alcohol , in a series of incidents over four decades .
Constand 's allegations are the only ones to result in criminal charges because the others are too old to allow for prosecution . Cosby has denied every claim , saying his encounters with Constand and others were consensual .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The jury has gone back and forth between various accounts of the incident from both Cosby and Constand , asking that trial testimony and key documents be reread to them .
On Wednesday , the jurors heard Constand 's trial testimony again as well as Cosby 's statements to police from 2005 .
Earlier in the week , the jury revisited the testimony of a police officer who took her initial statement in 2005 and Cosby 's description of the night from sworn depositions he gave in 2005 and 2006 during Constand 's civil lawsuit .
Defense lawyers at trial emphasized various discrepancies in the statements Constand made to police in 2005 in an effort to undermine her credibility .
Prosecutors , meanwhile , used Constand 's testimony as well as the words of a second accuser , Kelly Johnson , to portray Cosby as a serial predator . Johnson told jurors Cosby sexually assaulted her in strikingly similar fashion in 1996 .
Cosby did not testify . In his decade-old depositions , Cosby said he gave Constand Benadryl - calling the pills her `` friends '' without telling her what they were - and admitted to giving other young women Quaaludes , a sedative , in the 1970s .
( Reporting by Joseph Ax ; Editing by Scott Malone and Bill Trott )
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Keys to Financial Wellness : Businesses are thinking beyond the bottom line
Steve Fournier , President , Central New York Market , KeyBank
By Stephen Fournier , President , Central New York Market , KeyBank
May is National Small Business month , a time to recognize small businesses , their impact on American culture and economy and honor the amazing people who run them .
In today 's economy , consumers care about how businesses operate and what they stand for . In fact , according to a global sustainability report by Nielsen , customers are 43 percent more likely to purchase a product from a company they know is committed to social value .
In recent years , small , local businesses have been ahead of the curve when it comes to social value . Thinking beyond the bottom line has been a differentiator and competitive advantage .
However , businesses of all sizes have taken notice and have gotten behind this trend . For example , major financial service industry leaders like KeyBank 's Beth Mooney and BlackRock 's Larry Fink are challenging fellow business owners and executives to rethink their economic impact , environmental footprint and social conscience .
In practice , the number of companies directing corporate citizenship from the senior executive level has increased nearly 75 percent compared to five years ago . At KeyBank , corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) initiatives that positively affect economic impact , environmental footprint and social awareness are woven into the fabric of who we are and in whom we invest . An example of this is KeyBank 's $ 2.5 billion commitment to invest in small business/farm lending through 2022 .
Even with large corporations beginning to grow a social conscience , local small businesses remain at the heart of this movement .
Not only do small businesses have a positive impact on society based on their unique understanding of the local and regional communities they serve , but locally owned businesses typically have people who are deeply ingrained in the community and have genuine care for it . They truly are neighbors . They represent the broader population . They want to see their town 's Main Street booming and watch other businesses thrive . They want to know they 're adding value to the community at large in any way possible . And they recognize that their ability to flourish is interwoven with the overall health of the communities in which they operate .
This is as true in Central New York as it is anywhere else . For local business owners and leaders , embracing this model can create opportunity and drive growth . For those who need convincing that this new approach to conducting business is worthwhile , consider the following three benefits : community vitality , customer loyalty and employee recruitment and retention .
Community Vitality
It may seem like common sense , but it bears repeating : small businesses are key to communities . When these businesses thrive , communities thrive . Not only are they essential to the community , the community embraces the initiatives set forth by business owners and leaders , like community fundraisers and profit proceeds for disaster-relief , education , youth services or medical aid .
Customer Loyalty
As part of running any business , customer loyalty is a must . Simply , businesses need customers to help sustain a healthy bottom line . However , in today 's world where consumers prioritize social awareness from the businesses they support , it is essential business owners market and express the initiatives they are most passionate about with customers . Interestingly , Double the Donation reports 55 percent of consumers say they are willing to pay more for products from socially responsible companies . And it 's not just in driving revenue , it is about building relationships and crafting the makings for customer loyalty .
Employee Recruitment & Retention
Not only do socially responsible business practices benefit the bottom line in terms of customer loyalty and added product value , it can aid employee recruitment and potentially reduce turnover . As the Millennial generation has shown , they are committed to doing good and supporting companies that do the same . In fact , 79 percent of millennials said they consider corporate responsibility when deciding where to work , and 74 percent say their job is more fulfilling when they are provided opportunities to make a positive impact at work . In times when turnover is high or during the holiday season when employee demand rises , remember : employees care and want their employer to care as well .
The question remains : how can businesses prove to employees they are socially responsible and authentically showcase philanthropic efforts ?
For-profit organizations can consider registering as a B Corp . This registration will demonstrate to potential ( and current ) employees how the business is legally recognized as an organization with a duty to serve their community . B Corp classification can validate a business 's sustainable practices within the market .
While the added economic value of corporate social responsibility is evident , it 's also important to remember people care and businesses should , too . May is Small Business Month . Think of how your business can improve its social conscience . Not just as a feel good or nice to do , but as a business imperative that is core to your success . If and/or when you do , your business , employees and community will thank you .
About the author : Stephen Fournier is president of KeyBank 's Central New York Market . He may be reached at either 315-470-5096 or stephen.fournier @ keybank.com .
Benefits of shopping locally One of the most persuasive benefits of shopping locally is the economic boost communities get from locally owned independent businesses . In fact , Forbes recently looked at why shopping at small businesses is important . Here 's a sample of what they found and why you should support your locally owned businesses this Small Business Month…and beyond . Job creation Local businesses employ about 77 million Americans . When we shop locally , more of our money stays local , so it has a direct positive impact on creating more jobs for people in the neighborhoods in which we live .
Local business owners tend to hire people who represent the demographics of the surrounding community , including historically underserved populations . Considering that 40 percent of small businesses are in low-income communities , local job creation can be a great driver of community revitalization . Diversification Local businesses add to the diversity of products and services available to a community . Whereas chain stores often stock shelves that reflect national demands , a local sporting goods store is more likely to focus on community interests , from niche gear to offering apparel in local school colors .
Vibrant local business communities also make neighborhoods more interesting . This tends to attract new residents and encourages growth . Network development Shopping at small businesses provides access to local expertise . For example , a local garden shop can tell you which variety of tomato grows best in your climate . You can also get more personalized service by establishing a relationship with the owner , including quicker resolutions to customer service issues .
Thriving local businesses often hire other small businesses to perform support tasks or provide raw materials and resources . This bolsters networks that can promote further growth and/or generate demand for more services , such as co-working spaces , local deliveries and advocacy groups . Environmental sustainability Consumers who walk to local town centers reduce their use of cars and buses . Similarly , buying from small businesses that source local products can reduce the environmental impact that national chains impose in their transportation of goods . Real estate growth Neighborhoods served by successful small businesses see home values increase 50 percent on average and improve desirability with prospective homebuyers .
As real estate prices grow , communities can attract new investments to spur continued economic growth . This is especially important in low-income neighborhoods , where small businesses may have a harder time obtaining loans and resources .
An influx of new residents increases local tax revenue , which boost infrastructure spending for schools , public safety departments , libraries and parks that strengthen communities and drive future growth .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
MUMBAI : Singer Tulsi Kumar , who is currently in Greece , is having a gala time at Mykonos Island there .
The new mommy recently shared a picture of her indulging into quad biking with husband Hitesh Ralhan .
The Raat Kamaal Hai singer was also seen flaunting yellow attire in a picturesque landscape .
But , this post surely gave us some romantic goals as the sensational artist posed with her bae .
Related Coverage 1 dead , 1 critically injured after aerial fireworks explosion
Selling , using or even having illegal fireworks could send you to jail for up to five years , but even with it 's a pretty stiff penalty people are still willing to risk their freedom and their lives to make their new year start with a bang .
It 's a debate that seems to come up every year : what can be done to curb the use of illegal aerials ?
KHON2 spoke with city councilwoman Ann Kobayashi and she said , simply put , people just need to be responsible with the cultural tradition .
“ Growing up in Hawaii many people are just used to on New Years Eve , they go to grandma 's house , they go to aunty 's house and they all get together eat and play fireworks , ” the councilwoman said .
But it 's an island tradition that can also be dangerous .
Back in 1996 , Hawaii law changed to allow everyone to buy as much non-aerial fireworks as they wanted , such as sparklers and fountains in an effort to keep aerial fireworks out of the skies .
It 's unclear if that actually worked , but that did lead to later complaints about too much noise and smoke .
“ There was a move to try to allow fountains and other harmless kind of fireworks but I do n't think we 'll be pushing that especially after what happened , ” Kobyashi told KHON2 . “ That 's what makes it hard to do the really harmless fountains because things like this happen and then it casts this big black cloud over all fireworks . ”
Kobayashi adds that she stands behind the current permit system for firecrackers but she says , ultimately , there is only so many lawmakers can do to keep people safe .
“ We all have to be responsible for our children , for ourselves so we cant really legislate people into being responsible , ” she said .
SINGAPORE : A war relic discovered around Lorong N Telok Kurau was safely detonated on Thursday ( Oct 5 ) .
The relic was found on Tuesday , The Singapore Army said in a Facebook post on Thursday night .
The day it was found , the Singapore Armed Forces ' Explosive Ordnance Disposal team assessed the object to be a high explosive projectile measuring 15cm in diameter and 59cm in length .
The team safely detonated the projectile on Thursday afternoon , it said .
The detonation comes a week after another World War II projectile was found and detonated at a construction site on Jurong Island . Another war relic was found near East Coast Park in March last year and seven war relics near Changi Airport Terminal 2 were disposed of last February .
Advertisement
RIO DE JANEIRO : Brazil 's army is often called to help when things go wrong , so it was no surprise to see soldiers deploy during a crippling truckers ' strike . The difference this time : loud calls for the military to take over the country altogether .
Truckers launched their action 10 days ago , gumming up the food and fuel supply system across Latin America 's biggest economy .
Advertisement
Their protest began over rising fuel prices . However , public backing for the shutdown indicated much wider discontent at Brazil 's floundering economy , unpopular government and rampant corruption .
In response , center-right President Michel Temer ordered the army to escort non-striking trucks safely past picket lines .
Soldiers take part in an operation to clear highway Regis Bittencourt , 30km from São Paulo , as a truckers ' strike against rising fuel costs in Brazil that has left much of the country paralyzed , is now over . ( Photo : AFP/Nelson Almeida )
But far from being angry at the arrival of troops , a number of strikers greeted them with banners reading : `` Intervention now ! ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Intervencao ja ! '' as it goes in Portuguese , is shorthand for a return to the military dictatorship that ruled here between 1964 and 1985 , or at least a coup , followed by new elections .
The slogan appears periodically on the fringes of mainstream anti-government rallies .
Now , though , it took center stage during national media coverage , with drivers unafraid to voice support for a takeover .
`` We want military intervention , if possible , to sort out this country , '' said Alexandre Bastos , 43 , who was taking part in a truckers ' blockade of a refinery outside Rio de Janeiro , told AFP .
`` Intervention would have nothing to do with dictatorship . We just want the army to intervene . ''
There was even a fake news rumor spread on WhatsApp that the constitution required military intervention once the strike lasted seven working days and six hours , which would have meant on Tuesday ( May 29 )
The supposed deadline came and went . But all of a sudden this normally toxic subject had become that much more mainstream .
`` It 's a feeling that is growing in the population , which sees the military as the solution to the nation 's problems , '' reserve army general Augusto Heleno told Folha de S.Paulo newspaper Wednesday .
Heleno , who commanded UN peacekeepers in Haiti , insisted that the armed forces `` do not intend , do not seek '' a coup .
But he then went on to praise the dictatorship 's image of `` a more organised country , where people had a better life . ''
`` I 'm not saying it was like that . But this is the image a lot of people have . ''
SOLDIERS TO THE RESCUE
Brazilians have got used to seeing the military step in where other institutions fail .
Residents of Rio de Janeiro no longer bat an eyelid at the sight of soldiers in full battle dress . During the 2016 Rio Olympics and again , starting last year , soldiers regularly deployed everywhere from Copacabana beach to the chaotic , violent favelas where drug gangs rule .
A government decree this year went a step further , putting generals in charge of Rio 's police , firefighters and other emergency services , citing the regular leaders ' failure to control crime .
It 's not just bringing law and order , either .
Soldiers take part in an operation to clear highway Regis Bittencourt , 30km from São Paulo , on May 30 , 2018 as a truckers ' strike against rising fuel costs . ( Photo : AFP/Nelson Almeida )
When Brazil was in the midst of a Zika crisis in 2016 , with the Olympics coming , it was the military that again came to the rescue , going house to eradicate mosquitoes in at-risk areas .
The military 's sterling reputation is a big part of the presidential campaign for former army captain Jair Bolsonaro , a frontrunner in the October polls .
Although Bolsonaro often expresses nostalgia for the dictatorship , he declined to support the truckers demanding intervention , saying that the right wing should come to power through the ballot box , rather than being told `` there was a coup . ''
Still , even if coup talk is mostly hot air , the subject was worrying enough to prompt Supreme Court Chief Justice Carmen Lucia on Wednesday to pronounce : `` Democracy is the sole legitimate path . ''
Temer 's institutional security minister , Sergio Etchegoyen , also sought to reassure Brazilians .
`` Military intervention is a topic from last century , '' he said .
BAMAKO : The Ivory Coast extended their lead at the top of Group C in their World Cup qualifying campaign on Friday , but the 0-0 draw away to Mali means they can now be overtaken by Morocco .
Russian-based striker Moussa Doumbia missed a first half sitter and struck the crossbar in the second half as the hosts , already out of contention for a place at next year 's finals , came close to their first win of the campaign .
The Ivorians , who lost several key players to injury on the eve of the game , moved to eight points from five matches , two more than Morocco who play on Saturday at home to Gabon .
Should the Moroccans win , they will go top by a point and set up a potentially dramatic conclusion to the group next month when they travel to the Ivory Coast for their last match .
The Ivorians have been to the last three World Cup finals but turned in a listless showing on Friday .
( Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town ; Editing by Christian Radnedge )
Advertisement
Mumbai police on Sunday arrested the man who allegedly molested Dangal actress Zaira Wasim on board a flight . According to a report by The Economic Times , he will be kept in custody till 13 December .
The accused was identified as 39-year-old Vikas Sachdeva , a senior executive at an entertainment firm in Mumbai , according to a Times of Indiareport .
According to ANI , the action was taken after the Mumbai Police registered an FIR against Sachdeva under section 354 IPC & POCSO Act in the matter . The 17-year-old actress said that she was molested mid-air by a middle-aged man , drawing strong reactions by women 's rights activists and politicians .
Sachdeva 's wife , Divya Sachdeva , has now responded to the allegations leveled against her husband and has come out in his defense .
“ We as a family are completely shattered . My father is an ex-army officer and my husband is an income tax officer 's son . We respect women . She ( Zaira ) is making an allegation for publicity to get the limelight . He had gone for the condolence prayer of his real mama . He was in trauma and shock . He was exhausted and just wanted to sleep . Every time women need n't be right . Men can be innocent too , '' said Divya , according to a News18 report .
Divya said that her husband was `` innocent '' and that he did not have any `` intention to molest '' , according to a tweet by ANI .
My husband is innocent , had no intention to molest . There was a young death in family , which is where he went , had n't slept for 24 hours . He asked crew to not disturb & wanted to sleep . His foot was on arm rest but not with intention to harass : Wife of accused in # ZairaWasim case pic.twitter.com/UA7WokkJfe — ANI ( @ ANI ) December 11 , 2017
Sachdeva also told the police that his foot touched the actor by mistake and that he apologised to her after she raised an alarm . The National Award winning Kashmiri actress complained about her ordeal on an Instagram live video , claiming that a middle-aged man seated behind her moved his foot up and down her neck and back . In the self-shot video on Instagram , Zaira is also seen breaking down . `` I just landed , the whole irony of this that I yelled ... and this is not done ... this is not how you should be treated or made to feel . This is terrible ... This is how they will take care of girls ? No one will help us if we do n't decide to help ourselves and that is the worst thing , '' she said , looking visibly disturbed . The incident took place on board a Vistara Airlines flight from Delhi to Mumbai . Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti reacted to the incident , saying she was appalled by what happened to Zaira . `` Any harassment or crime against women should be dealt with swiftly and effectively . As a mother of two daughters , I am appalled at what happened with Zaira , '' Mufti tweeted and urged the authorities to take strict action . Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the passenger should be identified by Air Vistara and legal action should be taken against him . The Civil Aviation Ministry has sought a report on the incident and the National Commission for Women ( NCW ) has written to the Maharashtra DGP and the ethics officer demanding a `` satisfactory explanation to the commission '' on the matter within 24 hours . NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma , Swati Maliwal of the Delhi Commission for Women ( DCW ) and Maharashtra State Commission for Women ( MSCW ) Chairperson Vijaya Rahatkar , issued notices to authorities concerned to take due action . It is also reported that DCW has sent a notice to Vistara Airlines seeking a report till 16 December . Vistara Airlines apologized to Zaira and said it was carrying out a detailed investigation . `` We will support Wasim in every way required and also if she decides to report this matter to the police ... We apologise for what Wasim experienced and we have zero tolerance for such behaviour , '' a post on the airlines ' official Twitter page stated .
We @ airvistara have seen the reports regarding @ ZairaWasimmm experience with another customer on board last night . We are carrying out detailed investigation and will support Zaira in every way required . We have zero tolerance for such behaviour . — Vistara ( @ airvistara ) December 10 , 2017
From the film industry , director Onir and actress Swara Bhasker came out in support of Zaira . `` Shame Vistara that your staff did nothing . Shame on all the passengers , they are equally guilty as this moron . It should not be difficult for airlines to locate him from seat no . He should be arrested and punished , '' Onir tweeted . Swara slammed it an `` intolerable '' incident and said , `` We are now at that point where a 17-year-old child has to remind us what is right and what is wrong . I 'm so sorry that adults around you let you down , Zaira Wasim . But you keep up the good fight . Stay strong . '' Filmmaker Ravinder Randhawa was also enraged by the criticism Wasim received after talking about the incident , saying `` We are a nation where a rape happened in broad daylight and no one intervened . But we are quick to question the victim and her intentions the moment she raises her voice . So , all you cowards out there . Zaira Wasim is a brave girl , braver than all , '' he said .
We are a nation where a rape happened in broad daylight and no one intervened . But we are quick to question the victim and her intentions the moment she raises her voice . So , all you cowards out there . Zaira Wasim is a brave girl , braver than all of you . 2/2 — Ravinder Randhawa ( @ RaviRandhawa77 ) December 10 , 2017
Wrestler Babita Phogat also tweeted a video in support of Zaira , who played the younger version of Geeta Phogat in Dangal .
`` If someone is misbehaving with you , give a tight slap on their face . They will never dare to repeat their actions again . Zaira , you do n't need to be afraid of anyone and just be 'dhaakad ' ( bold ) in real life as well , '' Babita said in the video .
With inputs from agencies
New York : United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and a top North Korean official met in New York on Wednesday over a beef dinner to try to salvage next month 's summit between the North Korean and US leaders .
Kim Yong Chol , considered the right-hand man of leader Kim Jong-un , flew in on an Air China flight from Beijing , becoming the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States in 18 years . Pyongyang 's envoy joined Pompeo at the apartment of a US diplomat on Manhattan 's East side for the evening meal that lasted about an hour and a half . Two more meetings are scheduled for Thursday .
Asked about the working dinner , Pompeo told reporters afterwards : `` It was great , '' adding that they had enjoyed a meal of `` American beef '' . It was the third meeting between the two officials who are working to finalize planning for a 12 June summit designed to end a nuclear standoff that once threatened to plunge Korea back into war . `` They are meeting to see what needs to be done in the two weeks that remain , '' a senior US official said .
The United States wants North Korea to agree to `` complete , verifiable and irreversible denuclearization '' of the Korean peninsula . US and North Korean envoys have also been meeting in Panmunjom in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea , and an American `` pre-advance '' team is in Singapore to make logistical arrangements for the rapidly planned meeting .
Since the US cancelled the planned summit last week , both sides have dialled down the rhetoric Earlier this month , president Donald Trump suddenly announced a cancellation of the summit after North Korea issued a sharp rebuke of what it saw as threatening language from the US side , and the US side warns talks could be postponed if Kim is not serious about disarmament . `` Between now and if we 're going to have a summit , they 're going to have to make clear what they 're willing to do , '' said the official . The decision to hold the summit `` is 100 percent in the hands of the president '' , he added .
Moscow said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would travel to North Korea on Thursday to discuss Pyongyang 's nuclear program . Pompeo and Lavrov spoke by telephone for the first time Wednesday . Pompeo called his South Korean and Singaporean counterparts over the weekend and Japan is also keenly watching summit preparations . Trump will meet its Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Washington on 7 June .
On Sunday , US negotiators , headed by Washington 's ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim , began meeting North Korean counterparts in the truce village of Panmunjom that divides the two Koreas . Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean on US soil since Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok met then-president Bill Clinton in 2000 . The general has played a front-seat role during recent rounds of diplomacy aimed at ending the nuclear stalemate on the Korean peninsula .
He sat next to Trump 's daughter Ivanka , who is also a White House aide , during February 's closing ceremony for the Winter Olympics in South Korea , an event that was seen as a turning point in the nuclear crisis . He also accompanied Kim Jong-un on both of his recent trips to China to meet President Xi Jinping and held talks with Pompeo when he travelled to Pyongyang .
Kim 's journey to the US caps a frenetic few days of meetings between North Korean and American officials . The key task is to settle the agenda . The main stumbling block is likely to be the concept of `` denuclearization '' — both sides say they want it , but there is a yawning gap between their definitions . Washington wants North Korea to quickly give up all its nuclear weapons in a verifiable way in return for sanctions and economic relief . But analysts say North Korea will be unwilling to cede its nuclear deterrent unless it is given security guarantees that the US will not try to topple the regime .
By TIM DAHLBERG
AP Boxing Writer
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement to meet UFC star Conor McGregor in an Aug. 26 boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world .
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday , after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would return at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing fight .
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules . It will take place at 154 pounds .
`` It 's official , '' Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters .
`` THE FIGHT IS ON , '' McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier , posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather 's father , Floyd Sr .
Mayweather , who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights , will face the Irish UFC superstar at the T-Mobile arena on the Las Vegas Strip . He had tweeted a picture of himself sparring in recent days to show he was already getting ready for the bout .
`` This is really an unprecedented event , '' said Stephen Espinoza , who heads Showtime Sports , which will handle the pay-per-view . `` Really we have n't seen anything in modern history that resembles it , it 's impossible to predict how many sales this will do . ''
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather 's team pushed for the fight in recent days .
`` All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done , '' he said . `` The sky 's the limit on this . ''
Financial terms were not released , though Mayweather got the greater share of revenue when he fought Manny Pacquiao and is expected to have a similar percentage against McGregor .
Depending on pay-per-view sales , both fighters could earn huge purses , though probably not the $ 200 million or so Mayweather earned for Pacquiao .
`` Everybody 's happy , '' said Mayweather 's adviser , Leonard Ellerbe .
McGregor , the wildly popular UFC star , is 21-3 in UFC fights , and is coming off a win in November against Eddie Alvarez . Though he has n't boxed professionally , McGregor did box while growing up and is known for his striking expertise in UFC .
`` The reason he 's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone , anywhere and at any time , '' UFC chief Dana White said about his fighter . `` It 's the right fight at the right place at the right time . ''
The two fighters are expected to do a press tour that should provide fireworks shortly before going into final training for the fight .
The cost of tickets and the price of the pay-per-view has not been decided , though the pay-per-view is expected to be at or near the $ 99.95 charged for Mayweather 's 2015 fight with Manny Pacquiao that drew a record 4.4 million pay-per-view buys .
Mayweather will come off a two-year retirement in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for nearly that long . It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout .
Mayweather last fought in September 2015 , beating Andre Berto and then announcing his retirement . His fight before that , a decision win over Pacquiao , was the richest in boxing history and reportedly made him more than $ 200 million .
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite , the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world . It has also intrigued some in boxing , though most dismiss McGregor 's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history .
Adding to McGregor 's challenge the fighters will be using 10-ounce boxing gloves instead of the smaller UFC gloves and he will not be allowed to use the leg kicks or takedowns that are used in mixed martial arts .
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup , the run-up to the fight will . Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights , and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts .
`` As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it , '' Espinoza said .
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars . It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The brother of Florida school shooter Nikolas Cruz was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing on the Marjory Stoneman Douglas campus in Parkland .
Zachary Cruz , 18 , told deputies he went to the campus to “ reflect on the school shooting and soak it in , ” according to the arrest report .
Officials previously warned the teen to stay away from the still-grieving campus .
Zachary 's older brother , Nikolas , 19 , is charged in a 34-count indictment with killing 17 people and wounding 17 others during the shocking Valentine 's day massacre .
PHOTOS : Las Vegas Mass Shooting : Chilling Videos Exposed
After his sibling 's deadly destruction was over , Zachary was put under a mental-health evaluation .
Zachary told investigators that as he drove home after hearing about the shootings he said , “ I do n't want to be alive . I do n't want to deal with this stuff . ”
He denied wanting to kill or harm himself .
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at 800-344-9598 any time , day or night .
LAS VEGAS — Nicklas Backstrom stood in front of his stall inside T-Mobile Arena after the Washington Capitals ' 3-2 victory in Game 2 wearing Lars Eller 's team-issued No . 20 top .
“ He was so hot today so I wanted some power from him , ” Backstrom joked before admitting he could n't find his and just grabbed Eller 's since they 're stall neighbors .
Eller was hot in Game 2 with a goal and two assists , continuing a trend where the Capitals lose a top center and the 29-year-old Dane steps in and admirably fills the role .
With a little more than five minutes to play in the first period and the Vegas Golden Knights holding a 1-0 lead , Evgeny Kuznetsov left the game following a hit from Brayden McNabb . Capitals head coach Barry Trotz had to tinker with his top two lines again , like he 'd done when Backstrom was injured in the second round . Eller was handed another promotion and rose to the occasion .
No wonder Alex Ovechkin called him the Capitals ' “ secret weapon . ”
“ Lars is not shy to take on a responsibility , ” said Trotz . “ He knows that he 's got to fill in big shoes , either Backy or Kuzy , in the playoffs and he knows that he 's got an opportunity . I think he relishes it . He takes that opportunity to showcase what he 's able to do and he knows that we 're relying on him . He 's one of the more popular guys in our room , for sure . He just elevates his game when we need it . That 's been Lars through the playoffs , but that 's been everybody . ”
Eller , who earned the mysterious nickname of “ Tiger ” following a team-building event last season , was forced into the second-line center spot in the series against the Pittsburgh Penguins after Backstrom missed four games with a hand injury . With a new and bigger role , he contributed two goals and five points and helped Washington to three wins .
“ The more I 'm out there , the better I feel on the puck , ” Eller said . “ Better flow in my game . I knew from the Tampa series that I had really good chemistry with [ Jakub ] Vrana and [ T.J. ] Oshie , so it was n't a surprise for me when we did some good things when we were put back together . Just playing on instincts . ”
The Capitals gave Eller a five-year , $ 17.5 million extension in February and he 's doing a good job of living up to it . Through 21 playoff games , he has career highs in goals ( six ) and points ( 16 ) . Clearly a tougher assignment is n't something that overwhelms him , as he 's seamlessly transitioned up and down the lineup when called upon .
“ I think some people have ways of digging down deeper , ” said Oshie . “ I think some people have ways of staying calm when the moment gets bigger . I 'm not in his head , I ca n't tell you exactly why that is . I can tell you he gets his work done every day he comes to the rink . So maybe he 's prepared for that when he gets that shot . ”
Trotz had no update on Kuznetsov and with two full off days before Game 3 Saturday in D.C. , it might be a game-time decision if he 'll be back or if Eller will once again need to answer the call .
“ Stanley Cup Final , you want to be on the ice not the bench , ” Eller said . “ I enjoy every single moment of it and it 's been a great atmosphere here . I ca n't wait to go back to D.C. and see what the fans are going to bring .
“ I do n't know if Kuzy 's going to play next or not , but if he is n't I 'm going to be ready , we 're going to be ready . ”
Stanley Cup Final schedule
Game 1 Monday , May 28 – Golden Knights 6 , Capitals 4
Game 2 Wednesday , May 30 – Capitals 3 , Golden Knights 2 ( Series tied 1-1 )
Game 3 Saturday , June 2 – Golden Knights at Capitals , 8 p.m . ET ( NBCSN )
Game 4 Monday , June 4 – Golden Knights at Capitals , 8 p.m . ET ( NBC )
Game 5 * Thursday , June 7 – Capitals at Golden Knights , 8 p.m . ET ( NBC )
Game 6 * Sunday , June 10 – Golden Knights at Capitals , 8 p.m . ET ( NBC )
Game 7 * Wednesday , June 13 – Capitals at Golden Knights , 8 p.m . ET ( NBC )
* = If necessary
MORE :
• NBC 's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub
• Stanley Cup Final Guide
————
Sean Leahy is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports . Drop him a line at phtblog @ nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @ Sean_Leahy .
Emmi Beuger 's Day Off : S2E5 | The People v. UHS
Posted by Emilia Beuger on December 12 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
Judge Emmi grabs her moderation gavel and viciously interrogates Aidan Byrne on his recent article about UHS , healthcare in general , and life as a UMass freshman .
Marble earns degree from Miami-U
Rachel Marble , of Midland , was among more than 1,000 students from Miami University who received degrees during fall commencement exercises Dec. 15 , 2017 .
Marble graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business degree , majoring in Marketing .
Hundreds of protesters gathered at the Dec. 2 memorial near the intersection of Orange Show Road and Waterman Avenue Saturday to denounce Sharia Law .
The event organized by Act for America was held hundreds of feet away from the Inland Regional Center , where Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik killed 14 people during a Christmas party on Dec. 2 , 2015 .
Denise Zamora , a member of ACT and Latinos for Trump , said she and others decided to organize the event to denounce Sharia , which she considers to be at the root of Islamic terrorism .
“ Terrorists themselves have said there is no difference between Islam and Sharia Law , ” Zamora said . “ They 're both the same . ”
The rally began around 10 am and saw heated moments between Anti-Sharia law proponents and Anti-Trump counterprotesters . The tensest moment came later in the afternoon when Anti-Sharia law protesters broke the windows of Anti-Trump counterprotesters as they attempted to leave .
San Bernardino Police spokeswoman Eileen Hards said they apprehended three people for the vandalism but did not release names .
The San Bernardino rally was one of several organized across the U.S by ACT and other right wing groups . The Southern Poverty Law Center labels ACT as a hate group–an entity that attracts white supremacists and neo-nazi sympathizers .
Alex Sanchez of Alta Loma agrees , admitting that he considers ACT as a “ white supremacist ” group .
“ This anti-muslim group could have their rally wherever they want , but not here , ” Sanchez said . “ Not at a hollow ground . Their hateful rhetoric will not be accepted . ”
Zamora claimed the San Bernardino rally was peaceful and not anti-Muslim in nature .
“ The opposition seems to think we 're against all Muslims , ” she said . “ Well radical Muslims are killing their own people . That 's what we are against–the radical ideology that they are practicing . ”
Leaders of the region 's Islamic community held a counter rally several miles away from the Anti-Sharia demonstration , explained Fauzia Rizvi , General Secretary of the Islamic Society of Corona-Norco .
Rizvi said she was disappointed that “ such a hateful rally ” took place at the Inland Regional Center .
“ What does Anti-Sharia even mean ? There 's no such thing , ” Rizvi said . “ You can not counter hate with hate . ”
Rizvi believes ACT and other conservative groups should become better educated about Sharia and Islam .
“ The Qu'ran teaches us that if you kill a person , you kill all of humanity , ” she said . “ We stand by the principles of love , peace , and coexistence . It 's important for people to understand that . ”
Approximately 200 people participated in the San Bernardino protest ; San Bernardino Police reported no further incidents .
ARIZONA : A 92-year-old woman accused of fatally shooting her 72-year-old son over his plans to put her in an assisted living facility has been arrested on suspicion of murder , US police said on Tuesday ( Jul 3 ) .
Anna Mae Blessing was taken into custody on Monday at the suburban Phoenix home she shared with her son and was being held in lieu of US $ 500,000 bail , court officials said .
Advertisement
She did not enter a plea during a brief initial court appearance and it was not immediately clear if she had retained an attorney .
Blessing told detectives following her arrest that she hid two handguns in the pockets of her robe and confronted her son in his bedroom , striking him with multiple rounds , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said in a written statement .
The suspect told investigators she tried to point the guns at her son 's 57-year-old girlfriend but the woman was able to wrestle the weapons away , according to the sheriff 's office .
Blessing was sitting in a reclining chair in her bedroom when she was taken into custody , after she refused to leave the house , according to court records .
Advertisement
Advertisement
She told detectives she had confronted her son over his intentions to put her in the care facility because , he had said , she was difficult to live with .
Blessing also told detectives that she should be “ put to sleep , ” for her actions and had intended to kill herself following the incident .
Blessing said she purchased one of the weapons and the other one had been given to her deceased husband but that neither weapon had been fired since the 1970s .
Police said they had visited the residence before , following a verbal altercation between Blessing and her son .
( Reporting by David Schwartz in Phoenix ; Editing by Dan Whitcomb and Stephen Coates )
I 'm a collector . While I love physical media for things such as video games and movies , I 'm starting to warm to the notion that maybe digital movies are OK .
After all , when I was a kid I had more of a digital collection of video games than a physical one . With movies , I 've collected a lot of DVDs only to get rid of them in times of purging . Now , I keep a decent collection of movies to watch .
When it comes to newer movies ( ones not available yet for streaming on a site , such as Netflix ) , you have a couple of options . You can purchase digital versions through almost any video game console or , if you like Apple products , you can use Apple TV and iTunes . You also can use Google Play if you have Android devices . And the options , perhaps too many , continue from there .
You also can get digital movies when you buy physical ones . It 's like the best of both worlds , right ? Except that I do n't think anyone is thinking about the consumer here . The entire process is cumbersome and fragmented . Let 's walk through the process .
You purchase a Blu-ray of a movie and included in the package is a sheet that indicates you can get a digital copy that will allow you to play it on a mobile device or streaming to a TV that perhaps does n't have a Blu-ray player . Earlier releases of digital movies included both a code and a DVD containing the digital version ( which seemed like an incredibly cumbersome and expensive option ) . At least that situation appears to be gone .
Your next step is to look at this piece of paper , which tells you where to go on the web to redeem your movie . It seems like each movie has its own URL ( web address ) . Ca n't we have a single place to do this ?
The concept is there . When the platform Ultra Violet ( http : //myuv.com ) launched in 2010 , it brought together more than 85 companies and studios to offer what seemed like an ideal situation . The problem is that many film producers ( most notably Disney ) decided not to back it . And , of course , digital juggernauts Apple and Google have their own ecosystems , so they wanted nothing to do with this .
If you manage to get through the redemption process with these long strings of characters and create or log into an account ( with yet another password and login process ) , you might be able to redeem your digital movie . Sometimes , you get a choice to redeem on iTunes , Google Play or something else . Other times you can redeem the code and then watch using Flixster . Wait , what ? That 's right . Ultra Violet just manages your right to watch the movies . You need an application to view the movie . Why is this so convoluted ?
To make matters worse , if you like to hop over the border and buy your movies in the United States , you 've got a new problem . Those codes wo n't redeem in Canada . You can , however , use something like Geolocater ( https : //mzl.la/1jEgqcS ) to redeem it like you are in the U.S. And , once it 's in your Ultra Violet account , you can watch it freely here in Canada . There are so many hoops to jump through .
Redeeming your digital movie is only the first part of the process . Right now , I have movies fragmented across my iTunes library , Ultra Violet and Google Play . Since these companies ca n't all play nice together , the consumer gets stuck with the process of sorting out things and the inconvenience of it all . If Hollywood ever wonders why people often just download movies illegally , this is part of the reason .
With Disney soon launching its own Netflix competitor , it looks as if the streaming process is going to be further fragmented . We will have to keep track of separate services ( and pay for them separately , too ) .
All of this makes me want to curl up on the couch without a remote and watch something on the tube that comes in over the airwaves from a big antenna in the backyard .
Syd Bolton is the curator of the Personal Computer Museum ( http : //www.pcmuseum.ca ) and Canada 's top video game collector . You can reach him via-email at sbolton @ bfree.on.ca or on Twitter @ sydbolton .
West Bromwich Albion were left stuck at the bottom of the Premier League after losing 3-2 to Southampton on Saturday , despite having made a fine start to the match .
Feb 3 : West Bromwich Albion were left stuck at the bottom of the Premier League after losing 3-2 to Southampton on Saturday , despite having made a fine start to the match .
It was an emotional day at the Hawthorns where there was a minute 's applause before the game for their former striker Cyrille Regis , who died last month .
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi headed Albion into an early lead from a corner by set-piece specialist Chris Brunt but Southampton hit back with two goals in three minutes before half-time . Gabon 's Mario Lemina drove in from 20 metres and defender Jack Stephens scored his third goal in three games .
A direct free kick by James Ward-Prowse made it 3-1 and Saints held on for a first League victory in 13 games despite Salomon Rondon 's 72nd-minute headed goal for the home side .
( Reporting by Steve Tongue ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
Darry Cooper , 57
Sept. 21 , 1959 – Sept. 15 , 2017
Bayard , Neb .
Darry Cooper , 57 , passed away suddenly at his home on his ranch north of Bayard . He was born in Greeley , Colo. , and graduated from Platte Valley High School in Kersey , Colo .
Darry was born to be a rancher . He loved being outside and working with livestock . He dreamed of owning his own ranch and living the good life of a cowboy . He accomplished his dream when he and his wife Gwyn bought their ranch in Nebraska . Darry learned the cattle business early in life from his father , Stuart , who was also a successful rancher . Even though ranch life is hard and difficult at times , he never complained and would n't consider any other way of life . He walked his talk .
Darry met the love of his life Gwyn while in high school and they were married for 32 years . His son Dorry was his greatest accomplishment and his proudest moments came when he watched Dorry play football . He was a dedicated family man who loved his wife and his son . He supported his neighbors and his community and would do anything he could to help you . He was a kind soul with a heart of gold . All of us should strive to make this world a better place and Darry certainly did .
Darry is survived by his wife of 32 years Gwyn ; son , Dorry ; mother , Geri Cooper of Orchard , Colo ; brothers , Barry Cooper and his wife Pat of Colorado Springs and Kerry Cooper of Gill ; sister , Dawn Schrader of Evans ; nephews , Nicholas Schrader of Greeley and Cody Cooper and wife Mandy of Bakersfield Calif. ; nieces Sage Martinez and husband Gilbert of Evans and Kaylee Villanueva and husband Stephen ; and two grandnephews Harrison and Hendrix .
His father Stuart predeceased him in 2013 .
A life celebration was held Sept. 23 , 2017 , at the Cooper Ranch in Bayard
In lieu of flowers , the family asks that you make a donation to the Dorry Cooper Education Fund at Platte Valley Bank , 1212 Circle Drive , Scottsbluff , Neb . 69361 .
Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd. stock stumbled again on Wednesday after two banks cut their target share prices in the wake of the company 's deal to sell its biggest current and growth asset — the Trans Mountain pipeline system — to the federal government .
READ MORE : Trans Mountain protesters interrupt Finance Minister Bill Morneau during speech in Calgary
The Calgary-based company 's shares closed about one per cent lower at $ 16.23 , continuing the post-deal trend that saw it close nearly three per cent lower at $ 16.10 on Tuesday . It dipped as low as $ 15.62 in interday trading Wednesday on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Kinder Morgan 's future is cloudy and it will be left cash-rich but prospect-poor from the deal to sell its existing 300,000-barrel-per-day pipeline and the delayed 590,000-bpd expansion project for $ 4.5 billion , analysts at CIBC said in a report .
READ MORE : This B.C . First Nation wants to buy a piece of the Trans Mountain pipeline
“ While accretive options may be surfaced , we do not see a potential transaction as sufficient to offset the potential upside from the Trans Mountain expansion project , ” the report said .
“ Indeed , we question ( parent company ) Kinder Morgan Inc. 's willingness to retain Kinder Morgan Canada longer term as it only contributes about two per cent of EBITDA ( earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization ) and has reduced growth prospects . ”
Watch below : Some videos from Global News ' stories about the Trans Mountain pipeline .
CIBC slashed its 12-month price target to $ 17 from $ 22 because of its lower expectations of future growth in revenue and dividends for Kinder Morgan shareholders .
The target price at National Bank Financial was also adjusted to $ 17 from its previous level of $ 19 .
The assets remaining after the sale amount to about $ 5 per share , analyst Patrick Kenny said in a note . He said he added the $ 12 per share Kinder Morgan attributes to the Trans Mountain sale to the $ 5 to arrive at the new valuation .
READ MORE : Timeline : Key dates in the history of the Trans Mountain pipeline
The company will continue to hold an integrated network of crude tank storage and rail terminals in Alberta . It will also own a terminal in Vancouver and the Cochin Pipeline system which transports light condensate from the United States to Fort Saskatchewan , just northeast of Edmonton .
It could look at buying Western Canada natural gas plants currently being marketed by Enbridge Inc. with the cash its getting from the sale , he said , while noting Kinder Morgan has also suggested it may distribute cash to shareholders .
Kinder Morgan Inc. created its Canadian subsidiary in a $ 1.7-billion initial public offering last year .
The company expects after-tax proceeds for the approximately 30 per cent of Kinder Morgan Canada not owned by its Houston-based parent company to be about $ 1.25 billion . It did n't specify how it would spend the proceeds of the sale but did say it plans to continue to invest in Canada .
by
Forewarned is forearmed – and for seniors , the warning just arrived in the mail .
Each September , enrollees in Medicare prescription drug and Advantage plans receive letters from their insurance companies detailing any changes in coverage for the year ahead . Called the Annual Notice of Change , the document is well worth reviewing , because it arrives just ahead of the annual fall plan open enrollment period , which runs from Oct. 15 to Dec. 7 .
In many cases , the letter should be a wake-up call to re-shop coverage , especially where Part D drug plans are concerned . These plans often change their premiums from year to year , along with their rules for cost-sharing , coverage of specific medications – and even whether a specific drug will be covered .
Few Medicare plan users re-shop their coverage , and those who do tend to focus only on premiums . But it 's also important to consider cost-sharing , and to study the so-called formulary , which describes the rules for coverage of a medication – whether any quantity limits are imposed , or if the red tape of “ prior authorization ” will be invoked .
Drug plans are becoming more complicated . Most have deductibles , and just over half will charge the full amount permitted under Medicare 's rules ( $ 405 ) , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation ( KFF ) . And most plans have shifted to using multiple copayment ( flat fee ) or coinsurance amount ( percentage of total cost ) , rather than a single coinsurance rate . This is especially true for high-cost medications .
Learn more at Reuters Money .
We were n't expecting this ...
Little Mix lady Jade Thirlwall and her boyfriend Jed Elliott are majorly loved up at the moment , and it 's pretty adorable !
Just look at this cute couples snap from last month…
While 25-year-old Jade is taking a break from touring the world with bandmates Perrie Edwards , Jesy Nelson and Leigh-Anne Pinnock , she 's been enjoying some well-earned down-time with her rocker BF .
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
And by down-time , we mean spending their evenings getting pretty wild in front of the telly !
Taking to Instagram with some snaps of her Sunday evening in , Jade revealed the ridiculously good looking pair were watching one of our favourite films – School of Rock .
More : Little Mix fans praise Jade Thirlwall as she SHUTS DOWN sexist comments in empowering speech
In one funny clip , the Struts bassist Jed can be heard singing along to the film with Jack Black .
As the 26-year-old puts on a VERY high pitched voice , Jade can be heard giggling in the background along with two other pals .
In another video , Jed is clearly keen to make things more exciting as he can be seen ditching the tea and going for shots instead .
‘ Drinking shots and watching School of Rock # wildsunday ' , Jade wrote next to the funny clip .
And the pair definitely had a good time , as Shout Out To My Ex songstress Jade shared one final video showing her beau poking his head into the camera with his tongue out .
‘ My weirdly wonderful boyfriend ' , she wrote alongside a red heart . AW !
The fun night in comes after Jade and Jed – who met in Los Angeles back in 2015 – put on a very romantic display at the Brit Awards in February .
As Jade stepped out in a gorgeous black dress with spaghetti straps , her other half even co-ordinated his outfit with a white shirt and black blazer .
# Couplegoals or what ?
Benjamin Netanyahu is facing charges of bribery and fraud that may mar chances of the phoenix of Israeli politics becoming longest serving Prime Minister of the Hebrew nation
By DANFES
A long-running corruption scandal in Israel has taken an explosive new turn , leading to the very real prospect that Israel 's long-serving Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , will lose his job — and even potentially be sent to jail . Netanyahu , arguably Donald Trump 's closest ally in the Middle East , has been shadowed by allegations of financial improprieties for years , but has always stayed one step ahead of his pursuers . That seems to be changing .
The latest — and potentially decisive — blows to Netanyahu began last week with a pair of disclosures that stunned observers on both sides of Israel 's political spectrum .
Latest court filings revealed Netanyahu was now officially a suspect in bribery , breach of trust , and fraud cases . Another shocker came with news that Netanyahu 's former chief of staff , an Israeli-American named Ari Harow , took a plea bargain to become a state 's witness in a corruption case against his former boss . In exchange for a light sentence of community service , and a 700,000 shekel ( $ 193,000 ) fine , Harow will now testify against Netanyahu .
It 's not just the Prime Minister — his whole household is under scrutiny : The Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz reported that his wife , Sara Netanyahu , will likely be indicted soon for misuse of government funds .
For most politicians , those types of disclosures would mean it was a question of when , not if , their careers would end in disgrace . But Netanyahu has long been the phoenix of Israeli politics , and he angrily dismissed the new revelations . On Facebook he derisively called them “ background noise . ”
Miri Regev , the minister of sports and culture and a close Netanyahu ally , told media , “ I 'm not worried at all . The Prime Minister is not worried either . ”
So far many of Netanyahu 's allies have remained behind him . But if his legal woes continue , that could change . And while it 's still too early to assess the likelihood of incarceration , prison is not totally out of the question . After all former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was only just released from prison after serving 16 months for a different corruption charge .
To be sure , an indictment might not mean the end of Netanyahu 's political career . “ Formally , he wo n't have to resign , ” Hebrew University law professor Barak Medina told the Associated Press . “ If all the information comes out and the police recommend he be charged with a serious crime , it is unlikely he will be able to carry on in his job . ”
That would n't just be bad news for Netanyahu , who is trying to surpass David Ben-Gurion , the founder of the modern Jewish State , as the longest-serving Prime Minister in his country 's history . It would also be bad news for President Donald Trump , who 'd be losing his closest ally in the Middle East just as he prepares a major new peace initiative .
Netanyahu 's sure facing a lot of corruption investigations . There are so many separate corruption charges threatening to finally bring down Netanyahu that the Israeli press refers to them by numbers .
In Case 2000 , Netanyahu is suspected to have colluded with Arnon Mozes , publisher of Israel 's daily newspaper Yediot Aharonot to undermine the circulation of Israel 's free daily paper , Israel HaYom . The latter is a free daily sponsored by American billionaire ( and Republican king-maker ) Sheldon Adelson , a casino magnate with tremendous reach and influence on Israeli politics .
Back in January the police revealed they had tapes that would show what the Israel press called “ a quid pro quo ” deal between Mozes and Netanyahu . Mozes apparently promised to do “ everything in his power ” to keep Netanyahu in office , Netanyahu , in turn , appears to have indicated he would do what he could to limit Israel HaYom 's reach — some reports implied that might have meant through legislation .
The recordings were made by Ari Harow , the very same chief of staff who cut the deal last week .
Israeli police found those tapes , apparently unexpectedly , while searching Harow 's home for evidence that he had not fully divested himself from his own consulting firm before beginning work in the prime minister 's office . ( Harow had officially transferred the firm to his brother , to avoid ethics violations ; that gambit clearly failed ) .
In Case 1000 , Arnon Milchan , a film producer , is said to have given large monetary gifts to Netanyahu and his wife , Sara . Further , Australian billionaire James Packer was said to have showered the couple with gifts and meals at their home in the Israeli coastal city Ceasaria . As Noam Sheizaf reported for Vox earlier this year , “ in one incident reported by the Israeli media , Netanyahu 's wife , Sara , specifically demanded $ 2,700 worth of jewelry . ”
For their part , the Netanyahu 's have said the gifts were merely ( legal ) gifts between friends . But , as Sheizaf pointed out , Milchan has a stake in Israel 's Channel 10 news , subject to regulation by the Israeli Ministry of Communications — which , itself , was run by Netanyahu until recently . And Netanyahu personally got involved in Milchan 's visa renewal process . None of it smelled quite kosher .
A third criminal investigation , Case 3000 , involves the purchase of German submarines . This one is the most complicated , and has the most tenuous line to Netanyahu . Six people have been brought in for questioning , one of whom is Netanyahu 's personal lawyer who himself also represented the submarine manufacturer . Ha'aretz reported late last month that “ Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's personal lawyer was due to earn tens of millions of shekels from an agreement , since suspended , to buy three submarines from Germany . ”
Finally , Israeli authorities have long threatened to indict Sara Netanyahu for fraud . As Ha'aretz reported today , she is accused of using government money to pay for what they call “ personal expenses ” in her private home . The country 's attorney general , Avichai Mandelblit , is expected to indict her within the next few days .
Netanyahu once looked like he could survive anything . That 's changed .
Netanyahau 's political fate has long rested in the hands of Mandelblit , who has a mixed reputation in Israel . Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak , a longtime Netanyahu rival , has publicly criticized the attorney general for failing to indict and prosecute the prime minister more quickly . Barak and other critics point to Mandelblit 's previous job as a cabinet secretary , which involved working closely with Netanyahu . Mandelblit 's ascension was considered a win for Netanyahu when he took the position .
But a high-level police investigator told Noam Sheizaf earlier this year that that slow movement might mean Mandeblit was taking his time to build a stronger case against the prime minister . That does n't mean an indictment will come tomorrow . But it makes an indictment seem likelier .
Sima Kadmon , a political columnist in Israel , wrote at the end of last week that “ Harow is the game changer because he was so close to the prime minister , ” noting that Harow once served as Netanyahu 's foreign relations advisor and held a variety of other senior posts for the last decade .
That means Harrow has had unique access to Netanyahu 's activities for the last several years — and can speak , as few others can , to their legality . All that said , prosecuting Netanyahu may still be months , or even years , away .
“ This feels like we are at the beginning of the end , ” said Daniel Levy , the president of the US Middle East Project .
Learn how to use Python to create efficient applications
About This Book
Identify the bottlenecks in your applications and solve them using the best profiling techniques
Write efficient numerical code in NumPy , Cython , and Pandas
Adapt your programs to run on multiple processors and machines with parallel programming
Who This Book Is For
The book is aimed at Python developers who want to improve the performance of their application . Basic knowledge of Python is expected
What You Will Learn
Write efficient numerical code with the NumPy and Pandas libraries
Use Cython and Numba to achieve native performance
Find bottlenecks in your Python code using profilers
Write asynchronous code using Asyncio and RxPy
Use Tensorflow and Theano for automatic parallelism in Python
Set up and run distributed algorithms on a cluster using Dask and PySpark
In Detail
Python is a versatile language that has found applications in many industries . The clean syntax , rich standard library , and vast selection of third-party libraries make Python a wildly popular language .
Python High Performance is a practical guide that shows how to leverage the power of both native and third-party Python libraries to build robust applications .
The book explains how to use various profilers to find performance bottlenecks and apply the correct algorithm to fix them . The reader will learn how to effectively use NumPy and Cython to speed up numerical code . The book explains concepts of concurrent programming and how to implement robust and responsive applications using Reactive programming . Readers will learn how to write code for parallel architectures using Tensorflow and Theano , and use a cluster of computers for large-scale computations using technologies such as Dask and PySpark .
By the end of the book , readers will have learned to achieve performance and scale from their Python applications .
Style and approach
A step-by-step practical guide filled with real-world use cases and examples
Colin Tizzard : has had a stunning run over the Christmas period PICTURE : Edward Whitaker ( racingpost.com/photos )
Tizzard team out for more National success
THE Colin Tizzard team have been carrying all before them lately and Sartorial Elegance has an obvious chance of providing them with a second National winner just six days after Native River won the Welsh version at Chepstow .
RELATED LINKS 2.50 Plumpton card
The six-year-old has taken a 15lb hike up the handicap for his easy defeat of Tothemoonandback here last month , but that came on just his third start over fences and he has plenty of scope for improvement .
`` He 's gone up 15lb for winning what was an ordinary race here , but he did it really nicely and certainly looks like a horse heading in the right direction , '' said Joe Tizzard , assistant trainer to father Colin .
`` It 's another step up but he looks like one of the few improvers in the race and the earlier Fontwell run has turned out strong form . Track and trip suit and he 's got an obvious chance , '' added Tizzard .
Sartorial Elegance is bred to improve again over this longer trip , and his opponents are largely exposed , although Tothemoonandback should not be underestimated on these revised terms .
As for his rivals , Dawson City remains a novice over fences after eight attempts , but this race looks made for him , just as it did 12 months ago when the meeting was abandoned at the halfway stage owing to atrocious conditions and the big race postponed until the end of March .
He has not enjoyed much luck and last time was brought down in the Wincanton chase in which there were no finishers , but he stays well and enjoys soft ground .
WALNUT CREEK , CA ( February . 14 , 2017 ) – CytoSport , Inc. , a leading sports nutrition company and maker of MUSCLE MILK® premium protein products , launched the EVOLVE® brand , the company 's first plant-based and vegan protein line . EVOLVE® products are free of dairy , soy , gluten and artificial flavors , and are made with all non-GMO ingredients .
“ The EVOLVE® brand provides great tasting , plant-powered protein products that can be enjoyed by everyone , ” said Greg N. Longstreet , president and chief executive officer of CytoSport , Inc. “ Our goal was to create highly nutritious , delicious and sustainable products that consumers will be proud to support . ”
EVOLVE® protein shakes are a shelf stable , on-the-go option with only 10-11 clean , simple ingredients . Packing 20 grams of North American grown and manufactured pea protein and 10 grams of fiber , each 12 ounce ready to drink shake offers a simple option to consumers looking to make mindful choices that are considerate of the environment and themselves .
The brand caters to ambitious and adventurous consumers while also being cautious of leaving a footprint on the environment . A portion of proceeds from the sale of EVOLVE® products benefits the National Park Foundation™ , helping to preserve the nation 's most beautiful and iconic locations .
Sustainability is an important piece of the EVOLVE® brand story . Compared to many protein options , pea protein can be more sustainable , can use fewer resources and can require significantly less fertilizer .
EVOLVE® shakes are available in four flavors : Classic Chocolate , Ideal Vanilla , Mellow Mocha and Toasted Almond in 12 ounce single serve bottles or four packs of 11 ounce Tetra Pak™ cartons . In addition to the ready-to-drink options , EVOLVE® Protein Powder is available in Classic Chocolate and Ideal Vanilla flavors . EVOLVE™ Protein Bars will launch this spring .
Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike , whose new conservative party is challenging Japan 's ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 election , said on Friday she would not visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine for war dead if she ever became prime minister .
TOKYO : Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike , whose new conservative party is challenging Japan 's ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 election , said on Friday she would not visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine for war dead if she ever became prime minister .
Koike , often floated as a possible first female Japanese premier , reiterated , however , that she did not intend to run in the election and said nothing would change her mind . Speculation has persisted despite her repeated denials .
Asked if she hoped to become prime minister , Koike told Reuters : `` My strong intention is to do my best as the governor of Tokyo , so I have not thought about that . ''
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called the lower house election in hopes his ruling bloc would keep its majority in the chamber , where it now has a two-thirds `` super '' majority , but Koike 's fledgling Party of Hope has clouded the outlook .
Koike calls her party a `` reformist , conservative party '' , and many of its security and diplomatic policies echo those of Abe 's equally conservative Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) .
Abe , who took office nearly five years ago , visited Yasukuni Shrine , seen by China and South Korea as a symbol of Japan 's past militarism , in December 2013 . The visit sparked an outcry from Beijing and Seoul and an expression of disappointment from ally Washington and he has not gone in person since then .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Koike , 65 , who has visited the shrine herself , said paying respects to war dead was common in other countries but added she would not go if she were premier based on a `` comprehensive decision '' balancing personal beliefs and diplomacy .
`` I would refrain from that , '' she said .
A former LDP member and defence minister , Koike also said
there was no need for a major change in the Bank of Japan 's hyper-easy monetary policy and there should not be any sudden change under the next central bank chief .
Noting that the BOJ had adopted a hyper-easy monetary policy , she added : `` Unfortunately , this has not cured deflation . But I think there is no need for a big change in direction . ''
Asked about desirable policy under the next BOJ governor , she said , `` There will probably be parts that are an extension of current policy . If there were a sudden change , I think that would have an impact on the stock market . ''
BOJ Governor Haruhiko has been the main architect of monetary policy under Abe , and his five-year term expires in April .
Koike also said , however , that there was need for bolder , speedier reforms than those carried out by the prime minister .
`` In a fast-changing world , Japan 's progress is way too slow , '' said Koike , who first entered parliament from a small reformist party in 1992 and later joined the LDP . She defied the LDP to run for governor last year and her novice local party won a July Tokyo assembly poll by a landslide .
( Reporting by Linda Sieg and Ami Miyazaki ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Nick Macfie )
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso , killing at least 17 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence , which continued into the early hours of Monday with yet another heavy exchange of gunfire overheard by witnesses.Communication Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists that at least 17 people were dead and eight others wounded , according to a provisional toll . The victims came from several different nationalities , he said . Among the dead was at least one French national.Security forces arrived at the scene with armoured vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul , an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou . The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another café that left 30 people dead.Burkina Faso , a landlocked nation in West Africa , is one of the poorest countries in the world . It shares a northern border with Mali , which has long battled Islamic extremists.The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin , according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb , which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun . But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown , experts say.The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher , Ibrahim Malam Dicko , who radicalized and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians . His association , Ansarul Islam , is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso 's government .
Jaipur : Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje on Saturday said the state budget would be balanced and progressive , and would fulfill aspirations of all sections of the society .
She said suggestions given by the youth , women entrepreneurs , professionals and students , among others , would be considered in the budget .
The budget session of the state Legislative Assembly is beginning on Monday .
Raje addressed a pre-budget consultation meeting attended by women , youths , students , sportspersons day and took suggestions from them . The chief minister said a lot of work had been done in the areas of women empowerment , skill development and start-ups .
Good suggestions would be incorporated in the budget , Raje added .
SINGAPORE : The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore ( AVA ) said it is monitoring the situation at Tuas bus terminal after a video of a large group of boars gathering outside the terminal 's canteen surfaced on social media .
In response to queries from Channel NewsAsia , AVA said on Thursday ( Jun 15 ) it is aware of the boar sighting , adding that it will `` explore further measures if needed '' .
The video , which was shared widely on Wednesday night , shows about 20 boars outside the National Transport Workers ' Union canteen . Most of them were calm , and left a man unloading a trolley alone .
`` From the video , it appears that the boars may have been conditioned to being fed by people , '' an AVA spokesperson said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The authority reiterated that members of the public should not feed the boars , as it alters their behaviour and may cause them to be reliant on humans for food , resulting in `` human-animal conflicts '' .
At about 11.50am on Thursday , an SBS Transit staff member was seen putting up a sign outside the canteen , reminding people not to feed wild animals .
AVA also advised the public not to approach or disturb the boars if they come across them .
`` The public should keep a safe distance from the wild boars and avoid confronting or cornering them . Do not interact with the wild boars , and ensure that young children and pets are kept away as they may be curious and approach the boars , '' AVA added .
A secondary school student who was in the area dropped by the bus terminal on Thursday afternoon to see the boars .
`` Since I 'm a transport enthusiast , my friend and I were here to explore the Tuas West extension . Curiosity sparked after viewing the online video of the boars posted last night and so we decided to come and see if there are any wild boars around , '' said Beckham Er , 15 .
However , when Channel NewsAsia arrived at Tuas bus terminal on Thursday , there were no boars in the area .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Socket Mobile Inc :
* SOCKET MOBILE SAYS ON JAN 31 , CO ENTERED INTO THIRD BUSINESS FINANCING MODIFICATION AGREEMENT WITH WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK - SEC FILING
* SOCKET MOBILE - AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR $ 2.5 MILLION FORMULA BASED REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT , $ 4 MILLION TERM LOAN THAT CO MAY USE TO REPURCHASE CO 'S STOCK Source text : ( bit.ly/2E7ctOy ) Further company coverage :
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his U.S. counterpart Mike Pompeo spoke by phone on Wednesday and discussed the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine , the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement .
MOSCOW : Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his U.S. counterpart Mike Pompeo spoke by phone on Wednesday and discussed the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine , the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement .
Lavrov and Pompeo agreed on the need to overcome differences in relations between Moscow and Washington , the ministry said .
Advertisement
( Reporting by Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber ; Writing by Tom Balmforth ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
0 7 social media apps that could put kids in danger
Parents probably think monitoring their children 's social media is fairly simple , but social media apps are making it increasingly hard to know what minors are actually doing online .
> > Read more trending news
Approximately 95 percent of all American teens ages 12-17 are online , and 80 percent of those online teens are users of social media sites , according to online child safety website PureSight . Safety officials and police are warning parents that some tricky social media apps could put kids in danger .
TRENDING NOW :
Here are 7 apps that parents need to look out for :
1 . Sarahah
Sarahah has become one of the most popular apps for the Apple iPhone . The anonymous-commentary app launched last year , and it allows users to submit honest , anonymous comments about their peers . The posts are often vulgar , negative and harassing in nature — a perfect set-up for cyberbullying .
2 . Calculator %
This is a secret app used to hide photos , videos , files and browser history . It 's an easy way for minors to hide sexually explicit content .
3 . Yubo
Yubo , formerly named Yellow , is a social networking site where users can make new online friends . The app , like Tinder , will show users if other people are close in location to them .
4 . Vora
Vora is a fasting app that some teens who suffer from eating disorders are misusing . One recent fad diet is “ water fasting , ” a diet where dieters consumed nothing but water . “ Water fasters logged their fasts using new-on-the-market app Vora , sharing their results on Instagram , ” according to a report from Vice .
5 . Omegle
Omegle is a free online chat forum where users socialize with strangers . The app picks someone at random to have a one-on-one video chat . A recent study released by the Pew Research Center showed that 47 percent of teens regularly use video messaging apps like Omegle . The app has been linked to cases of older men luring in younger girls for sex .
6 . LIVE.ME
Live.I is a Chinese social media platform that allows minors to create and view live videos that use geolocations to share content . Viewers can find the users ' exact locations with the geolocation tag . Users also earn “ coins ” as a way to “ pay ” users for photos . The app has been linked to cases of sexual grooming and cyberbullying .
7 . Blendr
This app allows kids to exchange messages , photo and videos — and then rate the “ hotness ” of other users . It 's all linked to GPS locations , and there is no age restriction so minors could be interacting with adults through the app .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
HONG KONG : - Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice as Manuel Pellegrini 's Hebei CFFC kept their hopes of a place in next year 's Asian Champions League alive with a 2-0 win over Tianjin Teda on Monday evening .
The Argentinian striker 's brace moved Hebei up to fifth in the standings and just two points behind Shandong Luneng , who occupy the third and final qualifying berth for next year 's continental championship .
Lavezzi gave Hebei the lead after 25 minutes when he volleyed the ball home from eight yards ( metres ) out . Nine minutes into the second half he then doubled his side 's advantage with a low shot from outside the area .
`` The three points is important for us as we returned to fifth place on the rankings , sharing the same points with Beijing and Guangzhou R & F , '' said Pellegrini . `` We will face these two teams at home and we have 24 more points to fight for . These three points today are crucial . ''
Shandong Luneng moved into third place after Graziano Pelle scored twice in his side 's 5-0 thrashing of Shanghai Shenhua , while Guizhou Zhicheng stalled Guangzhou R & F 's impressive run with a 2-0 win over Dragan Stojkovic 's side .
Roger Schmidt kept his unbeaten start to life at Beijing Guoan intact with a 4-0 win over Liaoning Whowin and Changchun Yatai shared the points with last-placed Yanbian Funde in a 1-1 draw .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Guangzhou Evergrande , meanwhile , continue to lead the standings by five points from Shanghai SIPG as Luiz Felipe Scolari 's team began life without Barcelona-bound midfielder Paulinho .
The Brazilian has been his club 's standout performer this season but the defending champions managed to pick up all three points against Henan Jianye , despite his absence , with a 2-1 win that takes the club another step closer to a seventh consecutive league title .
`` Before the match we knew it would be very difficult , '' Scolari said . `` Henan is a very well-organised team and their defensive line was very good .
`` Today we were too anxious to score goals , and that anxiety did n't do us any good with our final shot . But of course in the end we gained what we wanted . ''
SIPG , meanwhile , kept pace with Scolari 's team thanks to an 88th minute winner from Wu Lei as Andre Villas-Boas ' side notched up a 3-2 victory over Chongqing Lifan .
The teams traded goals in a seesaw game that saw former Chelsea striker Oscar return after serving an eight-game ban for his part in instigating a brawl during SIPG 's draw with Guangzhou R & F in May .
Hulk put SIPG in front from the penalty spot only for Hyuri to level for Chongqing . Odil Ahmedov put Shanghai back in front before Liu Huan looked to have secured a point for the visitors in the 87th minute , only for Wu to score the winner a minute later .
`` We had the chance to finish the game at an earlier stage but we did n't convert our chances , '' said Villas-Boas .
`` Our scoring efficiency was not good enough , which will make things more difficult in later games . However , what satisfied me was that we eventually won . The three points are super important to us , '' he said .
( Reporting by Michael Church , editing by Gareth Jones )
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
4 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Zozotown , which swooped in as a little-known retail website and prodded once-reluctant Japanese consumers to shop online for clothes , is now facing stiff competition in the industry whose image it remade .
TOKYO : Zozotown , which swooped in as a little-known retail website and prodded once-reluctant Japanese consumers to shop online for clothes , is now facing stiff competition in the industry whose image it remade .
Arriving on the scene in 2004 , the site made a killing selling clothes from shops such as Japanese boutique United Arrows and minimal French label A.P.C .
Advertisement
Zozotown 's success turned its founder into one of Japan 's richest entrepreneurs , and its name adorns a baseball stadium .
But its dominance is being challenged , with retailers expanding their e-commerce offerings and big names such as Amazon and SoftBank Group Corp eyeing a piece of the growing business .
At stake is a US $ 120 billion fashion market that was almost entirely dominated by brick-and-mortar stores until a few years ago , but is transforming amid the proliferation of smartphones and home delivery .
Online fashion sales have grown to over 10 percent of the total Japanese market in the past few years - with Zozotown at the head of the pack - and are likely to surpass 20 percent in three years , according to Nomura Securities .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` There needs to be a second player , and we are putting up our hand , '' said Yusuke Tanaka , founder and chief executive of fashion website Locondo Inc .
To differentiate itself , Locondo specializes in shoes and , unlike Zozotown , offers free returns - still a rarity in Japan . It also shares inventory with fashion site Magaseek .
For now , Zozotown is `` totally sweeping the board , '' said Yuki Ando , general manager of web business at Sanyo Shokai Ltd , the fashion company behind lines such as Mackintosh Philosophy .
Zozotown is operated by Zozo , officially called Start Today Co Ltd .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The website set itself apart in its early days with a clean , uncluttered design and a slice of `` Ura-Hara '' style - the modish fashion of the backstreets that line the trend-setting Harajuku district of Tokyo .
Business took off as fashion-conscious professionals in their late twenties and early thirties started using Zozotown to buy trendy but work-appropriate threads online from labels such as United Arrows and Nano Universe .
Its target is now broader , selling over 6,800 brands including , starting next week , clothes by Shimamura Co Ltd , one of Japan 's largest mass market chains . But industry executives say it still has an enviable cachet .
Zozotown has an `` overwhelming ability to attract customers , '' says Takahiro Kinoshita , a manager in the digital marketing department of United Arrows .
RISING RIVALS
In February , fashion company Stripe International launched Stripe Department , an online joint venture with SoftBank Group Corp .
The site features recommendations by stylists , and targets a user base that 's slightly older than that of Zozotown , the company says .
Amazon is trying to raise its fashion credentials in Japan , sponsoring catwalk shows in Tokyo . The head of Amazon Japan 's fashion unit , James Peters , says fashion is one of the company 's fastest-growing areas , but declined to provide figures .
Retailers that had historically focused on expanding their physical presence are also shifting to e-commerce . Japan 's Fast Retailing Co Ltd , which controls the Uniqlo brand , is trying to grow online sales , which are currently less than 8 percent of the company 's total . Chief executive Tadashi Yanai said he wants to see that to rise to 30 percent .
Even the brands that drove Zozotown 's early success are now competing with it .
United Arrows still makes almost 60 percent of its online sales through Zozotown . But sales on the brand 's own website are growing rapidly too - up 35 percent in the last fiscal year , which ended in March .
Fashion company Bay Crew 's Group said 30 percent of its online sales come from Zozotown . But 60 percent are through its own website , generating precious customer data , said Jun Shimada , a senior executive .
EARLY ADOPTERS
Foreign companies are helping Japanese retailers polish their online presence . Sweden 's Virtusize , for instance , adds code that allows users to compare the fit of items to those they already own .
`` Our biggest market by far is Japan , where close to 20 percent of all online retailers use Virtusize , '' said chief executive Gustaf Tunhammar , adding that Europe was the second-largest market , and that `` only a handful '' of retailers in the U.S. used the technology .
Japan is also one the largest markets for UK-based 3D-A-Porter , which offers three-dimensional body scanning and virtual clothing try-on , according to CEO Lara Mazzoni .
Zozotown , meanwhile , has deployed its own high-profile technology to fight a slowdown in transaction value growth . Its Zozosuit collects body measurement data that allows users to order fitted clothing online .
The company is breaking new ground in deploying such technology on a large scale , with more than 550,000 suits sent to customers . Success would transform Zozotown , founded by punk rock-loving billionaire Yusaku Maezawa , into a brand in its own right .
But managing all that data in an era where privacy concerns can roil consumers will be crucial , said Ed Gribbin , U.S.-based CEO of apparel business and product development consulting firm Alvanon .
`` There is more resistance to providing data to retailers on the one hand , but the bottom line is that finding the right size and a flattering fit usually outweighs the privacy issues , '' he said .
( Reporting by Sam Nussey ; Additional reporting by Melissa Fares ; Editing by Gerry Doyle )
Amgen Inc said on Monday new data from a late-stage trial testing Kyprolis in combination with two other drugs showed improved overall survival rate in patients with blood cancer .
REUTERS : Amgen Inc said on Monday new data from a late-stage trial testing Kyprolis in combination with two other drugs showed improved overall survival rate in patients with blood cancer .
The company said it had filed for marketing approval with the U.S. regulator based on the results of the trial , requesting to update the Kyprolis label to include the new overall survival data .
Kyprolis is approved for multiple myeloma that has progressed after treatment with other medicines .
( Reporting by Tamara Mathias in Bengaluru )
Article 10 : Discipleship
Discipleship has become a buzz word . It 's popular with church leaders who believe that the way to counteract a shallow faith , lack of biblical literacy , or doctrinal and theological wishy-washy-ness in their churches is through discipleship .
The digest version of our Confession summarizes it this way : We believe Jesus calls people who have experienced the new birth to follow him in a costly life of service to God . The power of the Holy Spirit transforms believers from the unrighteous pattern of the present age into a life of joyful obedience with God 's people .
Three primary concepts mark our understanding .
First , it is about following Jesus . That is , we do as he did , and we obey what he commands . We can expect suffering and persecution ( see Hebrews 11 ) .
At Christ 's invitation , we must be ready to reject the godless values of the world and offer ourselves to God in a life of service , and , perhaps untimely death , even as many his followers before us experienced .
Second , discipleship is not done alone . We are united together as Christians with Christ Jesus as our family head ( Ephesians 5:32–6:9 ) , all under the name of the Father ( Ephesians 3:14 ) .
We have traditionally marked this birth into the Christian family at baptism , acknowledging this experience of belonging to a spiritual family with church membership .
Third , disciples of Jesus live differently than before ; they demonstrate a new reality . They are no longer functioning in the world 's operating system of self-focus and unforgiveness , but under a new set of realities marked by eternal values of God-initiated forgiveness , and intimacy with the Father through the power of the Holy Spirit .
It is a radical departure from the old way and it is noticed by those closest to us ( Colossians 3:1–17 ) .
Disciple-makers
There is an important aspect of discipleship that I think gets neglected . To be a disciple is to become a disciple-maker .
Jesus 's command to his disciples before he left them ( Matthew 28:19–20 ) was for them to make disciples . Disciples who walk in the footsteps of their master in turn leave footprints for others . We must first be discipled ( by a disciple-maker ) , then be a disciple of Jesus , and finally become a disciple-maker .
“ Whoever claims to live in him must live ( or walk ) as Jesus did ” ( 1 John 2:6 ) . In other words , if Jesus is the model disciple-maker then we too must live that out . Too often we emphasize being a disciple while neglecting making of disciples .
Think of it like a family . In a healthy family , parents nurture their infant . But it does n't stop there ; the process continues as the baby becomes a toddler , then a young child . Gradually , parents call on children to take more responsibility for themselves , like cleaning their room , doing laundry , or making breakfast or lunch . Older children contribute to the well-being of younger siblings . Eventually , the young adult leaves home to contribute to the community as an employee , volunteer , friend , and/or parent themselves . Many find a life partner , get married , and the cycle repeats itself .
Disciple-making is like parenting . This is what Paul says to Timothy when he says , “ And the things you have heard me say in the presence of many witnesses entrust to reliable people who will also be qualified to teach others ” ( 2 Timothy 2:2 ) . There are four generations mentioned – Paul 's “ child ” is Timothy , who is exhorted to birth other spiritual children , who in turn are to do the same . That 's disciple-making .
The idea of being a disciple without engaging intentionally in multiplying or reproducing into others is incomplete .
So how do we move forward in our discipleship ? Let me offer a few suggestions :
Let 's focus more on Christ-centred processes of helping people discover the love of Jesus and helping them to mature in such a way that they repeat this process into their friends and family . Evangelism never stands apart from making disciples . Making disciples is a process that starts with an invitation to “ come and see ” ( reaching out ) , then a call to “ follow me ” ( come to faith ) , then challenges followers to “ fish for people ” ( sharing faith and caring for others ) , and finally to “ bear much fruit ” ( multiplying leadership ) . ( Cf . Dann Spader , 4 Chair Discipling , Sonlife Ministries . ) We need disciple-making parenting in our churches for our newly baptised ( birthed ) family members . Discipleship of new believers is the responsibility of spiritual parents within the church . To not assign or affirm spiritual parents to a new believer is spiritual neglect . Who abandons an infant at birth , with the cheers of friends and family for her successful delivery still ringing in her ears ? Disciple-making requires intentionality in relationships , Bible study , walking in the Spirit , prayer modelling , obedience to Christ , and worship of the Father . Good parenting is intentional , and so is disciple-making . Is n't a primary objective of parenting to equip kids to become good parents as well ?
Can you imagine our churches full of mature disciple-makers ? This will require us to focus on helping new people come to faith , nurturing them to maturity , and then training and equipping them to become disciple-makers ( see also 1 John 2:12–14 ) .
It will mean better targeting of our programs and events to where people are at in their journeys .
We might need to call “ older disciples ” to ease up on their need for “ being fed ” in the Sunday service and instead challenge them to engage in parenting activities , like helping new people find their way around in the building , teaching a class , or investing in prayer .
And guess what ? If we are becoming churches with a discipling mindset , our congregations will grow , and we 'll start new ones . We will then be collectively fulfilling our mission of “ multiplying churches to see Canada transformed by the good news of Jesus Christ . ”
Two people are in the hospital after losing control of their car and crashing into a ditch in Sperry .
The Southern African Business and Technology Incubation Association ( SABTIA ) has been mandated by South Africa 's Department of Small Business Development to develop best practices within the region 's incubator community and create a supportive entrepreneurial ecosystem for incubation in both the formal and informal sectors .
SABTIA is an independent association formed to promote and coordinate business incubation and acceleration in Southern Africa . It celebrated its official relaunch at an event last week , hosted in partnership with the Small Enterprise Development Agency ( Seda ) , the Small Enterprise Finance Agency ( Sefa ) , and the Department of Small Business Development .
The association has been mandated by the government to address the challenges in the local business incubation and acceleration community . It will do this by enabling supportive activities for incubators , improving capacities and capabilities within incubators , and creating a platform for collaboration between private and public stakeholders across the region to address key incubation challenges .
SABTIA will also be forming strategic partnerships with the likes of the International Business Innovation Association ( InBIA ) in the US and the EBN Innovation Network in Europe to localise global content and best practice .
Speaking at the event , minister of small business development Lindiwe Zulu said incubation and acceleration programmes are particularly important in developing nations to accelerate economic growth and transformation . She said her department has recognised the need to develop a new policy framework for re-energising and repositioning business incubators and accelerators to meet the challenges of national development .
“ Many critics have argued that business incubation has limited success in Africa . But the challenges we face are because we lack coordination and have n't localised global models to suit our unique conditions . We need to improve capacity and capability within our incubators , and develop effective and distinctive sector and regional ecosystems to support them , ” said Zaid Mohidin , chairman of SABTIA .
“ We need entrepreneurial ecosystem builders to come together to make a change in Southern Africa . We need to be generous with the learning experience , for the betterment of incubators , for the betterment of entrepreneurs , and for the betterment of the economy . ”
SABTIA plans to develop an accredited network of incubators , define a professional code of conduct , develop good practice standards , set benchmarking methodologies , serve as an entry point for international incubation into South Africa , and equip incubators and accelerators with the tools , knowledge and networks they need to provide quality services and support to SMMEs .
The armed police siege which led to a Sussex road being evacuated is now over .
Emergency services were at the scene of the siege in Irving Walk in Crawley , West Sussex for almost seven hours . Click here for the original story .
Armed police have surrounded a home in Irving Walk , Crawley for more than seven hours . Picture : Eddie Mitchell SUS-170813-221540001
Officers and armed police were called to an address in the residential road at around 3pm today following reports of concern for a man 's welfare and behaviour .
For the safety of nearby residents , the road was cordoned off and neigbours were evacuated to Tilgate Community Centre .
Negotiations with the man ended when the siege finished at just before 10pm .
It is unclear at this stage if the man has been arrested .
A Sussex Police spokesman believed the man had not taken any hostages , but could not comment about whether he was in possession of a weapon as investigators were still at the scene .
Restaurant chain , Nando 's , is giving away free chicken to A-level students right across the North West this week .
`` On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level ( or equivalent ) results will be able to grab themselves a free ¼ chicken or Firestarter * on that day , '' a Nando 's spokesperson said .
`` Just bring your results papers , ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the region and you will be eligible , '' the spokesperson added .
* Deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now .
Nando 's in Lancashire : Deepdale Retail Park , Preston - Peel Retail Park , Blackburn - Church Street , Blackpool - Derby Street , Leigh - Chalon Way West , St Helens and Ocean Plaza , Southport .
For full terms and conditions , please see - https : //www.nandos.co.uk/explore/blog/level-results-are-lets-celebrate
Be honest : Does your heart skip a beat when you see a medicine cabinet full of the very best skin care ? Skin has always been in , but the days of slapping on any old moisturizer are long gone—now , having a curated routine is completely normal , and you 'd be hard-pressed to find a Sephora shopper who does n't know the difference between essences and toners . Critics might call such a devotion vapid or useless , among other things , but we firmly believe putting time and energy into a skin care regimen is n't an empty pastime . So whether it 's a vital part of your self-care , you 're looking for something specific to add to your top shelf , or you 're just curious about what the latest and greatest exfoliator is , take a look at the winners our judges say truly had an impact on their skin .
Community members gathered together for the official grand opening ceremony for the Curtis Marshall Memorial Skatepark on Saturday June 10 .
“ We were very pleased with the amount of people that came out , ” said Brenda Moore , head of the Curtis Marshall Memorial Skatepark Committee . “ The region has a lot of support for this project and I think they showed it today . ”
The $ 630,000 project attracted lots of support from the Town of Peace River and Northern Sunrise County , as well as the community itself . The skatepark committee spent six and a half years fundraising for the park , construction was completed in fall of 2016 .
Members and representatives of the Town of Peace River and Northern Sunrise County attended the event to show their support and to see the park in use . Among the speakers was Elaine Moore , Committee member and mother to the late Curtis Marshall , who was the inspiration behind the project .
“ Curtis was an athlete , but not competitive , ” Elaine Moore stated in her heartfelt speech . “ He loved skateboarding as a sport , but he also saw it as a way to socialize , mentor , encourage , and share . ”
Elaine and Brenda Moore both gave speeches to commemorate the park and to thank their friends , family , and community for their support .
Following their speeches , the guests present were given demonstrations on how to use the park by local skaters , bikers , and scooter riders .
The park is located in downtown Peace River on 101 Avenue , and also features an art wall for its users to decorate as an initiative to keep the park itself graffiti free .
Since the initial completion of the park last year , Brenda says that it has been in near constant use .
“ It 's used all the time , ” she said . “ It was cold last fall , and they were still on it . They were shovelling off the snow this spring so they could get on it sooner . ”
The park is free for all to use , and is recommended for skateboards , bikes , and scooters .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — The NFL has denied advertising space in the Super Bowl program for a veterans group that declined to alter language about standing for the national anthem .
NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy confirmed Tuesday that American Veterans , or AMVETS , submitted an advertisement last week to the third-party publisher of the game program with the message , “ Please Stand . ”
McCarthy said the league , which has editorial control over the content , asked AMVETS to consider other options for the message , such as “ Please Honor our Veterans ” or “ Please Stand for our Veterans. ” The two organizations were unable to agree on language in time to meet production deadlines . McCarthy said a separate ad from the Veterans of Foreign Wars group with the words “ We Stand for Veterans ” was approved .
Some NFL players have taken to kneeling during the national anthem over the last two seasons to raise awareness of social and racial injustice , issues that created division within the league . The NFL announced Tuesday that an owner-player committee was being created to try to address them .
Commissioner Roger Goodell was sent a letter dated Monday from AMVETS national commander Marion Polk to express the Lanham , Maryland-based organization 's dismay with the league 's decision .
“ Freedom of speech works both ways . We respect the rights of those who choose to protest , as these rights are precisely what our members have fought — and in many cases died — for , ” Polk said in his letter to Goodell . “ But imposing corporate censorship to deny that same right to those veterans who have secured it for us all is reprehensible and totally beyond the pale . ”
AMVETS said the same ad was accepted by the NHL and NBA for use in official programs for their All-Star Games .
McCarthy said the NFL game program has “ never been a place for advertising that could be considered by some as a political statement . The NFL has long supported the military and veterans and will again salute our service members in the Super Bowl with memorable on-field moments that will be televised as part of the game . ”
The New England Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles in the Super Bowl in Minnesota on Feb. 4 .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
From the Liverpool Public Library : ‘ Lake Effect ' premieres June 4
By Mark Bialczak
LPL Communications Specialist
Just when you thought it was safe to leave all thoughts of winter in your rearview mirror …
Here comes “ Lake Effect . ”
That 's the title of the newest edition of the Liverpool Public Library 's Liverpool Legends video series . And , yes , this installment has everything to do with how people of this community have dealt with the white stuff over the course of generations .
The premiere of the latest DVD will be featured on the big screen of the Carman Community Rom from 6:30 to 8 p.m. Monday , June 4 .
Producer Jason D. Moore showed his deft creative touch after taking over for father Dan Moore , longtime “ Liverpool Legends ” steward who passed away on Jan. 1 , after the project had begun .
This work brings together the past and the present .
Viewers will be able to relive the fateful horse-drawn sleighride story of Louisiana and Harvey Hawley , written by historian Scott Peal for actors Sara Tucker and Jesse Navagh .
They 'll hear stories of the big blizzards of the 20th century , paired with historical photographs .
They 'll see and hear that when frozen over , Onondaga Lake was a haven for recreation , a natural rink for skaters and super speedway for ice boaters . And as for industry , harvesters cut huge swaths of ice from the lake to be hauled , sold and stored to keep things cool long into the summer .
Discover why Virginia Tilden and her husband thought they 'd walk from Liverpool to Fulton and what came out of that journey .
DVDs will be available to check out or purchase .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Cybersecurity has never been more important , yet there are new high-profile breaches seemingly on a daily basis . To combat those with malicious intent , penetration testers are employed to find weak spots in defenses .
The cybersecurity profession covers a wide swath of information and education , and getting a jump start on a career can be frustrating as you attempt to gather all the necessary resources . Instead of running around , looking for the required materials , why not grab a bundle of ebooks and start learning with 2,724 pages of course material ?
Right now , Android Central Digital Offers has a deal on a 2018 Supercharged Cybersecurity bundle that contains 10 courses and associated ebooks . Instead of paying the regular price of $ 636 , you can get it now for just $ 30 . That 's 95 percent off the regular price !
By Estee
Power 953 News
Snoop Dogg broke the was at the BottleRock Napa Valley music festival over the weekend to help break the Guinness World Record for the LARGEST GIN AND JUICE .
Technically , the record was for “ largest paradise cocktail ” . . . but it contained 180 bottles of gin , 154 bottles of apricot brandy , and 38 jugs of orange juice . So yeah , that 's a gin and juice . All 132-plus gallons of it .
It also had a giant pink umbrella and straw in it .
( USA Today )
Flynn resignation has 'no impact ' on US message to NATO : Pentagon chief
by Staff Writers
Brussels ( AFP ) Feb 14 , 2017
The resignation of President Donald Trump 's national security adviser , Michael Flynn , will have `` no impact '' on America 's message to worried NATO partners , Pentagon chief Jim Mattis said on Tuesday ahead of a key alliance meeting .
Flynn was forced from his key post late Monday amid allegations he had discussed US sanctions strategy with Russia 's ambassador Sergey Kislyak before taking office .
US defence secretaries routinely visit NATO , but Mattis 's trip is significant as he seeks to reassure allies -- rattled by Trump 's past rhetoric on the alliance -- that America is not abandoning long-standing security doctrine to forge closer ties with Moscow .
`` Frankly , this has no impact , '' Mattis told reporters as he flew to Brussels for a meeting of NATO defence ministers on Wednesday and Thursday .
`` Obviously I have n't changed what I am heading there for . It does n't change my message at all , and who is on the president 's staff is who I will work with , '' Mattis said .
Flynn 's departure marks a dramatic development in Trump 's presidency and comes amid broad international concerns over Moscow 's alleged meddling in foreign elections and Trump 's friendliness towards Russian President Vladimir Putin .
And as a candidate , Trump made it clear that he has no sentimental attachment to NATO , arguing that European members do n't pay their fair share and calling the alliance `` obsolete . ''
Since his election , Trump has moderated his criticism and appointed in Mattis a strong supporter of allied cooperation .
Mattis , a retired four-star Marine Corps general , has worked extensively with international partners in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Unlike his boss , he is a fierce NATO advocate , and has said that if the alliance did not already exist , it would need to be created .
`` This has been the most successful alliance in military history , '' he told reporters , praising NATO for its enduring role in helping the United States in Afghanistan .
( CBS ) – President Trump signed a new directive at the White House on Monday , aimed at furthering the administration 's efforts in advancing space exploration for future missions to the Moon and Mars .
The order now directs the NASA Administrator to lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the Moon , and eventually Mars .
During Monday 's order signing , Mr. Trump said the action will “ refocus America 's space program on human exploration and discovery . ”
“ Imagine the possibility waiting in those big beautiful stars if we dare to dream big . That 's what our country is doing again , we 're dreaming big , ” the president said .
He added , “ This is a giant step toward that inspiring future and toward reclaiming America 's proud destiny in space and space has so much to do with so many other applications including a military application . ”
In June , Mr. Trump signed an executive order re-establishing the long dormant National Space Council , a space policy advisory body that was last active some 25 years ago .
Vice President Mike Pence , chairman of the council , has since had vowed to renew American leadership in the form of the nation 's space program .
Pence criticized past administrations and promised that under President Trump , “ America will lead in space once again . ”
“ For nearly 25 years , our government 's commitment seems to have not matched the spirit of the American people , ” he said . “ But I 'm here to tell you , that as we still enter this new century , we will beat back any disadvantage that our lack of attention has placed , and American will once again lead in space for the benefit and security of all of our people and all of the world . ”
At Monday 's event , Pence applauded the president 's order , saying that “ signing the space policy directive ” it will ensure “ America will lead in space once again . ”
Pence said the order will “ enhance our national security and our capacity to provide for the common defense of the people of the United States . ”
“ You are ensuring Mr. President , that America will lead in space in the future and for generations to come , ” he added .
- Advertisement -
Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo on Monday said “ strategic advice ” from independent sources , anti-corruption committees and special panels set up for the recovery of assets allegedly looted by previous government officials had prevented the current administration from going forward with its desire to prosecute the looters .
He disclosed this at the 2017 celebration of the International Anti-corruption Day organised by the Inter-agency Task Team in Abuja .
He also stated that the government had succeeded in weeding out 50,000 ghost workers from its payroll in the last two years , while the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission had charged 17 suspects to court for allegedly contributing to the crime .
- Advertisement -
The vice-president , who was represented by his Special Adviser on Rule of Law , Mr. Akingbolahan Adeniran , however explained that many assets were being recovered from those who stole from the government .
He said “ The administration has relied a lot on strategic advice , looking at the fight against corruption from a broad perspective , and basically relying on independent advice in order to move forward in fighting corruption .
“ It is focused a lot on prevention , and this is one aspect that a lot of people do not talk about so much . Then enforcement , this is the key aspect of the fight against corruption ; there has to be accountability for those who basically violate the law .
“ Then asset recovery , which is a key element of the fight against corruption . As regards assets recovery , where there has been no conviction , it is because of the strategic advice that we were given . ”
cross-posted from Communities Magazine
Excerpted from the Summer 2018 edition of Communities , “ Eco-Building ” —full issue available for download ( by voluntary donation ) here .
Humans modify our environment more than any other animals . We want to , we have to , protect ourselves from the elements . Is it possible for us to do so while respecting the sacred creation ? The answer to that question can not be summarized in a simple list of commandments , but the complexity of the answers only underscores the importance of our mindfulness .
I have lived in community all of my life . I have built conventional buildings , super-insulated buildings , and a variety of renewable energy systems . I have also organized some successful environmental campaigns . Green building could be our salvation or hasten our destruction , depending on what we pursue and how .
When I teach green building workshops , I talk to the participants about three levels of planning to consider , each of more importance by an order of magnitude than the one below . The most important level is context—what are you building , where , who 's using it , and for what purpose ? The single family house on a mountaintop may have some appeal , but if you are driving an hour to work , another hour to pick up the kids and go shopping , and coming home to shovel firewood into the stove , you can not add any “ environmental ” technology onto that situation to make it sustainable . Poor context means isolated . Good context means building the right thing in the right place . Though Americans have a near obsession with their own independence , by far the most important environmental “ technology ” ever developed is cooperative use—in a word , community . Community is THE technology that makes renewable energy viable .
The second order of magnitude is conservation and insulation . It is always cheaper to save energy with good insulation and conservationist design than to generate energy . Make no mistake , current incentives to put up grid-tie solar and other “ renewable ” energy sources on American homes instead of focusing on insulation and smart context have everything to do with politics and nothing to do with environmental protection .
Renewable energy sources are the third level of design consideration . Renewable energy when added onto conventional American buildings is a feeble supplement to fossil energy sources . Once one has considered appropriate context and developed wise conservationist design , then renewable energy becomes a powerful , liberating energy source that can allow us to live sustainably , and support communities that empower our democracy from the ground up .
Want to build green ? Here 's your checklist ( and there is a resource section at the end with links to material sources ) :
1 ) Do n't do it alone , or with just your spouse . Find a group to work with or live with . The more you can share , the lower your footprint will be . If you live in a tropical climate , the tiny houses are fine . If you live in a climate that gets cold , then free-standing housing will always have a devastating footprint compared to shared spaces .
2 ) What works great in one place would be foolish in another . A subterranean house that works great in New Mexico would be a horrible mold pit in Virginia ( absent significant mechanical ventilation ) . A strawbale house would work great in the Dakotas , and it would be silly in Florida . Environmental solutions are always local .
3 ) Spend your money on good roofing ( enameled metal ) , good windows , insulation , and sub-grade insulation . The rest you can do as cheap as you want .
4 ) Do n't get anything less than decent quality double-pane windows . Never , never , never rebuild and install old single-pane windows . A decent quality double-pane window will have the same thermal performance as a multi-thousand-dollar triple-pane if you put thermal curtains in front of the double-pane window . Beware there are numerous different kinds of “ low-e ” coatings , many of which are designed to keep heat out , not let it in ( to minimize air conditioning bills rather than maximize winter solar gain ) . Do not buy cheap used windows .
5 ) Passive solar is a “ no-brainer. ” There are lots of good design guides around . Do n't sweat the details too much , just put a good amount of glass on the south side .
6 ) Do n't think that adding a bit more insulation than most people use is a good level of insulation . I have made super-insulated walls with straw , crumpled newspaper , leaves , and bamboo . Super-insulated walls need to be 18 inches or so thick . Blowing lots of insulation in the attic is easy enough . If you live where it rains , you need to keep the moisture out of your thick walls . The “ breathability ” issue is bogus unless you are building a commercial greenhouse or bathhouse . You DO need good overhangs , and some control over rainwater falling off the roof . While there are numerous variations of cob that work fine , beware of insulation and thermal mass are two different things . Walls of dirt and rock that conduct heat out of the building will burn a lot of energy in a cold climate .
7 ) Ask 10 different carpenters how to build a dog house and you get 10 different dog houses , nine of which keep the dog dry . There are lots of well-intentioned green builders without a lot of conventional building experience , and lots of conventional builders who get really nervous about changing anything . There is more than one right answer to any important question . Ask lots .
8 ) Avoid dead air spaces , especially in any climate with damp summers . Everything must cross ventilate .
Community is THE technology that makes renewable energy viable .
9 ) Unless you are building a teepee , flat , straight building lines are cheaper , faster , and will yield a much tighter insulation shell . A flat ceiling is better . Clearstories and skylights are always heat leaks . Put your creativity into making an effective shell look and function better . The American norm is to sacrifice function to making buildings look like micro-mansions . Funk that leaks like heck is no better . Avoid hiring an architect . They draw pictures . Your kid can do that . An experienced carpenter is far more useful .
10 ) Plan your utilities as an integral part of the design , not something that simply has to conform around the edges of a pretty design . I always put the utility room in the middle of the bath and kitchen so pipe runs are short .
11 ) Do not not not even think about adding solar features until you have worked out the questions of context and insulation . I have seen some really expensive and ineffective solar heating and power systems added to badly insulated buildings . The results are not inspirational . Solar photovoltaic power is your last priority . Really .
12 ) Do not buy cheap or used appliances unless you have the ability to assess their energy use .
That 's the nuts and bolts , and an opinion or two . We brought this all together at Living Energy Farm ( Louisa , Virginia ) , and went a bit further . We built a community that is intended to run ( and almost does ) without fossil fuel . More critically , we designed it to be cheap so people all over the world can do what we do . We have found that people almost always confuse self-sufficiency and sustainability . At LEF , our definition of sustainability is focused on what seven billion people can do , not what we with privilege can do . Our focus on keeping things simple and widely accessible is unique , so far as we can tell .
Our design is intended to maximize the use of unskilled labor . Specifically , we use strawbales stacked inside a conventional ( and cheap ) stud frame design . In researching and working with strawbales , we realized that the rebar pins and cabling needed to build a load-bearing strawbale is more expensive than the 2x4s needed for a cheap stud wall , and that stud wall is also much cheaper than post and beam . Strawbales are simply leaned up against a wall by unskilled labor . Then stuccoed , again with unskilled labor . A good stuccoer can radically accelerate your unskilled stucco workers . Inexperienced people can move really , really slowly if not taught properly . Some strawbalers stick religiously to lime plaster on the outside . We use a bit of cement in the plaster and thus end up with a wall that can last for centuries without maintenance .
Building LEF has sharpened my focus on what works in green building . We run our entire economy on about 200 watts per person . But we did that AFTER we insulated well , AFTER we built a very integrated community with a high degree of shared use . The DC microgrid system we have built works really well , and is very different from anything else we have found . Our system is much cheaper than other power supply systems . It is also made of much more durable components . It is modular , so you can build it one piece at a time . It also has a multi-linear energy flow , so there is no such thing as a system-wide power outage .
There is a darker side to all of this as well . The hyper-productive American economy relies on consumerism , people buying gobs of junk they do n't need . The pinnacle of consumerism is the American home , a micro-model of European royal mansions . That 's one reason “ green building ” can be such a popular topic . At its worst , green building becomes greenwash for the greatest orgy of consumption in America . But we all have to have shelter . So where is the line between green and greenwash ? The line is community . Community is the “ technology ” that makes renewable energy work .
When solar photovoltaic is added to ordinary American homes , the ecological footprint probably increases because the energy demand is so high . In communities like LEF , we are using somewhere around two percent as much energy per capita as the average American , all of it renewable . Renewable energy applied to conventional houses and industrial economies is a weak , intermittent , expensive , and ineffective energy source . Once you have a good community design that needs two percent as much energy , then suddenly renewable energy becomes a powerful , enabling energy source that can make life comfortable and easy . It is no exaggeration to say that our future hinges on our ability to form effective community organizations .
Resources
● Overview of the DC microgrid system used at LEF ( beware : this is a large PDF file ) : livingenergyfarm.org/raff20.pdf
● High quality DC brushless pumps : see Sun Pumps ( some brushless and some brushed ) , Grundfos , Lorentz , and Robison .
● High quality , moderately priced wood-fired equipment : DS Machine in Pennsylvania . Great Amish company , they have water heaters , canners , furnaces , and other useful devices . They do not have a private website , but are listed on their county website , reallancastercounty.com/local-services/house/heating-cooling-hvac-coal-firewood-propane-fuel-oil-stoves/ds-stoves
● Good design for thermal curtains : kumeproject.com
● Good source for reclaimed foam insulation for sub-grade use , or for building homemade solar heating panels : insulationdepot.com
● Waterproofing admix we use in exterior stucco , cheap and nontoxic , much better than just adding a spray-on water seal . We have not used this product long enough to give it an unconditional endorsement , but so far so good : www.kryton.com/products/krystol-mortar-admixture-kma
● If you do use skylights , here is a design than can convert them from a thermal liability to a thermal asset . These can be homemade as well , with aluminum roofing metal : www.zomeworks.com/sunbender
● Solar hot water pumps , closed loop only : see El Sid pumps , numerous suppliers .
● Other solar hot water components , including very high quality stainless water tanks : www.aetsolar.com
Excerpted from the Summer 2018 edition of Communities , “ Eco-Building ” —full issue available for download ( by voluntary donation ) here .
Go to the GEO front page
Liz Payne , Postmedia Apr 17 , 2017
OTTAWA — A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer .
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one 's fault and that “ medicine is not an exact science . ”
Sharon Marson , who now lives in New Brunswick , attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her , and The Ottawa Hospital . Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them , but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it .
Marson 's surgery was in August 2000 . For most lawsuits , the claim must be issued within two years . Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015 .
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “ I have been the victim of medical malpractice. ” Until then , she said , she was not aware there had been malpractice .
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces . Tests done after the exam found a “ shadow ” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy .
He ordered a series of tests . Based on those , he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed , to which she agreed .
In August 2000 , during a post-op consultation , Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was , in fact , benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring , not cancer .
“ Following my nephrectomy , I was told that the pathology report , much to Dr. Leahy 's surprise , was not cancer . I had been misdiagnosed . I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue , for which I had had not one symptom , ” she said in a court document .
According to court documents , Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “ false positive result ” for cancer and that “ tests can be wrong , but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted . ”
He added , “ Medicine is not an exact science . ”
At the time , she said , several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit , but she declined .
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension , she said , that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “ inconsistency ” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said .
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery , which was negative for cancer . Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening . Marson argued that further testing should have been done , in light of that result , before her kidney was removed .
“ He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life . ”
In court testimony , Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery . He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis .
Marson , meanwhile , who had been working as a supply technician , said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD .
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000 , she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason .
“ I now know that , at all material times , I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment. ” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action , she said , which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings .
“ I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state . ”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment . The Ottawa Hospital released this statement : “ The Court was clear in its decision in this case . The hospital can not speak on behalf of other parties . ”
epayne @ postmedia.com
KUALA LUMPUR : The body of slain Palestinian engineer Fadi Al Batsh , killed in a drive-by shooting in Kuala Lumpur , will depart Malaysia on Wednesday evening for Gaza where he will be buried , Palestinian ambassador to Malaysia , Dr Anwar Al Agha , told Channel NewsAsia on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) .
“ The body will leave Malaysia tomorrow evening around 7.30pm for Cairo by plane and will then continue by land to Gaza , ” Dr Anwar said .
“ We have received clearance ( from Egypt ) . The body is expected to arrive in Gaza maybe sometime around Thursday . ”
Batsh was killed in a drive-by shooting at 6am on Saturday as he was walking from his apartment to dawn prayers at a local mosque in the Kuala Lumpur suburb of Gombak .
Malaysian police said CCTV footage showed the killers had arrived on a powerful BMW motorcycle and wore full-faced helmets .
Police released sketches of the two suspects on Monday , describing them as “ well-built ” with Middle Eastern or European features . Both men had beards .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hamas , the Islamist organization that controls Gaza , accused Israel of being behind the engineer 's killing , saying he was killed for his knowledge in “ electrical engineering '' .
Israel 's Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman denied the charge , saying it was likely that Batsh , 35 , was killed as part of an internal Palestinian dispute .
The motorcycle used by the two alleged killers was abandoned at the Danau Kota township in Setapak , Kuala Lumpur , according to Malaysia 's Inspector-General of police Mohamad Fuzi Harun .
“ We do n't know what is their ( killers ) motive but I appeal against making speculations as it involves foreign countries , ” Fuzi told a press conference .
Fuzi also said that it would be “ difficult ” if the suspects had left the countries through illegal means .
Ambassador Anwar said he has full confidence the Malaysian government will thoroughly investigate the killing of al-Batsh .
“ We hope the killers will be caught and brought to justice . ”
PALESTINIANS IN MALAYSIA ADVISED TO TAKE PRECAUTIONS
Following the death , the Ambassador met with the Palestinian community and told them to be “ careful ” and to take precautions .
“ I told them ( Palestinians ) to be careful and to come to us ( embassy ) or report to us if anything happens , ” said Dr Anwar .
” Palestinians feel safe here . This is a lovely country and Malaysia has given much support to Palestinians .
“ I am just reminding them to be careful , '' said Dr Anwar .
According to Dr Anwar , there are an estimated 4,000 Palestinians living in Malaysia , around half of which are students . The remaining 2,000 are traders and refugees from Syria and Iraq waiting for resettlement in third countries .
Hi to all of you . How I would love meeting you all in person . Amazing how one can “ get to know ” people without actually meeting them ! By now I feel like I know some of you quite well !
We have plans this weekend of traveling to Ohio , where Daniel 's cousin is getting married . And in case you have the same question everyone else is asking , whether we 're taking all the children or not , yes , we are planning to take all of them with us . We did n't know which of them we 'd want to leave here , so we decided we 'll just make an adventure out of it and all go !
Thankfully , we were able to hire a bus driver who will be taking us . Traveling by bus is much easier with five little children than going with a van . Julia and Austin were thrilled for the chance to have a bus ride , especially since we 'll be traveling with their little cousins and other friends . Hopefully , the six-and-a-half-hour trip will pass swiftly with starting off at 3 a.m . Ya , the children are all supposed to sleep soundly on the bus until daybreak ! With me being the type who has a tendency to worry about things , I can just imagine one of my little ones letting out a loud shriek just after everyone else has settled down for naps and awaken the entire busload including other sleeping babies ! Thank God for my calm , steady husband who is n't worried a bit and thinks everything will turn out just fine ! I can just hear him say , “ It 's okay if not everything goes perfectly , children do cry at times , that 's just part of life ! ”
“ Okay , thanks Daniel , I really did need to hear that . Now what about restless little ones in a wedding with 500 guests and you feel like everyone is watching you as you make your way out to the nursery for the fourth time in an hour ? ” Hmmm … I think this mamma needs to quit worrying about the days ahead and what people may think and start refocusing onto the One who is able to direct and bless each step ! In reality , God has miraculously provided in less than ideal situations each time as I trusted Him to show us the way .
Anyway , I should be heading to bed . Everyone else is sound asleep and since I get to be on night duty with our two baby boys that need to be fed during the night , I try to not go to bed too late . Thanks to my dear hubby , who takes over when the boys , who are our little morning birds , with their “ wake-up song , ” are ready to rise and shine before we are ! That is my time to pop in ear plugs and sleep a while longer . Of course , Daniel is always concerned that I get a nap in during the day since my nights are a bit choppy , which has been a bit more of an issue these days with Mr . Flu Bug , who has been working on giving the children coughs , colds , and fevers this past week ! We hope and pray that we 'll all be healthy , ready to spend time with our Ohio family .
Goodnight to you all and may you also be blessed by the providence of God as you cry out to him !
As for a recipe , perhaps we 'll go with the mashed potatoes that are traditionally served at Amish weddings , which we 'll be having on Saturday at the wedding .
AMISH WEDDING MASHED POTATOES
Potatoes ( enough to fill a six-quart kettle )
6 ounces cream cheese
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup butter
3-4 cups hot milk or to right consistency ( it will depend on what potatoes you will be using )
Salt ( 1 1/2 tablespoons or to taste )
Instructions :
1 . Fill a six-quart kettle with diced and peeled potatoes .
2 . Add 1 1/2 inch water , turn on high until boiling .
3 . Turn the heat down and simmer until they are fork-tender .
4 . Once they are tender , they are ready to be drained and mashed .
5 . Put half stick of butter and half cup milk in the bottom of the six-quart kettle before you put in the finished mashed potatoes .
6 . Take two pounds of butter in a saucepan and cook over medium heat until just browned . Top with browned butter before serving .
http : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/04/web1_amish-cook-logofz-4.jpg
By Gloria Yoder
Readers can write or visit Gloria at 10437 E. 300th Ave. , Flat Rock , IL 62427 .
Readers can write or visit Gloria at 10437 E. 300th Ave. , Flat Rock , IL 62427 .
REUTERS : Burnley have signed free agent Joey Barton on a short-term deal until the end of the season , the Premier League club said on their website ( www.burnleyfootballclub.com ) on Monday .
The 34-year-old midfielder returns to Turf Moor having left the club in the close season after rejecting a new contract before embarking on an ill-fated spell with Glasgow Rangers .
Barton 's contract was terminated by the Scottish club on Nov. 10 after a training ground argument with teammate Andy Halliday resulted in a three-week internal suspension .
The outspoken Barton played a key role in Burnley 's Championship title success last season , and returns with the club 11th in the top flight on 23 points after 20 matches .
He has been training with Sean Dyche 's side since leaving Rangers , but his permanent transfer to the club was in doubt after an FA misconduct charge , with Barton facing a potential fine and suspension following alleged betting offences .
Before joining Burnley in 2015 , the one-time England international had spells with Manchester City , Newcastle United and Queens Park Rangers , while he also spent a season on loan with French giants Olympique de Marseille .
( Reporting by Ed Dove ; editing by Ken Ferris )
1 . Vehicle Option
Trim
Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow
Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White
Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month
Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash
While Kentucky and Tennessee are considered the heart of whiskey country , the beginning of the American Whiskey Trail is right in Alexandria at George Washington 's Distillery at the Historic Mount Vernon Estate , Museum & Gardens .
After his presidency , Washington pursued a variety of business ventures , the most lucrative of which was distilling hooch , principally rye whiskey . In fact , Washington , with labor supplied by slaves , operated one of the largest whiskey distilleries in early America , producing nearly 11,000 gallons in 1799 , the year he died .
According to historian Dennis Pogue , Washington 's distillery quickly became integral to the running of the Mount Vernon estate . As Pogue noted in “ Founding Spirits : George Washington and the Beginnings of the American Whiskey , ” the booze produced on site was often used as payment to laborers , artisans and local merchants , and was made available for medicinal purposes to slave and family alike . Washington 's gardener , for example , had a contract that stipulated payment of “ four Dollars at Christmas , with which he may be drunk 4 days and 4 nights . ”
In 1997 , significant archaeological and historical research was conducted on the Mount Vernon estate , and the site of the original 30-by-75-foot distillery — destroyed by fire in 1814 — was excavated between 1999 and 2006 . In 2005 , reconstruction of the distillery began .
George Washington 's Distillery is fully functional , producing a small batch of distilled spirits every month ( sold only on the estate ) , and it remains the only distillery in the nation to , as Historic Mount Vernon puts it , “ demonstrate the process of whiskey making as it was carried out in 18th-century America . ”
It 's a highly educational tour . The distillery — together with Mount Vernon 's farm site , gristmill and education center — teaches folks about the historical period , Washington 's business acumen and entrepreneurial side , and about making whiskey . It is easy to see why George Washington 's Distillery is an excellent starting place for exploring the American Whiskey Trail .
If you 'd like to venture farther afield , you might enjoy the organic and kosher certified ( under the Star-K ) Catoctin Creek Distillery in Purcellville , Va. ( catoctincreek.com ) , or One Eight Distilling in Washington ( oneeightdistilling.com ) or the Lyon Distilling Company in St. Michaels , Md. , on the Eastern Shore ( lyondistilling.com ) .
I recommend a glass of Catoctin Creek , Roundstone Rye , Distiller 's Edition , 92 Proof 46 percent abv ; $ 53 ) : A punchier , more intense version of their regular Roundstone Rye , this is open , sweet and fruity on the nose , but with some lovely roasted nuts , gingerbread , caramel , maple and spice flavors . It is medium-bodied , offering a satisfying tingle on the palate . Overall vibrant and tasty . L'chaim !
Send your wine and spirits questions to Joshua E. London at lchaimqs @ gmail.com .
Dr Janil Puthucheary hosts a 45-minute programme that explores religious differences , prejudices and perceptions about a topic that people are often afraid to ask questions about .
SINGAPORE : What does jihad really mean ? What are the most Google-searched questions about religion ? What do Singaporeans find acceptable and offensive when it comes to public statements that touch on Islam ?
These are some of the questions addressed in a documentary on religion in Singapore . Produced by Channel NewsAsia and hosted by Dr Janil Puthucheary , chairman of OnePeople.sg - a national body which works to promote racial and religious harmony - Regardless of Religion delves deep into the topic .
It 's a sequel to last year 's Regardless of Race , also hosted by Dr Puthucheary , which took an unprecedented look at what is often regarded as a taboo subject of racial prejudice and privilege in Singapore .
While racial harmony has been discussed widely in the country , religious harmony is separate and more sensitive , said Dr Puthucheary in the new documentary which will air on Monday ( Aug 14 ) , 8pm on Channel NewsAsia .
It features Dr Puthucheary speaking to the man on the street , students , academic experts and religious leaders to find out more about the perceptions and misconceptions about religion through candid conversations .
From the prejudices that students from madrasahs experience , to steps which can be taken to promote religious harmony , the documentary explores the realities of religious differences .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` People are very fearful about discussing religion , so we wanted to demonstrate that there is a need for it . People feel very sensitive about either causing offence or stepping into offence , ” said Dr Puthucheary after a private screening of the documentary at Cathay Cineplex at Ang Mo Kio Hub on Monday .
Some of the questions put to him during a question-and-answer session after the screening were whether educating future generations is enough , whether there is a divide between how older and younger people view religion , and whether empathy is the way to go .
The documentary comes at a time when religiously-motivated hate crimes around the world are on the rise . For instance in the United Kingdom , at least one person every hour becomes a victim of religious hate crime , according to sobering statistics cited in the documentary .
The programme 's producer Low Min Min said that she was surprised by what she learnt during the research process . She recounted an off-camera session she had with Muslim and Christian students , as well as those of other faiths .
“ At the end of one interview , one of them was tearing up and she said she was really thankful that I brought them together because it 's the first time she felt listened to by a person of another religion . It 's quite surprising how we do n't do this in our daily lives , '' she said .
The virtual reality booth is at Ang Mo Kio Hub in front of McDonald 's . ( Photo : Jalelah Abu Baker )
USING VIRTUAL REALITY TO FURTHER DRIVE CONVERSATION ABOUT RELIGION
Other than the documentary , a virtual reality booth has been set up outside Ang Mo Kio Hub , just in front of McDonald 's . The booth , which serves five or six people at a time , allows members of the public to experience two scenarios in which they are the target of bias .
In the first , a person gets suspicious stares in a public place , with people talking about him or moving away from him . In the second scenario , a person is at a coffee shop where customers choose to sit away from him , staring and looking at him suspiciously .
Ms Low said that the scenarios were created by putting together the information that her team got through their interviews over the four-month filming period .
Ms Suganthi Saravanan , 36 , an associate trainer who went through the virtual reality experience , said that she felt sad while the scenarios played out .
`` Being a minority in Singapore , there are issues I face with others ' perception of my religion . I could empathise with the person in the scenario , '' she said .
The booth is open from Monday to Aug 20 . Admission is free .
Asked on Friday what he meant when he said that a gathering of military leaders at the White House the evening before was `` the calm before the storm , '' U.S. President Donald Trump did not elaborate , and said again , `` You 'll find out . ''
WASHINGTON : President Donald Trump declined on Friday to explain what he meant when he described a gathering of military leaders as `` the calm before the storm , '' but the White House said he was not just being mischievous when he made the remark .
Pressed about what he meant by Thursday 's comment , the U.S. leader declined to elaborate , telling reporters only that , `` You 'll find out . '' White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders also declined to say what Trump meant .
When asked whether Trump was just being mischievous , Sanders denied he was just `` messing with the press . ''
`` I think we have some serious world issues here . I think that North Korea , Iran both continue to be bad actors and the president is somebody who 's going to always look for ways to protect Americans , '' Sanders said .
Leon Panetta , a former Defence secretary and CIA director , said Trump 's remarks would be something `` you 'd really worry about '' under a previous U.S. president . But he said Trump 's comments appeared to follow a pattern he 'd established on Twitter .
`` You begin to assume that it 's more about getting attention than it is about proclaiming some kind of national policy . I do n't think it 's responsible ... but I think in this instance we probably all should take a deep breath and try to assume he 's just making a play for attention , '' Panetta told CNN .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` There is no indication that there is a strategy or a policy behind that statement , '' he added .
Trump made the `` calm before the storm '' comment during a photo opportunity before having dinner with U.S. military leaders and their wives . The dinner followed a meeting in which Trump and the military leaders discussed Iran , North Korea , Afghanistan and the fight against Islamic State .
The president also appeared to criticise the military leaders on Thursday for moving too slowly to provide him advice .
`` Moving forward , I also expect you to provide me with a broad range of military options , when needed , at a much faster pace . I know that government bureaucracy is slow , but I am depending on you to overcome the obstacles of bureaucracy , '' he said .
Asked if Trump felt like military leaders were deliberately being slow to advise him , Sanders said , `` Not at all . ''
`` As you know , he 's a person who like to take action and take it quickly , '' she said . `` He wants options on the table so that he can make quick decision . ''
( Reporting by James Oliphant , Steve Holland and Tim Ahmann ; Writing by David Alexander ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
DUANVALE , Jamaica — Violet Brown spent much of her life cutting sugarcane in the fields around her home in western Jamaica . She attended church regularly , avoids pork and chicken and celebrated her 117th birthday last month .
On Saturday , she is believed to have become the world 's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy , born Nov. 29 , 1899 .
Brown told The Associated Press she is surprised but grateful to have lived this long .
“ This is what God has given me , so I have to take it — long life , ” Brown said in an interview in her home in the town of Duanvale .
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation , according to Robert Young , director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group , a network of volunteer researchers into the world 's oldest people . Its website says she was born on March 10 , 1900 .
Brown has not yet been declared the world 's oldest by Guinness World Records , considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young 's group . Young said he has met Brown and examined her birth certificate , which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of her birth .
“ She 's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time , ” Young said .
Jamaica 's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter .
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world 's oldest person title .
“ It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process , ” Guinness spokeswoman Elizabeth Montoya said . “ There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete . ”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home she shares with her 97-year-old son . She is able to sit up by herself and walk short distances . And while she is hard of hearing , she offered swift , complete responses to questions about her life and family .
The secret to long life is hard work , she said .
“ I was a cane farmer . I would do every work myself , ” she said . “ I worked , me and my husband , over that hill . ”
She also credited her Christian faith for her long life .
“ I 've done nearly everything at the church , ” she said . “ I spent all my time in the church . I like to sing . I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up , ” to today , she said .
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “ Almost Like Praying . ”
Marc Anthony , Ruben Blades , Camila Cabello , Pedro Capo , Dessa , Gloria Estefan , Fat Joe , Luis Fonsi , Juan Luis Guerra , Alex Lacamoire , John Leguizamo , Jennifer Lopez , Rita Moreno , Ednita Nazario , Joell Ortiz , Anthony Ramos , Gina Rodriguez , Gilberto Santa Rosa , PJ Sin Suela , Tommy Torres , and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song , which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico .
Written by Miranda only last week , the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “ Maria , ” from West Side Story .
Check out the star-studded charity single below .
Warren Gatland insists British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton will take it on the chin if he does not win selection for the first New Zealand Test .
Ireland flanker Peter O'Mahony will captain the Lions in Saturday 's clash against the Maori All Blacks in Rotorua , with Warburton on the bench .
Gatland confirmed that O'Mahony will keep the armband if he stays on the field when Warburton joins the fray , as a likely second-half replacement for Sean O'Brien .
Warburton faces a race against time to be fully match-sharp for the first Test on June 24 and Gatland is confident his tour captain would accept the decision if he does not make that starting XV .
`` Sam 's well aware of the competition that is there at the moment , '' said Gatland .
`` He fully understands that that loose forward trio ( O'Mahony , O'Brien and Taulupe Faletau ) went outstandingly well against the Crusaders .
`` The challenge for them is to repeat it . And if they do it again , we 'll make what we think is the right selection for the Test match .
`` One of the reasons we selected him as captain of the squad is that he is an absolute quality player .
`` But this tour is n't about Sam Warburton , it 's about putting the squad first .
`` If he 's not involved in the first Test because of the performance on Saturday night he will fully understand that .
`` But he 'll get some game time and some opportunity to keep improving his match fitness because he has n't had a lot of rugby in recent weeks .
`` This is important for him . He got a run-out against the Highlanders , I thought he was good for a long period of the game .
`` Sean O'Brien has n't had a lot of rugby either . So they 'll both get game time and Sam gets another chance on Saturday night to come and perform .
`` Peter will continue to lead the team ( if Warburton comes on ) ; I think that 's only fair .
`` You would n't change your match captain to your tour captain as he comes on the field . Sam 's comfortable with that .
`` I do n't think that 's the right thing , that 's not the normal way that would happen . ''
Jonathan Davies has been passed fit after head injury trouble to start , forging a formidable midfield trio with Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton and England centre Ben Te ' o .
Gatland insisted Warburton 's ability to cope with setbacks and remain resolute was one of the key reasons why he was named Lions captain in the first place .
`` Sam 's character is hugely helpful ; sometimes guys will be disappointed , one or two may feel they have n't had a chance , '' said Gatland .
`` That 's the hardest thing about going on tour . But it 's how you deal with that .
`` We want people disappointed if they are not selected , but it 's then how you deal with that and how you respond .
`` You 've got to put that behind you , and be a positive influence and positive character around the squad . So far we 've seen that . ''
Gatland hailed Saturday 's Lions captain O'Mahony as a man who can bring the intangible will to win that has underscored Munster 's modern-era success .
`` I think sometimes it 's not something that you can quantify , what Munster bring to a game , '' said Gatland .
`` It 's a special pride , sometimes the performances they can produce , ( they 've ) done consistently over the years - b eing able to dig deep and bring performances from places where individuals and collectively people often ca n't do .
`` That 's what Peter will bring to the team on Saturday . ''
Ireland back-rower O'Mahony has had to fend off 18 months of chronic knee problems before hitting enough form to force his way onto the Lions tour .
The gritty flanker impressed against the Crusaders and is now a genuine Test-match option .
`` It 's a huge honour , obviously to be picked for the Lions at all is a massive honour , '' said O'Mahony .
`` To get the nod from Warren this weekend is hugely special , not just me but for all the clubs , people and family who have put effort into me . It 's a huge honour .
`` We want to win but first and foremost we need a performance .
`` Whatever comes after that is what comes .
`` We need to be stepping up and guys to stick your hands up . ''
The Minister of Science and Technology , Dr Ogbonnaya Onu , has pledged Federal Government 's readiness to support Nigerian scientists in conversion of research and innovation findings into products and services .
A statement issued in Abuja on Friday by Mr AbdulGaniyu Aminu , Deputy Director of Press in the ministry , said that Onu made the pledge when he received a delegation from the Chemical Society of Nigeria ( CSN ) .
Onu said administration of President Muhammadu Buhari would support Nigerian Scientists to develop technology and innovation that would help the country grow at a faster rate and compete favourably with developed countries .
The minister assured the delegation that the ministry would support any intellectual property in any field of Science , Technology and Innovation ( STI ) for the development of natural resources in the country .
He , therefore , called on scientists to work harder to ensure that the country became a truly great nation .
“ Nigeria can not be truly great without the enormous contributions of scientists .
“ Nigeria need to conduct research and innovation work in areas of our needs , thereby putting an end to continuous importation of products into the country .
“ Nigerian scientists will help in harnessing our raw materials to convert them to products we can consume in our nation , ” he said .
Earlier , CSN President , Prof. Sunday Okeniyi , told the minister that the society was seeking collaboration with the ministry to facilitate research and development in the nation .
He expressed optimism that the effort would deepen deployment of STI in enhancing the pace of socio-economic development of Nigeria .
Okeniyi solicited the ministry 's support in the professional practice of chemistry and requested for the propagation of the society 's ideals .
“ SCN is the major professional body representing and promoting the practice of chemistry in Nigeria , ” the president said .
ISLAMABAD - As part of its efforts to consolidate the gains made by country 's armed forces in the war against terrorism and extremism , the civilian government yesterday took a very positive step to further weaken the agents of intolerance and mischief .
Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal told the National Assembly that those issuing decrees declaring others non-Muslims on social media will be booked and tried under the Cyber Crime Act .
In an Islamic country it is only the right of the state to declare jihad , the minister said categorically . “ Politicking on religious sentiments is a dangerous trend , ” he said .
He called upon Ulema to denounce such Fatwas [ be they on cyberspace or social space ] as it was not right of any individual to issue a religious decree .
“ We have to defeat terrorism with unity in our ranks . Nobody can claim a monopoly over Hubb-e-Allah [ love for God ] and Hubb-e-Rasool [ love for Prophet Muhammad ] , ” he said .
“ The rulings [ about infidelity ] against one another in cities and villages will turn this country into a war zone ... the enemy wants Muslims to kill one another ... I request religious and political leaders , and the clergy to denounce such Fatwas , ” the minister said .
Ahsan Iqbal announced that the government will take rigorous action against individuals that involve themselves in hate crimes on social media under cybercrime laws .
He also said that no one has the right to raise questions over the faith of legislators who have taken oath of being the believers of the finality of the Prophethood .
“ No one has a franchise to judge anyone 's faith , ” Ahsan Iqbal said . “ In order to defeat the enemies of Muslims and Pakistan we have to forge unity in the country , ” he added .
Jhal Magsi attack
About suicide bombing in Balochistan on Thursday which claimed more than 20 lives , “ Such terror incidents remind us that unity among the nation is the need of the hour . ''
Condemning the attack at the Jhal Magsi shrine , he said the provincial government has been asked to submit the report . He said the federal government will announce compensation for the victims .
The minister said during the last four years , the country has successfully carried out Zarb-e-Azb and Raddul Fasaad operations . The country has achieved significant successes in this war , but some elements keep entering from across the border and hitting the soft targets in the country , he added .
`` [ But ] such cowardly attacks can not create fear and defeat the people [ of Pakistan ] . Our enemy does not know that these attacks would further enhance courage and determination of the people , '' he said .
Ahsan said the eradication of terrorism from the country was a prerequisite for prosperity and development of the country .
Amir Magsi from Jhal Magsi area , PPP 's Ijaz Jakarani and PPP 's Nawab Yusuf Talpoor also strongly condemned the incident .
Khatm-e-Nabuwat declaration
About the controversial clause in the recently-passed election law , Ahsan said that the nomination papers oath has been restored to its previous form unanimously .
“ The matter about the finality of Prophethood can not be compromised , ” he said , lauding the unity of all parties in the National Assembly on this issue .
Religious Affairs Minister Muhammad Yousuf said , “ I do n't think there is any confusion left in the bill as now it is in its original shape . ”
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf MNA Shehryar Afridi , on a point of order , said the government should fix responsibility for the attempt to bring changes in the electoral declaration regarding Khatm-e-Nabuwat .
Taking the floor , Opposition Leader Khursheed Shah remarked that the government was itself creating problems by raising the issue about the bill . “ There is a need to strengthen unity among all , ” he added .
Muttahida Qaumi Movement staged a token walkout from the proceedings over the knife attacks on women by some unknown persons in Karachi .
“ It seems Sindh CM and police are helpless as many women were injured by the attackers , ” MQM-P 's Fauzia Hameed said and left the house in protest along with her party colleagues .
The house saw very thin presence throughout the day especially from the treasury benches .
Minister for IPC Riaz Pirzada the other day ( Thursday ) threatened the government to stage protest everyday if enquiry was not conducted on the issue of linking certain lawmakers with banned outfits . He had also walked out from the proceedings in protest with other lawmakers . On Friday , Pirzada was not seen in the house throughout the proceedings .
TORONTO—A Tom Thomson painting that was given away as a gag gift just months ago has sold at auction for nearly half a million dollars . Until recently , “ Sketch for Lake in Algonquin Park ” was collecting dust among a pile of artworks in Glenna Gardiner 's Edmonton basement .
Glenna Gardiner holds a picture of her Tom Thomson painting in Edmonton . The painting , which she once gave away as a gag , sold at auction in Toronto on Wednesday night for $ 481,250 . ( JASON FRANSON / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo ) Thomson did the small 18 by 25 centimetre “ sketch ” on site at Lake Algonquin in northeastern Ontario in 1912 or 1913 , and later produced a larger version , which is now held by the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa . ( Heffel Inc. / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo ) The Tom Thomson painting 's authenticity was verified in March by Heffel Fine Art Auction House . ( Heffel Inc. / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
The 71-year-old retired nurse says she used to laugh off her late father 's claims that the painting was created by Thomson , often considered the forefather to the Group of Seven . Gardiner told StarMetro in May that she remembered the “ dull ” landscape image from childhood . As a kid she did n't understand why her dad cared so much about the painting , which he insisted was a Tom Thomson piece . When she got older , and learned how famous Thomson was , she assumed her dad had been joking about the piece 's origins . “ I inherited it from my father . When he died there were a bunch of paintings left over , and my sister took what she wanted , and I took the leftovers . This was one of the leftovers , ” she said .
Article Continued Below
It became a running joke between Gardiner and a longtime friend when they came across the painting while reorganizing Gardiner 's basement . Her friend insisted it could be “ worth something , ” leading Gardiner to present it to her . “ I sent it to her as a gag and said she was the only person that had been interested and if it was worth anything we 'd go on a cruise . I had mailed it down , which I ( later ) discovered you 're not supposed to do with a good painting. ” Eventually , it was brought to Heffel Fine Art Auction House for appraisal , where experts verified its pedigree and valued the sketch at between $ 125,000 and $ 175,000 . That turned out to be a very conservative estimate . It sold at auction in Toronto on Wednesday night for $ 481,250 . Thomson did the small 18 by 25 centimetre “ sketch ” on site at Lake Algonquin in northeastern Ontario in 1912 or 1913 , and later produced a larger version , which is now held by the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa .
“ Out in the field he would do the oil sketches , and the ( larger ) canvases were studio works , ” said Charlie Hill , a retired curator from the National Gallery of Canada . Hill said discoveries like this are rare because most of Thomson 's art is now accounted for . However , he thinks it 's likely a few more previously unknown Thomson pieces will surface in the coming years .
Article Continued Below
Wednesday 's auction of 118 works — which raised a total of $ 14.1 million — included pieces by Paul-Emile Borduas , whose 1956 masterpiece “ Figures schematiques ” led the auction by fetching $ 3.6 million — an auction record for the artist . “ Morning , Lake Superior ” by Group of Seven founder Lawren Harris sold for $ 1.1 million — far above the pre-sale estimate of between $ 100,000 and $ 150,000 . The small work is described as a preparatory sketch for a pivotal canvas by the artist , hanging in the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts . Other Group of Seven paintings offered in the auction included A.J . Casson 's “ Farmhouse Near Wingle. ” The canvas also sold well over the pre-sale estimate at $ 541,250 ( est . $ 150,000 — $ 250,000 ) . With files from Tessa Vikander , StarMetro
Read more about :
UMass STEM seminar promotes positive psychology
Posted by Jami Dunn on February 15 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
A husband and wife duo presented a lecture titled “ Engagement and Positive Psychology for STEM Learning and Beyond ” as part of a STEM seminar series late Tuesday afternoon in Hasbrouck at the University of Massachusetts .
Mark Tuominen , a physics professor at the University , and his wife Lori Tuominen , a coach in positive psychology and positive organizational development , ran the hour-long seminar , which was mostly attended by faculty and graduate students .
The couple teaches a faculty first-year seminar every fall semester titled “ Positive Psychology : The Science of Happiness , Creativity and Accomplishment. ” Mark Tuominen described the course as “ a sample plate ” of topics in positive psychology . In comparison , he noted that Tuesday 's seminar was merely a “ taste ” of such concepts .
Overall , positive psychology is “ the scientific study of the strengths and virtues that enable individuals and communities to thrive , ” according to a definition that the couple posted from the Positive Psychology Center at the University of Pennsylvania .
Some of the major concepts in positive psychology , they noted , include gratitude , resilience , self-efficacy , neuroplasticity , observation and mindfulness . “ It 's essentially all those things that make life worth living , ” said Lori Tuominen . “ So much of psychology is focused on the diagnostic criteria and the pathology , and [ positive psychology ] is just the opposite . ”
“ They 're not saying ignore the pathology ; they 're saying we need to also look at what 's good , ” she added .
The seminar was largely cooperative , with the couple engaging attendees in interactive activities to model some of the aforementioned concepts .
One such activity was meant to showcase observation , with the couple noting that , “ The deeper we look , the more we see. ” Attendees broke off into pairs and described an object to their partner , who had their eyes closed . They could not provide any information about the object 's use , only the physical characteristics of the object .
Many of the participants noted that it was hard to guess what the object was and only a few were able to correctly do so ; the couple mentioned that this was a very common occurrence and that these exercises are meant to get you in the habit of becoming a more active , observant listener .
“ Observation is like a muscle : the more you use it , the better you are at it , ” said Mark Tuominen , “ so that 's kind of the message that we want to send home . ”
The couple also discussed the importance of not being afraid to take risks or potentially fail when it comes to learning . To model this , Lori Tuominen discussed a period of 30 days in which she persistently tried to teach herself how to juggle for just five minutes a day , refusing to give up when she initially struggled .
At the end of the 30-day period , Lori Tuominen could juggle three balls 168 times consecutively , a far cry from her humble beginning of just four consecutive throws .
“ My own teacher of positive psychology says that ‘ you learn to fail or you fail to learn , ' ” she said . “ You ca n't let yourself get in the way , you have to just keep trying . ”
Though the seminar had a relatively small number of attendees , there was never a lull in the discussion ; many event-goers hung around afterward to chat with each other and with the Tuominens .
When asked to comment on the seminar , Ted Leone , a computer science graduate student at the University , said , “ I will take away that it is still worthwhile to pursue my interest in applying positive psychology to my own life . ”
The Tuominens ended their lecture by emphasizing that positive psychology is not simply about what is good and that it should not be confused for positive thinking .
“ It 's to engage the full resources of yourself , ” Lori Tuominen said . “ It 's recognizing all of your emotions , positive or negative . Struggle is good . ”
Jami Dunn can be reached at jamidunn @ umass.edu and followed on Twitter @ JamiDunn_ .
MAILSI-Azizullah Shah Tahir has been elected as Mailsi Press Club president unopposed here .
According to results , the other candidates elected unopposed are : Muhammad Yousuf Kamran has been elected as senior vice president , Atiqur Rehman , Mehr Muhammad Yameen , Ahmed Mursaleen , Rana Asghar , Shafiq Tahir , Khalid Mehmood as vice presidents , Syed Naveedul Hassan as general secretary , Rukhsana Ejaz as joint secretary , Ejaz Ahmed Bhatti as finance secretary , Imran Khan Bloch as secretary information and Allah Rakha as coordination secretary .
On the occasion , MNA Saeed Ahmed Manais , Agriculture Minister Naeem Khan Bhabha , Livestock Minister Asif Saeed Khan Manais , PTI MPA Jahanzeb Khan Khichi , Mailsi Municipal Committee chairman Tauseef Ahmed Khan Yousufzai and vice chairman Mehr Abdul Khaliq congratulated the elected candidates over their success and extended best wishes to them .
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) — Critics say DuPont has spent too little on testing Ohio and West Virginia residents for contamination from a chemical used to make Teflon , while paying millions to a lawyer overseeing the testing program .
The Columbus Dispatch ( http : //bit.ly/2oik01H ) reports DuPont spent about $ 860,000 on testing for contamination from the chemical used to make Teflon .
A court filing this month revealed the lawyer who oversees the medical testing program was paid nearly $ 15 million .
Cincinnati attorney Robert Billot filed a class-action lawsuit against DuPont alleging the company released C8-tainted water into the Ohio River . The company settled in 2004 and agreed to pay 70,000 residents to have their blood tested for C8 .
About 2,020 people have been tested . Bilott says the company has more than enough funds to cover the program 's cost .
ZANESVILLE , Ohio- The Zanesville Fire Department and the Muskingum County Emergency Management Agency responded to a gas leak near Zanesville High School around 11:30 Wednesday .
Interim Fire Chief Doug Hobson said they received calls about a chemical smell and found it to be a gas line leak . He said the gas has been shut off and people are no longer being asked to stay inside their homes . It occurred because of a construction crew near Z.H.S .
“ Unfortunately , a bulldozer has hit an eight inch line , gas line down in the bottom part of the valley , ” said Hobson .
Hobson said no evacuations occurred . However , all events planned at Zanesville High School Wednesday night have been canceled . Hobson said any business impacted by the gas being turned off will likely be without gas for several hours while the line is being repaired .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Premier League clubs are pushing for the transfer window to be shut before the start of the season , according to reports .
National newspapers say the issue is set to be discussed at a shareholders ' meeting in September with a majority of clubs in favour of shortening the window , which this year closes on August 31 .
The move comes amid uncertainty over the future of a number of players , including Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho , Everton 's Ross Barkley and Swansea striker Gylfi Sigurdsson .
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp appeared to lend his support to the idea at a press conference ahead of his side 's UEFA Champions League match in Hoffenheim .
Klopp said : `` It would have helped us this year ( if the window had shut early ) . It makes sense that when the season is starting , planning for the team is over . ''
His Swansea counterpart Paul Clement , who faces losing Sigurdsson to Everton , has also indicated that Premier League bosses broadly back the change .
`` At our managers ' meeting at the Premier League last week , we spoke about it , ' Clement said over the weekend .
`` The majority of clubs are in favour but maybe all have to be for it to go through . It could happen next year . ''
Southampton 's Virgil van Dijk is another player whose future remains in doubt with a number of rival Premier League clubs still interested in signing him .
Officials at the Premier League were not immediately available to comment on the reports .
JAKARTA : Indonesian anti-terrorism police have detained 18 people with links to militant groups in a bid to cut the risk of attacks during Christmas and the New Year in the world 's biggest Muslim-majority country , police said on Monday .
Near-simultaneous attacks on churches in the capital , Jakarta , and elsewhere on Christmas Eve in 2000 , killed nearly 20 people . Ever since , authorities have stepped up security at churches and tourist spots for the holiday .
Police Chief Tito Karnavian said while there was no evidence of a specific plot , the detentions were made in a bid to head off trouble .
`` We 're doing a pre-emptive strike , '' Karnavian told reporters .
`` The majority of them have links to previous incidents ( and people ) who we had arrested earlier , '' he said .
Police said that 12 people had been detained in South Sumatra , four in West Kalimantan , one in Malang in East Java and one in Surabaya in the same province .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Under Indonesia 's anti-terrorism laws , investigators can hold people for seven days before determining whether they will be designated suspects or released , said police spokesman Setyo Wasisto .
Indonesia has seen its share of militant attacks over the years aimed at foreign , Christian and government targets including blasts on the tourist island of Bali in 2002 that killed 202 people .
Since then , police have managed to stamp out or weaken many militant networks although there has been a resurgence in radicalism in recent years , inspired largely by Islamic State .
A series of small-scale attacks since early 2016 has been linked to Islamic State , which is believed to have thousands of sympathizers in Indonesia .
( Reporting by Agustinus Beo Da Costa ; Writing by Ed Davies ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
We are n't all lucky enough to be born with big , plump lips . We wish we had them , but do n't want to go through with a clinical procedure , which can be scary . What if we told you that you could get full , all-day-lasting results , without having to go under the knife ? With a few beauty tips , plus the help of a little bit of make-up , you can have a beautifully plump pout . Our step-by-step guide will enhance your pucker ; you might even trick someone into thinking you got fillers overnight . Read on .
Step 1 : Prep your lips
Most people do n't realise that prepping your lips is almost as important as using a lip liner and lipstick . Prepping your lips will leave them smooth and give them an extra bounce from the exfoliation . Start by exfoliating with a lip scrub or a mix of sugar and honey . Try using Milani 's Keep It Sweet Sugar Lip Scrub for a treat . Trust us , your lips will thank you later .
Next , it 's time to hydrate your lips for a smooth application of lip products—think of it as primer for your lips . Use a lip balm that is n't too oily or the liner and lipstick will just smear off once applied . We like the Korres Mandarin Colourless Lip Butter Stick for its dry finish , but ultra-moisturising ingredients that sink into the skin . An added bonus—the SPF helps protect your lips from UV rays throughout the day so try to find a balm that contains at least SPF 15 or more .
Step 2 : Over-line
Now that we 've prepped our lips , one of the most important steps to achieving plumper looking lips , is lining them . Start by using a lip liner that is a shade darker than your natural lip colour . Do n't worry ; we will blend it out later . Open your mouth about an inch , and trace just around the outside of your natural lip line—not on it . Do n't over-line the corners , or it will end up making your mouth appear too wide and unnatural .
Step 3 : Sculpt and colour
To get a pout with major plump effect ( think lip queen Kylie Jenner ) , the secret is creating depth on your lips . Sculpting out the lines in your natural lips will give them a faux definition . So , using the same lip liner , draw a vertical line in the centre of your bottom lip . Then , draw four more vertical lines ( two on each side ) , angled with the curve of your natural lip . Then draw three smaller vertical lines on your top lip-one in the centre and two on the sides .
Next , colour in on your lips with a lipstick . Blot your lips together . We recommend Charlotte Tilbury 's Luscious Lip Slick set for a no-brainer pick .
Step 4 : Use a plumping product
Possibly the most exciting part of lip plumping is using an actual product with plumping agents , to see immediate results . Choose a product that has a tingling sensation for maximum fullness . Try the Dior Dior Addict Lip Maximiser Plumping Gloss .
Step 5 : Contour and highlight
The final step to achieving a plump pout is highlighting and contouring around the lip . Let 's start by using a contour colour and apply it directly underneath your bottom lip . Blend it out about 1/3 of the way on each side . This will make your bottom lip appear fuller . Then , using a highlighter , apply it to your cupid 's bow ( the curve in the centre of your upper lip ) . For an added wow factor , keep your lips together and apply a little bit of highlighter to the centre of your lips . This will make your lips pop and if that does n't describe luscious lips , we do n't know what does .
In case you missed it , here 's the previous story from the series : 8 commandments to the ultimate luxury skincare kit
Have n't been able to pick a concealer that matches your skin tone ? Has your face been breaking out even when you do n't overload your skin with different products ? We 're going back to basics with ‘ Beauty 101 ' , our series that 'll be your complete guide to everything beauty . Make sure you do n't miss a single story .
VASCO : Renowned historian , erudite scholar , biographer and reputed columnist Dr Ramachandra Guha Sunday said that patriotism , like charity and democracy , begins at home and that it should be substantial , non-symbolic , compassionate , more humane and more dignified and should not be reduced to singing the national anthem .
Guha was addressing as the chief guest on the occasion of the 80th and 81st Award Convocation 2017 at the Birla Institute of Technology and Science ( BITS ) K K Birla Goa campus in the presence of Vice Chancellor BITS Pilani Souvik Bhattacharyya , director R Raghurama and registrar S S Sivasubramaniam .
In his inspiring convocation address , Dr Guha highlighted the cultural , linguistic and religious diversity as the hallmark of our nation . He also pointed out that the greatness of India has emanated from its civilisation depth and the rich tradition of democracy . Dr Guha said that sustenance of linguistic and religious pluralism is absolutely crucial not only for the survival of Indian democracy but also for the growth of Indian economy .
He recalled that in 1920 , Mahatma Gandhi promised to have a linguistic state after independence and because of the same , India has now survived . He said that Pakistan was created on the basis of religion , but was divided on the basis of language . Speaking about Sri Lanka , Dr Guha said that Sri Lanka has an impressive democratic record of dominance and also has much better human indications . While comparing the three neighbouring countries , Dr Guha said that India is much better off in terms of human and social indications with a lower infant mortality rate and better education for women .
Dr Guha was of the opinion that democracy has to be cherished and it needs to be deeply married with diversity . “ Apart from Sri Lanka , India is the only country in the post-colonial world which has consistently held regular free and fair elections since Independence , ” he said .
Speaking about the difference between Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi over economic policies in the country , Dr Guha said that both these leaders were united for their absolute commitment to religious and linguistic plurality . He said that as patriotism and nationalism indicate love towards one 's country and hatred towards another 's country , respectively , it therefore appears that people are living in a danger zone by confronting the truth and substituting true patriotism with vulgar nationalism .
Dr Guha said that India has created a world record every time during general elections wherein people have turned out in large numbers by voting freely and fairly , breaking the records of previous elections . He was of the opinion that democracy should be much more above elections . Giving a recent example , Dr Guha said that the Election Commission has proved last week during the Gujarat Rajya Sabha election that it was competent , transparent and a non-corrupt institution .
Dr Guha said that the greatness of India has emanated from our civilisation depth and the rich tradition of democracy . He also said that Indian civilisation is deeply spiritual and contains philosophical , artistic and musical tradition . “ India lives simultaneously in the 12th century and the 21st century and all the centuries in between , ” said Dr Guha .
Sharing his experience , Dr Guha said that in his younger days , he visited eight states of the country including Kerala , Maharashtra , Tamil Nadu , Gujarat and Bengal in order to see the diversity . “ I found surprises , struggle , education , enriches everywhere due to the special extraordinary feature of India which is unity in diversity due to the existence of all community people like Hindus , Christians , Muslims , Sikhs , Parsis and Jains , ” said Dr Guha . He said that religious and linguistic diversity in India is something extraordinary . He said that Indian currency is written in 17 different languages and 17 different scripts . He also made references to ecological diversities which are of utmost importance to study the highest mountains , deserts , diverse coastlines . He also said that technological diversity is important , as BITS is connected to technology and science .
Vice Chancellor of BITS Pilani Bhattacharyya read out the message of Chancellor of BITS Pilani Dr Kumar Mangalam Birla and urged the graduating students to be innovative and disruptive for being creative . He pointed out that disruption displaces an existing market , industry or technology and creates something new , more efficient and worthwhile .
Dr Guha awarded gold medal to Talluri Varsheeth , silver medal to Ayush Sharma and bronze to Sudeep Mishra . This year , 625 students received their degrees , of which 21 were PhDs .
LAHORE - Post Graduate Medical Institute/Lahore General Hospital arranged a workshop on Colonoscopy on Monday in collaboration with North East School of Endoscopy UK , Pakistan Society of Gastroenterology and GL Endoscopy and Digestive Disease Foundation .
Principal PGMI/LGH Prof Ghiyasun Nabi Tayyab chaired the workshop attended by experts from the country and abroad . Prof Ghiyasun Nabi said that such workshops always prove to be very useful towards the successful career of young doctors . Such activities set right approach of doctors through enhanced knowledge about medical advancements and new therapies . Dr Raheel Queshi , Dr Mumtaz Hayat , Dr Farooq Khan and Dr Kamran Shafiq who came from UK also delivered lectures .
Dr Israr ul Haq Toor , Dr Ghiyas ul Hassan , Dr Asif Gul and Dr Bilal Nasir represented the local medical experts .
The CW television network has lots of shows that appeal to teenagers — and its new show , Riverdale , tells the story of some teenagers who 've been around for more than 75 years .
Yes , Riverdale is the latest incarnation of the all-American Archie comics . It premieres tonight , and it has none of the aw-shucks innocence of the original . This town is full of forbidden love , secrets , and murder .
Producer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa tells NPR 's Ari Shapiro that he grew up reading Archie . `` When I was really young , before comic book shops opened up as specialty shops , I would go to the 7-11 , and off the spinning rack I would buy comic books , '' he says . `` Superhero , horror comic books and Archie comic books . ''
Interview Highlights
On his childhood obsession with the Archie characters
At the time , it was because I really wanted to be friends with these kids , and kind of the older I got ... it became very in vogue for comic book superheroes , especially , to be really dark and brooding . There was something again about the Archie characters that was inherently innocent , inherently optimistic and comforting . So I think that 's why kind of they always had a warm spot in my heart .
On bringing these characters into a dark place
The guiding principle for us is that we maintain the absolute core of the characters from the comics , from the 75-year canon of Archie comics .
We take those archetypes ... and we put them in much more morally complex , adult , even criminal situations , and we see what they do .
The characters , when they were conceived , were so strong , they 're such archetypes that ... you can throw a lot of stuff at them and the archetypes hold . There 's something very flinty about the characters , something very steel-like , and that 's what allows us to imagine these different scenarios .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
ARI SHAPIRO , HOST :
The CW TV network has a lot of shows that appeal to teenagers . The new show `` Riverdale '' tells the story of some teenagers who have been around for more than 75 years .
( SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW , `` RIVERDALE '' )
KEVIN KELLER : ( As Casey Cott ) Oh , my God .
UNIDENTIFIED ACTRESS : ( As character ) What ?
KELLER : ( As Casey Cott ) Archie got hot . He 's got abs now - six more reasons for you to take that Ginger bull by the horns tonight .
SHAPIRO : Archie is the famous redhead Archie Andrews . His best friends are Betty and Veronica . Yes , `` Riverdale '' is the latest incarnation of the all-American `` Archie Comics . '' As you can tell from that clip , the show the premiered tonight has none of the aw-shucks innocence of the original . This town is full of forbidden love , secrets and murder .
( SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW , `` RIVERDALE '' )
UNIDENTIFIED ACTOR : ( As character ) Riverdale police dragged Sweetwater River for Jason 's body , but never found it .
SHAPIRO : Roberto Aquirre-Sacasa is the chief creative officer for `` Archie Comics '' and a producer on the show . Welcome to the program .
ROBERTO AGUIRRE-SACASA : Nice to be here . Thank you .
SHAPIRO : I understand you grew up reading the `` Archie Comics . '' Why were they so important to you as a kid ?
AGUIRRE-SACASA : You know , when I was really young , before comic book shops opened up as specialty shops , I would go to the 7-Eleven and off the spinning rack , I would buy comic books - superhero , horror comic books . And I kind of look back on that time a lot and try to analyze why I became so obsessed with these characters . And at the time , it was because I really wanted to be friends with these kids .
I went to kind of all-boys prep school in Maryland , but my desire had been to go to a public school like Riverdale High and to be friends with people like Archie and Jughead and Betty and Veronica . And , you know , I kind of expressed this to my parents , and they were like , well , if you go to a public school in D.C. , it 's probably not going to be like Riverdale High .
SHAPIRO : ( Laughter ) Maybe it 'll be more like the Riverdale of the CW , which is much more racially diverse than the Riverdale of the original `` Archie Comics . ''
AGUIRRE-SACASA : Exactly , exactly . And kind of the older I got , you know , it was sort of - it became very in vogue for comic book superheroes , especially , to be really dark and brooding . There was something , again , about the `` Archie '' characters that was inherently optimistic , inherently innocent and comforting . So I think that 's why kind of they always had a warm spot in my heart .
SHAPIRO : OK . So how do you strike the balance between , on the one hand wanting to maintain the innocence , the joy , the love that people feel for this sort of all-American characters and , on the other hand , wanting to bring it into this dark place of sex and murder .
AGUIRRE-SACASA : Kind of the guiding principle for us is that we maintain the absolute core of the characters from the comics - from , you know , the 75-year canon of `` Archie Comics . ''
SHAPIRO : So Betty is sort of the sweet , blonde girl next door . Veronica remains the kind of spoiled , entitled rich girl . Jughead is always the outsider .
AGUIRRE-SACASA : Yeah , and Archie is sort of , like , a good kid who always tries to do the right thing and help his friends , kind of screws up , but then his - ultimately comes through . And we take those archetypes , exactly as you just said . And we put them in much more morally complex , adult , even criminal situations , and we see what they do .
SHAPIRO : So I 'm imagining a young Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa , the child of a Nicaraguan diplomat , living in Washington , D.C. , reading this pretty lily-white comic book . And you 've now created a show where Josie and the Pussycats are black . There 's an openly gay character . Veronica 's Latina . And yet , at least in the first four episodes that were made available to us , race and diversity are not plot themes .
AGUIRRE-SACASA : You know , I think it 's a little bit more about class , and we definitely play the right and the wrong side of the tracks . We definitely play characters who are affluent and some characters who are really , really struggling . Their parents are struggling financially . They 're struggling financially .
SHAPIRO : Archie just celebrated his 75th birthday last year , and for a while , it seemed like the comics were becoming less and less relevant . Does the fact that Archie was sort of persona non grata for a few decades mean that you were able to do some of these crazy things that you would n't have been able to do if it remained this cherished property sitting on a high mountain that nobody could touch ?
AGUIRRE-SACASA : Well , there definitely had to be people in charge of Archie who were willing to take risks . The other thing that really allows us to take these different takes - the noir crime take of Riverdale - is that the characters , when they were conceived , were so strong . They 're such archetypes that they really can carry - you can throw a lot of stuff at them , and the archetypes hold . There was something - there 's something very flinty about the character , something very steel-like , and I think that 's what allows us to imagine these different scenarios .
SHAPIRO : Well , Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa , thanks so much for talking with us about your new show `` Riverdale . ''
AGUIRRE-SACASA : Thank you so much . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
Who is the boss ? Delhi chief ministers down the years have often pondered the question while facing disagreements with lieutenant governors , but never has the tension spiralled into a confrontation of the magnitude witnessed after the AAP came to power in 2015 .
A series of ugly spats and subsequent showdowns involving the AAP-led government and the lieutenant governor 's office finally landed at the Delhi High Court and later reached the Supreme Court which which today handed a major victory to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal .
In a landmark judgement , the Supreme Court ruled that the LG has no independent power to take decisions and is bound by the elected government 's advice .
At the core of the issue is the national capital 's unique status of a Union Territory that is administered by both the Centre and the government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi .
Kejriwal 's predecessors have had their share of disagreements with the Centre and the office of the LG , but this is at a different level , said old-timers .
Sheila Dikshit , who was the chief minister of Delhi for 15 years , said her government may have had differences with the LG , but there was never any “ tussle ” .
“ When differences came out , after talking to each other we sorted out those differences , ” the Congress leader , who was chief minister from 1998-2013 , told PTI .
She expressed the hope that Delhi would finally witness some developmental work after the apex court verdict .
However , the Centre , many analysts feel , has traditionally had an upper hand in the administration as matters such as land and law and order are under the LG . The Supreme Court clarified today that except for three issues — public order , police and land — the Delhi government has the power to legislate and govern on other issues .
The genesis of the standoff between the AAP government and the Centre is the 2015 notification issued by the Union Home Ministry .
The May 2015 notification superseded the one issued in 1998 , which had made it mandatory for the LG to consult the chief minister , not only on reserved subjects of police , public order and land but also for services .
In the gazette notification issued in 2015 , the Home Ministry changed this , saying the LG will have jurisdiction over matters connected with services , public order , police and land and he may consult the chief minister whenever he thinks necessary in issues of services using his own “ discretion ” .
The AAP , which had been at loggerheads with Lt Governor Anil Baijal over several issues , found itself in a difficult situation as it came to power on the promise of bringing about radical changes , but this was not possible after being hamstrung by the notification .
The AAP government then challenged the notification in the Delhi High Court , which held the validity of the Modi government 's decision in 2016 . The Kejriwal government appealed against the Delhi High Court judgment in the Supreme Court .
Dikshit said she and other chief ministers also had their share of differences with the LG 's office during their tenure but the issues were settled through dialogue and political sagacity , indicating that Kejriwal has been adopting an attitude of confrontation .
The battle to establish ‘ who is the boss ' has often turned ugly as seen with the alleged assault on Chief Secretary Anshu Prakash in February for which two AAP lawmakers were booked .
The current standoff is different because of AAP 's “ firebrand ” approach , but tiffs between the chief minister and the Centre and the LG are not new to Delhi , said former Congress MLA Mukesh Sharma .
It all started with Delhi 's first chief minister Chaudhury Brahm Prakash , who was hand-picked by then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1952 , but the two later fell out . In 1955 , Parkash was forced to resign and Gurumukh Nihal Singh was sworn in as chief minister .
On the basis of the recommendations of the state Reorganisation Commission , Delhi ceased to exist as a state in 1956 . The legislative assembly was abolished in 1956 , after which direct federal control was implemented until it was re-established in 1993 .
After the Assembly was reinstated , the BJP emerged victorious with Madan Lal Khurana becoming chief minister .
Khurana had differences with then LG P K Dave over the Delhi government 's decision to set up a committee to probe the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in the city .
The unease between the two came to the fore on other issues as well with Dave calling a press conference during which he accused the then BJP government of making an announcement related to sales tax without his consent .
After Khurana , BJP 's Sahib Singh Verma and Sushma Swaraj also had brief stints as chief ministers of Delhi .
“ Differences between CMs and LGs had cropped up so many times in two-and-half decades . But they were resolved amicably , ” said Sharma .
Dikshit came to power in 1998 following the Home Ministry notification . She , too , had her share of differences with LGs , including Vijai Kapoor , B L Joshi and Tejender Khanna .
She clashed with Kapoor , an NDA appointee , over several issues such as the delay in clearing the government 's proposal to hike land acquisition compensation to farmers .
Dikshit , later had her way and got the LG 's nod for compensation rates hike for farmers in August 2001 .
She also had differences with Joshi and Khanna over several issues .
The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy prides itself on breaking conventional assumptions and prejudices by exposing its students to diverse perspectives and experiences . When we learned that Fletcher offered only two spring break treks to foreign countries during our first year , we took it upon ourselves to initiate the first-ever Fletcher Pakistan Trek .
Since October 2016 , a group of us worked hard to bring this idea to fruition . Our trek drew nearly 60 applicants , illustrating a strong desire by the Fletcher community to experience Pakistan through first-hand immersion . The arduous tasks of ensuring security , fundraising and organizing logistics did not deter us from our mission : to expose future leaders to a complex country and give them the opportunity to form their own opinions about it .
We strove to abide by all the available rules and guidelines , especially obtaining university travel approval . We were met with immense disappointment when , on Nov. 15 — just five weeks before our scheduled departure to Pakistan — we received a “ Not Approved ” decision . The status came as a total shock because four of the reasons cited were not previously mentioned in the “ Provisional Approval ” we had received just a week prior .
Through this op-ed , we would like to highlight how our experience of working with the Tufts International Travel Review Committee ( ITRC ) — the entity responsible for ensuring “ students are adequately prepared ” to travel to countries on the U.S. State Department Warning List — reveals an administrative process governed by ambiguous rules , perfunctory box-ticking and high subjectivity .
Process Needs Clarity
Firstly , there is a lack of clarity on the rules and expectations to obtain travel approval . We completed separate applications to ITRC and ISOS , the premier security and medical evacuation firm with which Tufts has a contract . It 's odd that two organizations one would expect to be joined at the hip actually do not communicate with one another . Yet , despite the behind-the-scenes bureaucratic intricacies , we responded to every ITRC concern by modifying our itinerary and ensuring we fulfilled both standards .
The use of politics in the committee 's decision-making was also surprising and unexpected . One of the most outrageous reasons we received for the disapproval was decidedly political in nature : “ Administration 's new South Asia strategy of friendliness towards India and harsher dealings with Pakistan. ” We find it difficult to accept that the current administration 's policies — in which we had no say — were used against us to diminish our efforts to launch this initiative .
Whether this was the main reason or not , it was an articulated reason nonetheless . The wording could even be interpreted as a bias against Pakistan and Pakistani students . This is a disturbing implication and has the potential to set a dangerous precedent against other Tufts students wishing to pursue treks in countries discussed in classrooms but rarely understood from alternate perspectives .
Recommendations Should be Sensible
Secondly , beyond the unclear expectations , we are also concerned with the arbitrary nature of the approval process . In a meeting to discuss the Not Approved decision after Thanksgiving break — three weeks before the trek — the committee expressed that ground transportation was their biggest concern . We had changed our original plan of using a public bus to a private van arranged with the help of Fletcher alums at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington D.C. but this proposal was not enough to mitigate risk concerns per ITRC standards .
What ITRC suggested instead was jarring : traveling in armored vehicles throughout our time in Islamabad and Lahore . The only company that could fulfill this request would not only charge us $ 82,000 but also did not have the “ capacity to provide ” enough vehicles for our group . However , after the suggesting this , ITRC concluded that “ a caravan of armored vehicles would most certainly not reflect the recommendation to maintain a low profile . ”
Doomed if we used armored vehicles , and doomed if we did not . This recommendation was ultimately impossible to fulfill — and , quite frankly , ridiculous . Proposing this lose-lose scenario makes us question whether the review process actually exists to serve student interests by providing further resources or sensible recommendations , or to just check off boxes .
Standards Should be Fair
Lastly , while we fully respect the process ' goal of ensuring security , we are concerned by the lack of transparency in standards , decision-making criteria and parties involved with the committee . And while we acknowledge that every country faces unique challenges , the lack of base standards and fairness in risk assessment is concerning . If a regional services officer at the State Department is consulted for one trek , the same standard should apply to all treks undergoing this process . If the review process is accelerated to meet one trek 's timeline , the same courtesy should be extended to all treks .
When we asked about best practices of other previously approved treks , we were informed that those decisions are confidential and made on a case-by-case basis . Adding insult to injury , we were told in an email to “ move forward , rather than looking back on previous decisions. ” The lack of transparency leads us to suspect that standards are not fairly applied across all treks going to places with comparable risks . If the opposite is true , we see no reason for secrecy .
Questioning Authority to Better Our Community
ITRC 's decision was not only met with disappointment by trek leaders , participants , local contacts and the Tufts and Fletcher Pakistani alumni , but also caused our generous funders to withdraw their support . Our experience demonstrates that the trek approval process is like a house of cards , built on a weak foundation and functioning under highly dubious rules and assumptions . In order to recognize it as a legitimate entity that truly works with students to ensure their safety and security , there needs to be an overhaul of the entire process . Simply updating language on the website and on the one-pager provided to Fletcher trek organizers bypass the more critical issues : unfair standards , underlying biases and politicization of the decision-making process .
We call upon the ITRC to be transparent with its process and honest about its judging criteria , and to steer clear of using politics and proposing self-contradictory recommendations . We urge the Fletcher administration to show greater support of their students who are faced with insurmountable demands . Most importantly , we encourage our peers to join us in questioning the injustice of this process and participating in the ongoing dialogue to improve our community .
In the end , the Fletcher Pakistan Trek is an initiative led for students , by students . It is a tremendous loss for The Fletcher School and serves as a cautionary tale to all Tufts students who aspire to lead a group trek to countries that are often studied and discussed at length from Western-centric lenses in university classrooms . Despite mainstream narratives of Pakistan , our peers were eager and excited to learn about the country first hand . That our trek was killed by an opaque bureaucratic process , institutional biases and political reasoning is highly regrettable .
KUALA LUMPUR : Japanese beverage company Suntory said in a media release on Monday ( Aug 14 ) that it has withdrawn `` specific batches '' of Ribena Concentrate products in Malaysia .
In a letter from Suntory to their trade partners on Friday ( Aug 11 ) , Suntory 's regional general manager for Malaysia , Hong Kong and Singapore Lee Hon Tong said : `` We wish to announce that during a routine quality check in our factory , we found one error in our manufacturing process . ''
Suntory did not elaborate or disclose further details of the error in their letter .
However , in a media release issued on Monday , the company explained that a `` preliminary investigation of the manufacturing process has led us to suspect that the product was exposed to air during the bottling process '' .
`` This appears to cause the product in random bottles to potentially deteriorate in quality earlier than the expiry date . ''
The company said it had taken `` a voluntary decision '' to withdraw specific batches of Ribena Concentrate products drinks with specified expiry dates from Aug 12 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Although not every bottle is affected , consumers are advised not to drink the product if it appears unusual , tastes or smells sourish or if they are in doubt of the quality of the product , '' Suntory said in its media release .
It said that consumers who are unsure of the quality of their product could call their customer hotline at 1800 88 6200 for more information .
Ready-to-drink products such as Sparkling Ribena , Pouch Pack , packet drinks and PET bottles and pastilles are not affected .
These are the batches of Ribena brands , with their respective expiry dates , that have been recalled :
In its letter to trade partners , Suntory said it has also temporarily stopped deliveries for all Ribena cordial drinks from its factory in Shah Alam to its distributors and trading partners .
The company added that the safety of consumers is its priority and that it `` constantly monitors and checks all information related to its product in a safe and effective way '' .
`` We guarantee that we will try our very best to resolve this issue and will announce as soon as we can when we are able to continue our manufacturing process and product deliveries , '' Mr Lee added .
Channel NewsAsia has reached out to health authorities in Malaysia and Singapore for comment .
There 's been a hiccup over a WeMakeZines.com . Please read if you were/are a member there .
Hey Zinesters , I messed up … Bad . We had a spammer bulk message most everybody . I went to delete those messages in the database ( the only way ) because I did n't want anyone , lame as the messages were , to fall for the scam . Despite selecting only the scammers messages it deleted all the messages . This did n't seem like a problem because the server makes daily , weekly , and monthly backups .
So I imported what should have been yesterday 's database and was going to merge the messages into the current database . Only the import overwrote the current database and apparently the server had n't made a daily backup since March . While I make multiple backups they all rely on the initial ones the server makes being correct . So EVERYTHING that was is gone .
I 'm pretty destroyed . I 've worked hard on this site for months . I was really proud of what it had become . If you had signed up before you will need to sign up again ( unless you were part of the beta testers ) . I 'm so , so sorry . I 'm rather distraught over this . It 's ultimately my fault for not making sure the backups were good . I apologize to you all and ask for another chance , this will not happen again .
-Darkroomist
Advertisements
Health and wellness advice can be very contradicting at times . For example , we 're told to avoid the sun to reduce our risk of skin cancer , but by doing so , we 're becoming vitamin D deficient . Low vitamin D levels are often associated with cancer , cardiovascular diseases and autoimmune disorders such as multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis .
In an effort to boost our levels , the sales of vitamin D supplements have skyrocketed . However , is popping a pill really the best way to ensure we are maintaining the recommended levels to be healthy ? There must be an easy , more natural way to get the vitamin D we need .
Turns out , in addition to beef 's many health benefits , it is also a great solution to those seeking a boost in vitamin D .
According to Csaba Toth and Zsofia Clemens for Paleo Medicina , `` There is evidence to prove that the vitamin D level greatly depends on nutrition , and that appropriate nutrition alone is able to supply a satisfactory amount of vitamin D to our body even if we miss sunlight and do n't take vitamin D tablets .
A study of the Inuit living in Greenland has found that the more western-type foods , such as fruits , vegetables , breads and pastries , milk and milk products , the local indigenous Inuits ate , the lower the vitamin D level in their blood was . And , conversely , the more traditional Inuit foods like meat and fat they consumed , the higher the vitamin D level was in their blood .
The authors add , `` The reason for continual vitamin D deficiency in civilized human beings lies in their diets . Ever since we were warned against eating animal-based nutriments , our vitamin D levels have constantly been low .
Recommended Stories For You
`` If you want your vitamin D3 level to be balanced , if you want to ensure your child 's well-being and maximally diminish the risk of cancer , autoimmune disease and other diseases of civilization , consider this : Eat red meat daily , and offal at least twice a week . Have animal ( not vegetable ) fats every day . Do n't eat too much fruit and avoid food preparations containing added fructose . ''
Yet , despite the growing evidence that a diet that centers around animal fats and proteins is beneficial to our well-being and overall health , the mainstream rhetoric continues to be that these diets are dangerous and should be avoided .
Gary Taubes and Nina Teicholz recently criticized the popular diet advice of the last 50 years in an op-ed for the Los Angeles Times . Addressing a report released by the U.S. News & World Report that ranked diets , Taubes and Teicholz noted that while the DASH and Mediterranean diets topped the list as the `` best , '' these diets largely ignore the growing evidence that low fat , high carbohydrate diets lead to obesity-related diseases .
Taubes and Teicholz write , `` It 's clear that U.S. News — which employed an expert panel to rate 40 diets on various criteria — merely recapitulated questionable dietary advice that has gone by a succession of names since the 1970s — low-fat , DASH , USDA-style , plant-based . The basic set of recommendations have remained the same , emphasizing plant foods ( grains , cereals , fruits and vegetables ) over animal products ( eggs , regular dairy , meat ) , and vegetable oils over natural animal fats such as butter .
`` According to government data , Americans have largely followed these recommendations over the last 50 years , notably increasing their consumption of grains , vegetables and fruits and eating less whole milk , butter , meat and eggs . The outcome ? In that time , rates of obesity and Type 2 diabetes have skyrocketed . Something has gone terribly wrong .
Why would 25 doctors , dietitians and nutritionists on the U.S. News panel choose a dietary philosophy that has — so far , at least — failed us ? They might be entrenched in their opinions , supported by the industries that benefit from these diets , motivated by non-nutrition agendas such as animal-rights activism , or they might simply have fallen into the easy convenience of groupthink .
Whether it 's boosting your vitamin D levels , fighting cancer , losing weight , reducing your cardiovascular risk , promoting lean muscle mass or boosting brain function , there are infinite benefits to a diet that is centered around meat . Share this great news on social media this week and let 's help spread the word . ❖
0:30 J.Lo and A-Rod live large in the Dominican Republic Actress and singer Jennifer Lopez whisked her new boyfriend , Alex Rodriguez , off on a romantic getaway to the Dominican Republic . The couple stayed at the luxurious Casa de Campo resort , costing $ 10,000 a night , where the celebrity duo known as “ J-Rod ” hosted an afterparty for friends and family .
1:23 George Lucas gets emotional about the late , great Carrie Fisher Star Wars celebrated 40 years at a special event in Orlando , Florida . The star-studded panel included director George Lucas and actors Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill . Lucas opened up about why he cast Carrie Fisher in the original film .
0:37 These celeb moms dumped the dudes and kept the kids Janet Jackson has split from her husband , Wissam Al Mana , mere months after having their first child together . The 50-year-old superstar , however , is n't the only celebrity mom to separate from her baby daddy shortly after giving birth . The list includes reality star Kourtney Kardashian , actress Scarlett Johansson and Gwen Stefani of NBC 's `` The Voice . ''
0:55 Jared Leto lists his hipster pad for just under $ 2 mil Oscar-winning actor Jared Leto is selling his Los Angeles pad for $ 1,999,000 . The two-story Hollywood house , off the Sunset Strip , has four bedrooms , three baths , a swimming pool and a private recording studio . Along with starring in the box office hit “ Suicide Squad , ” Leto fronts the rock band 30 Seconds to Mars .
0:59 Taylor Swift 's former West Village carriage house on sale for $ 24.5 million Taylor Swift 's one-time West Village carriage house hits the market for $ 24.5 million . The century-old townhouse , located off Cornelia Street , has five bedrooms , a fireplace , an indoor pool , an art gallery , and an outdoor patio off the master suite . The recently renovated property is listed through NYC real estate giant The Corcoran Group
0:46 Basketball star Nick Young is selling his L.A. home for $ 3.5 Mil L.A. Lakers player Nick Young has listed his San Fernando Valley home for $ 3.595 million . The 31-year-old basketball star once lived here with Australian rapper Iggy Azalea . The 6,630-square-foot residence has six bedrooms , a poolside fire pit and kitchen , a basketball court , and a guest house .
0:45 Mel B is in a rush to sell her $ 8 million mansion Mel B dropped the price of her Hollywood Hills house from $ 9 million to $ 8 million , after just two weeks on the market . The “ America 's Got Talent ” judge and her estranged husband , Stephen Belafonte , are currently in the midst of an alleged domestic violence scandal . Their 6000-square-foot family home sports four bedrooms , a swimming pool , home theaters , a recording studio and sparkling views of downtown Los Angeles .
0:51 Charlie Hunnam was shamed by Robert Pattinson 's manly beard The cast of `` The Lost City of Z '' took to the red carpet during the premiere , and apparently talked about beards the whole time . Charlie Hunnam and Robert Pattinson compared beard sizes , while Tom Holland broke the mold and talked about bugs .
0:50 Man enlists John Stamos to propose to his girlfriend for him When Doug Cox decided he wanted to marry his girlfriend , he knew she deserved more than just a regular proposal . So he got in touch with John Stamos , who recorded a proposal video , earning Doug both a `` Yes '' and a `` Have mercy . ''
RIYADH : Prominent Emirati activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in jail and fined 1 million AED ( 204,850.13 pounds ) on charges of criticising the United Arab Emirates government on social media , The National newspaper reported late on Wednesday .
A trade and tourism hub , the UAE is an absolute monarchy that tolerates little public criticism of its ruling system and has prosecuted Mansoor and other pro-democracy activists for what it called insulting the country 's leaders .
Advertisement
Mansoor was among five activists convicted of those charges in 2011 amid the “ Arab Spring ” protests calling for reform in other Arab states .
Mansoor , an electrical engineer and poet , was arrested in March 2017 and accused of promoting a sectarian and hate-incited agenda . The court cleared him of terrorist-related charges , according to The National .
Rights groups have called for Mansoor 's release , calling his detention a violation of freedom of expression and opinion .
( Reporting by Stephen Kalin ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
Advertisement
All Times EST TOP 25 BASKETBALL Women
No . 2 Notre Dame at Georgia Tech , 7 p.m .
No . 7 Florida State at NC State , 7 p.m .
No . 8 Louisville at No . 15 Duke , 7 p.m .
No . 11 Miami at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
No . 19 Virginia Tech vs. North Carolina , 7 p.m .
No . 25 Syracuse vs. Virginia , 7 p.m .
BOWL GAMES
Outback Bowl : No . 20 Florida vs. No . 21 Iowa at Tampa , Fla. , 1 p.m .
Cotton Bowl : No . 12 Western Michigan vs. No . 8 Wisconsin at Arlington , Texas , 1 p.m .
Rose Bowl : No . 5 Penn State vs. No . 9 Southern Cal at Pasadena , Calif. , 5 p.m .
Sugar Bowl : No . 7 Oklahoma vs. No . 17 Auburn at New Orleans , 8:30 p.m .
NBA
New Orleans at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Milwaukee , 7 p.m .
Orlando at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Utah at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
Charlotte at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Washington at Houston , 8 p.m .
Denver at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Phoenix at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
NHL
Chicago at St. Louis , 1 p.m .
Boston at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
SERIES
NCIS The murder of a Marine turns out to be connected to an undercover mission Torres ( Wilmer Valderrama ) worked that involved a dirt-bike gang . Mark Harmon , Pauley Perrette , Sean Murray , Jennifer Esposito , Emily Wickersham and David McCallum also star . 8 p.m. CBS
The Middle Axl ( Charlie McDermott ) lets Frankie ( Patricia Heaton ) weigh in as he shops for a suit for business interviews , while Mike ( Neil Flynn ) threatens to get rid of the family 's swimming pool if Sue and Brick ( Eden Sher , Atticus Shaffer ) do n't start using it . 8 p.m. ABC
Brooklyn Nine-Nine Terry 's ( Terry Crews ) ex ( guest star Kimberly Herbert Gregory ) plays a crucial role in evaluating the precinct . Also , Jake and Rosa ( Andy Samberg , Stephanie Beatriz ) meet the star and producer ( guest stars Nathan Fillion and Greg Germann ) of a favorite television show , victimized by an on-set robbery . 8 p.m. Fox
Pretty Little Liars Spencer ( Troian Bellisario ) tries to learn more about her connection to Mary Drake ( Andrea Parker ) , while Aria and Ezra ( Lucy Hale , Ian Harding ) worry about the return of Nicole ( Rebecca Breeds ) as the drama returns for its last 10 episodes . 8 and 10 p.m. Freeform
Bull Isaiah Washington guest stars as an attorney who becomes a defendant , accused of killing his fiancée . Michael Weatherly , Freddy Rodriguez , Geneva Carr and Jaime Lee Kirchner also star . 9 p.m. CBS
Prison Break Sara ( Sarah Wayne Callies ) has more reasons to fear for her safety when T-Bag ( Robert Knepper ) warns her about being tailed by operatives ( guest stars Steve Mouzakis and Marina Benedict ) . Dominic Purcell and Wentworth Miller also star . 9 p.m. Fox
Frontline The new two-hour episode “ Last Days of Solitary ” profiles several inmates , who had been held long-term in solitary confinement , as they leave prison . 9 p.m. KOCE and 10 p.m. KPBS
Famous in Love Bella Thorne stars in this new series as college student Paige Townsen , whose life changes forever after she attends an open casting call for the lead role in a new major movie franchise . Carter Jenkins , Charlie DePew , Georgie Flores , Niki Koss , Pepi Sonuga , Keith Powers and Perrey Reeves also star . 9 p.m. Freeform
NCIS : New Orleans Sheryl Crow performs during this new episode of the procedural drama . Scott Bakula , Lucas Black , Vanessa Ferlito , Shalita Grant and CCH Pounder star and Steven Weber continues in his recurring guest role . 10 p.m. CBS
Trial & Error Josh ( Nicholas D'Agosto ) wraps up the case by putting Larry ( John Lithgow ) on the stand in the first episode of tonight 's two-part season finale . A verdict is announced in the conclusion . Sherri Shepherd , Steven Boyer and Jayma Mays also star . 10 and 10:30 p.m. NBC
Cooper 's Treasure One of NASA 's seven original Gemini astronauts , Gordon “ Gordo ” Cooper , located various shipwrecks from low Earth orbit . In this new series treasure hunter Darrell Miklos tries to decode and follow the map Cooper created . 10 p.m . Discovery
The Americans Paige ( Holly Taylor ) becomes more deeply entwined in the world of her parents ( Keri Russell , Matthew Rhys ) in this new episode of the espionage thriller . 10 p.m. FX
SPECIALS
L.A . Burning : The Riots 25 Years Later This new special features archival footage and interviews chronicling the 1992 Los Angeles riots . 9 p.m. A & E
TALK SHOWS
CBS This Morning Oprah Winfrey and Renée Elise Goldsberry ; Peter Sokolowski ; Jess Lockwood . ( N ) 7 a.m. KCBS
Today Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) ( “ This Is Our Fight ) ” ; Michael Phelps ; Pastor John Gray and Aventer Gray ; Olivia Holt performs . ( N ) 7 a.m. KNBC
KTLA Morning News ( N ) 7 a.m. KTLA
Good Morning America “ Pretty Little Liars ” cast ; “ Dancing With the Stars. ” ( N ) 7 a.m. KABC
Good Day L.A. Kelly Rowland ( “ Whoa Baby ! A Guide for New Moms ” ) ; Hunter Hayes ; Waterkeeper Alliance : Rachael Harris ( “ Lucifer ” ) . ( N ) 7 a.m. KTTV
Live With Kelly Kristin Chenoweth ( “ American Gods ” ) ; Renée Elise Goldsberry ; Jussie Smollett ( “ Empire ” ) . ( N ) 9 a.m. KABC
The View Author Charlamagne Tha God . ( N ) 10 a.m. KABC
The Wendy Williams Show Naturi Naughton ( “ Power ” ) ; prom fashions : Monte Durham ( “ Say Yes to the Dress ” ) . ( N ) 11 a.m. KTTV
The Dr. Oz Show Heroin ; Nancy Grace discusses Casey Anthony . ( N ) 1 p.m. KTTV
The Doctors test health-related products ; broken-heart retreat ; kidnap warnings . ( N ) 2 p.m. KCBS
Steve Harvey Judge Lauren Lake . ( N ) 2 p.m. KNBC
BEIJING : A Chinese rooftopping star fell to his death while performing a stunt last month , local media has reported .
Chinese police confirmed that Wu Yongning fell to his death in November from the 62-storey Huayuan Centre in Hunan , The Beijing News reported on Monday ( Dec 11 ) .
Rooftopping is the practice of accessing rooftops to capture skyline photography or perform stunts . The footage is often live-streamed or posted on social media .
Wu posted his last video to Weibo on Nov 8 , a 30sec clip showing him do pull-ups from the edge of a high-rise building .
Wu Yongning poses atop a skyscraper without any safety equipment . ( Photo : Weibo )
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to The Beijing News , authorities were first alerted to Wu 's fatal accident on Nov 9 by his girlfriend , after Wu failed to return from a stunt the previous day .
When he did not pick up her calls or return her messages , she thought at first that he had been detained by the authorities but he had in fact fallen from the 263m tall building .
Wu was last seen by a window cleaner at the building 's rooftop , the report said . It added that Wu had climbed about 20 storeys to the roof as the lift only services the first 40 floors of the building .
Wu 's family said the 26-year-old had taken part in a rooftopping challenge that promised 100,000 yuan ( US $ 15,000 ) in prize money .
Wu Yongning poses atop a skyscraper . ( Photo : Weibo )
Wu 's step-uncle Feng Shengliang was quoted as saying that he may have risked his life for the prize money .
“ He planned to propose to his girlfriend [ the day after the challenge ] , ” Feng said . “ He needed the money for the wedding , and for medical treatment for his ailing mother . ”
Wu had worked as a film extra before turning to a career in rooftopping . In February , he began posting his daredevil stunts on Weibo , attracting more than a million followers .
He travelled across China , posting 301 videos from the top of buildings up to 483m in height , Beijing News said .
He bought mobile phones and electrical appliances for his parents with the money he earned , the report added .
What options do people have in case institutions are not working properly or not functioning at all in any part of the world ? This can also be applicable to courts , both judicial and peoples ' courts .
Judicial courts are assigned jurisdiction by the constitution itself to decide contentious matters brought before them by litigants , whereas the public court is assigned to decide the political question of a nation , political groups or a community such as elections , nominations , referendums , division or even creation of a new state like Pakistan was once .
In the recent past , certain incidents in India were seen where a group of people assumed the role of a judicial court when they summarily passed and executed a verdict against a Muslim family around Dehli , which was alleged to have slaughtered a cow and used its meat against Hindu principles .
Conversely , on the same land , the Muslims of India passed , perhaps , a wise judgment when the Muslim League under the leadership of Quaid-i-Azam , Muhammad Ali Jinnah , asked the important question of partition of the Subcontinent into two separate independent states – a Hindu state and a Muslim – to the Muslims of India instead of approaching British or Hindu judicial courts .
Muslims decided on independence as they had reached the conclusion that they could not live with other communities by having different , nay conflicting religions and way of life .
Subsequently , the history of Pakistan is full of both positive and negative decisions made by both public and judicial courts .
A segment of the then public court , perhaps , initially welcomed the judgment passed by Justice Muneer in Maulvi Tamiz-ud-Din 's case but widely criticised it in the years to come .
Z A Bhutto 's case has also , perhaps , met the same treatment .
Public courts initially clapped for the martial laws of Ayub , Zia and Musharraf against civilian governments but later vowed to oust them by all means .
There seem to have been some mistakes made at the hands of public , judicial and other institutional courts .
In some cases , the situation was very clear but in others , it remained ‘ a chicken and egg ' situation where it became very hard to decide whether the egg was broken first or the chicken came first .
Considered too backward to make good decisions , the general voter was not allowed to cast his vote directly to elect his representatives to the National or provincial assemblies .
A general voter would elect only his local representatives who in return would elect representatives for the upper assemblies .
But in 1971 , Z A Bhutto conferred the general people the choice of a direct vote to elect their representatives to the upper assemblies through a system of general franchise .
Had the backward voter now attained that level of maturity and quality required for election of a healthy candidate ? Or , had he attained today , that level of quality of choosing a good representative that various organs of state should ultimately refer themselves to the general voter or the public court ?
One school of thought believes that even though an educated segment of public court has attained that quality of vote – it can elect based on sensible choice , but it hardly bothers to come out to participate in national political decisions .
Therefore , the other larger segment which is still not substantially qualified to make a good decision is swayed by political parties to their benefit by way of kinship ties , feudalism , parochialism , ethnicity and for personal motives .
Thus , this school feels that the public court is not actually a healthy court to elect or adjudicate politicians to make decisions , not for themselves but in the interest of their electors .
It believes in necessary interventions at the level of election or even audit and detection of undesired elements .
Another school of thought believes that it is only the people who have to elect , audit or remove their elected representatives based on their performance and that other institutions need not intervene in their affairs .
It regards any such interventions as violation of the sanctity of the vote granted to the public court .
It believes such public courts to be absolutely healthy and the best forum to make the ultimate decision .
It believes that the decision of such public courts should be respected and their representatives allowed to complete their tenures to accomplish their policies and projects , to be ultimately gauged by the public court itself at the time of their re-election or otherwise .
Yet another independent school of thought believes in the principle of checks and balances of various organs of the state – legislature , executive and judiciary – as provided by the constitution and its fair implementation without any whimsical , arbitrary and prejudiced manifestation .
The deposed prime minister raises certain questions .
He terms his deposition as a pre-planned move and relies upon invoking the public court , which according to him provided him the mandate and that can not be snatched by other organs .
He has faith in his projects .
He feels agony of the other prime ministers , deposed or executed in the past , and seems determined to bring about necessary changes in the constitution .
Although , a few prime ministers were deposed in the recent past , the judiciary and the establishment have shown extraordinary restraint in intervening in the continuity of the political system .
In the previous regime of PPP , the judiciary under Iftikhar Ahmed Chaudhry and the army under General Pervaiz Kiyani were ever committed not to derail the political system despite having grave differences with the political leadership .
The Army perhaps , is seen to have decided to keep itself aloof from direct political interventions and resort to professionalism to serve the country within its assigned role .
And for independent circles , it may sound acceptable at length and perhaps , ideal to reconcile the situation in the country where the voter is yet to attain that level of freedom to exercise his right of vote .
That also seems to be a safety valve between martial law and invocation of 58 ( 2 ) b of the constitution which used to warp the whole system in the past .
A constructive opposition is one of the ingredients of true democracy and one of the most effective forms of checks and balances .
The Charter of Democracy may play an effective role by way of unity of thought in the policies beneficial to the people and not the parties concerned with getting united and friendly for themselves and against the interest of the public court in the name of the parliamentary form of government .
It is in the interest of the political parties themselves to not only protect sanctity but also the quality of their voters by equipping them with necessary political health to choose and protect their representatives .
This is where the public court may become the ultimate court .
And this is what Independence Day merits .
The writer is a socio-political analyst .
Jerry Agar , Toronto Sun Apr 17 , 2017
Federal Conservative leadership candidate Dr. Kellie Leitch started a national conversation about Canadian values . What are they ?
Many of my radio listeners insist barbaric practices prevalent in some countries do not happen here .
They insist , for example , that female genital mutilation ( FGM ) does not occur in North America .
But Jumana Nagarwala , a doctor in Detroit , Mich. , is now accused of performing illegal genital mutilation on two seven-year-old girls in February .
Authorities also suspect she may have performed the procedure on “ multiple ” other girls between 2005 and 2007 . The U.S. Department of Justice alleges she “ performed horrifying acts of brutality on the most vulnerable victims . ”
Nagarwala denies the charges , which have yet to be tested in court .
Does female genital mutilation happen in Canada ? The Ontario Human Rights Commission reports , “ because of the nature of FGM , reliable statistics on the incidence of its practice are not available . However , based on discussions with members of the communities that are at risk , there is some evidence to indicate that FGM is practised in Ontario and across Canada . There is also evidence that suggests that in some cases , families from those communities send their daughters out of Canada to have the operation performed . ”
FGM , ritual excision of part or all of the external female genitalia , is an ancient cultural — not religious — practice that occurs around the world today , especially in Africa .
Girls may claim refugee status in Canada to escape FGM , as it is considered a form of child abuse .
In some cases , women in Canada have procedures done later in life , after child birth , that relate to the practice , but it may not be their choice at that time , either .
The most serious form of FGM is infibulation , designed to prevent sexual intercourse .
The Ottawa Citizen reported , “ Dr . Margaret Burnett , an ob/gyn in Winnipeg , says that when women who have been the victim of infibulation have babies , their labia often have to be cut open for the baby to come out .
After , she says , requests for reinfibulation are relatively common . That 's because it 's considered normal for women who come from countries where FGM is widely practised , mainly in Africa and the Middle East .
“ It 's my impression that we do get many requests for this and almost all of them come from the husbands , ” Burnett says . “ They want their wives closed again . ”
Doctors in Britain face legal charges for engaging in reinfibulation .
It 's also likely it happens in Canada . Again , from the Ottawa Citizen , “ Dr . Beverley Chalmers , adjunct professor in the department of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Ottawa , believes that caregivers in Canada should not be permitted to perform any form of genital mutilation that is not clinically necessary .
“ ‘ To hide behind ‘ cultural accommodation ' to permit the practice of FGM , or any other practice that is unquestionably harmful , is a craven distortion of political correctness … ( and ) is simply moral cowardice , ' she says . ”
In a U.S. State Department video , Renee Bergstrom , an American survivor of genital cutting said , “ When we think of female genital mutilation , we usually think of African cultures and non-Christian religions , however , my FGM took place in white , Midwest America . ”
We ca n't let political correctness and naivete overcome doing what is right .
FGM is not a Canadian value . We have a right to screen would-be citizens to make sure it is n't one of their values .
Agar hosts the 9 a.m. to noon show on Newstalk1010
GELSENKIRCHEN , Germany : The pitheads around Gelsenkirchen bear testimony to the heavy industry linking the region to local Bundesliga club Schalke 04 , nicknamed 'The Miners ' , where Manuel Neuer started his impressive career .
The west German city 's famous son was voted the world 's best goalkeeper for four years running from 2013-16 and was Germany 's `` Mr Safe Hands '' at the 2014 World Cup with a string of superb performances .
Advertisement
As a result , Neuer finished third in the voting for the 2014 Ballon d'Or behind superstars Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo , who won the title .
Sidelined by a foot fracture since September , Neuer is set to play his first full match in Saturday 's friendly international against Austria in Klagenfurt .
Germany fans hope their goalkeeper and captain will prove he is ready to face Mexico in Moscow on Jun 17 in their first World Cup match - none more so than one of his first coaches at Schalke .
`` He did n't become a world-class goalkeeper for nothing . I hope he comes back better than ever , '' Norbert Elgert , 61 , told AFP at Schalke 's youth academy .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Neuer was born in Gelsenkirchen in March 1986 .
He still has strong ties to the city having opened the youth club MANUS in 2014 for disadvantaged children , which is supported by the Manuel Neuer Kids Foundation .
Neuer started out in Schalke 's academy - dubbed `` The Miners ' Forge '' .
`` POSITIVELY OBSESSED ''
After making his senior Bundesliga debut in August 2006 , Neuer won the 2009 European Under-21 Championship in the same junior Germany team as future World Cup winners Mesut Ozil and Benedikt Hoewedes , also products of Schalke 's youth academy .
Neuer joined Schalke as a small boy in 1991 and wept when he announced in April 2011 , after 203 appearances for the Royal Blues , that he was leaving to join present club Bayern Munich .
The move was the springboard to winning every title available for club and country , including both the Champions League and Club World Cup in 2013 .
In Neuer 's 298 appearances for Bavaria , more than half have been clean sheets .
German coach Norbert Elgert , in charge of the Under-19 team at the Schalke 's youth academy , poses at the footbal club 's training grounds on Oct 2 , 2017 in Gelsenkirchen . ( Photo : AFP )
He has made 74 appearances for Germany and let in just four goals in seven matches at the 2014 World Cup , keeping a clean sheet in the 1-0 win against Argentina in the final .
However , there were few early signs of the huge career - or imposing height at 1.93m - that Neuer was to reach .
`` I 've known him since he was 10 or 12 years old . At that point he was n't fixed on being a goalkeeper , '' explained Elgert , a former Schalke midfielder .
`` At that point , he was relatively short , there was no way of knowing he would grow so tall .
`` However , the one thing he had was that he was positively obsessed with football , even though he was n't considering a professional career at the time .
`` He could have been a pro as an outfield player , but what made him exceptional was his overall talent , his joy of life and of playing .
`` For Manuel , it 's irrelevant whether he 's playing with millions watching at home on television or with 100,000 in the stadium .
`` He 'd happily play with no one watching . ''
`` WELCOME HOME ''
Neuer is renowned for rock-solid confidence , quick reactions and an imposing presence in the box , which makes opposing strikers think twice .
Elgert recalls how Neuer reacted to stiff competition in Schalke 's academy .
`` His real ambition did n't emerge until he was in the Under-19s , '' said Elgert .
`` He was not first-choice , an older goalkeeper was ahead of him , who was in age-group national team .
`` I told Manu : 'With your talent , you can decide for yourself when you will get in the team ' . ''
Sure enough , after a series of convincing performances , `` Manuel quickly became our first-choice and the national goalkeeper for his age-group '' .
It has been seven years since Neuer left Schalke , yet he is far from forgotten in Gelsenkirchen and Elgert admits the announcement of his departure was a sad day .
`` Of course it hurt , the boy grew up here in the academy , '' said Elgert .
`` He 's now 100 per cent Bavaria . For sure , he loves his current club and blossoms with it , but he 'll always remain ' a Schalker ' .
`` The boys who leave us always have a bit of Schalke in them .
`` It 's something beautiful and is why when they come back here we should always say 'welcome home ' . ''
SHERIDAN — Another large , captive audience packed the Sheridan College Thorne-Rider Campus Center Thursday evening to show unity and celebrate the college 's first Native American Day .
The event was coordinated by the newly formed Sheridan College Native American Club , and featured Native American food , speakers and celebration .
The club formed in part due to two recent incidents targeting Native American students . Last Wednesday , a racial slur was written on the dry-erase board on the door of freshmen Whispers SunRhodes and Braylee Armajo . The college hosted a forum in support of the students Sept. 28 that also had a significant turnout .
Monday morning , Armajo discovered a threatening message written on the board that was directed at her . The Sheridan College Police Department and Sheridan Police Department are currently investigating the two incidents on campus .
After Monday 's events , Armajo co-founded the club with five other Native American students : Shawntay Alden , Teanna Braine , Madisan Chavez , Tyra Limpy and Aubrey Meiwald . They all wore shirts at the event Thursday that said , “ Native Lives Matter . ”
Armajo said she wanted to organize an event this week to have a quick response and show the positive aspects of diversity and Native American culture .
The six students coordinated Native American Day , bringing in guest speakers and food donations in only a few days .
About 150 people attended , and many Native Americans traveled long distances to show support . Several different Native American tribes were represented , including Crow , Arapaho , Northern Cheyenne and Chippewa Cree .
Native American Day began with a dinner that included soup and Indian tacos . Most of the food was donated or prepared by Native Americans .
After dinner , many people addressed the audience , including five Native American guest speakers .
Leroy Not Afraid , the Crow Tribal Court chief judge and Armajo 's uncle , began with remarks on the importance of unity and diversity on campus .
Sheridan College criminal justice program director Jonni Joyce then spoke for a few minutes , saying how impressive it was that acts of bigotry could lead to such a large communal gathering . Joyce will serve as the Native American Club 's faculty advisor , and said the six students deserved a lot of credit for organizing a large event on short notice .
Each club co-founder briefly introduced themselves . Armajo thanked the attendees for their support of Native American equality .
“ We are all one people , ” she said .
AJ Not Afraid , the Crow Tribal chairman , said it was appropriate that the gathering was held at an educational institution , because education is the most important thing a Native American can gain . Like most of the speakers , he emphasized unity .
Arapaho councilman Normal Willow , who is SunRhodes ' uncle , also talked about the importance of education while Dell Drew Old Horn , Armajo 's uncle and the older brother of Leroy Not Afraid , discussed the persecution and disenfranchisement of Native Americans throughout history . He also emphasized the importance of continuing to fight and make progress .
“ Ignorance has never prevailed , ” he said . “ Ignorance has always been , at its base , something that does not grow . ”
The final part of the evening featured a dance celebration . Several Native American men played drums , and about 20 Native Americans , most dressed in traditional attire , danced and sang .
Armajo said the turnout was more than she expected , and that the goal of providing Native American awareness on campus was achieved , at least for one night . Going forward , Armajo said the Native American Club will continue spreading awareness by organizing other events and fundraisers , and hopefully having another Sheridan College Native American Day next year .
Friday , March 9 saw Grant Elementary School celebrate the opening of their new “ Kinder Garden ” created by the 15 fifth grade Girl Scouts of Troop 1285 for their Bronze Award project . The Bronze Award is the highest honor a Girl Scout Junior can achieve .
Support for the project came from the Grant PTA garden committee , sales of Girl Scout cookies , and a generous in-kind donation of soil , plants , and garden supplies from Orchard Supply Hardware 's Neighbors Helping Neighbors program .
“ We wanted to help children and the environment , ” shared one scout . The scouts cleared a neglected area on the kindergarten yard , built four raised beds ( one for each classroom ) , made custom concrete stepping stones , and painted animal decorations to make the garden fun and inviting to the young students . Through this garden project , the scouts learned about project management , teamwork , permaculture , wood working and philanthropy . As a result of their efforts , 100 kindergartners each year will be able to learn science right outside of their classrooms and have regular daily access to fresh vegetables .
ADVERTISEMENT
When the Girl Scouts reached out to Orchard Supply Hardware 's West LA Local Store Leader Brian Peacock for support to complete the project , he was eager to help .
“ At Orchard Supply Hardware , our business philosophy is simple – we are , and always will be , neighbors helping neighbors – and neighbors helping communities , ” Peacock said . “ We take pride in being active members of the neighborhoods in which we work and live…with a special focus on community gardens , schools , and other causes that directly impact children . ”
Members of the OSH team joined the scouts and Principal Dr. Jezelle Fullwood for the ceremony and will continue to help the scouts complete the planting with the kindergarten classes .
“ It 's wonderful to see young women and girls serving our community and our school , ” Fullwood said . “ This project is especially important as we celebrate Women 's History Month and is a reflection of the dedication and hard work that they show each day . ”
Bill Belichick has made a career of finding players yearning for a second chance . After disappointing stints with the Eagles , Browns , Colts and Ravens , a former fifth-round pick out of Pittsburgh has settled in New England , the land of redemption .
Running back Dion Lewis is one of Belichick 's greatest finds yet .
This current Patriots team features fascinating backstories ranging from Malcolm Butler 's trek back and forth from a junior college to working at Popeye 's to James Develin 's journey through Arena Football . Not to mention Julian Edelman 's transition from college quarterback to a successful pro wide receiver . But it 's Lewis , a player who was out of the NFL for 985 days in the middle of his career , that 's left one of the biggest marks on the Patriots ' recent almost-dynasty .
“ I 've learned here ( New England ) what it takes to become a champion , ” Lewis told reporters on Super Bowl Media Day . “ These guys have given me a chance when nobody gave me a chance and I 'm grateful of that . ”
Since Dion Lewis signed a reserve/future contract on the last day of 2014 , # Patriots are 32-3 ( .914 ) with him in the lineup and 13-7 ( .650 ) when he 's unavailable . — Chris Wesseling ( @ ChrisWesseling ) January 23 , 2018
Perhaps Belichick gave Lewis a chance because he exhibits many of the characteristics of Kevin Faulk , the longtime Patriots running back who donned the same No . 33 jersey . He 's effective both running and catching the ball ( although he 's a much better runner than Faulk ) , and his ball carrying instincts and quickness are an instrumental cog in the Patriots ' well-oiled offensive machine .
Great example here by # Patriots RB Dion Lewis of avoiding the negative play when the defense had the perfect call . Not a highlight , but a 3rd down table-setter to keep the offense on track . # TheLittleThings # PatriotsNation # NotDone pic.twitter.com/HVIsWCn87e — Matt Chatham ( @ chatham58 ) January 16 , 2018
Lewis proved valuable to the Patriots immediately . After a surprise start against the Steelers to open up 2015 , Lewis immediately took advantage of the opportunity and was perhaps one of the main reasons the Patriots got off to a 10-0 start .
However , Lewis and others went down with injuries later that season , a year in which the Patriots finished 3-5 down the stretch with a loss in Denver for the AFC Title Game .
The Patriots , of course , won Super Bowl LI last season after Lewis returned from his torn ACL , but he only really contributed on special teams . Lewis was the best player in the Patriots ' 34-16 AFC Divisional win over the Texans , scoring a rushing , receiving and kick return touchdown .
But other than that , Lewis was n't very effective and was n't used often because the Patriots were easing him back into the lineup after the major knee injury .
After beginning 2017 as the fourth running back on the depth chart behind Mike Gillislee , James White and Rex Burkhead , Lewis earned his way back to the top of that ladder , and he 's been even better than before .
Top 5 rushing leaders the last 8 games of the NFL season … 1 . Dion Lewis , Patriots — 625
Marshawn Lynch , Raiders — 625
3 . Todd Gurley , Rams — 619
4 . Latavius Murray , Vikings — 593
5 . LeSean McCoy , Bills — 592 — Mitch Milani ( @ MitchMilani ) January 12 , 2018
Lost in the shuffle with running backs such as Le'Veon Bell , Todd Gurley , Kareem Hunt and Alvin Kamara in 2017 , Lewis has been just as good since the season 's midway point .
Looked at as a scatback-type player who only runs to the outside and catches passes , Lewis has exhibited his power running skills through off-tackle runs .
Even during a lukewarm AFC Championship Game performance in which the Patriots had to pass for much of the game late , Lewis iced a third-and-9 run through the left side of the offensive line for a first down to seal it . It was the type of run that a big bell cow back would be called up for , but Lewis ' heart and playmaking skills make him just that — the Patriots ' feature back .
Lewis ' ability to do everything as a running back not only creates mismatches against a defense but allows the Patriots to go to a no-huddle , hurry-up offense with the ability to switch from different formations and play types .
Dion Lewis on what he remembers from his time in Philadelphia : `` Not playing '' pic.twitter.com/Th4m57jWjr — NBC Sports Boston ( @ NBCSBoston ) January 30 , 2018
Against a fast Eagles defense , and franchise that cut him earlier in his career , Lewis surely has the motivation to play well in the biggest game of his career . He 's pushed through a lot , but he 's more worried about winning on Sunday .
“ It 's been a tough road , ” Lewis said . “ It all paid off . Hopefully , after Sunday I can look back and truly appreciate what I 've been through . ”
Judging by the Patriots ' 32-3 record with him in the lineup , Tom Brady 's sixth Super Bowl ring may just depend on it . So look for a big game from the little guy with a big heart and the skills to match on Sunday .
Did a mob of misfits with no sex lives inspire accused Toronto van attacker Alek Minassian to unleash carnage on Yonge Street ?
The longtime Seneca College student — described as an awkward , asocial computer whiz — was a self-described “ incel , ” or involuntary celibate , according to a Facebook profile , which the social media site has since taken down .
The 25-year-old seemed to be obsessed with misogynistic martyr Elliot Rodger .
In a Facebook posting from the day of the massacre , Minassian refers to the rebellion of ‘ incels . '
He wrote : “ The Incel Rebellion has already begun ! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys ! ”
Chad refers to men who are sexually active .
Minassian added : “ All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger ! ”
Rodger was a 22-year-old California student whom women found wanting . At the University of California in 2014 , he slaughtered six people before fatally shooting himself .
During the terrifying shooting spree , he uploaded a video he called Elliot Rodger 's Retribution .
In it , the social misfit boasted he was going to punish women for rejecting him . He also wanted to punish the men who were having regular sex .
“ I 'm 22 years old and I 'm still a virgin . I 've never even kissed a girl , ” Rodger sneered in his manifesto .
“ College is the time when everyone experiences those things such as sex and fun and pleasure . But in those years I 've had to rot in loneliness . It 's not fair , ” he said .
“ You girls have never been attracted to me . I do n't know why you girls are n't attracted to me . But I will punish you all for it . ”
Rodger vowed to punish women who spurned his crude advances .
He added : “ I 'm going to enter the hottest sorority house of UCSB and I will slaughter every single spoilt , stuck-up , blonde s * * * that I see inside there . All those girls that I 've desired so much , they would 've all rejected me and looked down on me as an inferior man if I ever made a sexual advance towards them .
“ I 'll take great pleasure in slaughtering all of you . You will finally see that I am , in truth , the superior one . ”
A spokesman with the Department of National Defence says Minassian was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces from Aug. 23 , 2017 until Oct. 25 .
“ He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training , ” Jessica Lamirande said Tuesday .
A LinkedIn page for Minassian lists him as a student at Seneca College from 2011 to this year .
Reddit banned a 40,000-member incel community for troubled posts soaked in violence , hatred of women and that even encouraged rape .
Other twisted men share the sentiments of Rodger .
One wrote on an incel form : “ For 99 % of human history , females did not choose their sexual partners . If they were LUCKY , they would be given to worthy men in arranged marriages . If they were UNLUCKY , they would be seized as spoils of war and end up as sex slaves . ”
— With files from Canadian Press
TOKYO : U.S. Vice President Mike Pence reassured Japan of American commitment to reining in North Korea 's nuclear and missile ambitions on Tuesday , after warning that U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the strength of its resolve .
Pence arrived in Tokyo from South Korea , where he assured leaders of an `` iron-clad '' alliance with the United States in the face of the reclusive North , which has conducted a series of missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions .
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy Japan , South Korea and the United States and it showed no let-up in its belligerence after a failed missile test on Sunday , a day after putting on a huge display of missiles in Pyongyang .
`` The era of strategic patience is over and while all options are on the table , President ( Donald ) Trump is determined to work closely with Japan , with South Korea , with all our allies in the region and with China to achieve a peaceable resolution and the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula '' Pence said in Tokyo before lunch with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .
`` We appreciate the challenging time in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocation across the Sea of Japan . We are with you 100 percent , '' he said .
Pence and Abe agreed that they needed to persuade China to play a larger role in dealing with North Korea , a Japanese government spokesman said .
North Korea 's deputy representative to the United Nations , Kim In Ryong , accused the United States on Monday of creating `` a situation where nuclear war could break out an any time '' and said the North 's next nuclear test would take place `` at a time and at a place where our headquarters deems necessary '' .
North Korea 's Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC that missiles would be tested on `` a weekly , monthly and yearly basis '' .
South Korea 's acting president , Hwang Kyo-ahn , told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that South Korea would strengthen its alliance with the United States and closely cooperate with China to rein in North Korea .
`` We should stay on our toes to protect our territory and people 's lives , '' Hwang said .
The North has warned of a nuclear strike against the United States if provoked . It has said it has developed a missile that can strike the mainland United States , but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering the necessary technology , including miniaturising a nuclear warhead .
TOUGHER SANCTIONS
Pence said on Monday the world had seen Trump 's resolve in the past two weeks , with a U.S. missile attack on a Syrian airfield and the dropping of a powerful non-nuclear bomb on Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan .
`` North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region , '' Pence said .
The Trump administration has said military action remains an option for dealing with North Korea .
But , mindful that this would likely trigger massive retaliation and casualties in South Korea and Japan , U.S. officials say the Trump administration 's main focus is on tougher economic sanctions .
Trump , asked on Monday if he was considering military action , told Fox News Channel he did not want to `` telegraph '' his plans , like the previous administration had done .
U.S. officials say tougher sanctions could include an oil embargo , a global ban on North Korea 's airline , intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang . They also say greater Chinese cooperation is vital .
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said China had taken some `` very helpful '' steps , although it remained to be seen how effective these would be .
Susan Thornton , acting U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asia , said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and China 's top diplomat , State Councillor Yang Jiechi , agreed in a phone call on Sunday on the need for strict enforcement of U.N. resolutions and for international action to press Pyongyang `` to cease provocative actions and recommit to peaceful denuclearisation '' .
Thornton said any new North Korean nuclear test `` would draw a pretty significant international response '' .
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi repeated China 's line that the crisis could only be resolved by diplomacy .
`` I 've seen that the United States has reiterated it is willing to use political and diplomatic means to resolve this , as this is their first choice , '' he told reporters in Beijing .
`` Of course I think that any country will feel that political diplomatic means are of course the first choice , '' Wang said .
Pence 's economic discussions in Tokyo will be closely watched to see how hard a line Washington is prepared to take on trade . Trump campaigned on an `` America first '' platform , and has vowed to narrow big trade deficits with nations such as China and Japan .
However , Trump has also shown willingness to link trade to other issues , saying he would cut a better trade deal with China if it exerts influence on North Korea .
China banned imports of North Korean coal , its most important export , in February , and Chinese media have raised the possibility of restricting oil shipments to the North .
Impoverished North Korea and the rich , democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-1953 conflict ended in a truce , not a peace treaty . South Korea hosts 28,500 U.S. troops to counter the threat from the North .
( Additional reporting by Sue-Lin Wong in PYONGYANG , Jack Kim , Ju-min Park and James Pearson in SEOUL , Daniel Trotta in NEW YORK , Ben Blanchard in BEIJING ; Writing by Nick Macfie ; Editing by Paul Tait , Robert Birsel )
MUMBAI : Indian cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar on Monday praised popular singer Sunidhi Chauhan and called her one of the finest singers in the country .
Last week , Sunidhi praised Sachin 's upcoming film 'Sachin : A Billion Dreams ' and posted on Twitter : `` Now I would be able to say I know sir Sachin a little . Been waiting to hear your story from you . ''
In reply , Sachin took to the micro-blogging site on Monday and wrote : `` Many thanks Sunidhi Chauhan . Hope you like the film . One of India 's finest singing talents . Keep singing , keep shining . ''
'Sachin : A Billion Dreams ' , a docu-feature , has been directed by London-based writer-filmmaker James Erskine .
The film will capture the phenomenal rise of Tendulkar . It will have aspects of his life which have never been seen before . Some old footage of Tendulkar playing cricket , some landmark events would be woven into the movie , which aims to tell the ace cricketer 's journey from childhood till now .
The film will release on May 26 .
( Source ; IANS )
Numerous queries regarding animal health ensured staff at the Zoetis stand were kept busy during the Winter Fair . Veterinary consultant , Aurelie Moralis reports that the main topics were calf rearing , mastitis and fertility .
She said : “ Farmers want to realise the opportunities for increasing profit margins through improved heifer rearing . The average cost to rear a replacement heifer is in the region of £2,000 per heifer . In a 100 cow herd with a 30 % replacement rate and a yield of 7,500 litres per cow this equates to a cost of 6 pence per litre . There is a significant range in rearing costs with the top 25 % CAFRE benchmarkers achieving an average rearing cost of £1,500 per head . The Northern Ireland average for calving heifers is 33 months so there is room for a marked improvement . ”
Aurelie Moralis , Zoetis with Tom Taylor , Ballyclare and Tommy and Sam Newell , Kilkeel on the Zoetis stand at the Winter Fair . Photograph : Columba O'Hare
Aurelie added : “ The top farms focus closely on all aspects of the heifer rearing enterprise such as careful management of calves from birth through to weaning to reduce disease risks . Calves can be vaccinated against the two key respiratory viruses from nine days of age with Rispoval® IntraNasal which will protect them for 12 weeks against BRSv and Pi3v , ensuring calves are covered through the critical pre-weaning period when poor respiratory health can impact growth rates , age at first calving and subsequent milk yields .
“ UK research has shown that high calf growth rates from 0-9 months of age , leading to excellent fertility of maiden heifers and calving at 21-23 months resulted in survival rates of 80 % from first calving to five years of age , and a total milk production of 24,000 litres over five years from birth . Heifers calving at 30 months as a result of poor calf growth rates and fertility ended up with an average milk production of 8,000 litres over five years and a survival rate of only 30 % . ”
Mastitis prevention and industry aims to reduce the use of antibiotics in animals prompted a number of queries on teat sealants . Aurelie states that for mastitis prevention during the dry period the use of a teat sealant on all cows is recommended . An internal teat sealant imitates the cow 's natural keratin plug preventing mastitis-causing bacteria from entering the teat during the entire dry period . The teat sealant , OrbeSeal® has been tested for use with or without an antibiotic and is licensed for use on its own in uninfected animals . Farmers have relied on OrbeSeal® for more than 10 years to prevent mastitis infections and OrbeSeal® consistently achieves at least 35 % reduction in clinical mastitis incidence .
For teat sealants to be fully effective an important aspect is the hygiene on the farm and in particular the hygienic procedure required when inserting a teat sealant . There are detailed instructions for this procedure which farmers were keen to discuss at the Winter Fair .
Aurelie emphasised : “ Saving one case of clinical mastitis justifies the cost of the sealant . ”
High yielding cows which do not always display signs of heat combined with busy workloads give farmers little opportunity to AI cows at the best possible time . While heat detection aids are being used with some success , breeding protocols are becoming more popular in cattle fertility improvement programmes .
Breeding protocols can be used from the start of the voluntary waiting period ( generally 42 days ) or can be used after a period of natural heat detection possibly in combination with heat detection aids ( eg start using protocols in cows not seen in heat 80 days after calving ) .
Going one step further , control of the oestrus cycle by a breeding protocol synchronises the cow 's ovulation and heat and can eliminate the need for heat detection . Aurelie states that farmers are interested in breeding protocols but are often not familiar with all of the various combinations and situations in which they can be used . Breeding protocols including the hormones GnRH , PGF2 and progesterone can be used in both cycling and non-cycling cows and heifers in combination with heat detection or fixed time AI . This can help farmers achieve a 100 % submission rate , resulting in an increased pregnancy rate , tighter calving pattern and better productivity .
Dairy farmers should consult their vet regarding the use of hormones such as GnRH ( e.g.Acegon® ) , PGF2 ( eg Prellim® ) and progesterone ( CIDR® ) .
Media watchdog Reporters without Borders expressed alarm on Wednesday about India , with seven journalists killed in the past 18 months and a sharp rise in online abuse and harassment . `` In 2017 , the deaths of at least three journalists killed in connection with their work were recorded and a fourth case is still under investigation . In 2018 , four journalists were killed in the country in the first six months , '' RSF said . `` In addition , there has been a sharp increase in online abuse and harassment , and in the self-censorship which looms over the environment in which journalists carry out their work in 'the world 's the largest democracy ' . `` RSF issued an `` Incident Report '' , an alert to warn about the deterioration of press freedom , the first time the organisation has done so for any country.It also warned India that it risked falling even further down its World Press Freedom Index from its current place of 138th out of 180.The latest murder of a journalist was that of Shujaat Bukhari , editor of an English language daily in the disputed region of Kashmir , gunned down outside the paper 's office on June 14.More than 40 journalists have been killed in India since 1992 , according to the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists .
A group of concerned residents are camping out at the proposed Paradise development at Thundering Waters to protest the $ 1.5 billion project they say could destroy a rich ecosystem .
`` Niagara region has already lost more than 90 per cent of its wetlands and forests to development , '' said organizer Owen Bjorgan . `` Why are we messing around with the remaining ten ? ''
The group , which set up camp along a trail on Dorchester Road near the Chippawa Parkway on Sunday night , want the province to acquire the private land to prevent it from present and future development .
GR ( CAN ) Investment Co. Ltd. bought 484 acres of property west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club two years ago , and is planning a mixture of residential , commercial , retail and entertainment uses as part of a development known as Paradise .
The development has been bogged down by provincially significant wetlands that cover about half of the property
`` The issue here is complicated as to what 's going to happen to this land because there are many stakeholders , which we can all appreciate and empathize with , '' Bjorgan said .
`` The investors got the green light prematurely to throw money down on this property . Now some of the investors , and local politicians , are back peddling to an extent because the local people and science have raised concerns over the economic significance of this property . ''
Biodiversity offsetting was suggested as a way to deal with the issue , which would see the wetlands moved , or recreated somewhere else .
Bjorgan said that idea simply wo n't work .
`` Developing around significantly wetlands is n't necessarily protecting them , '' he said . `` That 's kind of misleading in the sense that you end up boxing in species of plants and animals that make this property as biodiverse as it is . There will be species inbreeding , the ecosystem will run out of resources and the water quality becomes contaminated . ''
Several people were at the camp site Monday afternoon .
`` We encourage people to stop by and ask questions , '' Bjorgan said , adding the group plans to occupy the site for the next six days . `` We 're off to a good start and I hope it snowballs . ''
A Niagara Regional Police spokesperson said late Monday afternoon they were aware of the protest but “ have no involvement at this point . ”
Niagara Falls Mayor Jim Diodati was also aware of the occupation .
“ I 'm really not to sure what I can say about protesters illegally trespassing on private property , ” he said .
Rebel fighters shot down a Russian plane over Syria 's northwest Idlib province on Saturday and captured its pilot , a monitor said .
“ Rebel factions shot down a Sukhoi 25 . The Russian pilot came down in a parachute , before being captured , ” said Rami Abdel Rahman , head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights .
He could not immediately confirm which faction had downed the plane but hardline opposition groups and the jihadist Hayat Tahrir al-Sham ( HTS ) are active in Idlib .
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack .
Syrian troops launched a fierce offensive on Idlib in late December , with backing by Russian warplanes .
“ There have been dozens of Russian air strikes in the area over the past 24 hours . This plane was also carrying out raids there , ” said Abdel Rahman .
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past , but downing Russian warplanes is much rarer .
In August 2016 , a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed .
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015 .
Two months later , Turkey shot down a Russian warplane , leading to the worst crisis in ties between the two countries since the end of the Cold War .
Bhubaneswar : Safety and security of women is the top priority of the State Government . Rape cases are being considered as Red Flag cases and special lawyers will be appointed , Parliamentary Affairs minister Bikram Keshari Arukh on behalf of the Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik informed Assembly today .
Apart from this , police have been directed to take immediate action on these complaints , the minister said adding the accused in three rape cases in Cuttack , two in Kendrapara and one in Soro have been arrested .
Conviction rate in rape cases has increased to 16.90 % in 2017 , the minister said .
Earlier in the day , Opposition leader , Narasingha Mishra had questioned on safety and security arrangements for people on court premises .
Government chief whip Amar Prasad Satpathy said that the government will take concrete steps to ensure security within court premises .
“ The European Union expresses its sincere condolences to the family , friends and colleagues of journalist Arkady Babchenko , who was killed at his home in Kyiv on 29 May ” - the External Action Service reacted in a statement of a spokesperson .
EU expresses its sincere condolences to the family , friends and colleagues of Arkady Babchenko . Each time that a voice of freedom is violently silenced , it risks weakening our societies and undermining our democracies # pressfreedom https : //t.co/h1Nd8y5MlY — Maja Kocijančič ( @ MajaEUspox ) May 30 , 2018
“ Mr Babchenko was a respected war correspondent , who left his native Russia in 2017 following threats to his life in relation to his journalistic work there . Each time that a voice of freedom is violently silenced , it risks weakening our societies and undermining our democracies . The best way to honour Mr Babchenko ‘ s memory and his work , and to firmly counter any attempt to endanger our shared fundamental rights is through a swift and transparent investigation that brings those responsible for this crime to justice . ”
“ The European Union stands in solidarity with journalists and will continue to work to protect them and their work , which is vital to all democracies , within and beyond our borders . ”
The assassination evoked a wave of condamnation from behalf of the leading European international institutions as Council of Europe , Thorbjorn Jagland requested full and rapid investigation , pointing at danger the attack on free speech represents to democracy .
We strongly condemn the murder of journalist Arkady Babchenko in Kyiv . It must be fully and rapidly investigated . Attacks on journalists and free speech are on the rise in Europe . We must do all we can to stop this trend , which is a dangerous threat to democracy — Thorbjørn Jagland ( @ TJagland ) May 30 , 2018
The assassination of a dissident Russian journalist , who lived and worked in Ukraine since 2017 , took place next to his apartment , where he was shot three times in his back . There Ukrainian police said the hideous act may have been tied to his reporting .
Babchenko , 41 , died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital , a government official said .
JUST IN : Kremlin calls on international community to pressure Ukraine to make the country safe for journalism . Calls allegations by Ukraine that it murdered Russian journalist Babchenko the 'height of cynicism ' . https : //t.co/2T79MiO51x pic.twitter.com/DVgJJhey81 — Reuters Top News ( @ Reuters ) May 30 , 2018
Russian authorities vehemently reject accusations made ahead of the investigation .
# Lukashevich : We strongly condemn continued persecution of and violence against media workers in # Ukraine . Today a Russian journalist Arkadiy Babchenko was killed in # Kiev . To be a reporter in # Ukraine is extremely dangerous pic.twitter.com/df1pTudnUx — Russian Mission OSCE ( @ RF_OSCE ) May 29 , 2018
AMENDMENT ( ! ) 30/05/3028 17:45
“ The reported killing of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko on Tuesday in Kiev was actually a ruse played by the Ukrainian law enforcement to prevent a planned hit , the Ukrainian authorities said .
Reporting on the high profile case on Wednesday , the head of the SBU , Ukraine 's national security service , Sergey Gritsak said Babchenko was alive and unhurt ” . Russian journalist Babchenko turns up alive after reported murder https : //t.co/ugS1gmi0YI pic.twitter.com/5Fe338bJmB — Reuters Top News ( @ Reuters ) May 30 , 2018
NEW DELHI : A train has struck and killed five elephants as they crossed over tracks at a tea plantation in northeast India , an official said Monday ( Dec 11 ) .
The elephants , including a pregnant female , were part of a larger herd wandering through the plantation early Sunday in Assam state , home to India 's biggest wild elephant population , when they were mowed down by the train .
`` All five elephants died on the spot . A stillborn calf was later removed from the pregnant female , '' said Vikas Brahma , head of Assam 's forest department .
Brahma told AFP it was uncommon for elephants to move through that section of Assam , a thickly-forested state famed for its tea and wildlife , and officials were unaware there were herds in the area .
Railway authorities have been issuing alerts about elephant herds passing through the state to prevent accidents .
But a railway spokesman told the Indian Express newspaper that no speed restrictions were in place at the time of the accident on Sunday , as the area was not a designated migratory path for elephants .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Deforestation and construction activity near their habitats force elephants to stray further afield for food , often bringing them into conflict with humans .
Many busy migratory routes , known as elephant corridors , have been cut by roads and railway lines in Assam and neighbouring West Bengal state , increasing the risk of accidental deaths , poaching and stampedes .
Assam has 5,620 elephants according to a 2011 census , more than any other state in India .
An estimated 60 elephants have died so far this year in Assam , Brahma said .
Many of the deaths were caused by electrocution , as farmers erect electrified fences around their fields to keep wild animals away .
Elsewhere , an elephant killed a trainer during a procession at a Hindu temple in the southern state of Kerala on Sunday .
The elephant ran amok amid a large group of devotees , trampling and killing the trainer , the Press Trust of India reported .
Gary Lee Wild , 68 , died Friday , Feb. 10 , 2017 , at Barnes-Jewish Hospital .
Private burial will be at Lakeview Memorial Gardens in Belleville .
Gent Funeral Home is handling arrangements .
Though I love the four-inch form factor , I 've always been a bit disappointed in how Apple treats the SE . It lacks the flagship advanced technology that we love in even the bottom tier ( `` bottom tier '' being above the SE ) iPhone . Its guts and hardware are years old , technologically . Even when it was only a year old , I had already noticed a slowdown in performance .
A note on betas
Though I am giving my first-hand experience running iOS 12 on an iPhone SE , it 's important to keep in mind that it is still in its beta stages .
Things may , and likely will , change before iOS 12 officially launches this fall .
These performance improvements may change ( though they will probably only get better ) , so what I say now is n't necessarily reflective of what you 'll see in the Gold Master release .
The test
Even though I 've moved onto the iPhone X , I still keep my SE around because I love the size . This year , I decided to turn it into a beta testing device and installed the public beta of iOS 12 .
The performance improvement was immediately noticeable .
When Apple unveiled iOS 12 at WWDC 2018 , it noted that one of the major new features coming this fall is performance improvements . The latest software update is supposed to make app launching up to 40 % faster , the keyboard to appear up to 50 % faster , and the camera to launch up to 70 % faster .
`` Cool , '' I thought , but did n't really consider it after that .
Not until I started testing iOS 12 on my iPhone SE . Having switched to the iPhone X , the SE really felt like a dinosaur before . I did n't even like using it very much because everything took so much time to load .
It 's not magic
With iOS 12 , it feels like the SE is brand new , with a brand-new processor chip and extra RAM , even though it 's the same exact iPhone I got three years ago .
We like to say things like , `` It works like magic , '' but really it 's not magic at all . The development team at Apple worked very hard to make these significant improvements to iOS performance .
iMore Editor-at-Large Rene Ritchie explains in detail how Apple managed this feat with faster processor ramp-ups , improved scrolling , and fetching data in the background .
Most importantly , Apple made changes to how our devices react to memory requests . In iOS 12 , an app will 64 , 32 , or even 8-bits , depending on what the request calls for . This significantly lowers how often large memory demands are active .
These under-the-hood improvements are not so under-the-hood . It 's like dropping a Hemi into a classic Impala . You notice it .
What 's old is new again
There 's no mistaking that iOS 12 's performance enhancements help older devices . It 's the little things that I noticed first .
When I launch an app , it loads much faster , even third-party apps . Trello is a perfect example . I basically hate using it , but it 's the companywide program for tracking what we write about every day . In iOS 11 , on my iPhone X , it takes a very long time to load and often freezes for nearly a minute before working at all .
Trello on my iPhone SE loads in seconds and , though it still freezes up on occasion , it gets back on track much faster .
Many other apps load at the exact same speed on my iPhone SE running the iOS 12 beta as they do on my iPhone X running iOS 11.4 when they 've been opened before . They still load faster on iPhone X when I 'm launching an app that was previously closed in multitasking , but it 's definitely faster than before .
The Camera app loads at the exact same speed as it does on my iPhone X in iOS 11 . Whether I 'm tapping in from the app , loading from Control Center , or swiping left from the Lock screen . There is no hesitation .
You have no idea how good it feels to see my iPhone SE working as fast and smooth as an iPhone X. I 'm so proud of the little guy .
My iPhone SE finally feels like a pro
People with newer devices are n't as likely to notice the performance improvements . Your iPhone is already speedy ! These changes are going to really feel good to iPhone owners that have n't upgraded in a couple of years . I noticed it as soon as I started using my iPhone SE with the iOS 12 public beta 1 .
If you 're still holding on to the four-inch form factor and your favorite mobile device is the iPhone SE . You do n't have to wish so hard for the second-generation version now . With iOS 12 , your iPhone SE is going to feel new again , which will make you much happier as you wait for the rumored SE 2 .
Remember : iOS 12 is still in beta . The performance improvements I talk about here may not necessarily be the same when the software update launches to the public this fall .
Have you tried it ?
Are you running the beta of iOS 12 on an iPhone SE ? Have you noticed the performance improvements ? Tell me about your experience in the comments section .
Prices of food items have increased in the last one month in Kaduna metropolis , a check by the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) reveals .
A check at the Central Market , Kaduna , on Friday , revealed that rice , beans , millet , maize , wheat and soya beans were the most affected , while the prices of semovita and spaghetti are stable .
A 100kg of local rice sells at N45 , 000 as against N40 , 000 a month ago , and a 50kg of foreign rice has increased from between N13 , 000 and N14 , 000 to N15 , 000 .
Similarly , a 100kg of red beans has increased from N30 , 000 a month ago to N35 , 000 , while the same quantity of white beans now sells for N38 , 000 as against N35 , 000 .
A 100kg of maize also increased from N9 , 000 to N10 , 000 , while 25litres of vegetable oil that sold for N11 , 600 , weeks ago now sells at N12 , 000 .
A measure of millet goes for N200 as against N180 ; wheat costs N400 per measure as against N350 and garri costs N250 presently as against N180 a month ago .
However , a measure of sugar have gone down from N750 to between N580and N600 ; same goes for a measure of flour which now costs N350 as against N400 .
The price of 25 liters of palm oil also dropped from N11 , 200 to N10 , 500 .
Alhaji Shuaibu Rufa ' i , a food stuff dealer at Bakin Dogo Market , attributed the rise in prices of food items to the lingering fuel scarcity in the country .
Rufai told NAN that the current fuel scarcity has pushed transportation cost high , thereby forcing traders to equally increase prices of food items to avoid running at a loss .
“ Transportation fare has increased following the lingering fuel scarcity , which invariably led to increase of prices of food items by farmers who transport them to the market and the dealers .
“ The central idea of any business is profit , and to remain in business , one must ensure that return on investment is above cost price , ” he said .
Malam Bala Adamu , a consumer , decried the increase in the prices of food items , saying that the development has continued to impact negatively on the lives of the poor .
“ I bought a 50kg of rice last months at N14 , 500 and now it has increased to N15 , 000 . People are suffering , with the poor struggling to have just a meal a day , ” he lamented .
James Emmanuel , a Kaduna resident , called on government to urgently solve the problem of fuel scarcity so as to reduce the suffering of the poor masses .
The main purpose of Thailand News is to offer our readers all news from the best and most trusted newspapers in Thailand in one place .
Peruvian police searched Tuesday for two men over the lynching of a Canadian suspected of killing an elderly shaman in the Amazon , judicial sources said Tuesday .
Judge David Panduro ordered the men 's arrest for the “ alleged offense of aggravated homicide ” after police discovered the body of Sebastian Paul Woodroffe , 42 , in the Ucayali region of northeastern Peru .
Grisly footage of his death at the hands of a mob had been widely circulated on social media over the weekend .
In the video , a man is seen making aggressive attempts to put a black rope around the neck of another man slumped in a puddle with blood on his face , who tries , unsuccessfully , to fight him off .
“ Please , no ! ” he mumbles in Spanish , as someone can be heard saying : “ You asked for it . ”
Prosecutors confirmed Woodroffe 's death was linked to the murder of Olivia Arevalo , an 81-year-old healer , rights activist and respected leader within the indigenous Shipibo-Konibo community who was shot dead on April 19 .
According to a local rights group , a man with a foreign accent went to her home and when she opened the door , he opened fire at short range before fleeing on a motorcycle .
Police immediately launched a search for the main suspect , whom they identified as a Canadian national , finding his body buried nearby on Saturday .
– Ayahuasca dispute ? –
Judicial officials named the two suspects wanted for his murder as Jose Ramirez and Nicolas Mori , both members of the same indigenous community as Arevalo .
Within the Shipibo-Konibo community , Arevalo was a healer widely revered for her knowledge of traditional medicine who was believed to have special powers .
Woodroffe had been living in the area for about two years and had acquired 20 hectares ( 50 acres ) of land there , Peruvian media said .
Police investigating her murder are reportedly pursuing two theories , one of which involved Woodroffe killing the shaman because she refused to let him participate in an ayahuasca ceremony .
Ayahuasca is a powerful hallucinogenic concoction from the Amazon consumed as part of a shamanic ritual .
The other theory is that he killed her over a debt , local media said , without giving any further information .
There are some 31,000 ethnic Shipibo-Konibo people living in Peru 's Amazon jungle region .
This is not the first such murder .
In September 2014 , four leaders of the indigenous Ashaninka people were killed in the Ucayali region that borders Brazil after illegal loggers and drug traffickers had threatened them .
Follow Jeff Add to circle
An engine is a fairly stout piece of machinery . It has to be strong , seeing as it 's a container for the explosions that occur constantly when your car is running . It 's those explosions that create the power to move your vehicle . Fluids run through your engine to help keep the explosions happening efficiently , too , and they must be contained as well . So it 's no surprise that an engine would put up a fight if you tried to cut it in half .
The YouTube channel `` What 's Inside '' got a hold of an inline 4-cylinder engine and did what it does best : set out to cut it in half . More 600 million views show that people are interested in seeing things cut open to examine the internals . An engine is perfect for such a channel , but cleaving it in twain is n't an easy task .
That is , unless you have friends with access to industrial saws and presses .
The first four minutes of the video above are essentially a commercial for Mobil 1 Annual Protection motor oil . Skip that part to get to the good stuff . That 's when the saws and presses come into play .
The engine puts up a hearty fight , as the stronger material used for the pistons chews up three saw blades . Once the engine is almost entirely cut in half , the team has to resort to wedging it farther apart using a heavy press . Finally , there 's a bit of tubing holding it all together . Once that is cut , the whole gives way to two halves .
You get a good view of the cross-section of the combustion chamber , and you see that the crankshaft has been cut right in half as well . These guys do n't know a lot about the internals of an engine , but we get to see a cool cutaway view and the path that oil takes when poured in from the top .
It 's sad to see an engine go to waste , but at least they did it with a 4-cylinder and not a V-8 .
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube .
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) — Ohio 's higher education leaders want the state to give its public universities more money in the next budget .
The Blade reports ( http : //bit.ly/2hRGQus ) the Inter-University Council of Ohio , which represents the state 's public universities , seeks a 4.5 percent increase in the basic state subsidy for each of the next two years .
The group has also asked for a 10 percent total bump in funding for needy Ohio students and wants universities to have the option to raise tuition this school year .
The state expects to provide nearly $ 2 billion in instructional subsidies this year . The subsidy grew by 4 percent this year and 4.7 percent the year before .
State officials say they 're expecting the upcoming budget will be “ tight. ” They say “ major ” program expansions are unlikely due to lower-than-projected state revenues .
___
Information from : The Blade , http : //www.toledoblade.com/
I distinctly remember watching Toy Story 3 back in 2010 and thinking ‘ can animation get any better than this ? ' .
In fact the art of animation , as seen in Coco , has moved on to incredible heights to the extent that just about any story must be feasible by those highly talented people at Pixar - there does n't seem to be anything holding them back .
In fact , when the plot of Coco moves into the Land of the Dead there is so much detail that you need to hit the freeze frame button in order to do it justice and take it all in .
And the skeletons , that apparently proved a tough ask to recreate , are excellent .
As with most Pixar movies , Coco is aimed at the family as a whole .
There are no clever in-jokes that only the adults will pick up on ( as in Aardman films ) but there 's also no shying away from emotion in case it upsets the youngsters .
The story revolves around young Miguel ( Anthony Gonzalez ) and his shoe-making family in a Mexican village .
Although he loves music it 's banned in his home due to his great great grandfather walking out to pursue a musical career , never to be seen again .
One day Miguel accidentally ends up in the Land of the Dead and has to track down his ancestor to get back home .
For me the film really only gets going when Miguel mixes with the skeletons .
There 's a very basic but important message within the film that the family unit is vital and Pixar seems big on promoting such lessons in their movies .
It 's no surprise that Coco is up for an Oscar in the animated feature category .
And while this is very entertaining , perhaps it 's time now for Pixar to really push the boat out and try something totally different in tone .
Film details : Coco ( PG ) 105mins
Director : Lee Unkrich , Adrian Molina ( co-director )
Starring : ( voices of ) Anthony Gonzalez , Gael García Bernal , Benjamin Bratt
Screening courtesy of Horsham Capitol
By Stanley Nkwocha , Abuja
Thousands of Pensioners besieged the Oke-awo verifiacation centre in Ado Ekiti , Ekiti State , where the Pension Transition Arrangement Directorate , PTAD , is conducting it 's verification exercise for pensioners in the State .
PTAD is currently conducting the exercise in the Southwest region and have mapped out Osun , Ekiti and Ondo States in this batch which commenced yesterday and will run through Friday this week .
The exercise which is being monitored by LEADERSHIP went on without hitches as many pensioners praised PTAD for the initiative , saying it was what was needed to bring challenges associated with pension adminstration to an end .
The process which has several sections including documentation , reviews and verification , data capture/biometrics , digitization and quality assurance went on smoothly as many pensioners remained calm and happy while they underwent the screenings .
While some pensioners faced challenges which centered mostly on documentations on their part , other pensioners were however keen and expressed satisfaction with the efforts of PTAD in computeriing their data as they were seen handy with the several documents requiredof them .
Executive Secretary of PTAD , Sharon Ikeazor who is personally monitoring the exercise in the Southwest had expressed PTAD 's resolve to have an enduring and reliable data bank for pensioners , noting that it remained a major turning point in tackling the huge challenge of pension administration in Nigeria .
A retired soldier who spoke to LEADERSHIP but opted not to be mentioned commended the exercise , saying “ it has been smooth , splendid and largely successful ” .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not .
The Democratic National Committee 's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump .
While hailing the nation 's founding ideal of equality for all , DNC chairman Tom Perez said in the statement , `` we recognize that America 's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families . ''
Adding that `` everywhere we look , our most fundamental values are under attack , '' Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs , health care , immigration , injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community , a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions , and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy .
`` Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border , '' Perez said . `` At our highest court , workers ' rights are being taken away , voting rights are under assault , Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith , and women 's right to choose is under threat like never before . ''
While he did not cite Trump by name , Perez 's list deals with White House policies .
Perez closed by saying , `` as we celebrate our nation 's independence , Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone . ''
The Republicans , in control of the White House and Congress , issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July .
`` As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence , we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776 , '' said Ronna McDaniel , chairwoman of the Republican National Committee . `` We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties . ''
McDaniel pledged `` to uphold America 's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights : life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness for all . ''
Here is the Democratic statement in full :
“ Nearly two and a half centuries ago , a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘ all men are created equal . ' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment . Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union . “ As we celebrate our nation 's independence , we recognize that America 's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families . Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need . Too many women , LGBTQ Americans , people of color , and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society . “ Everywhere we look , our most fundamental values are under attack . Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border . At our highest court , workers ' rights are being taken away , voting rights are under assault , Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith , and women 's right to choose is under threat like never before . “ The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are , where they come from , who they love , or how they pray . As we celebrate our nation 's independence , Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone . ''
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The ghost of Justice Antonin Scalia often hangs over the Supreme Court , perhaps never more so than as the justices struggle with the case of the Christian baker who refused to make a wedding cake for a same-sex marriage .
Scalia often spoke of his strong Catholic faith . But he also believed the courts should not grant religious exemptions to the laws that everyone must follow .
A person 's right to religious freedom does not “ excuse him from compliance with an otherwise valid law , ” Scalia wrote in 1990 for a 5-4 majority that included then-new Justice Anthony M. Kennedy . The “ political process , ” not courts , should decide such questions , he said . Although some religious claims may fail , he wrote , “ that unavoidable consequence of democratic government must be preferred to a system in which each conscience is a law unto itself . ”
Scalia 's words and views are revered , especially on the right , but his 1990 opinion looms uncomfortably over the court these days as conservative Christians seek a religious exemption from anti-discrimination laws adopted in liberal states .
Jack Phillips , the owner of Masterpiece Cakeshop near Denver , went to court seeking an exemption from a Colorado civil rights law that requires public businesses to serve all customers . The federal Civil Rights Act forbids discrimination based on race , gender , religion and nationality but not sexual orientation . Only 20 states have joined Colorado in extending anti-discrimination protection to gays and lesbians . No state in the South has adopted such a law .
Phillips says he believes that the Bible restricts marriage to a man and a woman and that it would be sinful for him to help celebrate the marriage of two men by making them a custom wedding cake .
But in his long legal battle , his lawyers have been obliged to argue his case as mostly about the freedom of speech and “ expressive conduct. ” They described him as a “ cake artist , ” rather like a painter or a sculptor . This would be so even if he were making a plain white cake with no words or symbols , they argued .
During Tuesday 's argument , the liberal justices said that claim sounds both farfetched and without limits . If a cake maker is engaged in expressive conduct , why not a dress designer , a hairstylist , a chef , an architect or a makeup artist ? they asked . The examples were endless . “ We would cause chaos ” and “ undermine every civil rights law ” if the court buys that argument , Justice Stephen G. Breyer said .
When the state 's lawyer rose to defend the law , the argument shifted abruptly , and the court 's conservatives , led by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. , focused on religion .
Roberts asked about the Catholic Legal Services : If it offers free legal help , could it be required to help arrange a same-sex marriage ? Alito wondered whether Colorado could “ compel a religious college to provide married student housing for a married same-sex couple. ” By their questions and comments , the court 's conservatives made clear they believe it is wrong for the government to force a believer to violate his religious conscience .
Before Scalia 's 1990 opinion , the high court often granted religious exemptions based on the 1st Amendment protection for the “ free exercise ” of religion . The justices had long said the government can and must accommodate believers when possible . Most cases involved minority sects . For example , the court said the Amish may not be forced to send their children to high school , and a Seventh-day Adventist may not be penalized for refusing to work on Saturday .
In the most famous case , the court during World War II said the children of Jehovah 's Witnesses may not be forced to salute and pledge their allegiance to the American flag . If the court rules for the Colorado baker , its opinion will probably rely on that case , West Virginia vs. Barnette , because it involved both freedom of expression and freedom of religion .
Since the 1990s , however , when Scalia was skeptical of religious exemptions , the ideological sides have shifted . Then , the court 's three staunch liberals — Justices William Brennan , Thurgood Marshall and Harry Blackmun — dissented from the ruling in Employment Division vs. Smith , calling Scalia 's opinion a “ wholesale overturning of settled law ” for protecting religious freedom . The case before the court arose when two Native Americans were fired for having used peyote during a religious ceremony . State officials said peyote was classified as an illegal drug , and the liberal justices said it could be viewed like communal wine in church .
These days , by contrast , conservatives including President Trump see “ religious liberty ” as being under constant threat , and they have called for more legal protection for Christians who object to government policies . The administration joined in support of the Colorado baker . And now , it is the liberals who worry whether people can invoke their personal religious beliefs as grounds for voiding a civil rights law that regulates a public business .
Despite the shift in political thinking , Scalia 's opinion stills stands , and it has shaped the law on religious freedom . Congress tried to overturn the ruling in the Religious Freedom Restoration Act in 1993 . Adopted on a nearly unanimous vote , it said the “ government shall not substantially burden a person 's exercise of religion . ”
But the court , with Kennedy and Scalia again in the lead , struck back in 1997 and ruled the religious freedom law may not be enforced against states and cities . In a case called City of Boerne vs. Flores , they said Congress did not have the power to expand the “ free exercise of religion ” and apply it to the states .
The federal law remained on the books , however , and resurfaced when conservatives sued to challenge the Obama administration 's Affordable Care Act rule requiring employers to provide a full range of contraceptives as part of their health coverage . In Burwell vs. Hobby Lobby Stores , the court ruled in 2014 the owners of the chain of crafts stores were entitled to a religious freedom exemption from the contraceptive rule based on the 1993 federal law . The 5-4 vote found Kennedy and Scalia in the majority .
In recent years , as same-sex marriages became legal , lawyers for the Alliance Defending Freedom went to court seeking exemptions for some Christian conservatives . They sued on behalf of a wedding photographer in New Mexico , a florist in Washington and the baker in Colorado . But they could not simply argue for a religious exemption under the 1st Amendment or under federal law because they were blocked by the pair of Scalia 's rulings from the 1990s .
The Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal from the wedding photographer in 2014 . But in June , two months after Justice Neil M. Gorsuch filled the seat left vacant by Scalia , the court agreed to hear the baker 's case .
The Finnish government is proposing that a total of 16.3 million euros – a budget sufficient for a total of 40,615 electric bicycles – be earmarked for the incentive programme between 1 July , 2018 , and 31 December , 2021 .
Finns buying an electric bicycle could soon be entitled to a 400-euro incentive , reveals the Ministry of Transport and Communications .
The incentive could also be claimed retrospectively for new electric bicycles purchased no earlier than on 1 April , 2018 , according to a press release from the Ministry of Transport and Communications .
It would be granted by the Finnish Transport Safety Agency ( Trafi ) .
The purchase incentive is one of several measures proposed in an action plan for the promotion of walking and cycling that is scheduled for publication on Friday , 23 March . The government has adopted a nationwide objective of increasing the share of journeys undertaken on foot or by bicycle by 30 per cent by 2030 .
The Ministry of Transport and Communications calls in its press release attention to studies indicating that electric cycling tends to lengthen journeys made by bicycle and reduce the number of journeys made by car .
The proposal was rejected as idiotic by Juhana Brotherus , the chief economist at the Mortgage Society of Finland ( Hypo ) .
“ I 'm a cycling enthusiast myself , but the use of common sense is advised . Let 's rather try getting rid of ineffective subsidies [ such as ] corporate , agricultural and electric vehicle subsidies , ” he wrote on Twitter on Monday .
“ The subsidies for car purchases are an expensive way to reach the objective . Let 's not make the same mistake with electric bicycles , ” he reasoned .
Brotherus pointed out that the proposed incentive for electric bicycles is unusually large in light of the fact that electric bicycles are ultimately consumer products . The incentive , he warned , will also throw the otherwise market-based bicycle trade into a state of confusion and lead to a sharp decline in regular bicycle sales .
“ The government 's proposal for an incentive for electric bicycle purchases is worse that I could 've imagined . As electric bicycles are available for less than 400 euros , everyone should grab a free bicycle – the government is paying . Lovely , after the cuts in education , ” he exclaimed .
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo : Vesa Moilanen – Lehtikuva
Source : Uusi Suomi
Two of the deceased were promised salary of Rs 35,000-40,000 per month in Iraq
Santosh Kumar ( 29 ) and Vidhya Bhushan ( 35 ) Tiwari left for Mosul from Sahasraon village in Bihar 's Siwan district in 2011 .
They were both matriculates and decided to give up studying and look for labour jobs in West Asia .
Santosh 's brother Pappu Kumar shared that the two zeroed in on Iraq together because the opportunity was lucrative and an agent from Uttar Pradesh convinced them that violence had lessened .
Both the two were also promised around Rs 35,000-40,000 per month .
Vidhya Bhushan Tiwari 's uncle Purshottam Tiwari shared that his nephew had worked in a steel plant in Bokaro . The two were working as pipe-fitters in industrial pockets in Mosul .
In 2014 , the two were held hostage . Pappu Kumar shared that the families met Sushma Swaraj last year and she had told them that 39 Indians had been held hostage . The families had been hoping this year would bring them some relief .
( In the photo : Santosh Kumar )
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) — You can meet Buffalo 's mayoral candidates this week during a public informational meeting .
It 's happening Tuesday from 12:30-2:30 p.m. at the Northwest Buffalo Community Center .
The candidates will face incumbent Mayor Byron Brown , who is seeking his fourth term .
Washington : White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders on Tuesday sparred with reporters over errors made by media outlets in recent stories on President Donald Trump as she suggested news organisations to hold `` certain level of responsibility in the process . ''
Sanders , in particular , had fiery exchange with CNN 's Jim Acosta who said that journalists make `` honest mistake '' and that does not make them `` fake news . ''
`` There 's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people , something that happens regularly , '' Sanders told reporters at her daily news conference .
`` You ca n't say that it 's an honest mistake when you 're purposely putting out information that you know to be false , or when you 're taking information that has n't been validated , that has n't been offered any credibility and that has been continually denied by a number of people , including people with direct knowledge of an instance , '' she asserted .
Sanders said she was speaking about the number of reports that have taken place over the last couple of weeks .
`` I 'm simply stating that there should be a certain level of responsibility in that process , '' she said .
The White House Press Secretary was asked to cite a specific story that she say is intentionally false , that was intentionally put out there to mislead the American people .
`` Sure , the ABC report by Brian Ross . I think that was pretty misleading to the American people and I think that it 's very telling that that individual had to be suspended because of that reporting . I think that shows that the network took it seriously and recognised that it was a problem , '' Sanders responded .
When Playboy 's White House correspondent Brian Karem tried to interject , he was shut down .
`` I 'm not finished , '' she said .
Acosta wanted to ask more questions on the same issue , but Sarah moved on to other reporters in the room .
On Friday , CNN reported that Trump 's son , Donald Trump Jr , had received access to hacked Democratic emails from WikiLeaks more than a week before they were leaked to the public .
CNN later corrected its story to say that someone who was not affiliated with WikiLeaks had emailed Trump Jr to notify him that WikiLeaks had already published the hacked emails online .
K-EARTH 101 's Totally 80 's Live is back at the Honda Center on January 26th with a totally awesome line-up that will make you want to break out the neon !
Listen all weekend for your chance to win free tickets to K-EARTH 101 's Totally 80 's Live with Boy George , Adam Ant , and The Bangles !
Also featuring Violent Femmes , Salt N ' Pepa , The Romantics , Tone Loc , A Flock of Seagulls , Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five , Dramarama , Sugar Hill Gang and Nick Heyward of Haircut 100 !
Just be the right caller at 1-800-232-KRTH when you hear the cue to call and score a pair of tickets to the show !
Tickets are available at ticketmaster.com or keep listening for your next chance to win !
Brought to you by FKOA and Bobby Dee Presents .
The holiday season can be tough , but you know what helps ? Putting a little pep ( or tackiness ) in your step with some festive hats , sweaters , jewelry , and more — but what if this year , they had a techy-tacky-twist ? Here are your best options out there for best gaudy holiday tech wear ! 1 . GET LIT
With this handmade LED Christmas sweater for around $ 60 ! 2 . Fa la la la laaaa la la light uppppp
Deck the halls with touques with LED lights in them for $ 10 ( ... does n't quite have the same ring to it , huh ? ) 3 . What says `` holiday season pleasin ' '' more than a light up fur vest ?
Lookin ' fly as a fox while you sport that Apple Watch ( LOOK , MA ! I 'M A RAPPER ! And this blinged-out Apple Watch band will cost you around $ 64 ) 5 . Look ! Up in the sky ! Is it a bird ? A plane ?
No matter how drunk you get at the Christmas party , your $ 210 handmade shoes are still blingin ' more than Becky 's in accounting . 7 . Forget Elf on the Shelf ...
BLING IT UP UP BLING IT UP UP YOU 'RE SO GAUUUUDDDDYYYYY ( to the tune of 'My Sons know what you did in the Dark ) . Oh , and this band 'll cost you around $ 63 . 9 . You ca n't celebrate the holiday season without LED jewelry !
Slap a few dangling presents on and this $ 80 masterpiece is good to go carolling . 11 . LET IT SNOW LET IT GLOW LET IT SNOWWWW
Because you will be with this $ 69 LED dress with it 's massive white , totally-not-tacky tutu ! 14 . Get a little bit classy with this ornate LED necklace for that fancy-ass family party you want to be extra extra for .
LONDON : England striker Danny Welbeck says he has emerged mentally stronger after a knee injury ruled him out of the 2016 European Championships and the 27-year-old is keen to make an impact in next month 's World Cup in Russia .
Welbeck was sidelined for eight months after undergoing surgery for the knee problem but the Arsenal forward has since forced his way back into England manager Gareth Southgate 's plans .
Advertisement
`` Missing out on the last tournament with injury was frustrating for me , '' Welbeck told British media .
`` If you get a big injury , it is not easy at all to deal with it . It 's a lonely period when you 're not out on the pitch helping your teammates and doing what you love doing .
`` You can develop mentally when you 're away from the pitch . You can take all that frustration , pain and hurt from not playing and try and use that as a way of helping you and reminding you of what you are missing out on . ''
Welbeck has 15 international goals in 37 matches , the most for any player in the squad bound for Russia and three more than first choice striker Harry Kane , and will look to add to his tally when England takes on Nigeria in a friendly on Saturday ( Jun 2 ) .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` I have n't pointed that out to the manager , he knows all the ins and outs but that is something I want to build on , '' Welbeck added ahead of the match at Wembley . `` I have had a lot of success on the international stage and I want that to continue . ''
England open their World Cup campaign with a Group G encounter against Tunisia in Volgograd on Jun 18 , before taking on Panama in Nizhny Novgorod on Jun 24 and finally Belgium in Kaliningrad four days later .
MONTREAL : Worldwide passenger air traffic grew again last year , albeit at a slightly slower pace , led by the dynamic growth of low-cost air carriers , the International Civil Aviation Organisation reported on Monday ( Jan 2 ) .
A total of 3.7 billion passengers were transported by the world 's airlines last year , a six per cent increase from 2015 . That was just under the previous year 's 7.1 per cent rise , the United Nations agency said .
Growth was most pronounced in the Middle East ( 11.2 per cent ) , Asia ( 8 per cent ) , Latin America ( 6.5 per cent ) and Africa ( 5.7 per cent ) , while it was slower in Europe ( 4.3 per cent ) and North America ( 3.5 per cent ) .
`` Over half of the world 's tourists who travel across international borders each year were transported by air , '' the Montreal-based agency noted in a statement .
Low-cost carriers accounted for 28 per cent of all passenger air traffic . Passing a milestone , they transported more than one billion passengers for the first time .
In Europe , low-cost carriers transported nearly a third of all passengers , slightly more than the 31 percent in Asia or North America 's 25 per cent .
`` The increasing presence of low-cost carriers notably in emerging economies contributed to the overall growth of passenger traffic , '' the ICAO said .
As for scheduled domestic flights , North America accounted for 43 per cent of the total , up 4.3 per cent from the previous year , while domestic traffic in Asia was up 10 per cent , largely due to growth in India and China .
Increased traffic and significantly lower fuel costs helped boost airlines ' operating profits , which the ICAO put at US $ 60 billion for last year , some US $ 2 billion more than in 2015 .
`` More than a third of the profits are expected to come from the carriers of North America , whose domestic market represents 66 per cent of their total operations , '' the agency reported .
