A vandalism spree that damaged dozens of vehicles in Schenectady and Halfmoon began , one of the suspects allegedly told police , when a Northside drug dealer ran out of heroin .
Garrett Disarno and Clarence “ C.J. ” Hagadorn Jr. were in Schenectady shortly after midnight early Wednesday morning so Hagadorn could buy the drug , the two allegedly told police .
Hagadorn 's first attempt to buy the drug , however , came up empty , according to a statement Disarno gave to police .
“ His dealer did n't have any heroin , so C.J . got mad and started shooting cars with their BB gun , ” the statement reads .
Over the next three hours or so , the two drove around Schenectady shooting at cars , police say . By the time their tour was done , they 'd damaged more than 100 cars in the city , authorities say .
By the time the two were caught late Wednesday night in Halfmoon , their 24-hour vandalism spree had claimed additional vehicle windows in two Halfmoon trailer parks , police said .
Disarno , 22 , of Berne , and Hagadorn , 23 , of Mechanicville , were each charged Thursday in Saratoga County with four counts of felony criminal mischief . More charges were expected to be filed there .
Schenectady police said Thursday that they are preparing “ numerous ” charges of their own against the pair .
Left in the wake of both sprees were angry and dismayed car owners , shattered windows and piles of glass shards .
At the D & R trailer park in Halfmoon on Thursday , numerous vehicles had plastic over shattered windows , and others were sitting uncovered , their interiors exposed to the elements . There were also piles of glass where cars had been parked when the BBs hit them .
The two suspects were arraigned in Clifton Park Town Court Thursday morning and ordered held in lieu of $ 2,500 .
The suspects spoke with Saratoga County sheriff 's investigators about the Halfmoon vandalism and Schenectady police detectives about the Schenectady spree . Two statements police said the suspects provided were filed in Halfmoon Town Court on Thursday . The statements generally parallel each other — both say Hagadorn was purchasing and using heroin and that Disarno was driving . Both admitted to shooting out car windows .
“ We started on Van Vranken Ave and while we were driving we started shooting at cars , ” Hagadorn 's statement to Schenectady detectives reads . “ I could hear some of the windows breaking . ”
Hagadorn also added about himself , “ I was nodding in and out . ”
Disarno 's statements are the more detailed of the two . While they told police that the Schenectady shooting started because Hagadorn 's dealer was out of heroin , they said it continued even after Hagadorn found a dealer with heroin , purchased it and injected it into himself .
By the time the two got to the Halfmoon trailer parks — Halfmoon Heights and D & R — late Wednesday night , Hagadorn 's mood had changed , the statements indicate . ( Both men misidentified Halfmoon Heights as Turf Trailer Park in their statements . )
“ C.J . told me that we would have fun doing this , ” Disarno allegedly told deputies , “ because shooting cars in Turf and D & R would start a war between the two trailer parks . ”
Disarno detailed their vandalism rampage in their two statements :
They drove down Van Vranken Avenue , turned right at Union College and left . They drove past the Denny 's and turned onto Albany Street , with Hagadorn shooting at cars much of the way .
“ He was still shooting and hit 2 buildings and maybe 4 or 5 cars , ” Disarno 's statement reads .
They stopped in a parking lot and Hagadorn reloaded . They headed back toward Van Vranken , stopping at a Dunkin ' Donuts for food .
Back on the road , they found a dealer with a heroin supply . Hagadorn purchased it and injected it . Hagadorn shot the BB gun more than they finally headed toward Clifton Park , Disarno 's statement reads . Disarno said they did n't shoot at all in Schenectady .
Hagadorn allegedly said in their statement that they made it to the West Milton Stewart 's . They slept in Disarno 's car .
Back on the road again , Disarno 's car broke down on Route 67 . It was unclear from the statements when it broke down , but Hagadorn estimated the car was n't fixed until 5 p.m. Disarno told deputies they then returned to Schenectady to buy more heroin for Hagadorn . Hagadorn got 15 bags for $ 100 , their statement read .
Hagadorn 's statement to deputies put their own total purchases at 16 bags of heroin .
Disarno 's statement continues :
At one point , Hagadorn shot up with the drug outside a Burger King in Clifton Park . They then went in to eat . Hagadorn shot up heroin again before they arrived at Halfmoon Heights .
They then went to the nearby D & R , where Hagadorn began shooting .
Disarno told police they shot once .
Their alleged spree came to an end just before 10 p.m. Wednesday when two witnesses outside at D & R heard a “ pop , pop. ” They heard glass breaking and saw the suspects ' car . They called 911 to report the incident .
The suspects then headed toward Mechanicville , pulling over in the Halfmoon Town Park so Disarno could find their phone . A state trooper approached and they were soon arrested . Inside the car were the two BB guns .
Hagadorn 's statement ended with a handwritten apology .
“ It was a honestly stupid mistake that I fully regret making and am very sincerely sorry for my actions , and will never allow myself to make this same mistake . ”
Matt Asay is dead wrong to call the current era of the software industry `` post open source , '' as they did in InfoWorld last week . We are currently in the open source age , enjoying all the practical flexibility that open sources licenses bring . What may be confusing them is that people are no longer obsessed with arguing about software freedom -- they take it as given .
Asay claims `` 'open source ' does n't really matter anymore . '' Their own words and affiliations prove he 's mistaken .
[ See which open source projects are off to a great start in InfoWorld 's top 10 new open source projects of the year . | Track trends in open source with InfoWorld 's Technology : Open Source newsletter . ]
[ Free tools ! Get the most out of Windows with 15 open source tools for system admins . ]
First , this is the age of open source , not the age after it . Asay says so himself : `` Open source , after all , powers the most important software today , driving big trends like cloud computing , big data , and mobile ... Open source today is simply how we write software . '' Open source matters today more than ever , in the way it has always mattered since the term was coined in 1999 : in practice .
Open source is not defined as a form of argument or by debate , but by the simple , practical step of creating a licensing benchmark as the Open Source Initiative did in 1999 . OSI was not interested in arguing the philosophy and ethics of software freedom ; it took them as read and created the Open Source Definition . That still helps developers today know the software freedoms that guarantee the flexibility they need to collaborate are protected . They can be sure that `` OSI Approved '' on a license means it 's safe to collaborate .
When Asay says `` software matters more than ever , but its licensing matters less and less , '' they are wrong . Today more than ever software is being developed and maintained collaboratively . For that to be affective , there has to be a minimum of friction -- permissionless governance leading to confidence for developers .
This is especially important for distributed development . As Asay themselves writes , global teams are an important value that open source brings to development -- a hallmark of the open source age . Yet it is impossible when the friction is too great . Friction arises whenever a developer has to ask someone else for permission to proceed , has to check they have the right to use the code , has to be in a business relationship with a particular company to proceed .
You do n't create that permissionless environment by having no rules and no tools . As I 've explained before , failure to specify a license ensures that no permissions are granted in advance and all uses require the explicit permission of the developer . The lack of licensing on GitHub I 've previously observed will likely remain high because so many people use it as a store for their work , as they once used SourceForge . Neglecting licensing for the copyright due to ignorance will be with us as long as GitHub permits it .
But projects where developers collaborate -- especially from a commercial perspective -- depend on OSI-approved licenses to create a low-friction environment where permission to innovate is given in advance . Ignoring licensing is exactly the wrong move ; insisting on OSI-approved licenses is more important than ever . That 's why , instead of dismissing open source as meaningless , as Asay does , we need to double down .
We 're in the age of open source , where every activity depends on open source software and every decision about new software has to explain why it 's not open source if that 's the case . Wrongly assuming that open source flexibility is present when it 's not is disastrous for developers and the businesses that employ them . Now , more than ever , we must take open source licensing seriously .
This article , `` This is the golden age of open source , '' was originally published at InfoWorld.com . Read more of the Open Sources blog and follow the latest developments in open source at InfoWorld.com . For the latest business technology news , follow InfoWorld.com on Twitter .
Highlights : - ICC enters into its first CBD presale agreement in Brazil - ICC 's relationship with Brasliv opens a vast new market
VANCOUVER , BRITISH COLUMBIA -- ( Marketwired - Nov. 23 , 2017 ) - ICC International Cannabis Corporation ( `` ICC '' or the `` Company '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : ICC ) , a fully licensed producer and distributor of recreational cannabis and cannabinoid extracts used for medicinal purposes , is pleased to announce it has entered into a presale agreement ( the `` Agreement '' ) with Brasliv through Brasliv Import and Export ( `` Brasliv '' ) for a term of three years .
Brasliv is a Brazilian company based in Curitiba , Brazil and is focused on international commerce with a specialization in medical products . Brasliv has a reputation for efficiency and transparency when managing the international transport of goods and dealing with the required certifications and customs union procedures . Brasliv has been working with the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency ( Agência Nacional de Vigilância Sanitária or `` ANVISA '' ) for more than two years in order to obtain the requisite import permits for cannabidiol ( `` CBD '' ) products such as ICC 's newly launched , proprietary line of CBD oil branded 'BIDIOL ' . Brasliv expects to receive authorizations for such imports by mid-2018 .
Subject to ICC and Brasliv entering into a definitive agreement , and in accordance with the Agreement , Brasliv will purchase a minimum of 180,000 thirty millilitre bottles of BIDIOL per year for distribution for medicinal purposes .
In January 2017 , the Brazilian health regulator , ANVISA , legalized the importation of cannabis-based products for medicinal purposes . Under Brazil 's regulatory regime , these products require a prescription .
`` This Agreement constitutes a major milestone for the CBD industry and ICC . Brazil is the 6th most populous country in the world ( at 208 million ) and major new market for CBD that is only just emerging . Brazil is extremely innovative in their use of CBD oil products for medical treatments . We are very excited about the possibility of accessing this prosperous market due to our many competitive advantages . Firstly , Uruguay , home to ICC 's operations , neighbours Brazil and the two countries enjoy a robust trade relationship across a variety of good and services . Second , as both countries form part of the MERCOSUR commercial block , this will allow for the seamless transportation of goods across borders . Exports from Uruguay to Brazil in 2016 were for approximately U.S. $ 1.2 billion . Finally , because Brazil 's regulatory regime does not permit cannabis production , we expect Brazil to rely on the importation of CBD oil , making this a key market for ICC . Low transport costs , geographic advantages , a pre-established commercial framework and the size of the Brazilian market make this deal a very promising and potentially transformative opportunity , '' commented Alejandro Antalich , Chief Executive Officer of ICC .
The Agreement remains subject to applicable regulatory approvals , including those from the TSX Venture Exchange ( the `` TSXV '' ) , the Instituto de Regulación y Control del Cannabis , the Uruguayan Ministry of Health , the Uruguayan Ministry of Livestock , Agriculture and Fishery and applicable Brazilian authorities .
ABOUT ICC INTERNATIONAL CANNABIS CORPORATION
The Company has operations in Uruguay , and is focused on the licensed production , development and sale of recreational cannabis , cannabinoid extracts and other derivatives used for medicinal purposes and industrial hemp . For more information , please see the Company 's filings on www.sedar.com and www.intcannabiscorp.com .
Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
Certain statements in this press release constitute forward-looking information . All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release , including , without limitation , those regarding the Company 's future production and sales , results of operations , strategy , plans , objectives , goals and targets , and any statements preceded by , followed by or that include the words `` believe '' , `` expect '' , `` aim '' , `` intend '' , `` plan '' , `` continue '' , `` will '' , `` may '' , `` would '' , `` anticipate '' , `` estimate '' , `` forecast '' , `` predict '' , `` project '' , `` seek '' , `` should '' or similar expressions or the negative thereof , are forward-looking statements . These statements are not historical facts but instead represent only the Company 's expectations , estimates and projections regarding future events . These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve assumptions , risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict . Therefore , actual results may differ materially from what is expressed , implied or forecasted in such forward-looking statements .
Additional factors that could cause actual results , performance or achievements to differ materially include , but are not limited to : the Company and Brasliv 's ability to obtain any requisite regulatory approvals , to produce CBD oil in accordance with regulatory requirements , or at all , and to reach a definitive agreement for the sale of CBD oil . Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in the Company 's filings with Canadian securities regulators , and available at www.sedar.com . Management provides forward-looking statements because it believes they provide useful information to investors when considering their investment objectives and cautions investors not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information . Consequently , all of the forward-looking statements made in this press release are qualified by these cautionary statements and other cautionary statements or factors contained herein , and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments will be realized or , even if substantially realized , that they will have the expected consequences to , or effects on , the Company . These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise them to reflect subsequent information , events or circumstances or otherwise , except as required by law .
Feeling generous ? You should because you are about to help pay for JPMorgan 's $ 13 billion fine for causing the 2008 financial crisis . According to tax experts the money JPMorgan will be paying to the government ( $ 9 billion ) and to wronged customers ( $ 4 billion ) can be written off as a “ business expense. ” In other words , JPMorgan may be sticking the taxpayers with the bill .
Section 162 ( f ) of the tax code bars deductions for fines and penalties paid to the government , but JPMorgan might be able to negotiate an agreement to classify the payments as something else . Those payments labeled compensatory or for restitution are more likely to be deductible . “ These are big numbers , ” said Alan Feld , a law professor at Boston University . “ I 'm not sure that I as a taxpayer am so happy about helping JPMorgan to pay . ”
Me either professor .
And just in case the situation was not absurd enough already , part of the $ 13 billion will go to the Federal Housing Finance Authority ( FHFA ) for bad bonds JPMorgan sold to taxpayer-backed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The FHFA sued JPMorgan and 17 other banks in 2011 , alleging that the underlying loans in more than $ 200 billion worth of mortgage bonds sold to Fannie and Freddie were riskier than disclosed . The agency 's suit against JPMorgan covered roughly $ 33 billion in bonds sold between 2005 and 2007 . Steve Rosenthal , a former corporate lawyer and fellow at the Tax Policy Center , said the payments to FHFA might be interpreted either way : as penalties or as restitution . “ I am guessing it is probably described in a way that allows JPMorgan to deduct , ” said Rosenthal , a former legislative counsel at the Joint Committee on Taxation .
Yes , JPMorgan will pay a “ penalty or restitution ” to FHFA then write off that amount on its taxes . So taxpayers for a brief shining moment will be paid back before JPMorgan files their taxes and then – poof – the funds are gone again . Talk about a shell game .
What is the point of fining JPMorgan these large amounts if the taxpayer is picking up the tab ?
Cyclists argue that more discretion should be allowed in deciding when and where to wear a helmet . PIC : Aleksandra Bliszczyk
The 100 or so protestors , who rode the three kilometres from Green Park in Carlton to the Abbotsford Convent , have urged governments to allow cyclists more discretion in deciding when to wear helmets .
Australia is one of just three countries worldwide that enforces helmet laws .
“ One hundred and ninety-six other countries have looked at what Australia has done and said , ‘ no way ' , ” said protest leader Alan Todd , president of the lobby group Freestyle Cyclists .
“ To date , only New Zealand and the United Arab Emirates have followed Australia 's lead . ”
“ I 'm with the rest of the world , ” they added . “ Australia has not got this one right . Wear a helmet if you want to ; it should be a matter of personal choice . ”
The organisation 's website and Facebook page , which boasts more than 7000 followers , claims : “ The health benefits of riding a bike are many times greater than the risk , with or without a helmet . ”
“ Forcing people to wear helmets reinforces the perception that cycling is dangerous , ” it continues , adding that improving infrastructure by building a network of protected bike lanes would make cycling more attractive .
The mandatory helmet law was introduced in July , 1990 . It applies to cyclists riding on roads , bike paths and shared paths , in recreational parks and car parks . Police have the right to stop bike and scooter riders and issue a fine or a warning for not wearing a securely-fitted , approved helmet .
The current penalty for not wearing a helmet is a $ 185 fine .
After the law was introduced , helmet wearing increased from 31 per cent of cyclists to 75 per cent between 1990 and 1991 . Over the following two years , the number of head injuries from all accidents recorded across Victoria fell by 26 per cent .
However , Troy Parsons , a Freestyle Cyclists member and leader of the weekend 's ‘ helmet optional ' ride , argues that the reduction in head injuries correlates with a reduction in cycling more generally .
“ Most people would say , pro rata , that actually the injuries increased for cyclists , ” they said .
The number of cycle rides originating in the City of Yarra increased by 130 per cent between 2001 and 2011 . The 2011 Census recorded 3651 people cycling to and from Yarra for work – more than for any other municipality in Melbourne .
“ In a city that 's bursting at the seams with polluting vehicles , a huge population and a transport network that 's breaking down , the idea of putting a barrier [ compulsory helmets ] in the way of a humble bicycle , is ridiculous , ” said Mr Todd . “ I can think of nowhere else in the world that would encourage healthy , active transport by fining the people who do it . ”
“ Riding a bike is a safe activity when carried out at sensible speeds in decent conditions . A crash helmet for all occasions is overkill . The practice of fining people for this healthy and benign activity makes no sense. ” — Alan Todd , president of Freestyle Cyclists
“ [ We 're ] really about removing any barriers , ” added Mr Parsons . “ Busy roads are a barrier . High levels of traffic are a barrier . Having to wear something on your head in hot weather is a barrier for some people . ”
However , according to the The Australian Health Protection Principal Committee ( AHPPC ) , “ peer-reviewed studies conducted in Australia and overseas have repeatedly found bicycle helmet use to be associated with a significant decrease in brain injury and brain injury severity . ”
The AHPPC cites one review from 2015 that found bicycle helmet use was associated with a 35 per cent reduction in the odds of sustaining a head injury , a 64 per cent odds reduction in serious head injury and 66 per cent odds reduction of fatal head injury .
Another cyclist on the weekend ride , who gave their name simply as “ Rick ” , suggested a horse for courses approach .
“ If you 're riding on a road in between traffic , a helmet 's fine , ” they said . “ I live about 100 metres from a park and I have two [ young ] boys who love bikes , and I find it absolutely insane that when they 're riding on a sidewalk they need to wear a helmet on a 30-plus degree day , just to go to a park . ”
Under Victoria 's road safety laws , Vicroads can issue a certificate of exemption from wearing a bicycle helmet to people with neck injuries or those with a history of skin cancer who require a hat , according to Mr Parsons .
TheAustralian Health Protection Principal Committee says “ peer-reviewed studies conducted in Australia and overseas have repeatedly found bicycle helmet use to be associated with a significant decrease in brain injury and brain injury severity . ”
Rick agreed that a helmet could save a cyclist 's life , just as it could save a pedestrian and even car passengers .
“ You 're eight times more likely to get hit as a pedestrian , and 30 times more likely to get your head hit in a car , ” they added .
Another participant in yesterday 's protest , said : “ When I commute to work in and out of traffic , I wear a helmet . I do n't think it 'll actually save me if a car goes over me . . . I think I might have a better chance , but that 's my choice . ”
They added : “ We have normalised car crashes so much . People die every day in cars . . . But the car industry will never lobby to make drivers wear helmets . ”
Mr Parsons said they rarely ride on roads .
“ I have kids now and I take them to day care , so I 'm always seeking out the quietest routes . The irony is I would probably wear a helmet more if the laws were n't in place , because now I protest them . ”
According to Mr Todd : “ Riding a bike is a safe activity when carried out at sensible speeds in decent conditions . A crash helmet for all occasions is overkill . The practice of fining people for this healthy and benign activity makes no sense . ”
Terraform Registration
Users can now use their Ledger hardware wallets to participate in the Terraform Registration and stake MANA to either the Genesis City auction or one of the many community districts . We also fixed a recurring problem that led to transactions not being accounted for . Finally , we are about to finish a feature that will enable advisors , early contributors , and the team to use their vested tokens in the Terraform .
Genesis City Auction
Our team began the testing process for the land auction web app ( which is being deployed to the Ropsten testnet network soon ! ) . We will be releasing the source code and starting with the security audits next week .
Web Client and Editor
We 're at the final stage of integrating the web client with the scene editor . This is our top priority , as it will allow early users to start experimenting with creating and uploading content to [ testnet ] land . Our goal is to release early and nourish ourselves from everyone 's feedback to iterate fast .
Additionally , we have fixed some performance issues and added new features to the editor , such as uploading objects directly from Google Poly , experimental support for editing directly in VR , outlining parcels that are being edited , among others .
EthAlarm
The response to EthAlarm was outstanding , and we are looking into ways to make this dApp more scalable . Thus , we 're temporarily taking down the public instance of EthAlarm to improve its performance and reliability .
District Governance Framework
We are working with District leaders to help organize , develop and deploy district projects . Currently , we are building out a District Governance Framework that will act as a preliminary guide in which the roles and responsibilities of district leadership and participants are outlined . This is a collaborative effort between the core Decentraland team and various District leaders .
Land Manager
We started testing a small application that will allow users to choose land parcels and open them in the editor to work on them and also upload their content to the web client . Codenamed “ loader ” , this dApp allows you to claim test land in Ropsten and launch the Editor to work on your land .
China and India had already rejected the threat of sanctions and vowed to act in their national interests . The Obama administration called on both countries to make significant reductions of imports . But behind the scenes , officials from all three countries were exploring ways to reduce Iranian oil exports while engineering workaround mechanisms so that India and China could pay for the oil they do buy . Indeed , both countries now have arrangements to buy Iranian oil in their domestic currencies — rather than the dollar — that could increase their exports to Iran and also make Iranian oil cheaper .
“ It is a lot more complicated with India and China than with Japan or South Korea , ” said Valerie Lincy , executive director of the Wisconsin Project on Nuclear Arms Control , which tracks Iran 's nuclear program . “ The economies are structured differently , the amount of oil they are importing from Iran is different and the geopolitics are different . ”
The Obama administration , which has courted India as a geopolitical partner , recognizes that India has its own interests to defend : Indian leaders want to maintain good relations with Washington , and avoid crippling sanctions , yet India is heavily dependent on foreign oil , meaning that drastic reductions could damage an already wobbling Indian economy .
Moreover , Indian politicians are loath to appear to be doing the bidding of Washington , even if quietly they are working to comply . Analysts say the Indian government has ordered domestic refineries to reduce imports of Iranian oil by more than 15 percent .
“ India is clearly making an effort to reduce its dependence on Iran , and this is recognized by the U.S. , ” said Harsh V. Pant , an India specialist at King 's College in London , in an e-mail . “ But domestically , the Indian government can not be seen to be buckling under any sort of U.S. pressure . So there is a lot of talk of expanding trade ties with Iran . ”
Mrs. Clinton 's visit to India was the last stop in an Asian tour that began in China . Them agenda in China was overtaken by the plight of the blind dissident Chen Guangcheng , but Mrs. Clinton also spoke to Chinese leaders about their progress on reducing oil purchases from Iran .
In New Delhi , Mrs. Clinton discussed Iran and other issues with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , while also meeting with Sonia Gandhi , president of the governing Indian National Congress Party . On Tuesday , they used a brief news conference to praise India as “ a strong partner , ” adding that India and the United States share a common goal of preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon .
Photo
“ We commend India for the steps its refineries are taking to reduce its dependence on imports from Iran , ” they said . “ And we have been consulting with India , and working with them on some areas on alternative sources of supply . There 's no doubt that India and the United States are after the same goal . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
India 's external affairs minister , S. M. Krishna , appearing with Mrs. Clinton , portrayed India as acting in its own self-interest , while noting that Iran and India have longstanding cultural , economic and religious ties that can not be reduced to the single issue of oil .
“ It is natural for us to try and diversify our imports of oil and gas to meet the objective of energy security , ” Mr. Krishna said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Even as India reduces its oil imports from Iran , officials have been trying to figure out how to pay for its remaining Iranian oil purchases . Banking restrictions now make normal transactions with Iran almost impossible . This is why the Iranian trade delegation is in town : Iran has agreed to accept payment for 45 percent of oil sales to India in rupees , the Indian currency , much of which will be used to buy Indian exports .
Mrs. Clinton never mentioned the presence of the Iranian delegation , nor the rupee payment system , yet American officials do not seem to mind . Mark Dubowitz , an Iran specialist in Washington , said a primary purpose of sanctions is to starve Iran of the dollars and euros it needs to finance the country 's nuclear program . In the past , India paid for most of its oil purchases in dollars ; under the new arrangement , India will buy nearly half its Iranian oil in rupees , which are not a fully convertible currency .
“ This rupee account is very helpful , ” said Mr. Dubowitz , executive director of Foundation for Defense of Democracies . “ They ca n't convert rupees into dollars or euros . They ca n't repatriate rupees back to Iran . So the only thing they can do is buy Indian goods . ”
At almost precisely the moment on Tuesday that Mrs. Clinton was speaking at their news conference , the Iranian trade delegation was a few miles away , in a basement conference hall of one of the city 's most prominent cultural centers , watching a slide show on Indian exports , including photos of Indian rice , tractors , auto spare parts , pharmaceuticals and more .
“ We are very keen to work with you , ” said Anil K. Agarwal , a business person and officer with the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India .
In fact , the new payment arrangement for oil may help India reduce its enormous trade imbalance with Iran . Last year , India spent $ 988 million on Iranian imports , mostly on oil , more than 10 times the $ 91 million in goods that India exported to Iran .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Iranian leaders deny that they are developing nuclear weapons and say their nuclear program is for the peaceful development of energy . Mr. Eshagh , the leader of the Iranian delegation , never directly mentioned the sanctions , nor the fact that Mrs. Clinton was in town . But they did allude to “ certain circumstances ” and “ some problems ” that made trade more complicated . Still , they struck an upbeat tone .
“ There is a vast potential for exports and imports between the two countries , ” Mr. Eshagh told the audience , speaking through an interpreter . “ We feel there is no difficulty regarding goods and their prices . ”
It remains to be seen how extensively , or effectively , the new rupee payment system will be used . American officials will also be watching to ensure that no goods that are banned under the sanctions are exported to Iran under the system . Wheat , rice and pharmaceuticals are currently outside the sanctions , but sales of certain technologies , for example , are a cause of concern .
The question now is whether India has made the “ significant reductions ” required for exemptions . Indian officials believe they have now met the American demand , and many analysts expect the Obama administration officials to grant an exemption during a high-level Strategic Dialogue between the two countries next month in Washington .
VATICAN CITY , VATICAN - MARCH 13 : Newly elected Pope Francis I speaks to the waiting crowd from the central balcony of St Peter 's Basilica on March 13 , 2013 in Vatican City , Vatican . Argentinian Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio was elected as the 266th Pontiff and will lead the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics . ( Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images )
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) — As San Francisco explodes with revelers celebrating the gay lifestyle , on Thursday the Vatican discussed less judgmental language regarding gay unions and the gay lifestyle , in addition to conceding that most Catholics reject its teachings on sex and contraception as intrusive and irrelevant .
Vatican officials pledged not to “ close our eyes to anything ” when it opens a two-year debate on some of the thorniest issues facing the church .
Core church doctrine on the nature of marriage , sexuality , abortion and divorce is n't expected to change as a result of the debate that opens in October . But Pope Francis is well aware that the church has lost much of its relevance and credibility in today 's secular world and they are seeking to redirect their ministers to offer families , and even gays in civil unions , a “ new language ” that is welcoming and responds to their needs .
The Vatican on Thursday issued the working document for the synod discussions , which in itself marked a sharp change from past practice : The Vatican sent out a 39-point questionnaire seeking input from ordinary Catholics around the world about their understanding of , and adherence to , the church 's teaching on sexuality , homosexuality , contraception , marriage and divorce .
Thousands of ordinary Catholics , clergy and academics responded , providing the Vatican with an unprecedented compilation of grass-root data to guide the discussion . Usually , such working papers are compiled by bishops alone .
The responses , which were summarized in the working document , were brutally honest .
“ A vast majority ” of responses stressed that “ the moral evaluation of the different methods of birth control is commonly perceived today as an intrusion in the intimate life of the couple and an encroachment on the autonomy of conscience , ” the document said .
` 'Many responses recommend that for many Catholics the concept of ` responsible parenthood ' encompasses the shared responsibility in conscience to choose the most appropriate method of birth control . ”
Confronted with such a reality , Vatican officials were asked at a press conference if the church might actually change its position to align itself with the practice of most of its faithful rather than hold onto teachings that so many Catholics reject .
Based on Francis ' own wishes to open the discussion at all , deliberate for so long and canvass ordinary Catholics for their input , “ We will not close our eyes to anything , ” said Monsignor Bruno Forte , a meeting organizer . “ These problems will be considered . ”
That said , the document makes clear the value of the church 's core doctrine .
It laments that the media and its own priests have failed to communicate the “ positive ” aspects of the Vatican 's key document banning artificial contraception , the 1968 encyclical Humanae Vitae . And it stresses that what is needed is better pastoral outreach and a “ new language ” to communicate the complete vision of marriage and family life that the church espouses .
“ Some observations inferred that the clergy sometimes feel so unsuited and ill-prepared to treat issues regarding sexuality , fertility and procreation that they often choose to remain silent , ” the document said .
The officials presenting the report were asked what advice about sexuality , matrimony and the ups and downs of raising children a group of celibate men could offer Catholics when they themselves had chosen not to have sex , marry or have families .
Cardinal Lorenzo Baldisseri , who is organizing the synod , said many lay Catholics were consulted in the preparation of the working document , and the Vatican spokesperson noted that there was “ ample representation ” of the laity at Thursday 's press conference : a married couple celebrating their 25th anniversary joined the six clerics on the podium .
The document itself , though , acknowledged that the church had a credibility problem .
“ Responses from almost every part of the world frequently refer to the sexual scandals within the church ( pedophilia in particular ) and in general , to a negative experience with the clergy and other persons , ” it said . “ Sex scandals significantly weaken the church 's moral credibility . ”
The document does n't recommend changing church teaching on key hot-button issues like its opposition to gay marriage .
But citing Francis ' frequent call for the church to be more merciful and less judgmental , it recommends new pastoral guidelines to confront the increasing reality of legal recognition for same-sex unions , stressing that gays must be treated with dignity , respect and spared discrimination .
“ The episcopal conferences amply demonstrate that they are trying to find a balance between the church 's teaching on the family and a respectful , non-judgmental attitude toward people living in such unions , ” it said . It distinguished between gays who are “ discreet ” in their lifestyle and those who actively , “ often aggressively ” call attention to their unions .
“ The great challenge will be to develop a ministry which can maintain the proper balance between accepting persons in a spirit of compassion and gradually guiding them to authentic human and Christian maturity , ” it said .
And it suggests ways to improve and expedite the church 's cumbersome and expensive annulment process to enable Catholics who divorce and remarry to receive the sacraments . Currently , such divorced and civilly remarried Catholics can not receive communion because the church thinks they are essentially living in sin and committing adultery .
The document suggested creating more marriage tribunals in parts of the world where they do n't exist to handle annulment requests , removing the time-consuming automatic appeals or shifting to an administrative , rather than judicial process altogether .
Francis has spoken out about the need for a merciful approach to the divorce-remarried issue , but it remains unclear how far they are willing to go to welcome these Catholics into fully participating in the sacramental life of the church .
Finally , the Vatican noted that the threats to the family come from everywhere , including social media , with family members spending more time checking their smart phones and maintaining virtual relationships than with one another .
“ The responses consistently mention how even a family 's leisure time is hijacked by these instruments , ” it said .
TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
In the wake of the ongoing net neutrality argument , another equally important squabble between regulators and telecoms companies has been overlooked . The FCC is trying to redefine 'broadband ' as `` internet which is actually fast enough to use '' , and telecoms companies do n't like that one little bit .
According to current FCC policy , 'broadband ' means 4Mbps down/1Mbps up . That 's been the definition since 2010 , when it was upgraded from a ( hilariously slow ) 200Kbps . However , FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler recently outlined a plan to update that definition , to 25Mbps down/3 up . It 's a position supported by a number of companies , including Netflix ; but unsurprisingly , the National Cable & Telecommunications Association ( NCTA ) is dead against the plan .
Advertisement
As arbitrary as the 25/3 numbers sound , they 're not picked totally out of thin air : they 're based on a clause in the Telecommunications Act of 1996 , which states that broadband must `` enable users to originate and receive high-quality voice , data , graphics , and video telecommunications using any technology '' .
Based on that criteria , broadband should be fairly easy to define . Netflix publishes a handy little chart of how fast your internet has to be in order to stream video from its servers . To get any kind of buffer-free service , they recommend a 1.5Mbps connection , with 5Mbps recommended for HD , and 25 for 4K content .
Going by those numbers , saying that 25Mbps is the minimum standard for broadband seems a little excessive . 4K content is a rare beast on the internet , and the necessary equipment for watching it — a 4K TV — is rarer still ( although , give it five years and we 'll see how things change ) .
Advertisement
But an alternative argument for a 25Mbps standard , put forward by policy group Public Knowledge , is that a single internet connection is commonly shared between several individuals . If , say , three members of a five-person household are streaming Netflix at the same time , you 'd need a minimum of 15Mbps in order for everything to work seamlessly — and that 's assuming that the Wi-Fi network is n't causing any slowdown .
In a FCC filing on Thursday , the NCTA claimed that no-one needs internet that fast , saying that 'hypotheticals ' like people sharing one internet connection `` dramatically exaggerate the amount of bandwidth needed by the typical broadband user '' , and that `` a relatively small percentage of consumers who have access to speeds of 25 Mbps/3 Mbps actually choose to purchase service at those speeds '' . Of course , that has nothing at all to do with the non-existent competition and subsequent price gouging on high-speed plans , compared to low speed internet . Nothing at all .
Advertisement
Why does all this matter ? Well , you see , the FCC is required to `` encourage the deployment on a reasonable and timely basis of advanced telecommunications capability [ read : broadband ] to all Americans '' . So if it does n't think that enough households have broadband , it can use a selection of tools to 'encourage ' competition — tools that scare companies like Comcast or TWC .
So it 's clear why the telecoms companies want to keep the definition of broadband down : a lower threshold for broadband keeps regulators off their backs , and allows them to perpetutate the ( very valuable ) oligopoly that exists in the high-end broadband market .
Advertisement
And , in turn , the position of companies like Netflix and Google , who are advocating for faster broadband speeds , should be equally clear . Faster internet means a better experience for consumers , which means more paying customers for Netflix , and more eyeballs on videos for YouTube .
From an individual 's perspective , there are n't really any downsides to the bar for 'broadband ' being moved higher . If the FCC gets its wish , and overnight 25/3 becomes the minimum standard for broadband , the only negative effects will be for telecoms companies that sell internet packages . They 'll be shamed for not offering broadband to wide swathes of America ; but more importantly , an 'entry level ' broadband package will be something you might want to own , rather than a low-price face-saving tool designed to make telcos look good . [ FCC via Ars Technica ]
To mark World AIDS Day the state government of Gujarat , in India , is introducing a free opioid substitution program to registered addicts in the city of Surat . IV heroin users will be given an oral formulation of either buprenorphine or methadone , with the dual aims of reducing the use of needles and aiding recovery .
Both substances are used to treat addiction ; as Ritambhara Mehta , head of the psychiatry department at Government Medical College Surat explained , they “ [ work ] against other drugs consumed after taking it . It does n't let the patient feel the high once consumed. ” Greater access to these treatments is clearly positive , with a long history of their administration having demonstrated significant benefits , including “ a reduction in deaths , HIV infection , crime and drug use with improvements also seen in physical and mental health and social functioning. ” They are also more effective than any other option at attracting and retaining addicts .
While hardly a new idea , access to these treatments remains a significant problem , with “ less than 10 % of those in need of treatment ” receiving it , according to the World Health Organization . It is presently available at only 35 centres across India , a country with a population over one billion , one million of which are registered heroin addicts , with estimates of the total addict population reaching as high as five million according to a UN report .
The expansion of India 's capacity to provide opioid substitution treatment should be applauded , but we might use this opportunity to think about how we can improve their availability and efficacy , globally .
Barriers to Access
Across the world , many addicts self-administer substances like buprenorphine and methadone to treat addiction due to difficulty accessing these treatments through official channels . Programs like the one beginning in Gujarat often have highly restrictive criteria . A study of one such program in Sweden found many addicts being turned away because they “ had hidden their drug use from friends , family , and colleagues and lacked documentation in the form of contacts with healthcare , dependence treatment , social services , or the police . ”
In addition , even those who gained access were often subjected to involuntary discharge for “ missed clinic appointments , disorderly or threatening behavior , and drug crimes. ” Evidently , barring people who exhibit behaviour typical of hardcore addiction from addiction treatment is not the wisest of options .
Finally , and this may be the greatest lesson for improving opioid substitution programs , “ all the interviewees voiced the opinion that [ Opioid Substitution Therapy ] subjects patients to control measures and authority , and some even characterized the treatment as degrading. ” If access to methadone and buprenorphine reduces death , crime , and the spread of HIV , then it is well worth considering making it available to those who do not wish to subject themselves to the scrutiny and restriction of freedom of government-run programs .
This is to look only at the consumer side . In many countries , strict and often punitive regulation of substitution treatments is a hindrance to providers , as can be seen in Germany , where poor training and a lack interdisciplinary cooperation are also leading to a dwindling number of physicians able to supply the treatment
Lastly , while buprenorphine and methadone have the highest rate of retention , they do not attract or retain all addicts . They may benefit from supplementary treatments like oral diamorphine , and greater legitimacy for treatments which do not aim at abstinence .
Still , all things considered , the expansion of treatments for addicts is always a positive and welcome development .
Two men were arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with a man 's body that was found in the back seat of a charred sedan in Chatsworth in February , police said Wednesday .
Frank Salazar , 44 , of Oak Park and Rodolfo Navarro , 23 , of Sylmar were taken into custody Tuesday and were being held at Van Nuys jail in lieu of at least $ 2 million , Detective Dave Peteque of the Los Angeles Police Department 's Operations-Valley Bureau Homicide Unit said . The pair were set to be arraigned in court Thursday .
The victim was identified as Christopher Alan Nicols , 48 , with an unknown city of residence , said Ed Winter of the Los Angeles County Department of Medical Examiner-Coroner .
Detectives learned that Nicols worked part-time at a warehouse in Van Nuys . A search warrant revealed the warehouse was an illegal marijuana grow , where authorities recovered more than $ 2.3 million worth of illegal marijuana , Peteque said .
“ The investigation revealed that Nicols got into a dispute with the business owner of the illegal marijuana grow , ” Peteque said , and a physical altercation occurred .
Both suspects were wanted in connection with the murder and for transporting Nicols from Van Nuys to Chatsworth , where the vehicle was set on fire . Nicols died after they were hit in the head with an unknown object and the car was set on fire , Peteque explained .
The burned vehicle was reported at 1:16 a.m. Feb. 26 , near the 11000 block of Lurline Avenue north of Nashville Street , authorities said .
Winter said there was no license plate on the vehicle , and the back bumper had been removed .
Nicols ' cause of death has been deferred , Winter explained , likely because of the toxicology tests and other factors such as the condition of the body .
Nicols did not have a permanent address , and it 's unclear if they were a transient , Winter explained .
But Peteque described Nicols as “ basically homeless , ” noting they were allowed to stay in a back room of the Van Nuys warehouse and acted like a security guard .
Navarro was arrested around noon Tuesday after a pursuit of less than 10 minutes that started in Granada Hills and ended in Sylmar .
“ There was no use of force , ” Peteque said , adding there had been a surveillance unit shadowing Navarro .
Salazar was followed from their residence in Oak Park to Woodland Hills and was arrested at 3 p.m. Tuesday , Peteque explained .
“ He just pulled over , ” Peteque said , adding Salazar was cooperative .
Authorities initially investigated the death as a homicide , and Peteque said at the time the sedan containing the body was “ burned all the way to the metal frame . ”
The spot where the charred car was found is near equestrian trails and other open lots south of the 118 Freeway . The private Sierra Canyon School is also in the area .
Staff writer Brenda Gazzar and City News Service contributed to this report .
Authorities scour seas for missing asylum boat
Updated
Australian authorities have been asked to play a greater role in the search for an asylum seeker boat with 150 people on board thought to be missing off the Indonesian coast .
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority ( ASMA ) received two distress calls early on Wednesday morning , saying the boat was sinking in Indonesia 's Sunda Strait .
ASMA says it sent out an alert to shipping in the area and then passed the information to the Indonesian search and rescue organisation , Basarnas .
A spokesperson for Basarnas says they sent two rescue helicopters and a boat to the area , but they returned without having found any sign of the boat or survivors .
The search was called off , but has now been expanded .
A merchant ship has been diverted to the area and Australian authorities have been asked to play a greater role in the search .
A Customs surveillance plane is due to leave Christmas Island this morning to aid in the search .
The distress calls indicated the boat was between Java and Sumatra , about 220 nautical miles from Christmas Island .
Three other boats carrying 500 people are known to have sunk on that route in recent years .
However , this boat appears to have only been about eight nautical miles from the coast .
Meanwhile , two other asylum seeker boats have been intercepted near Christmas Island .
Custom says the first had 56 passengers and two crew on board and was stopped on Tuesday night .
The second was carrying 25 people and was intercepted on Wednesday morning .
Those on board could have their asylum claims processed on Nauru or Papua New Guinea 's Manus Island .
Topics : federal-government , immigration , indonesia , christmas-island , wa
First posted
SEOUL -- Hyundai Motor Co. is considering building the Tucson and Kona crossovers and a planned pickup at its sole U.S. factory to help reverse a sales slump , the Seoul Economic Daily reported Friday .
Hyundai aims to produce the Tucson and the pickup at its U.S. plant in Alabama in 2021 , the report said , citing anonymous industry officials . The plant currently builds the Sonata and Elantra sedans and the Santa Fe crossover .
Hyundai told Reuters it had made no decision about future production in the United States .
`` We are always considering the possibilities of all products in individual markets , '' it said in a statement .
To boost crossover output , Hyundai would increase the production capacity of the U.S. factory to 450,000 vehicles a year , from the current 380,000 vehicles , the report said .
Hyundai Motor denied it had any plan to expand U.S. capacity .
The company is grappling with slumping sales of its mainstay sedans such as the Sonata as low oil prices drive demand for crossovers , SUVs and pickups . While light-truck volume continues to grow , U.S. car sales are on track to decline for the fourth straight year in 2017 .
Hyundai posted the biggest U.S. sales decline among carmakers in October , with volume dropping 15 percent in a market that slipped 1.2 percent .
Hyundai Motor senior executive Michael J. O'Brien previously told Reuters it planned to launch a pickup in the United States , while people familiar with the matter said the model was expected to be produced in late 2020 and was likely to be built in Alabama .
O'Brien also said the `` No . 1 issue '' was how to increase production , particularly of the Tucson , which was `` short of supply . ''
They also said the smaller Kona crossover , which will be launched in the United States early next year , will come from South Korea , `` at least initially . ''
When low-water flush toilets became the law , they were not very popular ; people were even smuggling high-volume toilets across the border from Canada , because the things just did n't work , often requiring two or three flushes to get everything down . Engineer Bill Gauley of Veritec Consulting developed a test that has become the standard- The Maximum Performance ( MaP ) test . Starting with mashed potatoes and bananas to simulate you-know-what , Gauley 's team searched for a `` test specimen '' , and finally settled on soybean paste ( miso ) imported from Japan . This is expensive , since they keep flushing until the toilet does n't work any more , so they started encasing the miso in a `` thin latex membrane '' - a condom . The testing is now almost universal , lessons have been learned , and six-litre toilets work better than the 13 litre ones they replace . The winner : the TOTO Drake , capable of handling 900 grams . ( average male 's maximum dump : 250 Grams ) . Now you have no excuse not to upgrade ! : :The Star read : :test results here ( big PDF )
On Saturday , Wake Forest put a revenge whooping on Louisville . After a 44-12 loss last year , the Demon Deacons welcomed the Cardinals to Winston-Salem and beat them , 42-32 . This was more of a REVENGE GAME than even the score lets on , however .
That 's because last year , # Wakeyleaks happened . A brief FAQ follows :
What is Wakeyleaks ?
It 's a nickname designed to sound like Wikileaks .
What does it refer to , I mean ?
Just before Wake lost at Louisville last November , the Demon Deacons happened upon a weird discovery . A member of their travel party had found their game plan documents inside Louisville 's Papa John 's Cardinal Stadium the night earlier .
Wake Forest launched an investigation , and the Wakeyleaks scandal was born .
What actually happened here ?
Wake 's investigation led the Deacs to former player and assistant coach Tom Elrod , a radio announcer for the team . The school determined not only that it had a mole , but that Elrod was that mole . The school fired them and banned them from team facilities .
Louisville later suspended offensive coordinator Lonnie Galloway , who might 've received leaks from Elrod . This video also explains what went down in detail .
Still trying to figure out what really went down with WAKEYLEAKS ?
This is for you : pic.twitter.com/STcSann7As — SB Nation ( @ SBNation ) October 28 , 2017
Did Bobby Petrino know anything about this , then ?
Petrino claimed they had no knowledge of any wrongdoing .
I believe him , because what kind of offensive coordinator would receive parts of an opponent 's game plan on the eve of a game and then tell their offense-minded boss about it ? There 's also no reason to doubt Petrino 's good intentions , so do n't worry about a thing .
Were any other teams involved beyond Louisville ?
Virginia Tech and Army allegedly caught leaks from Elrod , too . Army suspended one assistant , and Virginia Tech said a former assistant got some intel . ( We later learned that assistant was Shane Beamer , the son of former head coach Frank Beamer , whom VT said knew nothing . )
The ACC fined Louisville and Virginia Tech $ 25,000 apiece .
An internal probe at Indiana turned up no involvement .
What actually got leaked ?
Some plays , apparently . The extent of the breach is n't publicly known .
Does Wake Forest think the leaks were a big deal ?
Yeah .
“ Louisville is an excellent football team , and it was a game we felt , in order to score points , we had to have some wrinkles , ” Wake Forest head coach Dave Clawson said . “ And all those wrinkles were right in front of us . And at that point , we knew we had been compromised . And as a result , a lot of those things we had prepared , we could n't run because we knew they had it . ”
Does Louisville think the leaks were a big deal ?
No .
Then-athletic director Tom Jurich said none of the plays Louisville received ahead of time actually got run during the game and that Louisville 's coaches did n't learn anything they had n't already prepared for .
Hold on . Is n't the Louisville AD the same guy who just got fired amid a wide-reaching FBI investigation into corruption in college basketball and at Louisville specifically ?
Yeah .
But there 's no way that AD would 've been anything less than forthcoming about this matter , right ?
Definitely not , IMO .
Have the teams put any lingering bad blood to rest ?
I 'm not sure . Before the season , defending Heisman-winning quarterback Lamar Jackson said he 'd heard that Clawson was the anonymous coach who hated on their NFL upside in a Sports Illustrated story . Clawson called Jackson 's claim “ fake news . ”
So , are Wake Forest and Louisville now football rivals ?
Yep , that 's the rule .
Fans of The Vampire Diaries ‘ Damon/Elena and Stefan/Elena , brace yourselves : Both the current couple and the erstwhile pair are looking at bumpy roads ahead .
After finding out that versions of Stefan and Elena have been drawn to each other over the centuries , Damon made it clear that they are n't going to allow the universe to get in the way of their romance with the Whitmore college first-year student . But that 's easier said than done .
RELATED | The Vampire Diaries Season 5 Spoilers — Elena , Katherine and Amara Scene
“ It 's the elephant in the room , ” describes Nina Dobrev during a TVLine visit to the show 's Atlanta set . “ When you 're in a relationship and there 's an ex-boyfriend around , the significant other is always like , ‘ Hmm , I wonder… ' There 's always that insecurity . They might say that it 's OK , but it 's in the back of their mind . It 's the same thing with Elena and Damon . He 's pretending to be OK with it , but they ca n't unthink and unknow what they heard and what they know now . ”
Having that little destiny nugget tucked away in Damon 's mind “ will always cause tension in their relationship moving forward , ” continues the actor .
“ Relationships are hard in life . Relationships are really hard in Mystic Falls , ” adds Ian Somerhalder . “ If you do n't have conflict , you have no drama ; and if you have no drama , you have no TV show . So relationships do n't last that long in Mystic Falls , unless , clearly , you 're a freakin ' doppelganger and the universe draws you two together . ”
RELATED | The CW Picks Up The Originals , The Tomorrow People and Reign for Full Seasons
Damon might be secretly concerned about their girlfriend 's pull to their ex/his brother , but the question remains : Does Stefan even want to be with Elena right now ? “ I think their love has faded , ” admits Paul Wesley . “ It 's dissipated . ”
The universe , though , might have other plans . “ It 's kind of like when you go to a fortune teller and they tell you , ‘ You 're going to end up with this person . ' And you 're like , ‘ Really ? ' And you ca n't help but in the back of your mind think that the fortune teller might be correct , ” Wesley says of the intel about Stelena 's decades-spanning romance . “ It 's one of those things , even though you do n't really see yourself with that person . ”
As the younger Salvatore 's mindset changes – “ Right now , Stefan 's taking some time to himself . He 's 160 years old , so maybe he 's kind of over relationships ? ” muses Wesley – their connection with big bro Damon has taken a turn , too , to a place where “ five seasons in , it 's not really contentious at this point anymore . ”
Oddly enough , the historically at-odds brothers are n't even battling over Elena 's affections anymore , adds Wesley . “ [ Maybe ] a little bit , but not really… That triangle is , to be honest , a bit on the backburner right now . ”
Will all that change now that Stefan has their memories back ? It actually seems unlikely that the vamp will be drawn back to their old love just because they remember them “ There would have been more of a shot of them getting in the sack if they did n't have their memories , ” says Wesley with a laugh . “ That 's usually how it works . ‘ Let 's forget about everything that 's happened . Let 's get busy . ' ”
Meanwhile , there 's another factor complicating this already messy romantic triangle : Katherine , who has “ lingering love for one of the brothers that we learn more about as episodes progress , ” reveals Dobrev . “ She does love one of the brothers . Almost like Elena has chosen , Katherine has chosen and we see that unfold . ”
The Vampire Diaries airs Thursdays at 8/7c on The CW .
Brussels .
The Silent Mecca of EDM music . City of beer , dreams , love , music , peace and unity .
Captains Log Day 4 - 26/07/16 1:26 am . SNCF Railways .
The first shadows of a new era beset upon our feet . The faithful Co-Captain Avi was getting ready to set an anchor in their life , they were soon to be married . History has shown us , that to welcome a new milestone the mind , body and soul has to transform . Grow . Learn . However , we were not going to let this metamorphosis happen without an ode to the times . A big hoorah . A celebration to cast a shade on any other celebration in our lives . Welcome to the logs of # avisbuxx
This was not going to be any adventure ; this would be a pilgrimage to honor the man . The Captain set off gathering the crew , the brave men that would dedicate mind body and soul to the cause . This mission was only for the prepared . The selected troops were the Captain , Co-Captain Avi and the newly promoted Rebel leader Amit .
The journey to the first destination was long , but we had managed to entertain ourselves by playing chicken games on an iPad for 13 hours . A stopover in Abu Dhabi consisted of a quick replenishment meal as we boarded our remaining 8-hour flight to the country of Belgium . Once again sleep was not our friend , barely catching an hour or two the whole journey .
Red eyed at 9am we arrived in the city of Brussels , and not long after we made it to our hotel only to be advised that the room would not be ready for another 3 hours . This only meant one thing . Engage tourist mode . Within minutes ( after getting lost for a bit ) we were off out of the city to explore sites like the Atomniom ( an alien like giant structure ) and Mini Europe ( self-explanatory ) . A quick snack of the local delicacy of Fritz ( chips with mayo ) and we decided to continue our sight-seeing adventures , as we headed 2 hours away to , a university town , and visit the Herge museum ( think TinTin ) . 42 hours after leaving Melbourne we finally reached our hotel for a warm shower a rest , although just as the micro sleep fairies started hovering over our heads it was to go out again .
Legs shivering from the lack of sleep , exhaustion peaking and the mind full of the adrenaline of adventure we wander around , searching for a place to eat . Captain suggests a beer to kick off the night and relax the nerves , at first the co-captain refuses saying we should have dinner first , however democracy is called when the Rebel leader agrees with the idea . The request is the large pint , the drinks start flowing when democracy is called again when the co-captain suggest one round each before we eat… .. a pub hop ensues , a beer at a live music bar , this then turns into a stumble to see the Pissing Boy ( a landmark of the city ) . As Rebel leader and Captain took photos of this monument , the Co-Captain had found their next bar . It seemed the there was a party going on , people yelling and singing in French , this seemed like an apt place . Not long after the Co-Captain was being cheered as they sculled a beer , then being invited to dance to a chant – which involved a lot of yelling “ TIKI TAKA “ on the streets . Absolutely on a different planet we left the club only to realize that we had not had anything to eat and the time was 1 am – stumbling once again we ended up at Fritzland , a place that we had starred on our map as it had the best Fritz in the country , they also served beer . Smashing down some fritz with samurai sauce the Captain lead the crew to the next bar , the Brazilian variety . Not long after we lost the Rebel leader – with no contact , the co-captain and captain scoured the streets and bars of Brussels looking for them only to return home at 4:30 am to find them fast asleep in their bed .
The day had arrived . The Pilgrimage was to peak . The main reason we were in this beautiful country . Tomorrowland ! Those that do n't know what Tomorrowland is , I can summarise it , however I can not do it justice . No words , no graphical explanations , no level of detail , no images can convey what Tomorrowland is . Tommorowland is a Dance Music Festival which hosts the biggest DJs in the world in a Disneyworld like theme park . 160,000 people . 16 stages . A place of Love , Peace . Music . This is the Mecca of EDM music . This is a pilgrimage that anyone that loves this genre of music must attend . This is the holiest ground for EDM music ..
Hungover , armed with our masks , water bottles , spare phone batteries , the squadron caught an uber , goosebumps as we rode to war , this was a battle we had dreamed of fighting for years . The time had come . The giganticness of the festival , the beauty of the stages can not be described here , and the photos and videos you see can not convey the emotion you feel on this ground . We headed to the main stage , just to be blown away . We were lucky enough to rendezvous with some other Pirates that joined our squadron . Reverend Raj and Prince Patel , veterans , of Tomorrowland Brasil , our tour guides on this mind-blowing trip . The company was well appreciated our team had formed and we fought hand in hand . We went and saw , Ferry Corsten , FTampa , Dada Life , Don Diablo , GTA , RaveCave , Steve Aoki , Steve Angello , Yellow Claw ending it with Martin Garrix , and Like Mike and Demitri Vegas .
We left , with withdrawals of the night to ensue . Even as I write this log I feel my heart skip a beat . This was the BEST Night of Our lives – nothing can ever come close to what we felt . The Fellowship was broken as we departed a land of dreams and music . Broken we ended up back home after 12 hours of non-stop dancing at 6am , having the inability to sleep due to the blood rushing though our body and thoughts unable to let go of what we had experienced we finally slept at 7:30am . We were later to find , that one of our companions had to be hospitalized due to the exhaustion that came with 3 days of heaven
Waking up a few hours later we still could not stop thinking about the night that was . After speaking about the night before we finally arose and continued our sight-seeing across the city , visiting all the remaining places . The beauty of the city is unfathomable . Once again the grandeur is not doing justice by image , we strolled to the grand place . We went to a few chocolate shops and indulged in some of the finest chocolate in the world . Joining the locals we bought some beers and sat in front of the grand structures and contemplated our nights activities . Since it was the last night we thought a pub crawl was the right thing to do .
Once again we got home and 20 minutes later we are out and about to join the pubcrawl .
Meeting new people commenced . It was time for the Aussie battalion to take control , introducing the people to the drinking games , getting everyone involved , time accelerated as people started dropping like flies . BUFFELO . Jumping from bar to bar , we once again had a huge night , returning home at 4 am with high concentrations of liquids in our systems .
Sleep was once again not our friend , the squadron awaking a few hours later , and spending the last few hours of our stay watching Tomorrowland videos , see here https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ME4sx9UEJPM - scroll to 17.45 and see if you recognize someone . Spending enough time on the videos , we left the hotel in the last minute only to reach our train to Amsterdam 2 minutes prior to its departure .
To sign off this log , I need to say that , going to Tomorrowland just proves that Dreams are only dreams when you sleep ; when you are awake , you have the chance to make them a reality .
Flask-Admin is a Flask extension that solves the boring problem of building an admin interface on top of an existing data model . With little effort , it lets you manage the data of your web application through a user-friendly interface . To make your data a little more interesting it is often useful to provide some images that can be integrated in slideshows , articles or even as an exchangeable logo of your application . While image uploads are indeed a very common task for web applications I found myself pondering frequently on how to realize a consistent integration in the Flask-Admin modelview system . Especially I wanted a solution that allowed me to upload images regardless of their filename and also handle duplicates graciously without breaking the association of my database entry to the referenced imagefile . So this article is about how to achieve consistent image file storage implemented in Flask-Admin by using the Flask-Uploads extension to automatically generate UUIDs as filenames and link them to a database entry .
The basic Flask application is pretty straight forward . First we create a requirements.txt file that contains our needed Python packages :
requirements.txt
flask flask-uploads flask-admin flask-sqlalchemy
Than we create our app.py file containing the basic Flask application with an administrator view that can be accessed by using the /admin endpoint .
app.py
import os from flask import Flask from flask_admin import Admin from flask_admin.contrib.sqla import ModelView from flask_sqlalchemy import SQLAlchemy app = Flask ( __name__ ) app . config [ 'SECRET_KEY ' ] = 'my secret ' app . config [ 'SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI ' ] = 'sqlite : ///data.sqlite ' admin = Admin ( app , template_mode = 'bootstrap3 ' ) db = SQLAlchemy ( app ) class Image ( db . Model ) : __tablename__ = 'images ' id = db . Column ( db . Integer , primary_key = True ) name = db . Column ( db . String ( 64 ) , unique = True , nullable = False ) filename = db . Column ( db . String ( 128 ) , unique = True ) def __repr__ ( self ) : return self . name db . create_all ( ) admin . add_view ( ModelView ( Image , db . session , name = 'Images ' ) ) if __name__ == '__main__ ' : app . run ( )
We can run this application by calling $ python app.py . Since Flask 0.11 we can also use the powerful new command line interface ( cli ) based on click to run the application :
$ export FLASK_APP = app.py $ flask run * Serving Flask app `` app '' * Forcing debug mode on * Running on http : //127.0.0.1:5000/ ( Press CTRL+C to quit ) * Restarting with stat
If we visit http : //localhost:5000/admin we will see our Flask-Admin CRUD frontend with a menu item called images that let 's us create , delete and edit images within our database . Each image we create needs to be given a mandatory and unique name . Additionally to the given name we are also asked for a filename pointing to our actual image file . So if we upload an image manually to our server we can place the path pointing to that file in this field . But that is not the way we want it . We want our web application to take complete care of the image upload and automatically link the uploaded file to the database entry . We will use the Flask-Uploads extension here . It allows the application to flexibly and efficiently handle file uploading and serving the uploaded file . We need to add the following lines to our application :
app.py
from flask_uploads import UploadSet , IMAGES , configure_uploads , \ patch_request_class app . config [ 'UPLOADED_IMAGES_DEST ' ] = 'static/images ' app . config [ 'UPLOADED_IMAGES_URL ' ] = '/static/images/ ' images = UploadSet ( 'images ' , IMAGES ) configure_uploads ( app , ( images ) ) patch_request_class ( app , 16 * 1024 * 1024 )
This creates a new UploadSet for predefined image file types and stores the configuration in the app . Via the patch_request_class ( ) function we allow file uploads of a file size up to 16MiB . The images will be stored in static/images and the relative URL will be /static/images/ . With Flask-Uploads it is possible to define multiple upload sets for different filetypes and store them each in a different directory . Also we need to implement two properties in our Image model to access the filepath and url :
app.py
class Image ( db . Model ) : # ... @ property def url ( self ) : return images . url ( self . filename ) @ property def filepath ( self ) : if self . filename is None : return return images . path ( self . filename )
The next step is to integrate the file upload in our Flask-Admin CRUD frontend . To achieve this we will need a customized ModelView for our image items . So we will subclass ModelView and name it ImageView . In the list view we want to see not only the name and filename but also a thumbnail of the image itself . This is done by adding an image column to the column_list and adding a formatter named _list_thumbnail ( ) to the column_formatters dictionary . Also we replace the original TextField for the filename by an ImageUploadField that let 's us open a dialog to choose a file for uploading .
app.py
def _list_thumbnail ( view , context , model , name ) : if not model.filename : return `` return Markup ( ' < img src= '' { model.url } '' style= '' width : 150px ; '' > ' . format ( model = model ) ) class ImageView ( ModelView ) : column_list = [ 'image ' , 'name ' , 'filename ' , 'size ' ] column_formatters = { 'image ' : _list_thumbnail } form_extra_fields = { 'filename ' : form . ImageUploadField ( 'Image ' , base_path = imagedir , url_relative_path = 'images/ ' , ) }
Now we are able to upload images . But we also might want to delete them if we do n't need them anymore . We can do this easily with the Flask-Admin CRUD frontend by using the small delete button in the list view . But at the moment this will only delete the database entry and not the image itself . To actually delete the image file we need to place a database hook that gets triggered after an database object has been deleted .
app.py
from sqlalchemy import event @ event.listens_for ( Image , 'after_delete ' ) def del_image ( mapper , connection , target ) : if target . filepath is not None : try : os . remove ( target . filepath ) except OSError : pass
Now we can upload images , delete them and even change images in our Flask-Admin environment . The only drawback comes if there are multiple images with the same name . Actually this can not happen as we defined our Image.name field to be unique . However it is possible that the filenames of uploaded images are the same . E.g . if we have uploaded an image foo.png and want to upload a second image foo.png from a different directory then we are not able to do so as it is not allowed to upload images with the same filename . This is a bit of a drawback since we actually do n't care about the real filename of a stored image and use the name property for identification . This is why we actually can drop the original filename all together and use UUIDs to store the images . So we create a new function that generates filenames with a UUID1 and the original extension .
app.py
import uuid from werkzeug.utils import secure_filename def _imagename_uuid1_gen ( obj , file_data ) : _ , ext = os . path . splitext ( file_data . filename ) uid = uuid . uuid1 ( ) return secure_filename ( ' { } { } ' . format ( uid , ext ) )
We use this function as our name generator by adding it to the name_gen property of our ImageView.form_extra_fields dictionary :
class ImageView ( ModelView ) : # ... form_extra_fields = { 'filename ' : form . ImageUploadField ( 'Image ' , base_path = imagedir , url_relative_path = 'images/ ' , namegen = _imagename_uuid1_gen , ) }
uuid.uuid1 ( ) generates a UUID from the host Id , a sequence number and the current time . This way each uuid is meant to be unique .
Now our application allows us to upload image files regardless of their filename and keep a consistent link between our database entries and the actual files stored on the server . Here you can see the whole application in its final state :
app.py
import os from flask import Flask , Markup from flask_admin import Admin , form from flask_admin.contrib.sqla import ModelView from flask_sqlalchemy import SQLAlchemy from flask_migrate import Migrate from flask_uploads import UploadSet , IMAGES , configure_uploads , \ patch_request_class from sqlalchemy import event import uuid from werkzeug.utils import secure_filename app = Flask ( __name__ ) app . config [ 'SECRET_KEY ' ] = 'my secret ' app . config [ 'SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI ' ] = 'sqlite : ///data.sqlite ' app . config [ 'UPLOADED_IMAGES_DEST ' ] = imagedir = 'static/images ' app . config [ 'UPLOADED_IMAGES_URL ' ] = '/static/images/ ' admin = Admin ( app , template_mode = 'bootstrap3 ' ) db = SQLAlchemy ( app ) migrate = Migrate ( app , db ) images = UploadSet ( 'images ' , IMAGES ) configure_uploads ( app , ( images ) ) patch_request_class ( app , 16 * 1024 * 1024 ) @ app.route ( '/ ' ) def index ( ) : return 'Hello World ' class Image ( db . Model ) : __tablename__ = 'images ' id = db . Column ( db . Integer , primary_key = True ) name = db . Column ( db . String ( 64 ) , unique = True , nullable = False ) filename = db . Column ( db . String ( 128 ) , unique = True ) def __repr__ ( self ) : return self . name @ property def url ( self ) : return images . url ( self . filename ) @ property def filepath ( self ) : if self . filename is None : return return images . path ( self . filename ) @ event.listens_for ( Image , 'after_delete ' ) def del_image ( mapper , connection , target ) : if target . filepath is not None : try : os . remove ( target . filepath ) except OSError : pass def _list_thumbnail ( view , context , model , name ) : if not model . filename : return `` return Markup ( ' < img src= '' { model.url } '' style= '' width : 150px ; '' > ' . format ( model = model ) ) def _imagename_uuid1_gen ( obj , file_data ) : _ , ext = os . path . splitext ( file_data . filename ) uid = uuid . uuid1 ( ) return secure_filename ( ' { } { } ' . format ( uid , ext ) ) class ImageView ( ModelView ) : column_list = [ 'image ' , 'name ' , 'filename ' , ] column_formatters = { 'image ' : _list_thumbnail } form_extra_fields = { 'filename ' : form . ImageUploadField ( 'Image ' , base_path = imagedir , url_relative_path = 'images/ ' , namegen = _imagename_uuid1_gen , ) }
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and if you found anything not right or want to leave some comments do n't hesitate to do so .
Useful Links
Sea Glass Memories
I sat digging and looking at rocks , right at the shore , as the shallow waves rolled across and absorbed into the rich , fine sand . My mind was in a lyrical appreciation of the textures : warm , smooth stones splashed by cool water ; solemn , intense sun , in the broad cloudless sky heated the sand beneath my bottom .
A lanky woman , in a black bikini , with dark hair and a long , narrow face and large , charming eyes , strolled from my right and stopped before me . I looked up at her ; my legs were parted before me , my hands in the sand . I felt like a child ; they had come across me in a moment of oddity — in play incongruent with my age .
The woman , who must 've been about forty years old , stood with one leg straightened , the other bent and hand on hip . This stance seemed to tower above me . They were an endless column , pointing heavenward , of tanned calves and thighs ; their hips like a mural of broken color ; as their torso and shoulders , face and arms , cascaded off , in sharp perspective , like a steeple or obelisk seen from it 's immediate base .
“ Are you looking for sea glass ? ” They asked calmly .
I paused in a daze . Implement conversational skills ? — Human being . “ Well , no I 'm just sort of playing . But , my grandma used to collect sea glass . They had jars filled with it . ”
“ Oh is that right ? ” The lady said , as they turned to look at the horizon .
“ Yah , I suppose they may have found it all ! I do n't see any now . ”
The lady chuckled , but their eyes remained serene . There was silence , except for the call of a distant seagull and the weak breaking waves .
“ Enjoy the day , ” they said , smiling widely , as if for a photograph .
And as they continued their stroll , I watched briefly , to contain the loveliness of their figure , of their hair dancing across their back and the dissipation of footprints they left in the sand , as the sheen of dispersing water fell across them trail .
I knew they were gone , someone I 'd never know . But , they came to me at that moment and their image would remain lucidly within me . Still sitting in sand , right at the shore , the ocean water came billowing up my body and cooled me to the core .
Second Transphobic Ad Hits Press as Minn . Debates Student Athlete Policy
The discussion about how to best protect transgender student athletes in Minnesota 's high schools is set to resume this week , and despite two months of cooling-off time , one side in the debate is roaring back , full speed ahead and guns blazing .
That side is represented by a conservative group based in Mankato , Minn. , that is well-known for its opposition to new guidelines that would apply to students across Minnesota and put the state in compliance with a U.S. Department of Education update to Title IX requirements . That update extends the law 's civil rights protections to all students , regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity .
Readers of the Sunday edition of the Minneapolis Star Tribune could n't help but see the group 's full-page color ad in the main section , featuring a young woman of high-school age , dressed to play baseball , but warming the bench instead of standing in the batter 's box . The idea is that she 's off the team because a transgender student took their place .
The advertisement on page A10 was purchased by Child Protection League Action , which describes itself on its website as “ a 501 ( c ) 4 nonprofit corporation that is committed to promoting the welfare of children and protecting them from exploitation , indoctrination , and violence . CPLAction educates the public and public officials , lobbies elected lawmakers , and equips its members to impact public policies and legislation toward the physical , mental and emotional safety and welfare of children . ”
What the website does n't say is that the group has joined forces with the Minnesota Catholic Conference in protesting the proposal that would accommodate transgender student athletes . In September , CPLAction placed a full-page color ad on the back of the Star Tribune 's Sunday sports section , asking “ A male wants to shower beside your 14-year-old daughter . Are YOU OK with that ? ”
This time , CPLAction 's ad took aim directly at the wallets and purses of parents of student athletes who are pinning their hopes of a college education on their children 's chance of a scholarship .
“ The End of Girls ' Sports ? ” reads the headline , with the word “ End ” in red . “ Her dream of a scholarship shattered , your 14-year-old daughter just lost their position on an all-girls team to a male , ” the ad states , again highlighting a word in red , this time : male . The ad attempts to stoke the same fear as the September campaign , with the tagline : “ And they may have to shower with him . Are you willing to let that happen ? ”
Once Minnesota media critic David Brauer tweeted about the ad , the Twitterverse lit up . At least one subscriber told The Advocate this second transphobic ad was just too much for them to tolerate and that they would be calling to cancel their subscription . Reaction on Facebook likewise has been swift and negative , as comments focused on the ad campaign 's attempt to inspire fear of transgender people , calling the effort “ sick , ” “ disgusting , ” and “ shameful. ” In response to the ad , Kirsten Hart wrote in a forum for parents of transgender children , “ MY child is a risk to NO ONE . ”
Some Facebook users criticized the publisher , former Republican Minnesota lawmaker Glen Taylor , who also owns the Timberwolves and Lynx pro basketball teams .
The Advocate reached out to the Star Tribune and its senior vice president and chief revenue officer , Paul Kasbohm , for comment . A senior editor at the newspaper said the newsroom had received no complaints so far , and Kasbohm has so far not replied .
The ad also appeared in the hometown paper of CPLAction , The Mankato Free Press . Organizers at CPLAction did not respond to The Advocate 's emails with questions about the ad .
One of those questions that needs an answer is how CPLAction came to use a photograph of a model portraying fictional lesbian baseball player Susie Torres in their advertisement , as tweeted by Chris Steller of Minneapolis and first reported by the Bluestem Prairie website . The photo was used to illustrate the cover of the young adult novel Going , Going , Gone : Susie 's Story , published by Bella Books in 2012 .
One of the four school leaders cited in the ad did at least acknowledge an email from The Advocate seeking comment . Troy Urdahl , the director of athletics for the St. Anthony-New Brighton Schools , has in fact received so much email as a result of this controversy that they have set up an automatic reply : “ Recent direct mailings and newspaper advertisements have created significant interest in a proposed MSHSL transgender participation policy . I have received significant feedback from both supporters and those opposed to this policy . Please know I will be able to review your email , but due to the volume of messagse [ sic ] received , it is not possible to reply all emails . I appreciate you taking the time to provide me with your perspective . ”
According to Minnesota Public Radio , the draft policy , which was expected to be approved by the Minnesota State High School League two months ago , dictated that “ a female-to-male transgender student who has started hormone treatment can only play on male teams . One who has n't can play on either team . A male-to-female student must provide evidence of testosterone suppression therapy . The shower policy requires school districts ( when possible ) to provide private shower and changing facilities to any student athlete who requests them . It also bars school districts from revealing that a student athlete is a transgender person . ”
The next meeting of the league is scheduled for Thursday , and the draft policy is again on the agenda for discussion . Star Tribune columnist Gail Rosenblum wrote back in October that the proposal was tabled so that , as league executive director Dave Stead said , the board could “ walk forward to get it right . ”
Brandon Harris leads LSU 's quarterback corps into battle this year , and we 're predicting Harris will finish as an All-SEC performer in our 2016 LSU quarterback breakdown .
According to legendary NFL head coach Bill Walsh , the position of quarterback is the most important one on a football field . Walsh said that a QB is simultaneously head engineer and manager of a team .
Quarterbacks have also been called extensions of the coach and likened to battlefield generals , commodities traders , and head surgeons . Regardless of what occupation one may associate with them , both casual fans and experts recognize that having a great player under center is integral to a team 's success .
Thus—it is only fitting to begin positional previews of the upcoming 2016 LSU Tigers season by analyzing the current quarterback corps .
We outsourced the dissemination of our products to publishers In the course of # 1 , we have ceased to see our libraries as the obvious custodians of said products .
Experiments generate raw data Software helps evaluate the data The evaluated data is presented to the scientific community in a publication
Apparently , Slideshare does n't offer old embed codes any more ...
{ TAGS } Posted on Thursday 18 October 2012 - 21:28:48 comment : 0 { TAGS }
A recent flurry of posts and discussions prompted me to summarize a connected set of issues that I have n't really seen covered simultaneously elsewhere . I do n't doubt everyone 's aware of the issues , I just have n't seen anyone make the case that all the following three issues are related and , ultimately , have the same cause and thus , the same potential solution.The astonishing gall with which corporate publishers strangle research and teaching institutions worldwide , even in the face of drastic cuts to said institutions budget is not a white gauntlet but a fist in the face of every taxpayer , paired with a big , raised middle finger . And yet , little is happening to make sure not more tax funds are being siphoned into the pockets of corporate CEOs and their shareholders . As outrageous and infuriating as such corporate behavior is , it is but merely a symptom of a wider infrastructure crisis in the sciences we have brought upon ourselves . Two factors have critically contributed to this crisis : As a consequence , we now hardly know who is running our libraries , what services they provide or where they are physically located . One reason why publishers are allowed to strangle our libraries is because we do n't see them ( the libraries ) as parts of our institutions any more . We do n't seem to part of the same team any more . Any attack on libraries should be seen as an attack on us , meaning the entire institution.What are the products libraries are supposed to be the custodians of ? To answer this question , one only needs to look at what we do . Experimental science ( and the following will be , of course , different in different fields ) generally proceeds today in three main steps : Thus , today , scientists generate three types of 'products ' : data , software and publications . At a survey in 2007 , there were more than 1300 databases containing raw data in the realm of biology alone . Many if not most of these databases face funding problems , as it is comparatively easy to obtain funding to start a new database project , but much harder to fund the maintenance of the database . Why is it not the most natural and obvious thing to store our data with our institutions ? If we would n't donate billions every year to publishers , we would have more than enough funds to run all databases many times over.To my knowledge , there is no central place where one can efficiently search for scientific software . We have deposited our software for a recent project on sourceforge . This site contains both the software for data acquisition and for evaluation . I imagine many other colleagues post their software on similar sites , if they make their software available at all . Why is it not the most natural and obvious thing to store our software with our institutions ? ﻿ If we would n't donate billions every year to publishers , we would have more than enough funds to run all software repositories many times over.﻿ On top of that , we 'd be able to continuously modernize and update the resulting infrastructure.To me , publishing is the most annoying component of my work . In fact , it 's the deep frustration and anger associated with publishing our work which fuels my motivation to try and contribute at least a little to publishing reform . Why is it not the most natural and obvious thing to store our publications with our institutions ? ﻿ If we would n't donate billions every year to publishers , we would have more than enough funds to run all journals on this planet and have plenty of funds left for data and software repositories.﻿ On top of that , we 'd be able to continuously modernize and update the resulting infrastructure and incorporate links between data , software and literature , such that one could , for instance ﻿click on a figure in a paper , specify different parameters and visualize the data differently than the authors did . This is technically trivial today and used , e.g . on the website of Reed Elsevier to visualize their financial developments . Why does Reed Elsevier use this technology on their website , but we ca n't use it in our publications ? On top of the infrastructure crisis we face with our dysfunctional publication system , we also face two more crises , those of data and software . Tragically , by outsourcing not just the service of publishing , but simultaneously also the rights to our products , we have paved the way for the two more modern crises . We do n't see libraries as the obvious place for our products any more and this has proved to be a pernicious development . It is time we bring the fruits of our labor back into our control and create a thriving market for services around our products . All of our products have been funded by the taxpayer and must be freely accessible and re-usable for every taxpayer . It is of course more than just ethically justifiable to spend tax funds to increase the efficiency of this dissemination and re-use , specifically if the market is healthy and competitive . But the fruits of our labor themselves need to be fully under our own control and not under that of for-profit corporations , often with diametrically opposed interests from the general public that supported our work to begin with.The general gist of this post was presented in my keynote address at this year 's open access days in Vienna , Austria :
Chief strategist Stuart Stevens argued that the race is actually trending for Romney . Romney abruptly shifts strategy
Mitt Romney , sensing an opening in the Middle East mess and catching flak from conservatives for giving too little detail about their policy plans , is rolling out a new and broader strategy to make the election a referendum on “ status quo versus change , ” chief strategist Stuart Stevens told POLITICO .
The shift , which is to include much more emphasis on Romney 's policy prescriptions , means they are scrapping the most basic precept of their campaign . From the time they began contemplating running again after their loss in the 2008 primaries , Romney 's theory of the case has been a relentless and nearly exclusive focus on the listless economy .
Story Continued Below
( Also on POLITICO : Inside the campaign : How Mitt stumbled )
But with polls showing Obama for the first time moving clearly ahead in important swing states— most notably , Ohio—Romney advisers concluded they had to make a painful course correction .
Stevens said the economy is likely to remain “ the dominant focus ” of the campaign . But ads and speeches will focus on a wider array of issues , including foreign policy , the threat from China , debt and the tone in Washington .
Stevens said the big , unifying question will be : “ Can we do better on every front ? ”
On Monday , Romney unveiled a new ad , “ The Romney Plan , ” that punches back at Obama 's consistent emphasis on growing the economy for the middle class , and emphasizes what the Republican would do .
“ My plan is to help the middle class , ” Romney says in the ad . “ Trade has to work for America . That means crack down on cheaters like China . It means open up new markets . ”
A second Romney ad out Monday , “ Failing American Families , ” is harsher , with a male narrator saying : “ Barack Obama : More spending . More debt . Failing American families . ”
The news ads are a concession to internal critics of the previous Romney ad series — 16 “ A Better Future ” ads , customized for nine swing states . Each begins with a clip of Romney at the convention , followed by a quick statistic arguing that Obama has failed that particular state , and ending with Romney 's plan to help the state ( defense in Colorado , home values in Florida , manufacturing in North Carolina ) .
Some Romney officials had argued that straight negative ads would be the only way to move numbers the way the campaign needs to .
Romney also plans to emphasize policy solutions when they speak Monday to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , in Los Angeles . “ I expected the president , at their convention , to talk about the unemployed and to unveil a jobs plan , ” Romney says in prepared remarks . “ Astonishingly , they did not . ”
Romney , badly losing the Hispanic vote to Obama , includes a pitch to improve “ legal immigration . ”
“ I will work with Republicans and Democrats to permanently fix our immigration system , ” they say . “ I believe we can all agree that what we need are fair and enforceable immigration laws that will stem the flow of illegal immigration , while strengthening legal immigration . ”
Arguing that Romney is doing better than many pundits recognize , Stevens said the Middle East unrest and continuing economic unease will help the Republican regain momentum and quiet the concerns among GOP insiders .
North Korea has demanded an apology from two Australian pranksters who masqueraded as pro-golfers and tricked officials into letting them play in an amateur golf tournament .
Morgan Ruig and Evan Shay were in China on a polo trip when they cut short their plans and entered the North Korean Amateur Golf Championships at the Pyongyang Golf complex .
Australian media is now reporting that an enraged North Korean government is demanding the pair return and apologise .
LUPINE TRAVEL FACEBOOK Morgan Ruig and Evan Shay lied their way into North Korea to play an amateur golf tournament .
`` We 've been told by the travel agent who arranged the trip that North Korea wants us to go back to make an official apology on live TV , '' Ruig told The Courier Mail .
READ MORE :
* What it 's really like to travel in North Korea
* NZ plane meant for Chinese ends up in North Korea
* Canadian couple document 'shocking ' trip to North Korea
* North Korea 's new plan to draw tourists
Ruig said they would not be returning to the authoritarian state after North Korean authorities reportedly contacted the travel agent who organised the trip .
`` Years of hard labour in a North ­Korean prison does n't exactly appeal , '' they said .
The 28-year-old faux-golfers said they got into the tournament after emailing an organiser .
They told Channel Ten 's The Project that their performance was so dismal a caddy said they 'd brought shame on their families .
Fake A9r rendering at SonyAlphaForum ( post your dream A9 renderings there ! ) .
This was a very busy rumor day and at moments even very confusing : ) Therefore this post to clear out things and spread the good news :
1 ) SR4 : Sony will announce the new A7II and the new 70-300mm F4.5-5.6 G SSM II A-mount lens within the next few days already !
2 ) SR4 : The Sony A7II succeeds the A7 camera ( uses the same 24MP sensor ) but comes with an impressive 5 axis stabilization taken with the Olympus E-M1 . Compared to the current A7 the A7II thicker ( due the different grip ) . Weights 100 gram more . The camera should be announced within the next days already !
3 ) SR5 : The A7II is not the “ PRO ” FE camera . The PRO FE camera is likely to be named A9 and will be announced and hit the stores the first half of 2015 . And it has a new generation sensor !
In short Sony appears to have managed to make the miracle to add 5 axis stabilization on the Full Frame E-mount cameras . And this is really big news ! Stay tuned on SAR as I think A7II pictures will be ( hopefully ) leaked soon . And here are the A7II and 70-300mm info via Digicameinfo :
A7II specs ( translated via Google ) :
– 24.3 million pixels FF sensor
– 5-axis in body stabilization ( same as the Olympus E-M1 )
– LCD monitor 3.0-inch 1.23 million dots . 107 degrees up , and tilt 41 degrees below
– EVF 0.5-inch 2.36 million dots
– ISO100-25600 ( extended with ISO50 ) . Video ISO200-25600
– The shutter speed is 30 seconds -1/8000 seconds
– 270 sheets at the number of possible shots EVF use . LCD monitor when using 350 sheets
– Continuous shooting 2.5 frames / sec . When speed priority continuous shooting 5 frames / sec .
– Video XAVC S , AVCHD , MP4
– The battery is NP-FW50
– The size of 126.9mm x 95.7mm x 59.7mm
– Weight 599g ( including battery and memory )
– Vertical position grip VG-C2EM ( sold separately )
– Media Memory Stick PRO Duo / PRO-HG Duo / XC-HG Duo , SD / SDHC / SDXC ( UHS-I compatible )
70-300mm F4.5-5.6 G SSM II A-mount specs ( translated via Google ) :
– New nano AR coating
– Improved Dynamic tracking AF performance
– Weatherproof design
– 16 lenses in 11 groups
– Filter diameter of 62mm
– A minimum focusing distance of 1.2m
– Maximum magnification is 0.25x
– Total length 135.5mm
– Maximum diameter 82.5mm
– Weight 750g
To not miss any of them quickly subscribe our social network :
RSS feed : https : //www.sonyalpharumors.com/feed/
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/sonyalpharumors
Twitter : https : //twitter.com/SonyAlphaRumors
GooglePlus : https : //plus.google.com/104216500156717934391/posts
And if you have some “ rumor ” to share just send me an anonymous messages here :
[ contact-form-7 404 `` Not Found '' ]
Reminder ( SR = Sonyrumor ) :
SR1=probably fake rumor
SR2=rumor from unknown sources
SR3=50 % chance it is correct
SR4=rumor from known sources
SR5=almost certainly correct !
Hot : The full Black Friday deals can be seen on at that Amazon US page ( Click here to see the long list ) .
( CNN ) -- The foreign affairs chief for the European Union said Saturday the alliance is committed to Palestinian statehood and to improving the situation in Gaza .
Catherine Ashton met in Ramallah , West Bank , Saturday with Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad .
Ashton confirmed the EU 's strong commitment to both the Palestinian Authority and to a `` democratic and viable Palestinian state . '' Statehood is `` critical '' for any lasting peace in the region , they said .
Ashton announced the allocation of 40 million euros ( $ 52 million ) in direct financial support from the EU to the Palestinian Authority . They said that the EU will consider further financial support in a few months .
They called on Israel to fully implement its revised policy toward Gaza , announced in the wake of public outcry over a deadly incident involving pro-Palestinian activists last month . They said the new policy -- which would allow more goods into Gaza -- was necessary to improve the lives of people in Gaza .
Ashton also announced the launch of a joint recovery program which aims to support private sector development in Gaza territory in order to revitalize the economy . Ashton called on Palestinians to overcome their differences in order to build their own state and said they would like to see the Palestinian Authority return to Gaza .
Ashton travels to Gaza Sunday , where they will meet with officials from the United Nations Relief and Works Agency . Ashton is also expected to tour several areas that were hit hard during Israel 's conflict with Hamas in late 2008 and early 2009 .
One of those stops will be at a refugee camp school that human rights activists say was hit by white phosphorus shells , fired by Israeli forces , during the conflict . Israel denies that white phosphorus was used .
Ashton is in the Middle East for a three-day visit . They will leave the region on Monday . Them trip corresponds with a visit by U.S. envoy George Mitchell , who is pushing for Israeli-Palestinian direct peace talks .
Mitchell met Saturday with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat and other Palestinian officials . The meeting comes a day after Mitchell talked with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .
After a # FireColbert movement swept this internet this week , it looks like one very unlikely person declined to join the protest .
Fox News anchor Sean Hannity took to Twitter defending Colbert 's right to make their controversial joke about Donald Trump on Monday night .
' I will NOT support # FireColbert . I am vs ALL BOYCOTTS . They are a horrible human being , but if u do n't like them change the channel , ' they wrote .
Sean Hannity backed Stephen Colbert 's controversial joke about Donald Trump this week , tweeting that they 'will not support # FireColbert '
While they did n't go so far as to compliment the liberal host , Hannity wrote : ' I am vs ALL BOYCOTTS '
What started the initial fervor was Colbert 's unfortunate choice of words during their monologue on The Late Show .
Referring to Trump , they said : 'You talk like a sign language gorilla who got hit in the head .
'In fact , the only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin 's c * * k holster . '
Some viewers branded the joke 'homophobic , ' and FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a Thursday interview that the agency had received ' a number of complaints ' about the joke and would investigate the incident for a violation of standards .
'So , as we get complaints , and we 've gotten a number of them , we are going to take the facts that we find and we are going to apply the law as it 's been set out by the Supreme Court and other courts and we 'll take the appropriate action , ' they said .
' I have jokes , they have the launch codes . So , it 's a fair fight , ' Colbert said about Trump and the backlash on their Wednesday show
Pai indicated that any penalty would likely come in the form of a fine .
'Traditionally , the agency has to decide , if it does find a violation , what the appropriate remedy should be . A fine , of some sort , is typically what we do , ' they said .
The Late Show airs at 11.35pm during the 'safe harbor ' period in which stations are allowed to air 'indecent ' or 'profane ' material between 10pm and 6am under FCC guidelines .
However , broadcast standards laws prohibit airing 'obscene ' material at any time , a legal term referring to prurient sexual content lacking any serious literary , artistic , political , or scientific value .
During their Wednesday show , shortly after Hannity 's tweet , Colbert addressed the controversy .
'Welcome to The Late Show . I 'm your host , Stephen Colbert . Still ? I am still the host ? I 'm still the host !
' I have jokes , they have the launch codes . So , it 's a fair fight , ' they added .
Selfies became all the rage in the early part of the century , when smartphones with forward-facing cameras first hit the market . And their popularity has been explosive ; last year , some 24 billion selfies were uploaded to Google Photos .
But this trend has been accompanied by a more tragic one . In 2014 , 15 people died while taking a selfie ; in 2015 this rose to 39 , and in 2016 there were 73 deaths in the first eight months of the year . That 's more selfie deaths than deaths due to shark attacks .
That raises an interesting question—how are these people dying , and is there a way to prevent these kinds of accidents ?
Today , we get an answer of sorts thanks to the work of Hemank Lamba at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh and a few friends . They 've studied the nature of selfie deaths and have begun the tricky task of finding a way to warn people when the process of taking a selfie could be dangerous .
Their work begins by assembling a data set of selfie deaths by scouring newspapers reports from around the world . They define a selfie death as “ a death of an individual or a group of people that could have been avoided had the individual ( s ) not been taking a selfie . ”
To ensure that the reports are reputable , they look only at newspaper websites that are in the top 5,000 global sites ranked by Alexa or within the top 1,000 in a specific country . “ The earliest article reporting a selfie death that we were able to collect was published in March 2014 , ” say Lamba and co .
In this way , the team found 127 selfie deaths . They then went through each report to determine the location , the reason for the death , and the number of people who died .
That produced a small database of selfie death facts . It turns out that most deaths occurred in India—76 of them , more than half of the total , and a number that dwarfs the death toll in other countries . The next highest were nine deaths in Pakistan , eight in the U.S. , and six in Russia .
The team also found that the most common cause of death was falling from a height . This reflects the penchant for people taking selfies at the edge of cliffs , at the top of tall structures , and so on .
Water also accounts for a large number of deaths . And a significant number involve water and heights—things like jumping into the sea from a height and so on .
Interestingly , in India , trains feature significantly as a cause of selfie death . “ This trend caters to the belief that posing on or next to train tracks with their best friend is regarded as romantic and a sign of never-ending friendship , ” they say .
Another feature is the significant proportion of selfie deaths in the U.S. and Russia caused by weapons . “ This might be a consequence of the open gun laws in both the countries , ” the team suggests .
Lamba and co then attempt to identify signs that could indicate that a selfie may be risky . Their goal is to build an app that warns people if selfie deaths have occurred nearby or if their selfie activity might otherwise be risky .
They do this by looking for patterns in the selfie death data set and then use this to train a machine-learning algorithm to spot similar patterns in other selfies downloaded from Twitter . For example , a selfie taken at a local high point might indicate danger , as might one taken close to train tracks .
Their test involves feeding their algorithm with some 3,000 other selfies posted to Twitter and asking it to judge whether the images involved dangerous activity . The team claims an accuracy of over 70 percent .
Clearly , the researchers have some way to go before they can build a selfie death warning system . But it is a worthy goal , particularly in India , where selfie deaths are more common than in other parts of the world . Just why this is so would be worth investigating in itself .
What is it about Indian selfie culture that makes it so much more dangerous than in other parts of the world ? Perhaps that 's something for Lamba and co to investigate in future work .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1611.01911 : Me , Myself and My Killfie : Characterizing and Preventing Selfie Deaths
The number one complaint the Swiss watch industry has had toward the most current crop of smartwatches is that they are n't attractive by European design standards – and that even applies to the Apple Watch . Jean-Claude Biver went so far as to suggest that , given their standards , the Apple Watch looks as though it was designed by a student . So if the best breed of smartwatch yet ( even though it has n't even been released at this time ) does n't pass Swiss watch industry muster , what would a smartwatch design by Switzerland 's old guard look like ?
One thing we know all too well is that the Swiss watch industry is all about tradition . It can be safely assumed that a smartwatch that looks into the future , may very well also look into the past . So for this edition of Watch What-If , we propose three possible Swiss smartwatches from popular taste-making brands . Here , we have conceptually connected digital timepieces from Jaeger-LeCoultre , Panerai , and Franck Muller by our artist Niklas Bergenstjerna . They have designed mock-ups that we personally would want to wear , and they even proposed names for each .
Jaeger-LeCoutlre Reverso Red Pill Smartwatch
Keeping it simple and stylish is part of the Jaeger-LeCoultre personality . We think the Reverso design is very well suited for a transformation into a smartwatch . Maybe a mechanical watch on the other side ? The dial is digital so that it will be completely blacked out when the watch is not in use . The red slider at the bottom can work as a switch for the dial , and at the same time light up and give alerts when you have new messages or calls . A rubber strap to match the smartwatch image .
Panerai Luminor Venturo Smartwatch Concept
The idea was , with this Panerai , change the big “ crown-chunk ” on the right side into a mechanical slide function with a thumb grip where the OP-logo is located . It might even function as an on/off switch . There is a camera lens between “ SWISS ” and “ MADE. ” Oh , and we made the small icons above the camera from scratch . We wanted something in a Panerai minimalistic style , but in a matte black ceramic case . We gave the watch a thick rubber strap with a noticeable grain to give it kind of rugged feel , but still keeping the “ smartwatch ” look that we think rubber straps give . The social media icons are dimmed out , but will light up when new messages arrive .
Franck Muller 3D Punk Smartwatch
Speaker in the upper side of the tonneau-shaped Franck Muller case in 18k rose gold . A thin LED light with a “ vintage light bulb look ” at the botton of the case . Light flashing when receiving new calls or messages . A 3D dial with added depth to make the watch appear less flat than other smartwatches/digital watches.Rubber strap with stripes to match the speaker design and the small stripes inside the LED light .
Niklas Bergenstjerna is a freelance graphic designer and watch lover based in the south of Sweden . niklex.com
Installation of new powerline technology to cut bushfire risk , Victorian Government says
Posted
New technology aimed at dramatically reducing the risk of bushfires caused by powerlines will be installed across parts of Victoria 's distribution network , after a successful trial .
Powerlines have been blamed for causing some of the devastating bushfires on Black Saturday , including the Kilmore East blaze which claimed 119 lives .
The technology , which works by reducing the electrical current running through a power line when it comes in contact with either the ground or a fallen tree , was trialled at Kilmore earlier this year .
The Rapid Earth Fault Current Limiter has been adapted from technology used overseas in underground cable networks .
The point is , it will save lives , it is a very small cost for the potential to avoid the terrible life and death situation that Victorians were confronted with in 2009 Lily D'Ambrosio , Victorian Minister for Energy
Victoria 's Energy Minister Lily D'Ambrosio said the trial showed it significantly reduced the fire risk .
`` We know that through the trials we 've been running , we can reduce by 10 times the likelihood of a bushfire starting from a high-voltage powerline , '' they said .
The Victorian Government has released regulations requiring power distributors in high risk areas to install the technology for consultation , before legislation will be introduced next year .
`` These will be targeted in areas of the highest bushfire danger , '' they said .
`` It wo n't be right across the state , we will be targeting the areas most in need of it , where we know faulty powerlines actually caused the Black Saturday fires to start .
`` That 's the purpose of this , it 's bushfire related and it 's a direct result of one of the key recommendations of the royal commission that came out of the 2009 bushfires . ''
Ms D'Ambrosio said the technology would take seven years to roll out , and add a `` no more than 1 per cent '' increase to a typical power bill annually .
`` The point is , it will save lives , it is a very small cost for the potential to avoid the terrible life and death situation that Victorians were confronted with in 2009 , '' they said .
Topics : fires , disasters-and-accidents , bushfire , government-and-politics , state-parliament , parliament , energy , science-and-technology , kilmore-3764 , vic
Texas Governor Greg Abbott is pushing for the introduction of stronger penalties for crimes against police officers and extend hate crime protections to cops through their Police Protection Act , they revealed Monday .
The proposed law would make it a hate crime if someone acts criminally against a cop out of bias against police . It would also increase penalties for all crimes against law enforcement regardless of whether it falls under the label of hate crime .
Texas is saying no more . Announced the Police Protection Act to stand with those who serve & protect our communities https : //t.co/eLZzNgbDfe — Gov . Greg Abbott ( @ GovAbbott ) July 18 , 2016
An assault on an officer , which is currently a third degree felony , in line with assaults on other public servants , would be bunked up to a second degree felony under the proposed legislation .
Republican Governor Abbott 's bill comes in the wake of the fatal shootings of five police officers in Dallas , Texas earlier this month and a surge , generally , in violence against police .
READ MORE : ‘ Striking that killing of US police officers happened in Southern states '
Three more police officers were killed in Baton Rouge , Louisiana Sunday , less than two weeks after police in the area shot dead 37-year-old Alton Sterling . Their killing , which was captured on video , along with the police shooting of Philando Castille triggered protests and subsequent violence against the force .
The Louisiana flag has been added to the mansion in support of # BatonRougepic.twitter.com/OE0OWFNJuf — Gov . Greg Abbott ( @ GovAbbott ) July 18 , 2016
“ While our state and the nation continue to mourn the heroes lost in Dallas , it is time for us to unite as Texans to say no more , ” Governor Abbott said in a statement .
“ The men and women in uniform risk their lives every day to protect the public , and it is time we show them the State of Texas has their back . Texas will no longer tolerate disrespect for those who serve , and it must be made clear to anyone targeting our law enforcement officials that their actions will be met with severe justice , ” they continued .
Texas Gov . Abbott announces Police Protection Act that 'd made it hate crime to attack cops out of anti-police bias pic.twitter.com/KVLCiP45mY — Oliver Darcy ( @ oliverdarcy ) July 18 , 2016
Abbott also proposed launching a campaign to educate young Texans on the value police officers bring to their communities and foster a culture of respect for the force .
The bill has been praised by a number of law enforcement organizations across the state including the Texas , Houston and Dallas police associations as well as the Sheriff 's Association of Texas .
Our Texas lawmakers must step up and protect our officers ... https : //t.co/wbWjYuND8D — Dallas Police Assoc ( @ DPA_PoliceAssoc ) July 18 , 2016
“ Every Texas Sheriff feels this should be a precedent for the leadership in other states to follow , and we support our Governor , ” said Grimes County Sheriff and President of the Sheriff 's Association of Texas , Donald Sowell .
I look forward to supporting @ GregAbbott_TX 's Police Protection Act . The # txlege must stand by law enforcement https : //t.co/UpncVbhg0z — Matt Shaheen ( @ MattShaheen ) July 18 , 2016
Governor Abbott signed the Texas Open Carry Bill for Concealed Handgun Holders , which became effective from the start of this year , into law last June .
READ MORE : Right to ‘ bare ' arms : Open carry to become legal in Texas
They have been a vocal critic of President Obama 's proposals on gun control even posting a defiant tweet last January in response to Obama 's plans for executive actions on firearms .
Abbott will seek to pass their Police Protection Act in next year 's legislative session .
Holidaymakers were forced to endure a terrifying two-hour flight alongside a migrant who repeatedly screamed ‘ Allahu Akbar ' and ‘ death is coming ' – as it emerged the Home Office is using budget airlines to deport illegal immigrants .
Children were reduced to tears and travellers feared a terror attack until it became clear that the handcuffed man was being guarded by Home Office officials .
But there was no official explanation from the captain or crew as they kicked , thrashed about and threatened passengers and crew in an expletive-strewn tirade .
Click below to listen to the audio
It has emerged that budget airlines are being used by officials to deport illegal immigrants from Britain
In an extraordinary 11-minute audio recording made by a passenger sitting just yards away and obtained by The Mail on Sunday , the man screamed ‘ Allahu Akbar ' 29 times , ‘ death is coming ' 17 times , and ‘ we will die ' nine times .
The unidentified migrant , who was being deported to Venice , kept up the ‘ crude and threatening ' behaviour for nearly the entire length of the budget flight , according to those on board .
The presence of the disturbed man on easyJet flight EZY5263 from Gatwick to Venice on August 23 turned what should have been a routine trip into a nightmare .
Ironically , rather than calming worried passengers , easyJet cabin crew ordered passengers to delete videos and pictures of the man they had taken on mobile phones .
Passengers were left terrified by the threats made by the handcuffed man on the plane
In a bid to control the deportee , one Home Office official crouched on their knees facing the man , with an arm on their shoulders , for much of the flight .
The man is thought to be a failed asylum seeker who had spent a year in a UK detention centre . They were being deported to Italy under the Dublin Regulation , which dictates that people must claim asylum in the first safe country they reach .
It is the first time a deportee has been reported to have disrupted a budget commercial flight to Europe . The Home Office spends about £30 million a year on returning illegal immigrants and foreign criminals to their home countries . It charters private jets and pays for individual seats on commercial flights .
Last night , a couple who were travelling on the flight on the way to their honeymoon destination revealed how they feared for their lives . Lucy and Terence O'Sullivan , from Detling , Kent , were sitting only five rows in front of the man , who was positioned at the back of the plane , with officials either side of him .
Mrs O'Sullivan , 33 , a carer , said : ‘ It was really scary . I felt threatened . I was tearful . The worst-case scenario was that we were n't going to get off that plane alive because we did n't know who the person was , what the circumstances were or anything . There was nothing explained to us . It was very daunting .
‘ When we got on board , the seats were moving so they were obviously kicking or thrashing out . I thought someone was having a fit .
‘ But when we got up close we could see people were restraining him . '
As events unfolded without any official explanation , Mrs O'Sullivan even feared they could be victims of a terror attack .
‘ We did n't know whether they came from a group of terrorists , or anything along those lines , ' they said .
Lucy and Terrence O'Sullivan were left terrified by the threats made by the handcuffed man , who was being deported to Venice
‘ We did n't know if there would be people on the plane who knew they were going to be deported that were on their side and whether they were going to mount a terrorist attack to free this person . ' They said they thought to herself : ‘ We 've just got married – is this the last time we 're going to be together ? '
Mr O'Sullivan , 34 , a site auditor , added : ‘ It was pretty terrifying . I was thinking he 's somehow got explosives on to the plane and they do n't want to go through with it . I absolutely feared for my life . ' It was only later during the flight that fellow passengers explained the situation to the couple .
I was thinking he 's somehow got explosives on to the plane and they do n't want to go through with it . I absolutely feared for my life . Terence O'Sullivan
The migrant , believed to be of African origin , shouted and screamed constantly for the first half an hour of the flight and then sporadically thereafter . Passengers were not allowed to use the lavatory towards the rear of the plane where the deportee was seated in the back row . Italian police boarded the flight when it landed in Venice before anyone was allowed off and took the migrant away .
After complaining about the incident , easyJet told the couple , who had paid £348.68 for their return flights , that they were not eligible for a refund . Another passenger on the flight , who was with their wife , their two children , and their brother and sister-in-law and their three children , said their family had to endure the man 's ‘ crude and threatening ' language .
Last night easyJet apologised for the ‘ distressing ' incident and announced it was reviewing the circumstances with the Home Office . The company said : ‘ We acknowledge that on this occasion the situation onboard could have been distressing for other passengers and apologise for that .
‘ However , the safety of the flight was never compromised .
‘ We would not have carried the passenger had they displayed threatening behaviour prior to the flight , the captain would have diverted if any threat was made to the safety of the flight or passengers on board , and they were in the care of two officers escorting them on behalf of the Home Office for the duration of the flight .
‘ We are reviewing this case with the Home Office to see if lessons can be learned .
‘ EasyJet only received three complaints from customers on board this flight . '
This book is exactly what I needed . I have some experience using C and javascript , so I understand most programming concepts but I am unfamiliar with some specific stuff about java . Other books focus too much on teaching programming basics , while this book does a good job of balancing that with Java specific topics .
I am roughly 200 pages in so far and while a lot of the topics in the first few chapters are review , I have picked up some valuable tidbits for Java and I feel like I am getting a way better foundation for writing efficient code from this book than from any other course or book I have used .
As others have said , if you are COMPLETELY new to programming , I would probably avoid this book as it may seem like a bit much to you . BUT if you have even a little programming knowledge and want to get the best foundation for Java this book ca n't be beat !
If you are looking for a stream that is fun to watch , has good music , and has high elo players come watch the Orbit Gaming players Nientonsoh , Hai L9 and NubbyPoohBear Stream ! ! ! !
Nientonsoh plays AD Carry for the team and is currently ranked # 1 on NA Solo Que Ladder 2650+ ELO - Feel free to ask ANYTHING at all either in this thread or on stream chat , seriously , anything . -
http : //www.twitch.tv/nientonsoh
Status : Offline
Hai L9 plays Jungle for the team but , also plays other roles while in solo que 2450+ ELO . Come in for some good laughs or enjoyable music . Feel free to ask questions , always answers , uses webcam , and fun things between games ! !
http : //www.twitch.tv/hail9 ( http : //www.twitch.tv/hail9 )
Status : Live
NubbyPoohBear plays AP Carry for the team and is going to start streaming more now .
Reason to watch : Gets drunk at times , high ELO , active chat with people like the Cookie Monster and other cool people , lastly they wear a mutha freaking cat robe ! ! ! !
http : //www.twitch.tv/nubbypoohbear
Status : Offline
Check it out ! ! !
http : //www.twitch.tv/team/orbitgaming
Our team finished Top 8 at MLG Anaheim ! This was there first ever LAN , they played really great !
Since then we have won our last three tournaments in Leaguepedia , Go4LoL May Final and TSM Invitational # 4 . We consistently stream against other teams and even feature streams against teams from Asia such as TPA . So if you 're interested in seeing some awesome plays and just having fun please stop by .
Come watch them progress as players and as a team , looking forward to bringing more exciting games in the future .
The Peoria Rivermen and professional hockey will continue on next fall in central Illinois as a frenetic series of events Monday saw one era end and a new one begin .
The Vancouver Canucks notified the Peoria Civic Center they will not operate their American Hockey League farm club in Peoria next season , officially ending Peoria 's eight-year AHL run .
But within minutes after the Vancouver announcement , Bruce Saurs , the former longtime owner of the Rivermen , threw their support behind former Rivermen execs John Butler and Bart Rogers and a plan to bring pro hockey back to Peoria next fall .
The Peoria Rivermen and professional hockey will continue on next fall in central Illinois as a frenetic series of events Monday saw one era end and a new one begin .
The Vancouver Canucks notified the Peoria Civic Center they will not operate their American Hockey League farm club in Peoria next season , officially ending Peoria 's eight-year AHL run .
But within minutes after the Vancouver announcement , Bruce Saurs , the former longtime owner of the Rivermen , threw their support behind former Rivermen execs John Butler and Bart Rogers and a plan to bring pro hockey back to Peoria next fall .
Butler and Rogers , who manage Bloomington 's U.S. Cellular Coliseum , have applied for a Southern Professional Hockey League franchise for Peoria . They intend to keep the Rivermen team name -- which the St. Louis Blues never trademarked while they owned the team in the AHL .
The Bloomington Blaze , who played in the troubled Central Hockey League in 2012-13 , will join Peoria in the SPHL . Butler and Rogers will own both teams .
The SPHL is expected to approve franchises for both cities later this week .
`` I think it 's an idea that can work and they have my support 100 percent , '' Saurs said . `` I invested 20 years in building professional hockey in Peoria and we just ca n't stand by and see it die . So I want to help in any way I can .
`` We 're going to have a team . ''
The SPHL is a class-A pro league that had nine teams in 2012-13 , operating mainly in the south and southeast . Among those franchises are former ECHL cities like Augusta , Knoxville , Lafayette , La. , and Pensacola .
Butler and Rogers want to bring Peoria and Bloomington into that league as the foundation of a midwest division . It 's possible Quad Cities , St. Charles , Mo. , and other regional markets could follow .
`` We have applied for membership to the SPHL for Peoria and Bloomington and we are awaiting approval , '' said Butler , who was the Rivermen team president under Saurs during Peoria 's ECHL era . `` We are reuniting with old friends and partnerships , and we intend to operate both teams .
`` A great rivalry is being born between Peoria and Bloomington , and a new era of pro hockey will soon be underway . ''
Saurs will serve as an advisor and ambassador in Peoria , where they have been offered an office space with the incoming team .
David Holt , who served as team president for Bloomington 's pro hockey team in the Central Hockey League last season , will oversee the daily operations for both Peoria and Bloomington SPHL teams .
Rogers says the group is close to a reaching a lease agreement for the Rivermen with the Peoria Civic Center .
`` We wanted to wait for Peoria 's business with Vancouver and the AHL to run its course , wait to see if the Canucks were staying before we said anything , '' Rogers said . `` We wanted to be prepared as an alternative in the event Peoria needed us .
`` We 're excited to have this opportunity . The history and the traditions of the Rivermen are important to Peoria fans , and we are determined to protect those and make sure the game continues on in central Illinois . ''
The Canucks bought the former Peoria Rivermen team in March from the St. Louis Blues , and did have some meetings with the Civic Center about keeping the team on the ice at Carver Arena for 2013-14 .
Vancouver wants to relocate its AHL farm team to Abbotsford , B.C. , but that city has six years left on a 10-year lease agreement with the Calgary Flames , who have declined to vacate .
Monday was the AHL deadline for NHL teams to declare where , or if , they intend to operate their farm teams in the 2013-14 season .
The Canucks , still searching for a solution , were granted a 30-day extension from the AHL , according to a Vancouver Sun report late Monday night .
Dave Eminian covers the Rivermen for the Journal Star . Reach them at 686-3206 or deminian @ pjstar.com . Follow them on Twitter @ icetimecleve .
Ok , I have a confession to make .
I have spent almost my whole life– 31 years– caring far too much about offending people , worrying if I 'm cool enough for them , or asking myself if they are judging me .
I ca n't take it anymore . It 's stupid , and it 's not good for my well being . It has made me a punching bag– a flighty , nervous wuss . But worse than that , it has made me someone who does n't take a stand for anything . It has made me someone who stood in the middle , far too often , and not where I cared to stand , for fear of alienating others . No more . Not today .
Today , ladies and gentlemen , is different .
We 're going to talk about the cure . We 're going to talk about what 's necessary . We 're going to talk about the truth .
Do you wonder if someone is talking shit about you ? Whether your friends will approve ? Have you become conflict-avoidant ? Spineless ?
Well , it 's time you started not giving a fuck .
FACT NUMBER 1 . People are judging you right now .
Yes , it 's really happening right at this moment . Some people do n't like you , and guess what ? There 's nothing you can do about it . No amount of coercion , toadying , or pandering to their interests will help . In fact , the opposite is often true ; the more you stand for something , the more they respect you , whether it 's grudgingly or not .
What people truly respect is when you draw the line and say “ you will go no further. ” They may not like this behaviour , but so what ? These are people do n't like you anyway , why should you attempt to please people who do n't care for you in the first place ?
Right . Then , there 's Internet trolls . That 's a whole other thing .
Regular people are fine– you do n't actually hear it when they 're talking behind your back . But on the web , you do see it , which changes the dynamic drastically . They have an impact because they know you have your vanity searches , etc . But the real problem with Internet haters is that they confirm your paranoid delusion that everyone out there secretly hates you .
Thankfully , that 's not actually true . So the first noble truth is that most people do n't even care that you 're alive . Embrace this , my friends , for it is true freedom . The world is vast and you are small , and therefore you may do as you wish and cast your thoughts of those who dislike it to the side .
FACT NUMBER 2 . You do n't need everyone to like you .
This stuff is crazy , I know , but it 's cool , you 'll get used to it . Here 's the next thing : not only do most people not know that you exist , and some are judging you , but it totally does not matter even if they are .
How liberating this is may not even hit you yet , but it will . Check this out : when people do n't like you , nothing actually happens . The world does not end . You do n't feel them breathing down your neck . In fact , the more you ignore them and just go about your business , the better off you are .
You know when they say “ the best revenge is a life well lived ” ? Well , this is true , but it is n't the whole truth . A life well lived is great , yes , but it can not happen while you are sweating about who your detractors are and what they think . What you have to do , what you have no choice but to do , is accept it and move on .
So not giving a fuck is actually a necessary precedent to create a good life for yourself . It ca n't happen without it . That 's why you have to begin today .
FACT NUMBER 3 . It 's your people that matter .
Ok , so you 've adjusted to the fact that most people in the world are barely aware of your existence , and you 're also conscious of the fact that those who do n't like you are in the obscenely small minority and do n't actually matter . Awesome . Next you need to realize that the people who do care about you , and no one else , are those you need to focus on .
Relationships are weird . Once we 're in one ( with family , a spouse , whatever ) , we promptly begin to take the other person for granted and move on to impressing strangers instead– say , our boss . Then , once we 've impressed our boss , we start taking them for granted too , and so on , in an endless cycle of apathy . It 's like we always prefer to impress and charm the new than to work on what we already have .
But these people– your champions– they understand your quest or your cause . They make you feel good when you 're around them , make you laugh or make you feel like you can just be yourself . They make you feel relaxed or at ease . You 've shared things with them . They 're important . Focus on them instead .
FACT NUMBER 4 . Those who do n't give a fuck change the world . The rest do not .
So I 'm reading this horrible book right now by Stephen King called the Long Walk . It 's a contest where people walk without sleeping or resting , and if they do stop , they are killed . ( That 's actually every Stephen King book– “ there 's a clown , but it kills ! ” “ There 's a car , but it kills ! ” etc . )
I suspect this book is a metaphor for war , but it also captures perseverance very well . What it takes to move past anything is to simply realize that your obstacle is unimportant , and that it can be dismissed . This is true whether you 're running a marathon or trying to get to Mars .
If you dismiss the things that do not matter ; if you remove those things from your mind and focus on what must be done ; if you understand that your time is limited and decide to work now ; only then will you be able to get to the finish line . Otherwise , you will be dissuaded into living a life you are n't interested in .
Side note : You need to handle failure and obscurity better . You may be in a tough place right now where you feel lonely or like a loser . No worries , we 've all been there . But it 's time for you to realize how common these things are , and that they 're experienced by even the most successful and happiest people in the world . Those people get past them , and you will too .
The eye is watching
You want to know something ? This actually has nothing to do with anyone else . It has everything to do with you .
I had a discussion with Jonathan Fields the other week that was about the use of swearing ( and “ true voice ” ) on blogs . I watched them on a Skype video as we did this , and I could actually pinpoint the moment where they were about to say “ fuck ” but almost stopped himself . It was amazing . So I called them out on it . “ You felt it just now , did n't you ? ”
Everyone has an internetal eye . It 's always watching . It has been slowly constructed by society at large and by your friends and family , and it checks you for unacceptable behaviour . If you have had it around for long enough , you actually start to believe that the eye is you , and that you 're “ being reasonable ” or some other rationalization .
But the eye is n't you at all . It is a prison , and you have justified its existence by obeying it . It 's strong because you let it be strong .
But the secret , the part that 's amazing , is that it ca n't do anything to stop you , even if it wanted to . It 's an eye . It can only watch . The rest of you is free to act as you wish .
How to get back your self-respect in five easy steps
STEP 1 . Do things that you consider embarrassing .
My girlfriend and I have been breaking in Vibram Fivefingers in preparation for the massive walk we are doing . Have you ever seen these shoes ? They 're amazing for you knees and give you no blisters , but they are the ugliest thing imaginable . Yesterday , I wore them with a sweet bowtie I put on for Easter . I looked like a crazy person .
As I said at the beginning of this post , I am deeply aware and can become quite upset by people 's judgment– I think a lot of people are , but do n't admit it . But as I walked by people in my techno-clown outfit , not a single person looked at me . Nobody cared , and it slowly dawned on me that even if people did look at me weird , they just walked by . Later , they would forget about me entirely .
You must try this . Find your internal filters and break them , one at a time . Notice how society , like an ocean , smoothes over the waves you make , until what you do gets eliminated , or becomes the status quo . Work with this .
STEP 2 . Accept , or deal with , awkwardness .
It 's widely known that interviewers get their best material by being quiet and allowing silence to force words out of a politician or celebrity .
You may be uncomfortable with silence . I know I still am . But I have been working on it and have to say that it is a much more serene state to be in than trying to cover it up with random babbling just to fill up the air . This is one type of awkwardness , a kind that you should feel comfortable about and learn to live with .
Another kind of social awkwardness is this in-between space where you might have done something wrong or been wronged , but do n't say anything . I 've been given a few harsh lessons in my time and come away realizing that the freedom that comes from talking about an uncomfortable truth is better than the comfort of avoiding that talk altogether .
Someone told me recently that the Clintons ' method for earning respect in politics is this : if someone pushes you , push back twice as hard . This is much better than awkwardness . It 's clear , it 's not passive aggressive , and you know where you stand . Start doing this immediately .
STEP 3 . Refuse boundaries .
This video was taken in 1970 , right when the Front de Libération du Québec had killed Premier Pierre Laporte and put their body in the trunk of a car . Trudeau 's “ Just watch me ” is one of the most famous phrases in Canadian political history . The journalists are trying to trap them into choosing on-camera between a safety/police-state and civil liberties/freedom but Trudeau refuses their boxes .
The Liberal Party of Canada no longer has any balls , but for us , there 's still hope . Walk where you want to walk . Do n't accept false choices . Do n't let people dictate how you should live your life . Definitely do n't listen to the eye .
STEP 4 . Tell the truth .
You do n't need to be an asshole , but the world does not need another conflict-avoidant , evasive person . No one wants another individual who steps in line with everyone else . The status quo is doing fine without you , so it 's up to you to call bullshit if you see it .
Do n't mind-read either . Telling the truth means seeing the truth , not adding your own layer of sugar coating or suspected emotion on top of it .
STEP 5 . Begin your new life .
This step ca n't happen without the others , but once you 've gotten here , you can safely begin to explore a whole new world– one where anything you do is fine as long as it is n't seriously hurting anyone else . Wan na explore old abandoned buildings ? No problem , as long as you 're ready to live with the consequences . Feel like hanging from hooks or get whipped by a dominatrix ? Go ahead , but be safe about it .
Once you begin on this path , you start to discover that practically everyone is capable of understanding the weird things that you do . In fact , it makes you interesting and worth paying attention to , further feeding into your plans of world domination , should you have any .
But none of this fun can happen without you recognizing , and walking past , the eye . Doing this is a powerful act of control which builds momentum and makes you strong .
Take back your self respect . Do it today– try it right now . Wear something ugly . Do something stupid . Tell someone the truth .
It does n't fucking matter .
Originally published in 2011 on my blog , here .
Norwich City are about to enter the race to sign Chesterfield ` s highly rated midfielder , Sam Clucas according to HITC Sport .
“ Sources close to the player ” have told HITC that Norwich are about to make a bid for the 24yr old who can also play at left back ( ? ) and did just that last season on several occasions for the Spireites .
They scored a rather underwhelming 12 goals in 49 appearances last term but I suppose if they were playing at left back then that would limit their goal scoring opportunities . The report suggests that Wigan has already been knocked back after offering an initial £700k plus a further £300k in performance based add-ons .
Clucas was released by Lincoln City in the summer of 2010 . In August 2010 , having successfully attended trials at Bisham Abbey , they were handed a two-year scholarship at the Glenn Hoddle Academy in Spain with the move also enabling them to turn out for Jerez Industrial . They signed for Hereford United in November 2011 after a trial period .
The player signed for Chesterfield just 12 months ago from Mansfield on a three year deal and Norwich are reportedly about to bid £1.5m for the 24yr old .
I ` m prepared to give anyone a chance and always reserve judgement until I ` ve seen a player in the flesh but this is decidedly uninspiring speculation .
OTBC
Rarity is about 19 '' tall , and made from white , purple and amethyst Minky , with machine embroidered eyes and cutie marks . Them forelock , mane and tail contain vinyl-coated wire in order to give their hair its curl . I considered sewing their forelock and mane to their head and neck to keep the curly part in place , which would ( perhaps ) have looked more accurate , but I decided that keeping them loose allowed for someone to play with/re-position the curls , if desired . More fun that way , right ? This is my first Rarity , and I think I like how they came out . Them hair is more of a challenge than most ponies , because it 's literally impossible to make it look just like the show . Them tail is always seen from the same side , no matter which side is facing ... if that makes sense . Them forelock has similar issues . The one side just does n't jive with the other as she 's depicted in the show . Still , challenges are fun ! Fun fact : When stretched , Rarity 's tail is as long as Fluttershy 's -- at least the way I make them.Rarity is for sale on eBay : www.ebay.com/itm/252138680184 ? …
Matthew David Yarnell , 26 , of New Jersey , was the 1,640 victims identified in the World Trade Center attacks . View Full Caption Robert Giroux/Getty Images
MANHATTAN — A New Jersey executive of technology at a Wall Street financial firm was identified Thursday as the latest victim of the 9/11 attacks , the Medical Examiner 's office announced Thursday .
Matthew David Yarnell , 26 , of Jersey City , N.J. , became the 1,640 victims identified in the World Trade Center disaster in 2001 .
Yarnell worked as an assistant vice president for the technical group of the Fiduciary Trust Co. and was remembered as a prankster who used to call their mother as a salesperson trying to sell their random products , according to the New York Times .
The Medical Examiner identified Yarnell after they retested DNA samples from remains recovered during the recovery efforts in 2001 to 2002 . There 's still 1,113 victims from the attacks reported missing but have not been identified , the Medical Examiner said .
The remains of the unidentified victims were placed in a repository in the basement of the 9/11 Memorial Museum , which 17 families fought to stop in 2012 .
The repository is only accessible to workers from the Medical Examiner 's office , who periodically retest the DNA samples off-site to identify them , according to the 9/11 Memorial .
The top headlines today got me thinking back to 2008 . Back then , I was writing for VentureBeat , and we used to talk quite a bit internally about iPhone versus Android . Yes , even back then it was a hot debate . And yes , back then , I was obviously in the iPhone camp . And this annoyed those who saw the promise of Android . “ But Android will eventually become much larger than the iPhone , ” was the basic argument used against me . But it was n't really against me . Even back then , I would openly acknowledge that Android would eventually far surpass the iPhone in terms of units shipped . I mean , how could it not ?
And so Fortune 's headline today that “ 2011 will be the year Android explodes “ , has been a long time coming . In their article , Seth Weintraub brings up a number of excellent points about how exactly Android is poised to grow even faster in 2011 than it already did in 2010 . Though I suspect a number of their points paint too rosy a picture in terms of the outcome of such downward pressures on costs . I find it very hard to believe , for example , that the carriers ( in the U.S. , in particular ) wo n't find a way to screw us in 2011 . It 's an artform they 've perfected over the past two decades . But on paper , at least , it all sounds great .
Some , like venture capitalist Fred Wilson , think this expansion of Android is great news — for entrepreneurs and VCs , in particular . Others , like Robert Scoble , thinks this is bad news , because it means the higher-quality iPhone will fall . You might expect me to back Scoble here . But I 'm not going to . Well , not completely .
When I write about the iPhone or Android and the fandroids come out in full force , people often ask if this angers or annoys me . I find that funny . What do I care ? I have absolutely no skin in either game . I 'm an iPhone user because I prefer it over Android . I think it 's an overall better product . That 's why I use it . It really is that simple .
If there was an Android phone out there that I thought was better than the iPhone , I would use it . But I have n't found one yet .
So on one hand , the news that Android is going to explode in the market in 2011 actually gives me hope . More Android phones means more potential for a great one to emerge .
Further , I 've openly said numerous times that just about every Android device is at least 10,000 times better than any mobile device we had prior to 2007 . Sometimes it can be hard to think back to the pre-iPhone mobile world . But it really did suck — particularly in the United States . Before the iPhone , I had a Motorola RAZR running Verizon 's piece of shit very proprietary ( and very red ) software . I was trying to come up with a better descriptive phrase than “ piece of shit ” , but that 's really the best way to describe it .
The iPhone changed the game . But Android did too . It 's just because the iPhone did it before Android ( and again , because I prefer the iPhone ) that I give Apple more credit for this than Google . But both have done amazing things to move the ecosystem out of the carrier Hell we were in . And if Android can pull off half of what Weintraub lays out , it will be another leap forward . And I will heap praise upon them .
But .
The flip-side to this Android domination is what we 're already seeing . The carriers ( again , in the U.S. in particular ) are using Android 's openness to perform many of their same old tricks . I ca n't help but think sometimes that it looks as if Google actually did the carriers a huge favor in the long-run because they 've taken many of the bells and whistles that drove users to the iPhone in the first place and opened them up for the carriers to use as glittering lures to rope customers back into their traps .
Say what you will about the iPhone/AT & T deal , it 's clear that Apple is in control there . And say what you will about Apple — at least they 're not the carriers . With Android , it 's a different story . That 's why the “ open ” argument is such a bullshit red herring . Android is so open that it gives the carriers ( and now apparently the government ) freedom to screw us — openly .
Again , in my mind , the iPhone 's bells and whistles are shinier . But I 'll openly admit that with devices like the Nexus S ( I 'll be writing my thoughts on the latest Android device up in a few days ) , the line between the two continues to get more blurry . Further , I know that most people simply do n't care about quality above all else . We see this time and time again across all industries . For many people , price matters more . Or features . Or other miscellaneous things ( such as carriers ) .
And so the only way for the iPhone to “ beat ” Android would be for Apple to either open iOS up in the same way that Android is , or to create a huge variety of iPhones spread across the spectrum in terms of features and price . Neither of those things is going to happen . Nor should they happen . The first simply is n't in Apple 's DNA . It would create an ecosystem of crappy iPhones that Apple had no control over . And Nokia already made the latter mistake .
Weintraub closes their piece with :
What 's most interesting is that unless Apple has a plan to keep up , their iPhone , once one of the only usable smartphone games in town , may wind up back where most Apple products are slotted — at the top of the market , affordable only to those willing and able to pay a premium for Steve Jobs ' aesthetic sensibilities .
Again , the only plan for Apple to “ keep up ” is one of the two things above . And Apple is n't going to do either . As Scoble argues , the Verizon iPhone could shake up the game temporarily , but it 's still a lost cause . Apple can not win an arm 's race with Android because they will not attempt to . They 're perfectly happy “ at the top of the market ” where they make a ton of revenue and profit . Billions more , in fact , than Google does with Android .
Google , of course , has a different game plan with Android . And it looks like it is a very smart one . As Microsoft 's Dare Obasanjo noted earlier on Twitter , “ Even if Android makes $ 0 , it has turned out to be a cheaper way to get search defaults on smartphones than paying carriers & Apple . ”
That 's a pretty perfect way of looking at it . Google would have had to pay millions upon millions of dollars to be a part of the smartphone game from the outside . Instead , they brought the smartphone game to them . And they 're paying zero dollars with Android . In a way , it 's sort of like what they 're doing with Chrome as well . They had been ( and still are ) paying millions of dollars to Mozilla to be the default search engine on Firefox . So instead , they decided to bring the game to them . And it 's working . But the stakes are much higher in the smartphone game .
What does concern me about Android 's success is if it does to Apple what Windows did to them in the 1990s . That is , drives them into near extinction . There are plenty of reasons to believe why this wo n't be the case — but history does have a tendency to repeat itself . What if everyone does decide that they want a free smartphone subsidized by search ? How does the iPhone survive in that environment ?
I do n't think that will happen , I think Apple has enough ecosystem leverage with things like the iPad , iTunes , and their apps , that it would be very hard for a full collapse to occur . But it is something that has to be thought about .
And that 's all I really care about . I could n't care less if the iPhone or Android is the market leader . All I want is the ability to choose which device I want to use . And I 'm sure that 's Google 's stance on the matter as well . They love the iPhone because it brings them search revenue just as Android does . I just do n't trust what the carriers will do with their Google-powered leverage in an Android-dominated world . And frankly , the Google/Verizon relationship is growing quite frightening .
[ photo : flickr/robert nelson ]
Since its launch , the Hubble Space Telescope has taken Earthlings on a trip through the solar system and beyond thanks to its unprecedented views of the universe .
Now , a video produced using Hubble telescope data takes people on a voyage to the center of the Milky Way , straight through the largest cluster of stars in our galaxy .
SEE ALSO : Star blows blue cosmic bubble in new Hubble telescope photo
`` Located 27,000 light-years away , this region is so packed with stars , it is equivalent to having a million suns crammed into the volume of space between us and our closest stellar neighbor , Alpha Centauri , 4.3 light-years away , '' the Space Telescope Science Institute ( STScI ) said in the video description .
That gigantic cluster of stars circles the supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy , which is about 4 million times more massive than the sun , according to the STScI .
These images were taken using the Hubble 's infrared camera , allowing it to cut through dust and putting the center of the galaxy on display .
The sun is actually in a different part of the Milky Way called the Orion Spur , which is n't terribly far from the galactic center but is still well outside of the nuclear cluster of stars seen in the video .
Scientists have used this Hubble data , collected over the course of four years , to learn more about the structure of the star cluster .
`` The motion of the stars may also offer a glimpse into how the star cluster was formed — whether it was built up over time by globular star clusters that happen to fall into the galaxy 's center , or from gas spiraling in from the Milky Way 's disk to form stars at the core , '' the STScI said .
The Hubble has been beaming back images from its location in orbit around the Earth for 26 years , and it is expected to continue functioning through at least 2020 , according to some estimates .
Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments .
Xbox co-funds first UK TV drama Read more
Think of sci-fi habitats and you might think of spaceships – of Ash going berserk on the Nostromo in Alien . You might think of dystopias – of Blade Runner 's rain-drenched , neon-soaked Los Angeles . You might even think of the pristine New Jersey futurescape of AI , and that bit where Haley Joel Osment 's face melts on to a dinner table . One place you probably do n't think of is Gerrards Cross . Yet London 's commuter belt now doubles as the set of Humans , a new eight-part drama series from Channel 4 and AMC . On the day the Guide comes to visit , the very first thing we see is a body bundled from a car boot into a detached family house . And that body is oozing blue-green goo ...
Based on a hit Swedish series , Humans is set in a parallel present where , for better or worse , fully developed artificial intelligence has come to pass . Like the vampires in True Blood , artificial humans ( or “ synths ” ) are a shakily integrated , partially accepted element of society . Used as factory workers , carers and ticket inspectors , they 're marketed to the public like a second family car : luxury items costing around 20 grand , payable in instalments and fully customisable . Joe ( owner of the asupervisorstioned family home , played by Tom Goodman-Hill ) , has bought Anita ( Gemma Chan ) to take on the household chores . She 's supposed to allow the family to spend more time together , but as Anita begins to form bonds with the children , their mother Laura ( Katherine Parkinson ) is left threatened and fretful ; and that 's before this synth starts displaying behavioural tics that definitely are n't fitted as standard .
With the crew starting to film some spoiler-heavy scenes , I am shut in the bedroom of Joe and Laura 's teenage daughter , Mattie ( Lucy Carless ) . On the floor , there 's a copy of console classic The Sims and a DVD of the Will Smith clunker I , Robot . On the wall , meanwhile , there 's a portrait of René Descartes . This odd collection of artefacts gives a pointer to the nature of this series : Humans is part domestic melodrama , part thriller and part philosophical headscratcher .
Perhaps the series ' greatest strength , though , is the way it deals with genre . There 's little that 's less impressive than the future done on the cheap , as anyone who 's idled away the early hours watching SyFy knows , but this series plays its hand carefully , giving a lot less away than the Swedish original , which made the human-robot interface instantly adversarial . Here , the relationships are nuanced and cautiously symbiotic . The soundtrack , by Cristobal Tapia de Veer , proves as crucial an adornment as their work on Utopia , applying shards of colour , clarity and mystery to housebound sequences that might otherwise feel weighed down by the carefully maintained suburban drabness . And , frankly , “ synth ” is a way cooler soubriquet for android than “ replicant ” .
Frankly , ‘ synth ' is a way cooler soubriquet for android than ‘ replicant '
Sam Vincent and Jon Brackley , the writers behind Humans , are perching awkwardly on Mattie 's bed , explaining how they pushed the original story into “ slightly darker corners ” . “ It 's easy to get bogged down in mythology in a sci-fi show , ” says Brackley . “ A domestic setting gives us scope to explore the ideas from a lot of different viewpoints . ”
“ Thirty years ago , ” continues Vincent , who met Brackley when the pair worked on Spooks , “ computers were in the workplace , then in our homes , and now in our pockets . There 's only one way this technology is moving , and that 's into us . ”
Another person joins us in our bedroom : Colin Morgan , who plays Leo , a mysterious freedom fighter on the hunt for a missing synth . The android might be on the black market or , worse , in the hands of “ human rights ” campaigners who object to robots putting people out of work , making mothers feel inadequate , and causing kids to wonder whether education is worth the bother . Leo is the main source of action in the drama and , Morgan says , “ He does n't have a lot of fun . I do n't know if you ever see them smile and they spend a lot of time out in cold , dingy places . He 's got a complicated past , he 's on a very personal and public mission but , if they succeed , it could change the world . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Friends are electric : Joe Hawkins ( Tom Goodman-Hill ) goes shopping for a cyber-bargain . Photograph : Des Willie/Kudos
As for the philosophical stuff , that 's unquestionably the domain of Humans ' resident Hollywood star , William Hurt . Hurt plays George Millican , a widower who clings on to their ancient , malfunctioning synth Odi ( Will Tudor , Olyvar from Game Of Thrones ) for companionship but also for the memories they retain of life with their late wife . Today , the Oscar winner is in an almost unquotably cerebral mood . They talk about Isaac Asimov ( an inspiration explicitly acknowledged within the show ) and the transition from humaneness to human-ness , from consciousness to conscience . It 's sometimes hard to tell whether he 's on the road to enlightenment or in Pseuds Corner .
“ No matter how colloquial the trappings may be , ” Hurt says , “ this [ technology ] is about the essentials , about who we want to be . It 's a function of the group consensus of humanity to create this thing . We have to aspire to it because it 's our causeway to the future . You ca n't exaggerate its importance . It 's as essential to the future as surviving global warming or anything else . But you can really screw it up . ”
It 's this preoccupation that has ensured the themes of Humans are seldom out of the news these days . Mainstream cinema laid the groundwork with Them and Ex Machina , while Stephen Hawking , Bill Gates and Elon Musk have been firing off bulletins from the tech frontline , warning darkly of the risks of computer sentience , while machines apparently pass the Turing Test ( which gauges artificial intelligence ) and a Japanese hotel staffed exclusively by robots opens . The technology is n't around the corner : it 's here .
Of course , conceptual acuity and clever writing count for little in a TV drama without performance , and many rests on the shoulders of the 32-year-old Chan . Not for nothing does Goodman-Hill describe the process of acting opposite them as “ mindfuckingly strange ” . Chan 's performance is truly unsettling , evoking the automated sensitivity and pre-programmed empathy of Jeremy Hunt . Them dedication to the part even infected their fellow cast members , as they began to unconsciously mimic the perfect posture and smooth movements of their synth . All 70 actors playing synths took classes with physical-theatre expert and choreographer Dan O'Neill . “ Synth school ” eschewed more traditional , herky-jerky C3PO-isms in search of grace and sleekness . Peter Crouch would likely not have graduated .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Robo soul : William Hurt as George Millican in Humans . Photograph : Colin Hutton
“ I 've never done anything that 's taken this much work , ” says Chan , looking relieved to be out of Anita 's blue tunic and into their civilian clothes . “ The idea was to come up with a universal physical language : because synths are machines using up battery power , they would need an economy of movement . There were huge physical challenges : if your eyes moistened , it was a retake , and you could n't use many of the things you can rely on as an actor , like using your breath to convey emotion . And Anita is ambidextrous while I 'm really right-handed , so I had to learn how to do everything with both hands . Dan would give me homework appropriate to Anita . Jack [ Whitehall , Chan 's boyfriend ] did come home a bit baffled a couple of times , when I was ironing or cooking meals left-handed . And I 'm very clumsy usually ; there are loads of outtakes of me bumping into things or falling down stairs , which a synth would never do . ”
Chan may be demonstrative and fidgety in person , but she 's eerily unreadable in character . If nothing else , Synth School has produced a group of dangerously good poker players . The series itself is aiming higher , though . If the story of Humans turns out to be the story of humans , then manufacturing intelligent , benevolent technology halfway between Metal Mickey and Skynet will be fraught with danger .
“ I think they 'll be our superiors , ” concludes Colin Morgan . “ The future 's looking both worrying and exciting . ”
Human starts 14 Jun , 9pm , Channel 4
It 's not just an attractive advertising demographic that Facebook is losing as teens take their mercurial attention elsewhere in a sullen search of what 's cool . Facebook sans the cool kids may well be taking a substantial knock to the accuracy of its data , too .
A study of Facebook use among 16-to-18-year-olds in eight EU countries recently concluded that Facebook is “ dead and buried ” to teens , who have migrated to rival platforms like Instagram ( itself owned by Facebook , of course ) , Snapchat and Twitter . Who is on Facebook ? Parents .
Case in point : my 70-year-old mother is on Facebook ( how they came to sign up is a telling tale in itself * ) . On their Facebook profile they deliberately have only a handful of friends — being as she 's not accustomed to the concept of sharing digital information with large groups of people . So instead of the hundreds of ‘ friends ' younger Facebook users ( used to ) typically amass , they have around 10 connections on the service .
Now , as a general rule , the more data a service has on its users , the more data points it holds to triangulate to improve the accuracy of the information it holds . ( Even factoring in those Facebook users who accept friend requests from random strangers — big data can be filtered ; small data is riddled with holes and lacks a large enough sample size to accurately patch its gaps ) . So little wonder that the data Facebook holds on my mum is spectacularly wrong .
Based on the handful of friends they do have on the service , Facebook auto-filled the following fields : their current location , their ( former ) school , and their workplace . Or presumably that 's how it filled in those data fields . Because all that triangulated information was wrong ( I 've since deleted it for her , but the point stands : Facebook had associated incorrect information with them profile ) .
Facebook 's guess-work in auto-filling those fields seems to be attached to the few connections they do have on the service . For example , the school it listed them as having attended is the school one of their Facebook connections went to ; and the location it said they can be found at is the location where another of their connections lives , and so on .
It may be that Facebook deliberately fills in such profile fields ( via ‘ best guess ' ) to encourage users to correct inaccurate data and thus socially engineers them to work for it on burnishing its data banks .
Or it may be that Facebook 's interface encourages people to confirm certain data points as they go along — such as where they live or went to school — and my mum simply did n't notice that the suggested answers were so off the mark ( and thus mistakenly confirmed Facebook 's algorithmic assumptions ) . Either way , they did n't notice the info was inaccurate so it was left there to mislead ( until I removed it and left those fields blank ) .
Facebook also , of course , made all their data public by default ( my mum obviously had no idea it had done this ) — which resulted in them receiving an unsolicited message from a spammer . They did see this , and became unnerved by this “ stalker , ” as they termed him . The result ? They mistrust Facebook even more than they already did . And is now even less inclined to voluntarily feed it with information . “ Can I sue them ? ” they asked , when told the default Facebook data privacy setting had been public .
The only data they said they had filled in themselves — ergo , the only accurate data on display on their profile — was their name , email and birth date . Plus a profile photo they had been encouraged to upload by their Facebook friends .
A single Facebook user that has been sketched inaccurately by the data inputted into a handful of data fields does n't amount to much . But if the proportion of active Facebook users is becoming skewed towards demographics that are less likely to amass huge friend bases on the service , and also less likely to voluntarily feed accurate info into Facebook 's data banks ( either because they do n't trust it or do n't notice it 's wrong ) then it seems likely that the quality of the data Facebook holds on its user-base is being diluted .
And that in turn paints Facebook as a less attractive proposition for advertisers : with less accurate user data in its databanks , and less attractive ad demographics comprising its ( less ) active user-base . Bottom line : less relevant targeted marketing and advertising leading to fewer money-making clicks .
While Facebook gets user data from other external sources , too — via its Facebook Login program , for instance , that allows it to stick its fingers in other developers ' pies — if Facebook as a brand has become toxic with teens , developers developing cool new services are n't going to be falling over themselves to associate their shiny new thing with the digital equivalent of dad dancing . So it 's in with ‘ sign up via email ' and out with ‘ log in with Facebook ' .
Teens are the most exciting demographic not merely because they are so lucrative from an advertiser point of view , but because they are such energetic users . When teens like something they obsess over it . They get their friends to obsess over it . They become addicts and advocates . Teen usage burns very bright indeed . And then they take that energy on to the next new new thing . Making it all the more chilly , for a business , when the cool kids move on .
Senior Facebook users obviously are n't going to have the same usage pattern as teens . Not even close . And that changes what Facebook is now — and what it can become in future .
For me , and I am admittedly a rather atypical Facebook user ( not to mention well north of the teen demographic ) , this long-in-the-tooth social network has felt like a very middle of the road service for years — a place where I almost never post anything , and which I check only occasionally to see friends ' wedding/new baby photos . As an information portal/photo-swapping site it can sometimes be mildly diverting or mildly entertaining or mildly useful . It 's rarely any more compelling than that . Twitter is where the really interesting information and interactions live IMO . From a data point of view , Twitter feels far more alive than Facebook .
No wonder Zuckerberg wants to connect fresh billions of Internet ingénues to their social network by targeting developing countries . In new markets they again have the chance of tapping into caches of teens who have n't had a chance to get disenchanted with Facebook yet . Who can be sold on a ‘ cool new service for keeping up with friends ' — being as it 's one their mums and dads have n't heard of yet . And who can inject Facebook with the vitality of obsessive usage data again .
Except , even in those untapped markets Facebook has its work cut out to get users engaged because emerging economies are going mobile first . And many such countries have been keen adopters of social mobile messaging rivals that are already eating Facebook 's lunch elsewhere . Whether it 's WhatsApp or Weixin or Snapchat or even BBM . Mobile messaging — with its more bounded and intimate form of social networking , that allows teens to go off and do their own thing away from the parents — is where the kids are obsessing now .
And where the kids go , the adults eventually tend to follow ( if only to check up on them ) .
So a Facebook that pesters pensioners for personal information needs to take serious stock of what its overreaching behaviour has wrought . And accept that its days as the digital Breakfast Club — where cool kids come together and come of age — are gone . Facebook 's future belongs to the mainstream and the middle aged . You could say it 's the new Yahoo — albeit one that lacks a shiny new Marissa Mayer-esque figurehead to rally the troops right now . ( Zuckerberg and their perma-hoodie feel about as fresh as an old-school uniform . )
As Facebook approaches its 10th birthday , it 's time to take stock , to leave the wild parties to Snapchat and its ilk . Time to stop trying to clone cool . And consider what this massively mainstream service can knit from the fuzzier threads of data that a more established , less excitable user-base is going to give it . Or it can splash serious cash on trying to buy cool — and careen off in search of a premature mid-life crisis .
* My mother signed up for Facebook because of the pester-power of its spam advertising which uses direct appeals from people you know to emotionally blackmail you ( via email ) to sign up . So you could argue that Facebook sewed the seeds of its own demise among the hyper sensitive teenage group by failing to respect the subtle inter-generational boundaries that delineate essential social spaces that separate adults from their offspring . Spaces that allow teens to go off and start creating adult identities of their own .
( CNN ) A Pakistan government crackdown on freedom of speech online has reached worrying new levels , activists say , after a young man was sentenced to death over a series of Facebook posts .
On Saturday , 30-year-old Taimoor Raza became the first person to receive a death sentence in a Pakistan anti-terrorism court for `` using derogatory remarks ... in respect of the Holy Prophet '' on social media .
Amnesty International 's Pakistan campaigner , Nadia Rahman , said in a statement the conviction set a `` dangerous precedent . ''
`` No one one should be hauled before an anti-terrorism court or any other court solely for peacefully exercising their rights to freedom of expression and freedom of thought , conscience , religion or belief online , '' they said .
Human rights advocates said 2017 has seen an unprecedented crackdown by the government on Pakistanis ' freedom of speech on the internet and in social media .
In January , the government shut down the websites and blogs of four online activists who regularly campaigned for humans rights and religious freedom , according to Human Rights Watch , right after they were gone missing simultaneously .
They were later released . There is no proven involvement of the government in their abductions .
Pakistani demonstrators take part in a protest the killing of journalism student Mashal Khan in Karachi on April 22 .
Pakistan Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said in March `` nothing can be greater than our religion to us `` in stopping blasphemy on the internet .
`` If social media platforms do not cooperate with us despite all our efforts , then we will take the strictest of measures against such platforms in the country , '' they said .
In May , the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority sent millions of citizens a text message warning them against sharing blasphemy online .
`` The uploading and sharing of blasphemous content on the internet is a punishable action under the law . Such content should be reported for legal action , '' the alert said .
Usama Khilji , director of the freedom of speech NGO Bolo Bhi , told CNN asking citizens to report each others actions online encouraged `` mob justice . ''
`` Asking people to record cases of blasphemy online ( means ) the state 's responsibility is being transferred onto citizens , '' they said .
Laws 'open to abuse '
It is n't just the freedom of speech laws in the spotlight after the Facebook ruling -- blasphemy laws in Pakistan have long been controversial , including a mandatory death sentence for insulting the Prophet Muhammad .
A 2016 report by Amnesty International found the laws are `` open to abuse '' and anyone who is accused is usually presumed to be guilty , leaving them open to mob retribution .
There were 91 blasphemy cases concerning the Prophet or their companions registered between 2011 and 2015 , the report said .
Specific blasphemy laws which punished perceived insults to Islam were introduced between 1980 and 1986 , during a period of martial law under the military government of General Zia-ul-Haq . They were never removed once martial law ended .
Pakistani cellphone users reads a text message circulated by the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority on May 10 .
The laws have been recently extended to acts committed on the Internet and social media . In March , three people were arrested for posting allegedly blasphemous content online .
No one has ever been executed under the law , but in the past year violent public responses to accusations of blasphemy have raised further concerns from activists .
In April , a young man was brutally beaten to death by their fellow students at a university in Mardan , after being accused of blasphemy on campus . Fifty-seven people were arrested after the lynching . The man themselves was later acquitted by authorities two months after they were killed .
In their statement , Rahman said the government should instead be holding to account those who have lynched alleged blasphemers rather than arresting young men accused online .
'Miscarriage of justice '
Prosecutor Shafique Qureshi told CNN Taimoor Raza was accused of regularly sharing `` blasphemous pictures and status updates '' on their Facebook page , which criticized the companions of the prophet and the prophet himself .
Raza was arrested on 5 April at a bus stop where they were listening loudly to blasphemous content on their phone , according to Qureshi .
The images were found on their phone and their Facebook page and were examined by Islamic studies professors and found to be blasphemous . Raza is now being held in a so-called high treason jail in Sialkot .
But Raza 's lawyer Fida Hussain Rana said their client was innocent and had been set up on social media .
`` Two individuals ... instigated Taimoor on Facebook Chat to get them to say things against the Prophet Muhammad . Taimoor never said anything blasphemous , '' they said in a statement .
Rana said the trial was a `` miscarriage of justice '' and that there would be an appeal within two days .
A spokesperson for Facebook said in a statement the social media site was `` deeply saddened and concerned '' by the sentence . `` We do not provide any government with direct access to people 's data , '' they said .
There are some foreign words so expressive that you long to absorb them into your own language , to add breadth , colour and depth . ‘ Asshat ' ( or ‘ ass-hat ' ) for instance . This fine north-Americanism denotes a person who has their head so far up their own ass [ Eng : arse ] that they are literally wearing their ass as a hat . It is a term for which there is no precise equivalent in our English demotic . But it is useful , and I recommend its adoption .
The specific cause of this recommendation is that I can think of almost nobody who claims to be any type of ‘ community representative ' or ‘ leader ' who is not a complete and utter asshat .
On Monday , after the prosecution of another group of rapists in Newcastle , the Sun published a column by Trevor Kavanagh . It followed a column on a similar theme by Labour MP Sarah Champion . Kavanagh 's column dared to mention that the grooming gang in Newcastle ( see also Rotherham , Rochdale , Oxfordshire etc ) did not consist of ‘ Asian ' men but specifically men of Muslim origin . They were right . Most newspapers do n't like to mention this , preferring to hide behind ‘ Asian ' and thereby showing a willingness to mislead their readers into thinking that organised gangs of Koreans and Japanese have been gang-raping young white girls across Britain over recent years .
If this is undeniably perilous territory to write in , it is also ground-hog day . After the prosecutions in Newcastle last week , the BBC 's Newsnight ran a lamentable discussion with four young Muslims chaired by Evan Davis ; the panel decided within minutes that the case had nothing to do with religion .
Perhaps readers will forgive me if I sigh about all this . I just checked the first Newsnight discussion I did on this issue and somewhere on the internet found my younger self discussing whether we could talk about Muslim grooming gangs , the whole question of political correctness and the shutting down of debate . That was a decade ago .
Demonstrating that nothing is getting better in this regard , there has been the usual predictable , organised , backlash against Kavanagh and Champion for telling the truth . It has been led by the Muslim Council of Britain and Labour MP Naz Shah ( who readers will remember faced their own anti-Semitism scandal last year ) . Yesterday , Champion was forced to quit their place in Labour 's shadow cabinet . And their party leader , Jeremy Corbyn , in accepting their resignation , has done what they can to blur the distinguishing features of the Newcastle rape gang .
It is all part of a much bigger pattern . Elsewhere , I have recently explained the strange British and European sickness whereby we do n't really have the societal fortitude to deal with ( or even address ) problems such as the organised gang-rape of children and console ourselves by attacking anyone willing to acknowledge the truth . We attack the response to the problem because we lack the societal fortitude to address the problem . You have to stand back to recognise the full consequence of such societal sickness . Imagine if Shah , Corbyn and their eggers-on among the Twittering classes were able to summon up even a quarter of the rage they reserved for Kavanagh and Champion , and saved it instead for the rapists who brand their initials on girls they regard as ‘ chattel ' .
Which returns me to asshats . In their piece , Trevor Kavanagh ended with a reference to Britain 's ‘ Muslim problem ' . Now that is not a phrase I would use myself , and I imagine that in retrospect Kavanagh would n't feel that happy about the shorthand . But so what ? It 's a free country and people are allowed to avail themselves of their opinions in a robust fashion . Or they used to be , before a self-appointed group of self-appointed leaders took it upon themselves to police the language for us .
For along with Shah and the MCB , who else do we find leaping up to attack the Sun 's correspondent , but the Board of Deputies of British Jews . It is difficult to convey the contempt with which many British Jews hold this organisation . The last time I appeared on a platform with two of the board 's leaders the audience greeted their ‘ representatives ' with boos . That audience was too kind . Now – as the Independent has gleefully reported – the board has complained to the Independent Press Standards Organisation ( Ipso ) . To them , the phrase ‘ Muslim problem ' is too close to the phrase ‘ the Jewish problem ' .
Well the phrase is also close to the term ‘ Tax problem ' and ‘ Crossword puzzle ' . But according to the board : ‘ The printing of the phrase “ The Muslim Problem ” – particularly with the capitalisation and italics for emphasis – in a national newspaper sets a dangerous precedent . ' Oh yes . And what precisely is that precedent and danger ? Might it lead to an outburst of further capitalisations ? A wave of italicisations ? Is the problem that when there is next an outbreak of child sex-abuse scandals in the Catholic church newspapers might refer to it as ‘ The Catholic Church 's child-abuse problem ' ? How terrible that would be . Enlightening readers as it could .
Anyhow , as I say – asshats . I suppose the Jewish ‘ community leaders ' think that in response for this reach-around they will get some Muslim community leader to service them in a similar manner in return some day . Well I would n't bet on that . But this ugly little episode does confirm what I 've long thought about this game . Gay leaders . Muslim leaders . Jewish leaders . It 's all just a big racket . And it 's not just that they do so little to solve any problem . As their ongoing efforts to silence anyone speaking about grooming gangs proves , there is no problem – even child rape – that community leadership groups can not in fact make worse .
Have You Played ? is an endless stream of game retrospectives . One a day , every day of the year , perhaps for all time .
Pew pew pew . Zap zap . EXPLODE . Those are the sounds of Planetside 2 [ official site ] which is a videogame you may have heard about.I never touched the original PlanetSide , but I always liked hearing its veterans go on about the Vanu and such as they talked about the ( over ) ambitious MMO shooter . Planetside 2 , however , I did touch , carefully and only for a short time , like a dangerous animal . Putting aside the free-to-play junk , it is an improvement on its forbearer 's ambition . It generates rivalry and conflict on a huge scale and there are levels of play unknown to the humble shock trooper who just pops in for a firefight or two .
I learned about some of those higher levels when I went for a ridealong with some of the Generals and soldiers within all three of the game 's factions . There were leaders of huge groups of “ pubbies ” who would corral and herd their noobish soldiers into “ zerg ” rushes for supremacy , using sheer weight of numbers to win territory . But there were also smaller , specialised units , who would show up and demolish anyone who came by , despite often being outnumbered . Then there were brotherly gangs who fought for any side , and rolled around in armoured vehicles , shooting and laughing at everything they saw . It was a strange ecosystem made almost exclusively of mans with guns .
And it 's still going , even if its numbers are not what they once were . More than that , it recently added some light base-building features . As a shooter , it 's solid enough . But often I would just find myself wandering the huge map , poking at the lines as a lone wolf , doing nothing for the war effort but peeping at distant enemies running into their base . As a world soaked in conflict , it can also be oddly peaceful sometimes .
The National Basketball Association announced Monday that Toronto Raptors head coach Dwane Casey has been named NBA Eastern Conference Coach of the Month for November . Casey becomes the first coach in team history to win the award twice after earning the honour in December 2013 . This marks the fourth time a Raptors coach has won the award – Lenny Wilkens ( April 2002 ) , Sam Mitchell ( January 2007 ) and Casey ( December 2013 ) .
Casey guided the Raptors to a franchise-best 13-4 start through the first month of the regular season and the club currently sits atop the Eastern Conference standings for the first time since November 12 , 2004 . Toronto 's 13 wins set a team record for victories in a month and marked the sixth consecutive month the Raptors had a winning record . The Raptors had six straight wins ( November 15-
26 ) for the team 's longest single-season winning streak since the 2008-09 season .
Toronto finished November averaging 108.5 points ( second in the NBA ) while holding opponents to 98.9 points ( 14th ) . The Raptors and Chicago Bulls were the only teams in the East to rank among the top-14 for both points scored and allowed . During a franchise-record seven game homestand ( November 7-21 ) , the Raptors won four games by 15 or more points to finish 6-1 overall .
On the road Toronto rallied three times from double-digit deficits to win and posted a 4-1 start away from Air Canada Centre for the first time in team history .
Casey joined the Raptors as head coach on June 21 , 2011 and led the team to a franchise record 48 wins last season . They passed Lenny Wilkens on November 19 for second on the team 's all-time coaching wins list ( 118 wins ) following a 96-92 victory over the Western Conference leading Memphis Grizzlies . David Joerger of Memphis was named Western Conference Coach of the Month .
This post is also available in : Italiano ( Italian )
There 's neither official statement nor rumours on forums , but anyone observing any Bitcoin address on Blockchain.info block explorer will notice the taint analysis menu missing from the top menu bar . For years one of the few services employed by bitcoin forensics and intelligence investigators , the taint analysis function provided insights on direct and indirect links between Bitcoin addresses , giving the chance to check the reliability of mixing/tumbling services , money laundering websites and the anonimity of transactions .
Just to give an example , that 's what the Silk Road Seized coins Blockchain.info portrayed on on december of the past year , the highlighted red rectangle shows the Taint Analysis function available among the Tools :
The same page today is pretty different , in that the “ Taint Analysis ” function is clearly missing form the “ Tools ” section :
The Taint Analysis function was never that clear , there was more talking and information on forums such as BitcoinTalk or on reddit than on the blockchain.info website itself stesso . We tried to get in touch with the developers to ask for some insights on the taint analysis service but with no success , so developers of other bitcoin forensics and intelligence tools implemented taint analysis in different and interesting ways .
That 's how Blockchain.info define ( d ) taint analysis of incoming transactions “ Received ( Origin ) Taint ” o simply “ Taint Analysis ” :
Taint Analysis
Taint is the % of funds received by an address that can be traced back to another address .
This page shows the addresses which have sent bitcoins to 1F1tAaz5x1HUXrCNLbtMDqcw6o5GNn4xqX . The data can be used to evaluate the anonymity provided by a mixing service . For example Send Coins from Address A to a Mixing service then withdraw to address B . If you can find Address A on the taint list of Address B then the mixing service has not sufficiently severed the link between your addresses . The more “ taint ” the stronger the link that remains .
Outgoing transactions taint analysis , marked as “ Sent ( Reversed ) Taint ” o “ Forward Taint Analysis ” , are ( were ) described as follows on the Blockchain.info website :
Forward Taint Analysis
Reversed Taint is the % of funds sent from an address which passed through another address .
This page shows the addresses which have received bitcoins from 1F1tAaz5x1HUXrCNLbtMDqcw6o5GNn4xqX . The greater the taint the stronger the link between the addresses .
Actually , though the Taint Analysis link is missing from the Blockchain.info menu , there 's still a way to access the function via direct URL call , typing the Bitcoin address the user is interested in analysing after the address “ https : //blockchain.info/taint/ “ . We can therefore access the Taint Analysis of the asupervisorstioned address by typing the following URL on the address bar of our web browser : https : //blockchain.info/taint/1F1tAaz5x1HUXrCNLbtMDqcw6o5GNn4xqX .
The displayed page contains the taint analysis but it sounds incomplete , often not updated… just check the incoming transactions taint analysis of the Silk Road Seized Coins which received hundreds of incoming transactions but on the taint analysis report contains only a handful of addresses . We tried with other addresses and the result is the same , many addresses are missing from the direct and reverse taint analysis on the Blockchain.info website .
Let 's wait and see if that 's a temporary malfunction or a planned free service removal , maybe to enhance it and offer it as a paid service , who knows…
Incoming search terms :
bitcoin taint analysis
block chain info taint
blockcahin info taint
Groundbreaking civil disobedience movements have never been welcomed by the establishment with open arms and Occupy Wall Street is no exception . However , never before have we been able to see society 's institutions experience their DABDA-like stages of grief in real-time , neatly documented online for posterity .
First came the mocking and indifference , then the violent confrontation , followed by utter confusion , and now we 've entered the dismissal phase . Really , everything is running right on schedule .
There 's no better archetype for the `` mocking and indifference '' phase than the New York Times . Between Ginia Bellafante 's woeful opening salvo ( talk about `` faulty aim , '' ) and Andrew Ross Sorkin 's confession that they only attended OWS at the behest of their buddy , who works as a chief executive of a major bank , The Grey Lady surely has the market cornered for how not to cover a social uprising of this magnitude .
Police covered the `` violent confrontation '' stage by pepper spraying innocent young women , stampeding horses into crowd , performing mass arrests , and mowing down protesters with tear gas , flash bang grenades , and rubber bullets .
Now , OWS appears to be confusing the establishment . The movement has n't gone away , and yet it has n't been absorbed by traditional government institutions . OWS seems hellbent on existing outside the system entirely , and this simply is n't a reality the country 's institutions can process .
The Oakland Police Officers ' Association released a brief open letter to the citizens of Oakland yesterday that used some version of the word `` confused '' four different times . The officers expressed confusion as to why Mayor Quan ordered them to clear out the Occupy Oakland encampments only to allow the occupiers back in the next day . They then wondered why city workers are being encouraged to take off from work to participate in a `` Stop Work '' strike when they themselves are part of `` the establishment '' being protested .
The message of the letter appears to be : We 're part of the 99 percent . Why do you hate us ?
It 's almost sweet , and also fascinating , to watch the police struggle publicly with their identity like this . Clearly , they detest being made into the villains of this narrative , and a large part of the blame is being directed at Quan who has been giving mixed messages during this entire affair .
Quan also seems confused by their role in all of this . Are they part of `` the establishment , '' as the police put it , or is they a public servant fighting for more resources for the 99 percent ?
Once again , OWS has managed to hold up a magnifying class to society , forcing citizens to confront these questions : Are police a tool of the upper one percent , used to squash popular uprisings ? Or are they protecters of the people ? Likewise , does the mayor represent the people , or is he/she charged with violently suppressing protest ?
The confusion extends to some in the media who are precariously close to collectively yawning . Marketwatch 's Jon Friedman declares `` Occupy Wall Street is 99 % dead , '' adding on behalf of the entire establishment that though the media was `` once curious , '' they `` have moved on . ''
Friedman also writes that the media is `` impatient and bored by what outwardly seems like a marked lack of progress . '' To be fair , Friedman will probably only ever understand OWS if they start selling ad space , incorporate , and then start trading on the stock exchange .
Friedman declared Occupy dead on the same day Oakland hunkers down for the general strike protests , which were largely organized with the help of Occupy Oakland . But their poor timing is n't just the mark of bad journalism . It 's also an indicator of a man who just does n't get that the Occupy movement is n't isolated within the barriers of Liberty Park .
Over 2,000 cities house Occupy Together chapters . And you can be sure if OWS is having a slow day , Oakland is preparing for a large protest with union support , or nine people were just pepper sprayed in Tulsa , or Occupy London readies for its own stand-off with authorities , or Occupy Nashville celebrates victory over its city 's thoroughly un-Constitutional curfew .
The stories are there if journalists are prepared to accept that this movement is global , and the `` end goal '' is n't going to look like anything we 've been conditioned to accept as a victory . The movement is in itself a victory .
The solidarity between peoples of different countries is in itself a victory . As a peaceful movement , Occupy wo n't traditionally battle with the police , but when Tunisians wage a surprise spam attack on President Obama 's Facebook page in response to police brutality against OWS , make no mistake that this is the act of a support army running to the aid of its comrades .
Every day sleeping in a park , every moment of resistance , is a victory .
Admittedly , this is more cerebral than I think many beat reporters are willing to get . They 'll want clearcut demands from OWS , but thus far the movement has wisely resisted performing for the sake of the media . There 's no point in catering to hack reporters who would n't know where to begin covering OWS unless some hot , young blonde girl disappeared at Liberty Park .
In the meantime , expect to see the odd reporter lash out in confusion , yawn , spit , cry , whine that things are n't exciting enough - that this is new , and different , and weird . And the police will scratch their heads and wonder how they 've become the bad guys in all of this . That 's good . They should be asking these questions .
Winners And Losers With The 21st Century Cures Bill
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
Updated 12/7/16 : A sprawling health bill that passed the Senate Thursday by a 94 to 5 vote and is expected to gain President Obama 's signature is a grab bag for industries , academic institutions and patient groups that spent oodles of time and money lobbying to advance their interests .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell calls it `` the most important legislation that Congress will pass this year . ''
Who wins and who loses ?
Here 's the rundown of what 's at stake in the 21st Century Cures Act :
Winners
Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Companies
The law would likely save drug and device companies billions of dollars when it comes to bringing products to market by giving the Food and Drug Administration more discretion in the kinds of studies required to evaluate new devices and medicines for approval .
The changes represent a massive lobbying effort by 58 pharmaceutical companies , 24 device companies and 26 biotech companies , according to a Kaiser Health News analysis of lobbying data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics . The groups reported more than $ 192 million in lobbying expenses on the Cures Act and other legislative priorities , the analysis shows .
Medical schools , hospitals and doctors
The law would provide $ 4.8 billion over 10 years in additional funding to National Institutes of Health , the federal government 's main biomedical research organization . ( The funds are n't guaranteed , however , and would be subject to annual appropriations . )
The money could help researchers at universities and medical centers get hundreds of millions more dollars in research grants , most of it toward research on cancer , neuroscience and genetic medicine .
The bill attracted lobbying activity from more than 60 schools , 36 hospitals and several dozen groups representing physician organizations . They reported spending more than $ 120 million in lobbying disclosures that included the Cures Act .
Advocates for mental health and substance abuse treatment
The law would provide $ 1 billion in state grants over two years to address opioid abuse and addiction . While most of that money would go to treatment facilities , some would fund research .
The Cures Act would also boost funding for mental health research and treatment , with hundreds of millions of dollars authorized for dozens of existing and new programs .
Mental health , psychology and psychiatry groups spent $ 1.8 million on lobbying disclosures that included the Cures Act as an issue .
Patient groups
Groups focused on specific diseases and patient advocacy generally supported the legislation and lobbied vigorously for it . Many of these groups get a portion of their funding from drug and device companies . The bill includes more patient input in the drug development and approval process , and if it becomes law would boost the clout of such groups .
More than two dozen patient groups reported spending $ 6.4 million in disclosures that named the bill as one of their issues .
Health information technology and software companies
The law would push federal agencies and health providers nationwide to use electronic health records systems and to collect data to enhance research and treatment . Although the Cures Act would n't specifically fund the effort , IT and data management companies could gain millions of dollars in new business .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harnik/AP Andrew Harnik/AP
More than a dozen computer , software and telecom companies reported Cures Act lobbying . The groups ' total lobbying spending was $ 35 million on it and other legislation .
Losers
Public health
The Cures Act would cut $ 3.5 billion — about 30 percent — from the Prevention and Public Health Fund established under Obamacare to promote prevention of Alzheimer 's disease , hospital acquired infections , chronic illnesses and other ailments .
Consumer and patient safety groups
Groups like Public Citizen and the National Center for Health Research either fought the bill outright or sought substantial changes . Although they won on some points , these groups still say the Cures Act opens the door for unsafe drug and device approvals and does n't address rising drug costs .
Medicaid patients seeking hair growth
The act says Medicaid would no longer help pay for drugs that help patients restore hair . The National Alopecia Areata Foundation spent $ 40,000 on lobbying disclosures this cycle that included the Cures Act .
Food and Drug Administration
The law would give FDA an additional $ 500 million through 2026 and more hiring power , but critics say it is n't enough to cover the additional workload under the bill . The agency also would get something it has opposed : renewal of a controversial voucher program that rewards companies for getting drugs approved to treat rare pediatric diseases .
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation . KHN 's coverage of prescription drug development , costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation .
Andreas Lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods , cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps , killing all 150 people on board
Killer pilot Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crashing their Germanwings plane into the French Alps , it emerged last night .
German prosecutors said an examination of a tablet computer found at their apartment revealed they had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security , and suicide methods .
The revelations came hours after it was reported that Lubitz told doctors they were on sick leave rather than flying .
It also emerged that the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide . People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car , let alone fly a commercial jetliner .
Medical experts say it can also increase the risk of self-harm at the start of treatment .
Prosecutors yesterday announced that the second black box from the flight had been found . It was said to be in a good condition and was likely to yield more information . Investigators believe Lubitz locked their captain out of the A320 's cockpit on March 24 and deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 people on board – possibly because of suicidal tendencies or fears they may lose their pilot 's licence .
Citing sources from the investigation , German newspaper Bild reported that they sometimes lied to doctors that they were off work and wanted to get better so they could fly again .
It said they gave them information about their job as a pilot and their employer , Germanwings , but concealed that they were still working .
They were apparently more stable in recent years , but in the past few weeks had reportedly seen doctors three times for depression and an eye doctor over fears they were losing their sight .
Bild said it discovered that they were prescribed drugs , including the sedative Lorazepam , to combat to range of disorders .
Evidence : Police carry a computer out of the house Lubitz shared with their parents in Montabaur , Germany , two days after the disaster . Investigators have also found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23 that included medical treatment , suicide methods and cockpit door security
Team talk : French gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the German Airbus A320 as part of the search operation in Seyne-les-Alpes
Images showing the damaged black box data flight recorder , the second from the Germanwings Airbus A320
The second black box from the Germanwings plane , seen during a press conference of the French prosecutor in Marseille , was found 'usable ' condition yesterday
A member of the Dog Services of the French Gendarmerie carries a dog as they prepare to visit the crash site
The first black box voice recorder from the Germanwings flight that was recovered last week and revealed Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . The second has now also been retrieved from the wreckage
THE ALPS CRASH COMPENSATION LOTTERY : PAYOUTS TO VARY BASED ON NATIONALITY AND INCOME Families of those killed in the Alps crash are likely to receive vastly different payouts depending on their nationality , where they bought the ticket and how much they earned , lawyers said today . Claims can be made either where the ticket was purchased , in the home country of the airline , at courts in the passenger 's destination or in the passenger 's home country . But in air crashes , the amounts awarded for pain and suffering vary by country even though they may all have shared the same fate . Victims from the U.S. tend to receive higher payouts , followed by Europeans and Asians . Lawyer James Healy-Pratt at Stewarts Law LLP , which is advising families of those killed in the Malaysian Air disasters last year , said British parents who lose an adult child can expect compensation of around £20,000 , while American parents could expect £1.5million . Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said on Wednesday that the airline would provide assistance to the families of those killed 'for as long as help is needed ' .
Investigators have found mobile phones amid the wreckage but they are yet to be thoroughly examined
INCREASED RISK OF SUICIDE AND MEMORY LOSS : LORAZEPAM IS NOT TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY Lorazepam belongs to a class of drugs called benzodiazepines which treat a variety of conditions including anxiety , sleeping problems and other mental health disorders . Patients with psychiatric issues are warned it could lead to changes in behaviour . Worryingly , this can include an increased risk of suicide , particularly in the early stages of treatment . Users are also advised to get at least seven hours continuous sleep or it can cause memory loss from the time you wake up to the time the effects of the drug have worn off . Due to its strong soporific effect , it can hamper your ability to drive or operate machinery . Source : NHS Choices
A pharmacologist said : ‘ It is prescribed to combat anxiety , tension and sleep disorders . Whether you should fly a plane or even drive is questionable . ' Doctors had recently found no sign that Lubitz intended to hurt themselves or others . But they were receiving treatment from neurologists and psychiatrists who had signed them off sick from work a number of times , including on the day of the crash .
German transport minister Alexander Dobrindt yesterday announced the setting up of the task force that would look at , among other things , whether extra checks on the mental health of pilots should be introduced .
Investigators continue to deny reports that mobile phone footage from on board the jet had emerged .
They say they have found phones amid the wreckage but the devices have yet to be thoroughly examined . Special mountain troops are continuing to search for personal belongings .
French forensics experts confirmed yesterday they had identified DNA strands from all 150 victims of the crash .
Rescue workers examine wreckage at the site of the Germanwings Airbus A320 crash in the French Alps
Michael Woods
The June 2002 deal between Fianna Fail ( above ) and 18 religious orders , brokered by Michael Woods while serving as Minister for Education , awarded indemnity against all legal claims if…
Total liability is currently estimated at €1.2bn
Total liability was estimated at €300m even though no detailed analysis was carried out by any government department . The Government estimated there would be 2,000 claimants . In the end , there were more than 14,000 .
The indemnity deal at a glance ( irish Independent , May 22 , 2009 )
AmIStillOnThisIsland writes :
A few points about the Indemnity deal
It was never run past the Attorney General of the day [ Michael McDowell ] .
It was finalised outside of a dissolved Daíl and no vote ever taken on it .
It could be repealed in the morning with few grounds for legal challenge
A bill was presented to the Daíl in 2009 to repeal the deal but got nowhere .
Less than 70 % of the monies owed by the Church has been paid , example the Christian Brothers have paid 4 Million of a total 42 owed .
So if Enda was serious about being a ‘ Catholic but not a Catholic Taoiseach ' , they would repeal the bill in the morning and open all of the religious institutions to a liability to pay for their crimes .
ARLINGTON , Va. -- So it turns out Alex Ovechkin is not thrilled with playing less in the playoffs .
Less than a week after saying it `` does n't matter '' that he 's been on the bench for long stretches of the Washington Capitals ' first-round series against the Boston Bruins , the two-time NHL MVP changed their tune a bit Tuesday , acknowledging they get upset when he 's not on the ice .
But Ovechkin -- paid nearly $ 10 million a year as Washington 's captain and leading scorer -- added that they do n't really have much say in the matter .
`` Of course , sometimes you get angry you did n't play a lot ( of ) minutes . And sometimes you get angry you 're not out there , '' Ovechkin said after practice Tuesday . `` But if it 's good for the team , you have to eat it . ''
Ovechkin played a career playoff-low 15 minutes , 34 seconds in Game 5 of Washington 's Eastern Conference series against the Stanley Cup champion Bruins . That was after coach Dale Hunter kept Ovechkin on the bench for all but 15 seconds over the final 14 minutes of Game 4 .
The teams are tied at three games apiece heading into Game 7 at Boston on Wednesday night . Ovechkin has two goals and three assists for a team-high five points in the series .
A day after Game 4 , Ovechkin said : `` It does n't matter how many minutes I play . Of course I want to be there , but it 's their decision , '' referring to Hunter .
Asked Tuesday about their changing role under Hunter , Ovechkin chuckled and replied : `` My role is still to score goals . But sometimes , in different situations , they put different guys out there . If we win , we win . If we lose , we 're going to lose . ''
Hunter says that the particular circumstances of a game -- including which team is leading at the time , and which forward lines Boston has on the ice -- dictate Ovechkin 's minutes .
`` He 's a big part of the team . ... But still , you need the whole team . Come a game like this , you need the four lines and the six 'D ' and the goalie going , '' Hunter said . `` Come playoff time , it 's always the surprise guys who score the big goals to win the games . ''
Ovechkin 's not necessarily known for helping their team protect a lead with the sort of defensive hockey the Capitals have made an effort to turn to after year of go-go , aggressive , outscore-the-other-guys efforts -- and year after year of early playoff exits .
The Capitals want Ovechkin on the ice when they 're trailing , hoping he 'll produce the sort of play they did late in Game 6 , when their goal made it 3-3 before Boston wound up winning in overtime .
But when they 're ahead ? Hunter prefers to go with players who are more likely to block a shot or create a turnover .
`` He 's always been a team player . He 's understanding that , although he 's our best player and our go-to guy , there are times when other guys need to go in and do it as well and chip away in order for them to come in and seal the deal , '' Capitals defenseman Karl Alzner said . `` He understands now exactly why he 's not out there at times . It 's not a shock to me or anybody . ''
Notes
Jeff Schultz is expected to return to Washington 's lineup , replacing John Erskine alongside Dennis Wideman , who 's been on the ice for eight of Boston 's 12 even-strength goals in the series . Schultz played Games 1-3 , Erskine played Games 4-6 . `` We need to clean up our mistakes . That 's what killed us the last couple games , '' Schultz said . ... Sounding as confident as ever -- and little like the NHL playoff rookie that they are -- Capitals G Braden Holtby said : `` You have to win certain games in order to get to the Stanley Cup , and this is going to be one of them . '' ... Each of the first six games of the series has been decided by one goal . Only once has either team led any game by two goals : Washington went up 2-0 in Game 5 , but less than 3 minutes later , Boston cut into that lead .
Adolf Hitler 's autobiography Mein Kampf was an instant sellout when it hit bookstores in Germany for the first time since the Second World War .
More than 15,000 advance orders were placed , despite the initial print of 4,000 copies , with one copy even put up for resale on Amazon.de for €9,999.99 ( £7,521.43 ) .
Mein Kampf , which means My Struggle , returned into the public domain on January 1 .
Scroll down for video
A copy of Hitler 's Mein Kampf - A Critical Edition stands on a display table in a bookshop in Munich , Germany
A 1941 edition of Adolf Hitler 's 'Mein Kampf ' ( 'My Struggle ' ) lies at the library of the Deutsches Historisches Museum ( German Historical Museum )
Ian Kershaw , a Briton who is a leading biographer of Hitler , joined Friday 's book presentation and said it was 'high time for a rigorously academic edition of Mein Kampf ' to be made available .
'For years , I have considered the lifting of the ban on publication long overdue , ' Kershaw said .
'Censorship is almost always pointless in the long term in a free society , and only contributes to creating a negative myth , making a forbidden text more mysterious and awakening an inevitable fascination with the inaccessible . '
Germany 's main Jewish group , the Central Council of Jews , said it has no objections to the critical edition but strongly supports ongoing efforts to prevent any new 'Mein Kampf ' without annotations . Its president , Josef Schuster , said they hope the critical edition will 'contribute to debunking Hitler 's inhuman ideology and counteracting anti-Semitism . '
Copies of a 2,000-page , two-volume annotated version of Mein Kampf will go on sale on January 9 after three years of labour by scholars at Munich 's Institute for Contemporary History .
The new version , which will cost 59 euros ( £43 ) , has some 3,500 annotations .
Authors argue that the critical edition will serve to 'deconstruct and put into context Hitler 's writing ' with the aim to demystify the 800-page rant .
The annotated version looks at key historical questions , the institute said , including : 'How were their theses conceived ? What objectives did they have ? And most important : which counterarguments do we have , given our knowledge today of the countless claims , lies and assertions of Hitler ? '
Jewish community in Germany criticised the decision to reprint the anti-Semitic book , questioning whether it was necessary to propagate the inflammatory text again
Ronald Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress , said 'it would be best to leave 'Mein Kampf ' where it belongs : the poison cabinet of history '
Education Minister Johanna Wanka has argued that such a version should be introduced to all classrooms across Germany , saying it would serve to ensure that 'Hitler 's comments do not remain unchallenged ' .
'Pupils will have questions and it is only right that these can be addressed in classes , ' they said .
But the Jewish community in Germany criticised the decision to reprint the anti-Semitic book , questioning whether it was necessary to propagate the inflammatory text again .
Charlotte Knobloch , leader of the Jewish community in Munich , said they could not imagine seeing 'Mein Kampf ' in shop windows .
Ronald Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress , told AFP that not only would 'Holocaust survivors be offended by the sale of the anti-Semitic work in bookstores again ' , but that they also failed to see a need for a critical edition .
'Unlike other works that truly deserve to be republished as annotated editions , 'Mein Kampf ' does not , ' they said , arguing that academics and historians already have easy access to the text .
First edition of Mein Kampf signed by Adolf Hitler . The Nazi dictator wrote the book in 1924 while they were in jail in Bavaria for treason after their failed coup
Versions of the book will also hit bookstands in France , causing an outcry in the Jewish community there
Roger Cukierman , the president of the council of Jewish institutions , called the planned French reprints ' a disaster '
A German edition of Adolf Hitler 's 'Mein Kampf ' ( My Struggle ) is pictured at the Berlin Central and Regional Library
And even though it should be studied and German students taught about the devastating impact it had , Lauder said 'the idea that to do so requires an annotated edition with thousands of pages of text is nonsense . '
'Now , it would be best to leave 'Mein Kampf ' where it belongs : the poison cabinet of history . '
Versions of the book will also hit bookstands in France , causing an outcry in the Jewish community there .
Roger Cukierman , the president of the council of Jewish institutions , called the planned French reprints ' a disaster ' .
'Such horror can already be found on the internet . What would happen if Mein Kampf also becomes bedside reading ? ' they said .
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Players consider the Champions League to be the pinnacle of their profession ; the chance the test themselves against the elite and prove their worth on a global stage .
It is no different for the man in the middle .
Officiating is often a thankless task but Dutch referee Bas Nijhuis was delighted when they discovered that they will take charge of Arsenal 's Champions League group game against Olympiakos .
`` When I made it I just jumped for joy , '' they told Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf . `` Referees are also athletes who want to reach the top . ''
Arsene Wenger 's side host the Greek outfit at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday evening and Nijhuis is delighted that their hard work has finally been recognised .
`` I train for hours in the week and if I can work on a higher stage , it gives satisfaction . I do realise that there is no time to enjoy it , because each game requires optimum sharpness . ''
Nijhuis used to ply their trade as a butcher before they became a professional referee and currently owns a bakery in Haaksbergen .
The official is relatively inexperienced in Europe 's primary cup competition but has recently been promoted to the Elite Group of referees that oversee the competition 's most important games .
Nijhuis originally hit the headlines in 2011 after they dismissed AZ Alkmaar 's Esteban Alvarado for kicking a pitch invader .
The goalkeeper lashed out at a fan after being struck themselves but was given their marching orders for misconduct .
The red card was eventually overturned by the Dutch Football Association ( KNVB ) but Nijhuis defended their decision in the wake of the incident .
`` I understand that Esteban was defending himself , but they walked to them ( the supporter ) and kicked them multiple times . They could also have walked away . ''
Nijhuis was also suspended by the Dutch Football Association for their role in a training camp prank in Turkey last year after displaying 'school trip behaviour ' .
Meanwhile , Arsenal lost their opening group game to Dinamo Zagreb and need to secure victory tonight to reignite their hopes of finishing above Bayern Munich .
Brexit : the career killer . Boris Johnson : humiliated and felled , even if they ended up with foreign secretary as a consolation prize . Michael Gove : tainted by their ruthlessness against Johnson and also by their late acceptance of conventional wisdom ( that Johnson is talented but unreliable ) and finally sacked . Nigel Farage : resigned . Andrea Leadsom : brutally and almost instantly exposed as out of their depth and sent to the ministerial wasteland that is Defra .
With Theresa May in No 10 , ­experience and competence have been restored . For that reason , there is room in May 's ­cabinet for some of Brexit 's fallen leaders . For the time being , however , the Remain ­campaign 's repeated warnings that Brexit would be bad for jobs have already proved prescient in one respect . The referendum has destroyed the prospects of Leave 's top brass . The Brexit crown wo n't stay on anyone 's head for more than a few days .
We once imagined , ironically , that the Brexit movement would be vulnerable to cynical exploitation by careerist politicians who were keen to make a name for themselves . They would climb aboard the Brexit bus , take an easy ride , and get off higher up the mountain . Quite the reverse . Politicians have not ridden to power on the back of Brexit ; Brexit has ridden to power on the back of them , breaking them in the process .
Like a superbug , Brexit inhabits its host spokespersons and women before choking the life out of them . The illness takes a horrible course , first imbuing the victim with great energy and enthusiasm , as though the ailment was in fact a cheering tonic . Then , at the peak of Brexit bounce , when the victim 's mood seems most adulatory , despair and withdrawal set in .
To adapt the celebrated lines spoken by Anthony Blanche in Brideshead Revisited , does Brexit , politically speaking , spot and kill everyone it touches ?
At the outset , I must make an important distinction between the perfectly legitimate and finely balanced argument about whether Britain should be outside the European Union – the Brexit debate that might have been – and the one that actually happened , with its £350m a week for new hospitals and the exploitation ( or wilful blindness ) of the emotive power of anti-immigration . The first debate , the proper one , might well have allowed the finest Brexit minds to shine . The second ( that is : real events ) has left them vulnerable , floundering amid tectonic shifts in the political landscape that they helped to initiate .
What about Andrea Leadsom , the darling of Brexit 's hard core ? Here the career-killing superbug showed the speed with which it operates . Have no truck with the fantasy that Leadsom was brought down by an establishment plot , the “ black ops ” imagined by Iain Duncan Smith . Leadsom , despite being a very inexperienced politician , applied for immediate promotion to the office of prime minister . They initially made great use of two cards – their “ business experience ” and their maternal instincts – but it turned out that both were liabilities once the serious campaign for high office began .
There is no need to revisit how several aspects of Leadsom 's CV unravelled . Them supporters put out the word that they were a high-flying banker who had “ managed billions ” . In effect , Leadsom 's team suggested they were Cristiano Ronaldo , while the evidence suggests they worked for Real Madrid 's PR team . Important work and all that , but not quite the same thing .
Them interview with Rachel Sylvester in the Times on 9 July exposed some of the problems not just with the candidate , but also with Brexit catchphrases . The interview showed the difference between believing that “ the old way of doing politics ” is too cynical and polished , and assuming that being incompetent in handling the ­media is a virtue .
Without saying anything interesting as a trade-off , Leadsom made several huge blunders . They offended people without children , perhaps entirely unintentionally , by implying that being a mother made them the superior candidate , with “ a tangible stake ” in the future . Then they offended feminists – and many non-feminists as well – by stating that they are n't a feminist because they are n't “ anti-men ” . Third , they blithely assumed that the EU would not impose any tariffs on a post-Brexit Britain . Finally , in furiously demanding that the Times retract the article and release the tape of the interview , they unwittingly exposed one last blunder : that they themselves ( or an aide ) had not recorded the interview , though speaking on the record to a journalist from a leading newspaper .
The fiasco contributed to Leadsom withdrawing from the two-woman leadership contest , before their current career suffered a calamitous fate – never mind the reading of jobs they held previously . Brexit , having first apparently been the making of Leadsom , quickly struck them down , too .
They deserve some sympathy . Them leadership campaign can be seen as the logical culmination of the political pressures on Brexiteers as they seek to turn serious . The political challenges are doubly difficult . First , there is the negotiation with Brussels , with rather a lot promised to the British public and nothing less than the survival of the EU at stake . Second , in office , any Brexiteer would have to level with the movement 's supporters .
* * *
The Leave campaign , evidently , rested on a delicate set of alliances , including as it did sovereignty-focused intellectuals , rural Conservative voters and the disenfranchised “ left-behinds ” . To say these groups voted for different things does not do justice to the problem .
It is worth recalling that Boris Johnson 's Telegraph column in the aftermath of Leave 's referendum victory , which caused them so many difficulties with hardcore Brexiteers , had also been read , adapted and signed off by Michael Gove . In other words , two experienced columnist-politicians , both of them media-savvy and intellectually gifted , found the challenge of converting Brexit the movement into Brexit the reality beyond their combined and considerable rhetorical gifts . During the campaign , Johnson 's popularity and Gove 's intellectual confidence powered the Brexit movement . Then Gove abruptly ended Johnson 's leadership hopes , thereby ending their own .
At a stroke , the argument – popular among Brexiteers – that the new prime minister had to be a Leaver pointed no longer to a leading politician , but instead to the inexperienced Leadsom . Within days of its electoral triumph , the Brexit movement found itself in a leadership vacuum of remarkable proportions .
Having finished off the politicians possessed of a track record , Brexit anointed someone without a recognisable political past . The flight to neophilia says a great deal : which experienced politician would fancy squaring that circle ? In retrospect , Leadsom 's Mary Poppins approach – it 's fine , absolutely fine , let 's be positive – was the logical conclusion of an unplayable hand . Sometimes rational logic has nowhere to go . Airy aspirations are all that remain .
As the author of a book called Luck , I am the first to admit that events take on a momentum of their own . Things could have been different . It was not inevitable that Gove would consult their conscience and conclude that they could not , in good faith , be Johnson 's kingmaker . Alternatively , if Gove 's conscience had hurried along a little quicker on its journey of discovery – whether this led to backing Johnson , or aban­doning them – then there could have been a recognised heavyweight Brexit candidate for prime minister .
But laughing off Brexit 's leadership deficit with a shrug in the direction of rogue circumstance leaves out too much . Its post-referendum leadership tumults are the rational consequence of fault lines running through the Leave campaign .
It is one thing for a Tory gentleman Brexiteer , taking a psychological canter over to the wrong side of the tracks , to conclude that Britain is two countries and that the poor are having a tough time , thanks to globalisation and the “ establishment ” . But what is their prescription for the social problems of Boston ? Extra evensong ? An added dollop of deference , spread evenly across the parish ? Free community copies of Edmund Burke ?
That the Brexit movement benefited from anti-immigrant sentiment and then conceded that immigration is unlikely to be reduced any time soon – if at all – was only one example of a recurrent theme of Brexit : capitalising from something that lots of people do n't like without having a solution on hand . An anti-establishment movement can gloss over policy ; a government can not .
Leadsom 's campaign raised the question of whether the Brexit movement is in fact governable . Or , as any potential Leave leader gets close to the real corridors of power , does the movement 's anti-establishment rhetoric undermine its own latest figurehead ? After all , it is a lot easier to rail against the Westminster elite when you 're not imminently approaching the top of it .
The case needs to be addressed that the Brexit career carnage has been caused by an intransigent Remain establishment . Having won , some of my Leave friends say , we are ready to compromise ; it 's you lot who are the problem .
That sentiment has not been shared by the Brexit movement 's most recognised faces . Indeed , Leadsom 's candidacy presented a new test of character to Brexiteers . Would they rally around the steely experience of Theresa May – a credible prime minister – or cling to whichever Leaver was left standing ? It is one thing to divide a party and destroy your prime minister , on the grounds that leaving the EU is more important than loyalty or party politics . But would Brexiteers endorse Leadsom over May , hence cementing the perception – often present , though previously unverifiable – that the question of Europe , among some sections of the Tory party , takes precedence over every aspect of political logic ? Boris Johnson and Iain Duncan Smith had no hesitation in giving an early answer : Leadsom .
* * *
As I write this , I can hear in my head the counterarguments to my case , so indulge me a brief autobiographical aside as I address them one by one . Am I writing through the prism of bitterness ? Are these the laments of a Remainer who ca n't accept we lost ? Far from it . There was always a legitimate case that the EU is a failing institution and that Britain would be better served by making arrangements outside the EU earlier rather than later . I would n't make the case myself , but I can see the logic .
The idea that Brexit would inexorably lead to long-term economic catastrophe ­always felt far-fetched ; I recoiled at the ­convenient precision of George Osborne 's prediction that households would be £4,300 worse off after Brexit . I am fortunate , though I , for one , voted Remain , that some of the most intelligent people I know argued for Leave – and none of them is remotely interested in immigration .
A tribal liberal ? Again , not so . My temperament is sceptical , pragmatic and anti-utopian : conservative , you might say .
Stuck inside a metropolitan bubble ? The Leave movement made much of Remain 's elitism , its failure to understand – or even acknowledge – the rest of Britain , especially the rest of England . By chance , I spent 13 years working in an antique travelling circus . We toured the nation , plying our trade in unflashy cities and county towns , rustling up whatever small crowds we could , chatting to punters after the final curtain , trying to keep a faltering show on the road . That is to say , I was a county cricketer .
Aigburth , Southend , Maidstone , Colwyn Bay , Chesterfield , Colchester , Haslingden , Malvern , Swansea , Portsmouth , Scarborough , Cheltenham , Blackpool – these places were my life for more than a decade . I am no stranger to England 's northern cities , still less to the Tory shires . They made me .
So it is with some perspective that I have watched the Brexit career plague sweep through its leadership ranks . After initial shock and disbelief , I began to discern a kind of inevitability . Single-issue movements , which circumnavigate the compromise and consensus-building that is hard-wired into conventional politics , are structurally ill-equipped to adapt to serious government . It is housebuilding without the foundations .
The Brexit career carnage should prove a salutary warning . “ We need a whole new political class , ” Brexiteers have often said lightly . The crucial words are missed out – a new “ and better ” political class . Indeed , last week the possibility loomed of a Leadsom-Farron-Corbyn triple whammy .
I 've always believed that politics should be porous to the “ civilian ” world rather than a closed guild of insiders . I 'm all for opening political conversation to fresh voices ; not everyone has to study PPE at Oxford . Yet we can now see that change does not automatically bring renewal ; outsiders do not always know best , and a base level of competence is a prerequisite . As proof , look again at Leadsom 's outraged reaction to the Times printing what they had said . There is , you might say , a place for expertise . Promising a new politics is easy ; high office is difficult .
Hence the last word belongs to an unlikely hero of political analysis . Andy Murray , having won Wimbledon , demonstrated an emotional intelligence equal to their deft touch on the court . Moments after sobbing into their towel , the release point after two weeks ' pressure and control , the Scot thanked David Cameron for watching the match . Some applauded , others jeered . Murray , in an instant , sensed they had to diffuse the awkwardness . “ I think playing a Wimbledon final 's tough – I certainly would n't like being prime minister : it 's an impossible job . ”
People who think Britain has much to be proud about – that we live in one of the most civilised and well-governed countries in the world – might consider that logic : it might be an impossible job but it 's a successful country . The people doing those ­impossible jobs have contributed to that success . Unless moderates celebrate the track record achieved by compromise , expertise and sound judgement , unless competence finds a more confident voice , then movements such as Brexit will be just the beginning .
Ed Smith is a contributing writer for the New Statesman
Politico reported on Monday that the George Soros-funded Priorities USA Action and Sen. Chuck Schumer 's ( D-NY ) Senate Majority PAC are the dark money behind the Alabama shell group that has spent more than $ 4.1 million to defeat conservative Republican Roy Moore in Tuesday 's Alabama U.S. Senate special election in which they face liberal Democrat Doug Jones :
Highway 31 , which has dropped more than $ 4.1 million in support of Jones and against Roy Moore ahead of Tuesday 's Senate special election , is a joint project of two of the largest national Democratic super PACs — Senate Majority PAC and Priorities USA Action — along with a group of Alabama Democrats , multiple senior officials familiar with the arrangement told POLITICO .
Highway 31 filed its statement of organization with the Federal Election Commission on November 6 , and in its 36 days of existence has delivered almost all of its $ 4.1 million of political messaging on credit provided by its largest vendors , three secretive Washington D.C. based consulting firms founded and run by former Obama campaign staffers .
The firms are Waterfront Strategies , a wholly owned subsidiary of GMMB Consulting , founded and run by former Obama campaign staffer Jim Margolis ; Bully Pulpit Interactive , founded and run by former Obama campaign staffer Andrew Bleeker ; and Putnam Partners , founded and run by former Obama campaign staffer Mark Putnam .
Federal Election Commission records show that Priorities Action USA raised and spent $ 192 million in the 2016 election cycle . The vast majority of the funds raised– $ 130 million out of $ 192 million–was donated by 37 individuals , each of whom donated more than $ 500,000 . Among the top donors were New York City financier James Simons , who donated $ 11 million ; Fred Eyechaner of Chicago , Illinois , who donated $ 11 million ; George Soros , who donated $ 9.5 million ; their son Alex Soros , who donated $ 1 million ; and Hollywood mavens Steven Spielberg and Jeff Katzenberg , who donated $ 1 million each .
Not a single one of these 37 individuals are residents of Alabama–14 are from California , nine are from New York , five are from Florida , three are from Illinois , two are from Connecticut , and one each are from Washington , D.C. , Michigan , Texas , and Nevada .
The Senate Majority PAC spent almost all the $ 92 million it raised in the 2016 election cycle . Two-thirds of the money it raised came from donors who gave more than $ 200 . George Soros was among those larger donors , contributing $ 1.5 million , as was their son , Alex Soros , who contributed $ 3.5 million .
Neither PAC has filed a report with the FEC since the period ending on June 30 , 2017 . Their next required filings , covering the period between July 1 , 2017 to December 31 , 2017 , are not required to be filed with the FEC , by law , until January of 2018 .
Nor is the Alabama-based shell independent organization it spawned , Highway 31 , required to file another financial status report with the FEC until January 21 , 2018 , more than a month after Tuesday 's election .
Circumstantial evidence to support Monday 's report in Politico that Highway 31 “ is a joint project ” between Priorities USA Action PAC and the Senate Majority PAC can be found in the 2016 election cycle reports filed with the FEC by the Senate Majority PAC . The majority of the $ 91 million it spent in the 2016 election cycle–a little more than $ 65 million–was paid to a single vendor : Waterfront Strategies , the same consulting firm that provided more than $ 1 million of advertising services to Highway 31 between November 6 and November 22 , entirely on credit .
November 22 was the ending period of the first and only financial status report that Highway 31 filed with the FEC . It showed that as of that date , the shell group had no assets and no cash , but owed Waterfront Strategies , Bully Pulpit Interactive , and Putnam Partners a little more than $ 1.7 million for services provided between November 6 and November 22 .
Since November 22 , Highway 31 incurred an additional $ 2.4 million in advertising expenditures , bringing its total to $ 4.1 million .
It is not known if Highway 31 's vendors have provided these additional services on credit to date .
It hardly matters , because it seems quite likely that at some point subsequent to the election on Tuesday , any one of the wealthy liberal donors who have funded Priorities USA Action PAC and the Senate Majority Fund–George Soros , James Simon , Steven Spielberg , Jeffrey Katzenberg–can stroke a check for the full amount of any debts incurred by Highway 31 , and the money will be passed through the Priorities USA Action PAC or the Senate Majority Fund to Highway 31 and immediately moved on to the vendors .
Though “ multiple senior officials familiar with the arrangement ” – presumably at Priorities USA Action PAC and the Senate Majority Fund –appeared eager to share their dark money secret , on background of course , with Politico the day before the Alabama U.S. Senate special election , a spokesperson for Highway 31 chose to play it coy when contacted by Breitbart News .
“ Highway 31 continues to follow every appropriate rule and regulation . Highway 31 will file contributors per the FEC reporting schedule , ” Highway 31 executive director Adam Muhlendorf told Breitbart News when asked to confirm or deny the Politico report that the PAC “ is a joint project of two of the largest national Democratic super PACs — Senate Majority PAC and Priorities USA Action . ”
Specifically , Google will see card numbers , amounts spent , and when the purchases happen . The company says it has tracked 5 billion store visits in the last three years and customers are 25 percent more likely to make an in-store purchase after clicking a search ad . Most retailers still prefer to spend on TV ads , according to The Washington Post . Google makes most of its money from ads and wants to show that its advertising is more effective , whether via search or YouTube .
Of course , data privacy is enough of a concern with your online behavior , let alone when you 're offline . Google says they use `` double-blind encryption , '' meaning that while retailers know if a user came to their store , the person 's identity will be anonymous . Still , a study has shown that a customer can be identified with as few as three anonymous credit card transactions .
Right now , internet shopping is destroying physical retail . Yet , even if you swear off Amazon , it seems your spending habits wo n't escape the data giants — they 'll follow you right to the mall .
Update : Google has not released details on exactly how its tracking works , but it does not have access to individually identifiable credit card data .
Additionally , credit card users can opt out of certain data sharing by contacting their company . Check out the FTC 's advice here .
Google :
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT RMITTED BY CODE , AS AFACTOR IN HOW HARD THE FIRE WASTO FIGHT. > > OUR BIGGEST CHALLENGE ISACCESS TO THE BUILDING.REPORTER : WITH NO ONE PERMITTEDINSIDE THE DAMAGED APARTMENTBUILDING , PRINCE GEORGE 'S COUNTYFIRE OFFICIALS USED A FIRETRUCK 'S BUCKET TO EXAMINE THEAREA WHERE MONDAY 'S FIRE SEEMSTO HAVE STARTED.EVEN TODAY , FIRE BURNED BENEATHTHE ROOF. > > IT 'S A LIGHTWEIGHT WOOD TRUSSCONSTRUCTION AND A MAJORITY OFALL THE FIRE WAS IN THE ROOFAREA OF THE TRUSSES , WHICHIMMEDIATELY STARTED TO COLLAPSE.ONCE THEY ARE LOADED EXCESSIVELYBY WATER OR EXPOSED TO FIRE ISWHEN THEY HAVE A LARGE POTENTIALFOR COLLAPSE.REPORTER : THE FIRE STARTEDYESTERDAY MORNING.IT CAUSED SO MUCH SMOKE THEUNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND CANCELLEDAFTERNOON CLASSES.ALL WAS BACK TO NORMAL TODAY.THE BUILDING WAS ABOUT A MONTHFROM COMPLETION. > > IT 'S CALLED DONUT HOLECONSTRUCTION , WITH A BIGCOURTYARD IN THE MIDDLE.REPORTER : JOSHUA BACA IS WITH AGROUP THAT INCLUDES THE CONCRETEINDUSTRY THAT PUSHES FOR TOUGHERBUILDING CODES.THEY ADVOCATE FOR STEEL ANDCONCRETE TO BE USED , AND USEDMONDAY 'S FIRE AS CASE IN POINT. > > THIS IS A LEGAL BUILDINGUNDER THE CURRENT CODE INMARYLAND.HOWEVER IT IS DANGEROUS AS WECAN SEE.WE BELIEVE THAT BUILDING WITHNON COMBUSTIBLE PRODUCTS LIKECONCRETE ARE SAFER THEY ARECHEAPER IN THE LONG RUN FORCONSUMERS AND THEY LAST ALIFETIMEREPORTER : BILLS IN THELEGISLATUIRE LAST YEAR THATWOULD HAVE IMPLEMENTED SUCHREQUIREMENTS FAILED.THE BUILDING INDUSTRY ARGUESLIGHTWEIGHT CONSTRUCTIONMATERIALS ARE SAFE , CHEAPER ANDFASTERTHE NEXT JOB HERE IS TO SHORE UPTHE BUILDING.THAT IS WHAT THOSE YELLOWSUPPORTS ARE BEHIND ME.THEY WILL BE USED FROM THE
Advertisement Construction materials questioned in College Park fire Investigators start to examine scene of five-alarm fire Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Fire investigators got their first look Tuesday at what may have led to a massive five-alarm fire in College Park that burned an apartment building under construction . Download the WBAL app Prince George 's County fire investigators were raised in a fire truck 's bucket early Tuesday afternoon to examine the area of the apartment building where Monday 's fire seems to have started . No one is yet permitted in the building , in the 4700 block of Berwyn House Road . Fire officials said the risk of collapse of the upper floors is too great . Firefighters continued to put out hot spots Tuesday . Fire officials cite the type of materials used in construction -- all permitted by code -- as a factor in how hard the fire was to fight . `` Our biggest challenge is access to the building . It 's a lightweight wood truss construction , and a majority of all the fire was in the roof area of the trusses , which immediately started to collapse , '' Prince George 's County Assistant Fire Chief Alan Doubleday said . `` Once they are loaded excessively by water or exposed to fire is when they have a large potential for collapse . '' The fire caused so much smoke that the University of Maryland-College Park canceled afternoon classes on Monday . All is back to normal on campus Tuesday . The building was about a month from completion . Joshua Baca is with Build With Strength , a group that includes the concrete industry that pushes for tougher building codes . The group advocates for steel and concrete to be used . The building that burned Monday used wood materials on the upper floors . `` This is a legal building under the current code in Maryland ; however , it is dangerous , as we can see , '' Baca said . `` We believe that building with noncombustible products like concrete are safer . They are cheaper in the long run for consumers , and they last a lifetime . '' Bills heard last year in the General Assembly that would have implemented such requirements failed . The building industry argues lightweight construction materials are safe , cheaper and faster . What remains unknown about the fire is whether the sprinkler system was operable and did it work ? `` We 're fortunate it was unoccupied at this point , for as much fire as we had , '' Doubleday said . The fire caused an estimated $ 39 million in damage and was the largest suppression effort and the highest fire loss estimate in the history of the Prince George 's County Fire Department , officials said . Related :
Billie the Brownie was a holiday mascot for Shuster 's Department Store in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . The enchanted little fellow was created in 1917 by Schuster 's Department stores to promote their toy department during the Christmas season .
“ Is it time for Billie the Brownie ? ” – a question asked by thousands of children during the Milwaukee holiday season .
Beginning on November 8th 1931 , about ten days before the big parade on Thanksgiving weekend and running up until Christmas eve , Billie the Brownie hosted a 15-minute radio program ( dial set to AM 620 ) at 5:00pm , seven days a week . Billie the Brownie entertained the children of Milwaukee for 24 years until the show 's last broadcast on Christmas Eve in 1955 .
The program began with the toot of a tin horn and the recorded voice of the Shannon Four singing “ Jingle Bells. ” Then came the announcement , “ Hello , boys and girls . This is Billie the Brownie coming to you live via a WTMJ radio at Schuster 's Department store in Downtown Milwaukee . ”
Each day , Billie the Brownie read updates from the North Pole that tracked the Santa 's progress as they readied their reindeer sleigh and the toys to be delivered to the boys and girls in Milwaukee area and beyond . Sometimes Billie communicated to the North Pole by short-wave radio and sometimes , Santa themselves visited the show . Mrs. Claus also made an appearance from time to time .
The daily program also included the reading of a story book , as well as a segment where Billie and their pal “ Captain ” Larry Teich ( who wrote the scripts for the show ) would read letters to Santa sent by area children . For example : “ ….and here we have a letter from little Bobby ( or Betty ) Jones of 44 N. Kramer Street in Milwaukee…. ” Letters to the program were simply addressed : “ Billie the Brownie c/o Schuster 's Department Store . ”
The letters were drawn from a large drum located at Schuster 's Brownie Toyland section of the store and read on the air each day . For every letter sent , a post card was sent to the sender with the message :
“ Dear [ name of child ] , Santa , Me-Tik , Reindeer and Schuster 's wish you a Merry Christmas . We all enjoyed reading your letter and hope to see you [ at Shuster 's ] before Christmas . Love , Billie the Brownie . ”
As for the storytelling on the program , children were asked to stand before the radio and shout , “ I have been good ” so Santa 's Magic Storybook would open . To open the book , a gong sounded and then Billie would say , “ Abra-cadabra ! ” Sometimes the book did not open , and sparks of guilt consumed some child out there in Radioland who knew they or they were responsible . A favorite story year-after-year was one called “ Why Christmas Trees Are Always Green . ”
Billie also received “ Billie 's Peeper Report ” – information gathered by peeping brownies who visited children 's home to see who was naughty and who was nice . If a child was not behaving or disobeying their parents like remembering to clean their rooms or be nice to their sibling , Billie the Brownie just might report that to Santa Claus . And you know what means : No presents for Christmas .
Clever parents used the ploy of having a conversation on the phone with caveats to Billie that their children were being naughty . Of course , the children overheard the conversation and immediately seguewayed into nice mode .
Other characters on the program were Me-Tik , Santa 's silent Eskimo “ Reindeer ” Drover , and Willie-Wag-Tail , who was always barking in the background on the show . Santa took the dog along in case they encountered a dog in one of the houses they visited . Willie-Wag-Tail would tell the dogs to be quiet as Santa went about their business .
Shortly before Christmas each year , the program 's radio transmissions would “ break-up ” ( on purpose ) . Then Santa who had seemingly lost their way would tell the children listening , “ Alright Boys & Girls pray hard and be especially good so Santa can find their way ! ”
On Christmas eve , it became a tradition in Milwaukee for children – before they went to bed – to leave a bone for Willie Wagtail , milk and cookies for Santa , bubble gum for Billie and sugar for the reindeer .
With the introduction of television in the 1950s , and shows like “ Howdy Doody , ” Billie the Brownie soon faded into history . The last Billie the Brownie show aired on December 24th , 1955 .
Billie the Brownie and Me-Tik still appeared in the annual Christmas parade through the 1960s and Gimbel 's resurrected Billie the Brownie in 1973 where they have played an important role in the department store 's Breakfast with Santa program .
In 2011 , in recognition of their 80th birthday the Milwaukee County Historical Society unveils its holiday exhibition , Milwaukee of Christmas Past : Schuster 's & Billie the Brownie .
Over the life of franchise , Billie the Brownie appeared in parades , in store windows and even holiday parties hosted at the Milwaukee Press Club . In fact , in 1927 , the first year of Schuster 's Reindeer Parade , a crowd of 100,000 people came out to see Santa , Me-Tik , Billie the Brownie , and other characters .
In 2006 , Doris Alaimo-Melillo authored the children 's book , “ Dori Mae and their Friend Billie ” ( Published by Premium Press America ) that captures the magic of the days when Billie the Brownie reigned supreme during the holiday season in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
NOTE : Noted Milwaukee broadcast journalist Carol Cotter provided the voice of Billie the Brownie from the late 1940s through the end of the series run . Cotter died in 2011 of complications from a stroke in Teaneck , N.J . They were 92 .
Prior to Cotter , others had voiced Billie the Brownie , including , Frank Barron in 1931 ; and from 1943-1945 , 16-year-old actor Sari Ross performed Billie 's high-pitch voice .
In 1962 , Gimbels purchased Schuster 's Department store . This created a retail company called Gimbels-Schusters with eight stores and 4,000 employees . After two years , “ Schusters ” was dropped from “ Gimbels-Schusters ” name . Schuster 's flagship store is now a vacant building on Martin Luther King Drive . Founded in 1887 , Gimbels , once the largest department store chain in the country , went out of business in 1987 .
Schuster 's Department Store
Southwest corner of N. 3rd and W. Garfield
Milwaukee , WI 53212
Billie the Brownie Retrospective ( Video )
Billie the Brownie History ( Website )
Billie the Brownie ( Newspaper Article )
Milwaukee Historical Society ( Webpage )
Billie the Brownie Radio Program – Christmas Eve , 1954 ( Video )
Excerpt from Billie the Brownie radio program ( Audio Clip )
Excerpt from Billie the Brownie radio program ( Audio Clip )
Advertisements
As the Dallas Observer noted last week , Eagle Mountain International Church 's pastor Terri Copeland Pearsons told their North Texas congregation last week that there had been a measles outbreak… and it stemmed from a member of their church .
What made that story particularly newsworthy was the fact that Pearsons ' father , celebrity televangelist Kenneth Copeland , had been a member of the Jenny McCarthy School of Bullshit , promoting the theory that there was a link between vaccines and autism even though no scientific testing had shown that to be true .
There are 20 confirmed cases of measles in the latest outbreak , according to the Texas Department of State Health Services . At least eight of the patients are members of the Eagle Mountain International Church , church officials said , and 15 of the cases are in Tarrant County where the church is located . … In an August 2010 Believer 's Voice of Victory webcast , Copeland discussed having their first grandchild and being alarmed at the number of vaccinations the child was supposed to be given . They called the process of immunization “ downright criminal . ”
Some people think I am against immunizations , but that is not true . Vaccinations help cut the mortality rate enormously . I believe it is wrong to be against vaccinations . The concerns we have had are primarily with very young children who have family history of autism and with bundling too many immunizations at one time . There is no indication of the autism connection with vaccinations in older children . Furthermore , the new MMR vaccination is without thimerosal ( mercury ) , which has also been a concern to many . … The risks associated during an outbreak really outweigh the risks of the vaccination . Therefore I strongly feel that our children and even adults of all ages need to be immunized now to stop the spread of measles and prevent those potential complications . Also , the disease is only shut down when all are immunized .
There 's no evidence that I 've seen that suggests Pearsons themselves ever preached the same non-science ( despite a USA Today article that suggests otherwise ) . And immediately after the outbreak was traced back to their church , Pearsons very bluntly told their congregation to get vaccinated ( PDF ) :
Keep in mind , though , that their church promotes “ faith healing , ” which may suggest to members of their congregation that they should trust in God in lieu of vaccines…
Who deserves the blame is a secondary issue , though . The fact is that if there was n't so much misinformation about science coming from people who distrust it for religious or other bogus reasons , the outbreak could have been prevented . We need more church leaders to take Pearsons ' lead now and remind their congregations that vaccines benefit all of us and the only kind of science against them is junk science .
Sandhill cranes are among more than 300 species of migratory birds that have been killed legally across the US since 2011 to protect a wide range of business activities and public facilities under what 's called the “ depredation permit ” program . ( Photo : Tom Knudson/Reveal )
Truthout combats corporate power by bringing you trustworthy , independent news . Join our mission by making a donation now !
This story was originally published by Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting .
Every spring , bird-watchers from across America gather in Nebraska for one of the continent 's great avian spectacles – the mass migration of sandhill cranes through an hourglass-like passage along the Platte River .
The birds rarely disappoint : With enormous wingspans , they circle like hang gliders over the river valley , filling the air with raucous revelry . And according to fossil records , they 've been carrying on like that for quite some time : 9 million years , in fact , making them North America 's oldest bird species .
But some several hundred miles northeast in Wisconsin and Michigan , sandhill cranes are met with a different reception : They are shot dead by farmers or their hired guns under a little-known federal program that allows for the killing of birds protected by one of this nation 's bedrock conservation laws , the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 .
Red-tailed hawks are among the migratory birds that have been killed under the federal “ depredation permit ” program . ( Photo : Tom Knudson/Reveal ) What happens to those cranes may seem surprising . But it is not out of the ordinary .
Reveal has obtained never-before-released data from the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service showing more than 300 species of migratory birds – from red-tailed hawks to American kestrels , turkey vultures to mallard ducks – have been killed legally across the United States since 2011 to protect a wide range of business activities and public facilities under what 's called the “ depredation permit ” program .
Even in the best of times , migratory birds lead perilous lives . Today , with climate change and habitat loss adding to the danger , wildlife advocates say the government-sanctioned killing is a taxpayer-funded threat that the birds should not have to face , one that is hidden from the public and often puts the needs of commerce ahead of conservation .
The birds are dispatched to protect farm fields , vineyards , air traffic , golf courses , pistachio orchards , landfills , fish farms , zoos and aquariums . Some birds are killed for environmental reasons , such as protecting rare Western snowy plovers .
For their part , most of the sandhill cranes usually were killed for eating farmers ' potatoes and corn .
Most of the species killed are in no biological danger – their populations are stable . But many are beloved by a broad swath of American society , including great blue herons , white and brown pelicans , cedar waxwings , robins , belted kingfishers and mourning doves .
And some are struggling to cope with habitat loss , climate change and other threats and are classified by the government as “ birds of conservation concern. ” These include upland sandpipers , lesser yellowlegs , roseate spoonbills and red-throated loons , who , because of declining populations , could be on their way to the endangered species list .
Agency policy says killing birds is meant to be a temporary fix . Yet its own data show lethal removal often is the default option . Eighty-nine of the 100 businesses and agencies responsible for the most mortalities received permission from the service to kill the same species of birds at least three years in a row , the permit data show .
Even the service 's top permitting official is concerned . George Allen , head of the migratory bird division 's permits and regulation office , said he 'd want to address that issue if they had time to revisit the agency 's rules .
“ It 's just not one we 've worked on , ” they said .
The total body count for a recent three-year period came to 1.6 million , including more than 4,600 sandhill cranes . Four populous species – brown-headed cowbirds , red-winged blackbirds , common grackles and Canada geese – accounted for two-thirds of the mortalities .
But many less common birds were killed , too , including 875 upland sandpipers , 479 barn owls , 79 wood ducks , 55 lesser yellowlegs , 46 snowy owls , 12 roseate spoonbills , three curlew sandpipers , two red-throated loons and one western bluebird .
Most of the birds killed under the federal “ depredation permit ” program , including great blue herons , have stable populations and are n't in any biological danger . ( Photo : Tom Knudson/Reveal )
Birds were killed from coast to coast , but certain places were more deadly than others .
The most lethal state was Louisiana , where nearly 600,000 brown-headed cowbirds were killed in part to protect rice farms .
The second deadliest was California , where American coots were killed by the thousands to protect golf course greens and fairways . Usually the birds are shot , but sometimes they 're fed bait laced with a chemical that makes them fall asleep . Then they 're rounded up and killed in portable carbon dioxide chambers in the backs of pickup trucks . In California , some robins also were killed to protect vineyards .
No . 3 was Arkansas , where more than 22,000 double-breasted cormorants and thousands of other fish-eating birds were killed at fish hatcheries and aquaculture facilities .
Most of the killing is carried out without public notice . Even many conservationists are unaware of it . But those who are familiar with the permit program mostly do n't like it . They say that nonlethal options – such as scaring birds away or making the landscape less bird-friendly – are not given enough consideration and that lethal action is too often the default option .
“ Nonlethal methods should always be given preference in these kinds of situations , ” said Mike Daulton , vice president of government relations for the National Audubon Society , one of the nation 's oldest and most powerful conservation organizations . “ The Migratory Bird Treaty Act is one of America 's most important wildlife conservation laws , and it should be strongly and reasonably enforced to maintain healthy wild populations of America 's native birds . ”
Allen at the Fish and Wildlife Service said allowing the killing of nuisance birds protected by the Migratory Bird Treaty Act is n't antithetical to the service 's mission of conserving wildlife populations .
“ Promoting populations is good , ” they said . “ But without offering people an option to control what are obvious problems , we 're not doing our job , either . ”
See the data : Birds killed under depredation permits in the United States
Birds and humans have clashed for generations , of course . That 's why farmers put out scarecrows . But as cities and agriculture have grown , the scope of the conflicts has expanded . Today , even green industries sometimes kill birds . The government estimates that wind farms will take the lives of 1 million birds every year by 2030 . To make that legal , the Fish and Wildlife Service is considering a new permit system for the “ incidental ” killing of birds protected by the Migratory Bird Treaty Act .
That act , a cornerstone of U.S. conservation history , grew out of an era of excess and slaughter at the turn of the 20th century . Many of North America 's migratory birds were being decimated , not for food but for feathers and other body parts that were used to make ladies ' hats , which had become signs of luxury and sophistication . In 1916 , the United States and Great Britain , on behalf of Canada , signed the Migratory Bird Treaty Act . It became illegal to kill or capture migratory birds , as well as to buy or sell them .
The U.S. government , however , later made an exception . If a migratory bird is causing economic damage ( such as destroying crops ) , posing a risk to humans ( airports ) or doing some other type of damage , a landowner can ask the Fish and Wildlife Service to approve the “ lethal take , ” or killing , of the problem birds .
In order to get a permit , applicants must explain what nonlethal measures they 've tried and why they did n't work . The idea is to demonstrate that killing the birds is a last resort .
American kestrels are among the migratory birds that have been killed under the federal “ depredation permit ” program . ( Photo : Tom Knudson/Reveal ) The Fish and Wildlife Service generally does n't have the capacity to rigorously check what alternative methods each and every applicant has tried . Instead , it farms the work out to another government agency with a similar name but different mission : Wildlife Services , a branch of the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
For generations , Wildlife Services has long specialized in killing wildlife – including migratory birds – that are considered a threat to agriculture , commerce and the public . In recent years , the agency 's practices have drawn volleys of criticism from wildlife advocates and some members of Congress , who say they are scientifically unsound , heavy-handed and inhumane .
The agency relies on traps , snares and poison that kill indiscriminately . In 2012 , the Sacramento Bee reported that Wildlife Services had killed more than 50,000 animals by mistake since 2000 , including federally protected bald and golden eagles ; more than 1,100 dogs , including family pets ; and several species considered rare or imperiled . The investigation also noted that a growing body of science has found the agency 's killing of predators “ is altering ecosystems in ways that diminish biodiversity , degrade habitat and invite disease . ”
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Office of Inspector General now is conducting an audit to determine if the agency 's lethal control is justified and effective .
“ Wildlife Services depends on killing predators and depredating migratory birds for its existence . When that 's what you do for a living , you tend to encourage people to adopt that solution , ” said Daniel Rohlf , an environmental lawyer and professor at Lewis and Clark Law School in Oregon .
When landowners do get a permit to kill birds , Wildlife Services often is contracted to do the work . That contributes to a tendency to look to lethal control , rather than find more creative , nonlethal solutions , Rohlf said .
But many wildlife managers say killing the birds , while controversial , is an important tool in protecting property and human safety .
Stephen Vantassel is a former wildlife management operator who runs the Internet Center for Wildlife Damage Management at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln . People are too quick to “ demonize ” lethal control , they said . It 's an important element in any wildlife control plan .
Vantassel said that in some cases , killing a few birds in tandem with other methods , such as loud blasts , makes those nonlethal methods more effective since some species will come to associate the noise with death .
But the International Crane Foundation , the world 's largest crane protection organization in Baraboo , Wisconsin , says the deaths just make room for other birds to take their place in prime habitat .
The foundation 's research coordinator , Anne Lacy , was startled to hear that so many sandhill cranes were being killed . “ It 's ineffective , ” they said . “ Shooting two or five or 10 out of a flock – five days later , another group of birds might move through . ”
Most of the birds killed under the federal “ depredation permit ” program , including white pelicans , have stable populations and are n't in any biological danger . ( Photo : Tom Knudson/Reveal )
There are alternatives to lethal methods , from reflective tape to pyrotechnics to hanging dead birds in effigy to frighten living ones away . That 's what the Fish and Wildlife Service recommended that The Living Desert , a zoo in Palm Desert , California , do to deal with a raven problem . And it also offered some public relations advice . “ It is strongly encouraged that efforts are conducted out-of-view of the public , ” the permit says .
In Wisconsin , the crane foundation recommends a corn seed treatment it helped develop called Avipel that irritates the birds ' stomachs so much that they fly off to find other food .
But more and more , people are turning to old-fashioned solutions : dogs and falcons .
Specially trained border collies are hired to race around golf courses , parks and other places to chase away nuisance birds on a regular basis . New York City 's Central Park took on two collies in 2007 to keep geese away . And Portland International Airport , which has one of the lowest rates of intentional bird deaths among major metropolitan airports , also employs a collie , named Fish , to chase geese .
Falconers are hired to fly the predatory birds above vineyards , berry farms and landfills to scare – but not kill – depredating birds . Brad Felger , the president of Airstrike Bird Control , got their start decades ago as a falconry hobbyist who put their birds to use at California 's Central Coast vineyards . Now their team operates at vineyards , farms , landfills and power stations throughout California and the Pacific Northwest .
“ It 's starting to be recognized as an extremely effective method , ” Felger said . “ It uses the predator-prey response to put the small birds into overload . It 's a little too much for them and they just move on . ”
This story was edited by Andrew Donohue and copy edited by Sheela Kamath .
Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting is a nonprofit news organization based in the San Francisco Bay Area . Subscribe to the Reveal podcast and visit our website to learn more .
What if prisons were designed to educate and encourage , rather than simply to punish ? In the face of huge challenges , we meet those who are helping inmates find compassion , courage and purpose
This summer saw a surge in the jail population of England and Wales . Numbers of inmates rose by 1,200 between May and August to 86,413 and the figure is expected to keep growing . In contrast , the number of prison officers is falling year on year . A combination of harsh sentencing policies and an ageing population means prisons are now the largest providers of care for elderly men .
Give stories , not stuff
Not only are they cramped , with 24.5 per cent of prisoners held in crowded conditions according to the 2016/17 National Offender Management Service report , they 're also desperately unhappy places . In November 2016 , a report by the Howard League showed that suicides in UK prisons had reached an all-time high . The March 2017 Safety in Custody bulletin showed that self-harm had peaked to more than 40,000 recorded incidents in a year . Many prison officers who remain speak of deep-rooted drug problems , substances like synthetic cannabinoid spice riddling the wings . Over nine per cent of random drug tests in 2016 were positive .
Prisons are now the largest providers of care for elderly men
In response , a swelling choir of voices – from prisoners to charity representatives – is clamouring for change . Earlier this year , the word ‘ punishment ' was removed from the first legal definition of the purpose of prisons in the Prison and Courts Bill . Under the reforms , prisons will have a statutory duty to rehabilitate offenders . Many experts are calling for non-custodial alternatives to be promoted in place of prison sentences , while others point to evidence that long sentences are no greater deterrent than shorter ones .
The UK government is making some effort to improve things : it has committed to create up to 10,000 ‘ modern ' prison places , aimed at reducing overcrowding and creating the right conditions for reform . At the newly built HMP Berwyn in Wrexham , inmates are to be called ‘ men ' rather than prisoners , and prison officers are asked to knock before entering their cells , which will instead be known as ‘ rooms ' .
Charities have a track record of success when it comes to rehabilitating prisoners . Some 28 per cent of charity projects have reduced reoffending , compared with 19 per cent of private companies , according to a report by charity thinktank New Philanthropy Capital . Nina Champion is head of policy at Prisoners ' Education Trust , which supports prisoners in England and Wales to study distance learning courses . In the criminal justice sector , charities often “ fill the gap ” left by government , they say . “ They are excellently qualified to do so , but they need to be adequately resourced , and properly recognised for the vital work they do . In the private sector , ultimately outcomes are about profit . Our outcomes are about the service user . ”
Give stories , not stuff
Ben is one of the ex-offenders who has benefited from accessing education in prison . At the age of 30 , they have already served three sentences . They insist that education is the key to quashing reoffending : “ When you go inside you 're used to Instagram , Facebook , Twitter , constant data . The best form of entertainment you can get in prison is a TV and a PlayStation , if you 're lucky . You 're bored . You 're pissed off . Engaging in education , it gets you excited about something . ”
Under the reforms , prison governors will be held responsible for the rehabilitation of inmates , and given more control over how their prisons try to help inmates . But perhaps prisoners themselves are uniquely placed to know what works . Habib , an inmate in HMP Swaleside , came up with a possible solution to the suicide crisis in prisons . There were 120 self-inflicted deaths in prison in 2016 . Many prisoners have mental health problems but accessing counselling and other forms of emotional support can take months . Some inmates have complained of waiting lists longer than their sentences .
You 're bored , you 're pissed off . Engaging in education , it gets you excited about something
So Habib developed The Emotional Wellbeing Scheme . It trains inmates as mentors who are then able to offer one-on-one counselling to prisoners at risk of self-harm or suicide . Habib worked with a prison counsellor to set up the scheme , which now has more than 12 mentors . They are easily recognisable in prison by their maroon uniforms and can be approached at any time . Morwenna Bennallick , who spent the last year carrying out PhD research at HMP Swaleside , says : “ When prisons are facing chronic staff shortages , using the skills and commitment of prisoners like Habib is what needs to happen . The Emotional Wellbeing Scheme shows the sort of changes that are possible when prisoners are given the space to be active members of a community . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tech-savvy Dubai police have unveiled a hoverbike capable of flying five metres ( 16 feet ) above the ground .
The high-tech crime-fighting vehicle was shown off to onlookers at a recent tech convention , alongside a prototype robotic car .
When piloted , the hoverbike can fly for up to 25 minutes , hit speeds of up to 70 kph ( 43mph ) and carry up to 300kg ( 47 stone ) of weight .
Without a police officer aboard , it can hit six meters ( 16 feet ) in height . The vehicle was co-developed with Russian drone manufacturer Hoversurf .
( Image : CEN )
( Image : CEN )
( Image : CEN )
Meanwhile , the driverless car will be able to remotely cruise the streets of Dubai searching for lawbreakers .
`` It can recognise people in any area and identify suspicious objects and can track suspects , '' explained one police officer .
`` It has a drone and the user needs to access the car through fingerprint . It will be deployed at tourist destinations in Dubai . It has cameras and will be linked to the command room . ''
( Image : CEN )
( Image : CEN )
The police force revealed the new tech at the Gitex Technology Week Exhibition in the city of Dubai , Dubai Emirate , north-eastern UAE .
Japanese company Mikasa is responsible for producing the car - which can hit a top speed of 200kph ( 124mph ) .
Both vehicles are currently undergoing testing but will be deployed on the streets as soon as possible .
Bos Wars Downloads
Development version
The latest and the greatest can be downloaded from subversion as explained in the development page .
For the development version of Bos Wars , we have extra maps .
Version 2.7 ( 2013/6/16 )
The extra maps will work with these versions .
Old Versions : `` Bos Wars ''
Version 2.6.1 ( 2010/4/18 )
Bos Wars 2.6.1 is compatible with Bos Wars 2.6 . The extra maps work with both versions .
Version 2.6 ( 2010/4/11 )
For Bos Wars 2.6 , we have extra maps
Version 2.5 ( 2008/3/1 )
For Bos Wars 2.5 , we have extra maps
Version pre2.5 ( 2008/1/26 )
Version 2.4.1 ( 2007/9/2 )
Version 2.4 ( 2007/8/6 )
Version pre2.4 ( 2007/7/3 )
Version 2.3 ( 2007/3/4 )
Old Versions : `` Invasion - Battle of Survival ''
Version 2.0.1 ( 2006/12/17 )
Version 2.0 ( 2006/12/9 )
Version 2.0 Alpha ( 2006/11/2 )
Version 1.1 ( 2004/7/4 )
Linux : bos_1_1.tar.gz
Debian Linux : bos package in debian unstable by David Martínez Moreno .
Windows : BattleOfSurvival-1.1.exe
Version 1.1 pre 1
Version 1.0
This version of Invasion - Battle of Survival works with version 2.2.1 of the Stratagus engine.This version of Invasion - Battle of Survival works with version 2.2 of the Stratagus engine.This version of Invasion - Battle of Survival works with version 2.2 of the Stratagus engine.This version of Invasion - Battle of Survival works with version 2.1 of the Stratagus engine . The packages include a pre-compiled binary of the stratagus engine.This version of Invasion - Battle of Survival works with version 2.1 of the Stratagus engine.This version of Invasion - Battle of Survival works with version 2.0 of the Stratagus engine .
From VOA Learning English , this is the Economics Report .
Chinese officials have predicted lower economic growth again this year . They say that huge government spending programs are coming to a close .
Instead , officials say they are seeking what they call “ higher quality ” but more modest growth . The goal is to increase domestic consumption and grow the economy in a more balanced way .
Last week , Chinese Premier Li Keqiang reinforced this opinion when they announced a target growth rate of seven percent for 2015 . That is well below the Chinese economy 's average over the last 20 years .
However , there are signs that the government has not yet ended its big spending programs . Li Keqiang announced a 13 percent increase in fixed asset investments , things like buildings and machinery . The premier also said there would be new spending in energy , railways , water management and housing .
Some economists believe this spending will be greater than needed to reach the government 's growth target . Shen Jianguang is chief Asia economist at Mizuho Securities Asia in Hong Kong . They call the additional investments a “ silent stimulus plan . ”
In January , Li Keqiang promised to create 10 million new jobs in 2015 , partly through investment in building projects .
The new spending program is less than the stimulus plan China put in place during the world financial crisis . In 2008 , China announced a spending package of $ 570 billion . This year , however , Mr. Li has set aside $ 260 billion for spending in infrastructure and parts of the economy .
Yet the spending increase does nothing to increase personal buying in China or create demand for goods and services .
Recently , a professor at Renmin University spoke to Chinese state-run broadcaster CCTV . Tao Ran said that consumption levels are much less than what is needed to guarantee steady growth . Spending by the public is estimated at just about 40 percent of the economy while spending by government agencies makes up the rest .
The government is borrowing money to pay for new projects . Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said in a news conference that deficit spending will be about 2.7 percent of the gross domestic product . That is the value of all goods and services produced by the economy in one year . It is an increase over last year and almost as much as during the financial crisis year of 2009 .
China 's debt has increased four times since 2007 . The McKinsey Global Institute estimated in February that total debt in China was valued at 282 percent of the economy . That includes government , corporate and household debt . The same report estimates U.S. debt to be 269 percent of GDP .
China 's Ministry of Finance had been limiting spending to cool the economy . But Mr. Shen says the Finance Ministry appears to be changing that policy .
China 's local governments hold large amounts of debt and that has hurt their ability to invest in new infrastructure . Yin Zhongqing , deputy director of the Finance and Economic committee of the National People 's Congress , spoke to reporters recently . They said the central government would offer about $ 160 billion in low-interest bonds to replace existing debt owed by local governments .
And that 's the Economics Report for VOA Learning English . I 'm Mario Ritter .
Saibal Dasgupta reported this story for VOA from Beijing , China . Mario Ritter wrote it for Learning English . Caty Weaver was the editor .
_______________________________________________________________
Words in This Story
domestic consumption – n. products and services bought and used within the country in which they are produced
average – n. a number that is calculated by adding quantities together and then dividing the total by the number of quantities
asset – n. a valuable person or thing
infrastructure package – n. a group of related things that go together
infrastructure – n. the basic equipment and structures ( such as roads and bridges ) that are needed for a country , region , or organization to operate
What follows is my best guess for the first round of the 2017 amateur draft . I 'll update it the day of the draft itself ( June 12 ) , perhaps several times . Players have been assigned to teams based on multiple factors : rumors I 've heard from various industry sources , the presence of front-office members at certain games ( especially lately ) , each club 's own particular modus operandi , etc . Be sure to check out our draft rankings here .
1 . Minnesota – Kyle Wright , RHP , Vanderbilt
It sounds like Louisville LHP/1B Brendan McKay is also under heavy consideration here and that Minnesota would evaluate them both ways in pro ball for a while . Hunter Greene and MacKenzie Gore are dark horses but less likely than the Wright or McKay .
2 . Cincinnati – Hunter Greene , RHP , Notre Dame HS ( CA )
The Reds had about a half-dozen scouts at the ACC tournament in Louisville and watched Brendan McKay 's middling start , though I think they prefer them as a bat . He 's a possibility , but Greene is more likely and , in my opinion , the better prospect .
3 . San Diego – MacKenzie Gore , LHP , Whiteville HS ( NC )
I think the Padres would take Greene if they were available here and would be fine with JSerra shortstop Royce Lewis , too , but Padres decision makers have seen some of Gore 's best starts all year .
4 . Tampa Bay – Brendan McKay , 1B/LHP , Lousiville
I think this is where McKay stops and that the Rays take them as a bat . If McKay goes at No . 1 , I think Wright goes here , though the Rays had multiple high-level executives at MacKenzie Gore 's last start , too .
5 . Atlanta – Royce Lewis , SS , JSerra HS ( CA )
There have been a lot of crazy rumors about the Braves and they ca n't all possibly be true , but of course the Braves have n't been afraid to do things differently in order to maximize the overall talent they get in a single class before . As such , we have to at least consider the possibility they might get creative here . I think they 'd like McKay or Gore and there 's a chance they cut an underslot deal ( it would have to be at a huge discount and would still be risky ) , but Lewis is the best player on the board in this scenario .
Royce Lewis : going to Atlanta ? ( Photo : Bill Mitchell )
6 . Oakland – Austin Beck , OF , North Davidson HS ( NC )
Beck had a private workout in Oakland over the weekend and has the kind of tools the A 's ca n't buy on the open market .
7 . Arizona – Adam Haseley , CF , Virginia
D-backs GM Mike Hazen was at the ACC Tournament and Haseley looked great in center field all weekend .
8 . Philadelphia – Pavin Smith , 1B , Virginia
Scouting director Johnny Almaraz and advisor/hitting genius Charlie Manuel were at the ACC Tournament and GM Matt Klentak has seen the UVA kids . I also think there 's a chance they cut a deal here to try to move Trevor Rogers back to their second pick , or they could just take Rogers here .
9 . Milwaukee – Jo Adell , OF , Ballard HS ( KY )
Milwaukee has a tendency to draft for ceiling , and Adell has as high of one as any bat in this class . I think they 'd take Beck if they were here .
10 . Los Angeles of Anaheim – J.B Bukauskas , RHP , North Carolina
Anaheim has reached for a college player in the first round each of the last two years and taken overslot talents later in the draft . That 's not as easy this year , however , with more uniform bonus amounts on the margin . The Angels have been linked to Adell , but he 's likely to have been selected by this point and Bukauskas is solid value here after falling due to poor outings over the last few weeks .
11 . Chicago AL – Jeren Kendall , CF , Vanderbilt
If any of the three toolsy outfielders ( Adell , Beck , Kendall ) or UVA hitters are here , I think they 're the pick .
12 . Pittsburgh – Shane Baz , RHP , Concordia Lutheran HS ( TX )
The Pirates are one of the clubs that weight things like spin rate more heavily , and Baz has some of the best data in the class while also possessing premium stuff . That said , there are also some signability rumors with Baz . He 's committed to TCU , Matt Purke 's former school . They could reach for a college hitter like North Carolina SS Logan Warmoth .
13 . Miami – D.L . Hall , LHP , Valdosta HS ( GA )
Basically a carbon copy of Braxton Garrett , the Marlins ' first-round selection last year , Hall is a slightly undersized prep lefty with a plus fastball and curveball . Bukauskas could also go here if he 's still available .
14 . Kansas City – Jake Burger , 3B , Missouri State
Kansas City had a large contingent in Fayetteville to see Burger . I also have them on Jeren Kendall .
15 . Houston – Keston Hiura , 2B , UC Irvine
Arguably the best pure hitter in the collegiate ranks , Hiura appeals to Houston 's analytical tendencies — and they have margin for error with them defensively in the AL . I think they 'd take Baz if they were here .
16 . New York AL – Trevor Rogers , LHP , Carlsbad HS ( NM )
The Yankees have sent special assistants in to see Rogers .
17 . Seattle – Nick Pratto , 1B , Huntington Beach HS ( CA )
Pratto would simply be good value at 17 . I also think UCLA RHP Gage Canning is a possibility .
18 . Detroit – Sam Carlson , RHP , Burnsville HS ( MN )
A hard-throwing prep righty with a protoypical build , Carlson is very much Detroit 's style . I 've heard they could start the run on the next tier of prep outfielders here , too , either with Puerto Rican CF Heliot Ramos or Georgia high schooler Drew Waters .
19 . San Francisco – Evan White , 1B , Kentucky
I also have the Giants with Missouri State 3B Jake Burger and Georgia prep C Luis Campusano .
20 . New York NL – David Peterson , LHP , Oregon
I think Peterson is off the board before this ( and they should be , I think he 's a top-10 prospect in the draft ) , but I have n't heard their name connected strongly enough with any specific team to mock them ahead of this . J.P. Ricciardi has seen the UVA bats ( Haseley , Smith ) , but neither of them is getting this far .
21 . Baltimore – Alex Lange , RHP , LSU
I 've heard Baltimore with California prep righty Matt Sauer and , in general , college arms . Lange 's stuff has ticked up recently , with some scouts throwing a 70 on their curveball .
22 . Toronto – Logan Warmoth , SS , North Carolina
Warmoth might go earlier than this , and I think Florida RHP Alex Faedo is a possibility here , too . Toronto is the first team to pick twice , so this might be an overslot prospect .
23 . Los Angeles NL – Bubba Thompson , OF , McGill-Toolen HS ( AL )
Thompson to LA has been a rather ubiquitous rumor .
24 . Boston – Seth Romero , LHP , Houston
Boston was n't scared away by Jason Groome 's off-field issues last year , and Romero has top 15 stuff .
25 . Washington – Tristan Beck , RHP , Stanford
Beck is the best prospect who has fallen solely because of injury , a well from which Washington has been glad to draw several times in the past .
26 . Texas – Mark Vientos , SS , American Heritage HS ( FL )
The Rangers have two picks quite close to one another ( 26 and the Ian Desmond comp pick at 29 overall ) , and they can take a projectable , expensive , high schooler here and then go under slot with their next pick .
27 . Chicago NL – M.J. Melendez , C , Westminster Christian ( FL )
If any of the other college bats already mocked falls this far , I think they go here . Same for Trevor Rogers . Melendez plays a premium position and has high-end makeup , two Cubs priorities . And while prep catchers are especially risky , s the club can mitigate their class 's risk by taking a safer asset with the pick received from St. Louis for Dexter Fowler . They might also go over slot here with a pitcher like CA high schooler Michael Mercado and then cut a deal at 30 .
The Lost 45 's and 78 's From Iraq ( From the Baghdad based label : Chakmakchiphon .
Tracklist :
00:00 Rim Mahmoud - ابو ذيه - عينيها توجد نزل ( Chakmakchiphon - E.A.A . 87 )
05:45 Nazem al-Ghazali - ماريده غلوبي ( Chakmakchiphon - CHAC 165 )
08:30 Ahmed al-Khalil - Ana Aswet ( Chakmakchiphon ‎– A.A.33 )
11:40 Abdel Wahed Ahmed - بسسته - قاخ كيده غ ( Chakmakchiphon - 127 )
14:30 Firqat al-Inshad al-Basriyya - ان شكوت الهوى - Part 1 ( Chakmakchiphon - A.A. 389 )
17:20 Dakhel Hassan - هجع ( Chakmakchiphon - 135 )
20:20 Hudayri Abu Aziz - على ديب اليمرون ( Chakmakchiphon - CHAC 189 )
23:30 Firqat al-Inshad al-Basriyya - ربحيتك رعيروك حسن Part 1 ( Chakmakchiphon - CHAC EP 12 )
26:20 Abdel Saheb Sharad - Ajeeba ( Chakmakchiphon - E.A.A . 130 45 )
31:08 Rim Mahmoud – قريشي ( Chakmakchiphon - E.A.A . 89 )
37:16 Abdel Wahed Ahmed - بسسته - اويانه ماني ( Chakmakchiphon - CHAC 126 )
40:17 Nazem Al-Ghazali - المحبة الجلبية ( Chakmakchiphon - A.A. 29 )
46:50 Ahlam Wahbi – يتيمة ( Chakmakchiphon - A.A. 12 )
A 35-year-old man was shot in the cheek Saturday night in an apartment building on Kennedy Dr. in Dartmouth , according to Halifax Regional Police .
They were called to the area around 11p.m .
`` When officers arrived they found a male that had been shot in their face , they were taken to the QEII where they remain there now , '' said Staff Sgt . Bill Morris with the Halifax Regional Police .
The man 's injuries do not appear to be life threatening said police .
It 's not clear what led to the shooting or if the man was shot by someone they knew .
`` We have our forensic identification people on scene at the apartment and they 're processing that now , even though it 's like six hours we 're still in the early stages trying to piece together exactly what happened , '' said Morris .
No arrests have been made and there are no suspects in custody .
Santa Miller came early this year .
Broncos linebacker Von Miller gifted every player in the AFC West — including practice-squad players and those on injured reserve — with a bottle of custom wine and a thank-you note . That 's more than 200 bottles .
The 2014 Cabernet Sauvignon , called The Setting , was created by Jesse Katz , a Boulder native and Fairview High grad , who founded Devil Proof Vineyards and Aperture Cellars in California . ( Katz also created a custom blend for the wedding of Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel . )
On the label of each bottle is an orange outline of eye-glasses , Miller 's signature accessory , and their autograph . And shipped with each was a note that read :
It is an honor and a privilege to take the field and compete with you twice a year . We are so fortunate to have this opportunity to fulfill our childhood dreams of playing in the NFL . The blood , sweat , aches and pains , and endless hours spent watching film are a testament to the love and dedication we have for this game . So take a moment , reflect on all your successes , and enjoy your accomplishment . Appreciate those who have helped you get this far , and start working towards your next childhood dream .
Thank you for helping to make our game great !
— Von Miller
Miller , who gives their teammates gifts each year during the holidays , said they had been thinking of ways to treat other players in the division for a long time .
“ The AFC West has been good to all of us , ” they said . “ It has been a great division in football for these last four years . I was just thinking of stuff that I could do for those guys on others teams . And I got guys on every team . So I just kind of organized it and , boom , sent every guy on the team a bottle of wine .
“ I thought about all types of stuff , from cars , trips to Vegas , vacations , ” they added jokingly . “ The wine sounded about right . ”
The single-barrel blend , from a vineyard in Alexander Valley , Calif. , took Katz about a month to create . The bottling was all done by the hand , and the label was chosen from about 25 different options as they and Miller sought a design that would best represent them and their foundation .
“ The Setting was a label I had started just recently and when Von came and wanted to do something unique for this we thought that it would be a perfect label to kick off the brand with , ” Katz said . “ And also The Setting was all about the setting in which you 're enjoying the wine and who you 're surrounded with . So it fit the reason Von was giving the wine as gifts to all their fellow players in the AFC West . ”
Katz has become known for their Cabernet blends , but they identified as a loyal bronco fan long before they entered the winemaking business . When they were 10 years old , their father , Andy Katz , a photographer , snapped a shot of Jesse and John Elway that appeared on 100,000 Aquafina bottles . At Super Bowl 50 in Santa Clara , Calf. , Jesse 's Devil Proof wine was served in the luxury boxes of Levi 's Stadium .
“ I was born and raised in Boulder , so I 've been a huge Bronco fan my entire life , ” Jesse said . “ Undoubtedly my favorite player in the NFL right now is Von Miller . So I was very honored when the project was presented to me . I 'm a big fan of football and it seems people in football are also big fans of wine . ”
Miller made 100 remaining bottles of the wine available for purchase on their site , VonMiller.org . The first 100 donors to contribute at least $ 500 to Miller 's foundation , Von 's Vision , will receive a voucher for a bottle . Every $ 20 raised will allow a Denver-area child receive eye care .
Bill Masterton , the only player to die from injuries suffered during an NHL game , might not have died in vain . The underlying cause of their death almost 50 years ago elevates awareness about the risks of undiagnosed concussions -- and the NHL 's responsibility to address them .
On that fatal night at Met Center on Jan. 13 , 1968 , the Minnesota North Stars center , playing against the Oakland Seals , carried the puck across the blue line and cut to the right while Seals defensemen Larry Cahan and Ron Harris closed in . One of their sticks tangled with Masterton 's skates as they slid a pass to their wing , and they lost their balance , pitching forward . They did n't see the other defender , who caught them with a clean check that knocked them backward . Masterton , who was not wearing a helmet , smacked the back of their head on the ice . `` It sounded like a baseball bat hitting a ball , '' teammate André Boudrias recalled .
Ken Lindgren , a fan watching the play about 10 rows up in the stands just above the blue line , can still visualize the impact .
`` We watched their head bounce , '' Lindgren said . `` He did n't move after that . It got deathly quiet . ''
Boudrias helped the team 's trainer onto the ice to tend to Masterton . The team doctor soon joined him . They carried Masterton off on a stretcher , and an ambulance rushed them to Fairview Southdale hospital , seven miles away .
`` His eyes were gray at the time -- it was like a horror picture , '' Boudrias says . `` I knew they were done . ''
A team of doctors at the hospital treated Masterton with steroids and diuretics , but the swelling in their brain was so swift and severe that they decided against operating .
Realizing they were already gone , Masterton 's parents , who had flown in from Winnipeg after they heard of the incident , and their wife , Carol , made the decision to remove Masterton from life support . At 1:55 a.m. on Jan. 15 , 1968 -- almost 30 hours after they struck their head on the ice -- Bill Masterton died at the age of 29 .
Seven hours later , when the Hennepin County medical examiner performed an autopsy , they discovered the true cause of Masterton 's death .
Like many Canadian boys growing up in the '50s , Masterton listened to Saturday night radio broadcasts of `` Hockey Night in Canada '' and dreamed of Foster Hewitt making the call : `` Masterton shoots , they score ! ''
That dream carried them through junior hockey in their hometown of Winnipeg and three years at the University of Denver , where they were an All-American and led the Pioneers to the 1961 NCAA championship , but the dream stalled after two years of minor league hockey in the Montreal Canadiens ' organization . They finished with a master 's degree in business at Denver and landed a job at the Minneapolis-based technology company Honeywell , where they worked in the financial department for the Apollo project , married their high school sweetheart and started a family , adopting a son and a daughter .
The NHL 's expansion from six to 12 teams in 1967-68 rekindled their mothballed dream . They had kept fit by playing on a barnstorming amateur team , the St. Paul Steers , and with the U.S. national team . When Minnesota executives , who had acquired their rights , invited them to a tryout , Masterton relished the second chance . They made the North Stars and scored the first goal in franchise history .
Masterton was not a marquee player , but they were a skilled playmaker who was willing to work in the corners and be a team player . Murray Williamson , who coached both amateur teams Masterton played for , remembered a night in Rochester , Minnesota , when Masterton backed into a radiator in the dressing room and singed their rear end . `` He played that game standing up , '' Williamson said . `` He was a team man off the charts . ''
Masterton was soft-spoken and modest , a quiet guy with a good sense of humor . They cherished their son , Scott , 3 , and daughter , Sally , 1 .
In the week before their last game , Masterton had complained to their wife and several teammates about headaches . They had been checked hard into the glass -- less yielding in those days -- two weeks earlier in a game against the Boston Bruins . They bore the bruises of that hit and others in subsequent games -- on their left arm , both thighs and , unwittingly , their brain .
The night before the Oakland game , Masterton 's family gathered at the house of their neighbor , North Star goaltender Cesare Maniago , to celebrate Maniago 's 29th birthday . Masterton told their friend that they had been having migraines .
Masterton had not told the North Stars ' coach , Wren Blair , about their headaches , but Blair had thought something might be amiss and commented to the team trainer , `` I wonder if we could have them checked , '' according to the Toronto Star , which first reported this story on May 28 , 2011 .
Bill Masterton was rushed to hospital after suffering a suspected second concussion in a matter of days . B Bennett/Getty Images
They did n't . But even if they had , they might still have been in the lineup against Oakland .
`` You know the diagnosis of a concussion back in those days ? '' asked Williamson , who has a photo hanging in their office of Masterton on the stretcher . `` You hold out four fingers . If the guy only sees two , you send them back out there because it does n't matter anyway . ''
Masterton was an unfortunate victim of the ignorance of their time . Even as Walter Bush , one of the North Star owners , saw them lying motionless on the ice , they did not think Masterton had sustained a concussion . `` We did n't really know concussions in those days , '' said Bush , now 86 . `` I 'd been knocked out myself playing football . We did n't think it was that serious . ''
Awareness about brain injuries and how to treat them has come a long way since then . So has NHL protocol , initiated in 2011 , which has spotters to flag potentially concussed players and bans those from returning to games in which they were injured . But that has not happened fast enough for a group of more than 120 ex-NHL players , including Bernie Nicholls , Mike Peluso and Steve Payne , who are suing the league in a class-action suit for putting their neurological health at risk despite knowing the violent play involved . They and many others claim the league could be doing more to protect its players from returning to action too soon .
Yet players such as Masterton learned to play hurt . That 's what men did . That was the NHL 's code . And in Masterton 's case , it probably cost them their life .
The Hennepin County medical examiner found evidence of a previous injury on the left side of Masterton 's skull on the temporal region of the brain . States the autopsy report : `` There was a blow to the left temple in a game some days prior to the fatal injury and the deceased is said to have complained of headaches in the left temporal region . ''
When Masterton 's head struck the ice at Met Center , there was no skull fracture , but their brain swelled very quickly , evidenced by their dilated pupils and elevated blood pressure -- which pointed to a previous head injury .
`` I am convinced they had some type of concussion beforehand , '' said Dr. Jesse Corry , a specialist in neurocritical care at the John Nasseff Neuroscience Specialty Clinic in St. Paul who studied the autopsy report . `` What killed this man was second-impact syndrome . ''
Corry confirmed the opinion of Dr. Charles Tator , a Toronto neurosurgeon quoted in the Toronto Star article , who also said Masterton showed signs of `` second-impact syndrome . '' When the brain has n't healed completely from a previous injury , a subsequent blow can cause the type of sudden and severe swelling found in Masterton 's brain .
Corry does not think the amount of swelling would have been caused from the singular impact at Met Center . Nor did they see evidence of CTE , the progressive degenerative disease found posthumously in the brains of nearly 87 of 91 NFL players who suffered multiple blows to the head . `` It is very rare to see that level of swelling in the brain from a single injury , '' they said . `` [ Masterton ] probably had some earlier swelling going on , so if they got a second injury , it would be catastrophic . ''
The specter of Masterton 's death hung over the NHL All-Star Game , which was played in Toronto the next day , Jan. 16 , 1968 . Talk centered on the divisive topic of helmets .
Masterton had worn a helmet when they played college hockey in Denver because NCAA regulations required players to wear them , but they did not wear one as a professional . Only a handful of NHL players wore them at the time , including Masterton 's teammate , Boudrias . `` You protect your elbows , hips , knees and hands , I figured , why not protect your head ? '' said Boudrias , now 72 .
Andre Boudrias , one of the few players in 1968 to wear a helmet , believes wearing one would have saved Bill Masterton 's life . Denis Brodeur/NHL/Getty Images
It took the NHL more than a decade to catch up to Boudrias ' logic . For the 1979-80 season , the league finally made helmets mandatory for new players -- allowing those who signed professional contracts prior to June 1 , 1979 , the option not to wear them -- but it would be 18 years before every NHL player complied .
In 1968 , Boudrias was the only North Star who wore a helmet . Typical of the attitude of the day , North Stars coach Wren Blair frowned on the practice . They and others considered it a sign of weakness . They thought it took away from the fan experience , masking the identity of players . `` I was asked to take it off , '' Boudrias said . `` I would n't do it . ''
The following season , Blair traded Boudrias , who had scored the second-most points for the team in its first season , citing a drop in their production . Boudrias is convinced their insistence on wearing a helmet factored into Blair 's decision . He 's also convinced a helmet would have saved Masterton 's life .
`` There 's no doubt in my mind about that , '' Boudrias said .
Yet that might not actually be the case . Since Masterton was off balance at the time they got checked ( cleanly ; there was no penalty called ) , their brain twisted inside of their skull before their head struck the ice . That rotation was a contributing factor in the severity of their injury .
`` Helmets are great to absorb blunt impact , but when the brain is spinning , helmets do n't help the spinning contents slow down , '' Corry said .
A helmet obviously would not have hurt Masterton , but it might not have been enough to spare their life , given the nature of their injury and the fact they had not healed from a recent concussion .
The Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy is awarded to players who show perseverance , courage and sportsmanship . Dominic Moore won the award in 2014 . Andre Ringuette/NHLI/Getty Images
`` It 's kind of good to hear that because it takes away some of the 'What if ? ' '' said Masterton 's son , Scott , now 50 . `` We lived with the accident for many years but did not talk about it . ''
After Masterton 's death , the North Stars set up a scholarship fund in their name . The team also retired their No . 19 , a tradition the franchise continued to honor when it moved and became the Dallas Stars .
Back at the 1968 All-Star Game , discussion among beat writers went beyond the helmet debate to come up with a way to commemorate the league 's first casualty . The Professional Hockey Writers Association proposed -- and the league immediately approved -- the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy to be awarded annually to the player who best exemplifies the virtues of perseverance , courage and sportsmanship that Masterton displayed .
It 's a fine tribute to a respected player who exhibited those virtues himself , but it 's regrettable that it ever came to be . Corry believes Masterton 's death could have been prevented -- and would be today .
`` When they had headaches early on , we would n't have had them on the ice , '' they said .
John Rosengren is the author of Blades of Glory : The True Story of a Young Team Bred to Win .
To Understand How Religion Shapes America , Look To Its Early Days
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liam James Doyle/NPR Liam James Doyle/NPR
Religion has played an outsized role in U.S. history and politics , but it 's one that has often gone unrecognized in U.S. museums .
`` As a focused subject area , it 's been neglected , '' says Peter Manseau , a scholar and writer installed last year as the first full-time religion curator at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History .
America 's exceptional commitment to religious freedom stems from the diversity of its faith traditions . The rebellious attitudes prevalent in frontier settlements fostered the growth of evangelical movements . African slaves introduced Islam to America . The drive to abolish slavery was led largely by Christian preachers .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liam James Doyle/NPR Liam James Doyle/NPR
`` We ca n't tell the story of America without telling the story of religion , '' Manseau says , `` and we ca n't answer questions about the importance of religion today without going back to earlier generations . ''
Manseau 's appointment as curator and their inaugural Religion in Early America exhibit signal `` the beginning of a renewed engagement with the role of religion in American history , '' according to John L. Gray , the museum director . Each of the objects in Manseau 's exhibit adds a special dimension to the larger narrative .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photo courtesy of the National Museum of American History / On loan from David Rubenstein Photo courtesy of the National Museum of American History / On loan from David Rubenstein
The oldest item in the collection is the Bay Psalm Book , a translation of the Psalms assembled by a team of educated Puritans in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1640 . The Puritans split from the Church of England , determined to purify the practice of their faith . The only songs they allowed in their worship were the Psalms , but they needed a Psalm book for their services .
`` It 's a great example of the do-it-yourself approach to American religion that you see again and again , '' says Manseau , who holds a Ph.D. in the history of religion from Georgetown University and is the author of several books . `` Separated from the cultures in which these traditions were born , there 's a need to improvise , a need to make things new , with the materials at hand . ''
The persecution that Puritans faced in England was a key factor driving them to the New World . So it also was with Quakers , Baptists , Shakers , Jews , and other religious minorities , all of whom saw America as a place they would finally be free to practice their faith .
`` This country , somewhat uniquely , is a nation of transplanted religions , '' Manseau says , `` interacting with the beliefs and practices that were here , but also with new traditions coming in , learning and needing to negotiate , to compromise , and finding ways to live together . The practical implication of this diversity was religious freedom and the disestablishment of any particular church . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liam James Doyle/NPR Liam James Doyle/NPR
The idea of rebelling against conventionally practiced religion is a big part of America 's faith history . George Whitefield , an Anglican minister from England , was such an outspoken and controversial preacher that they were not welcome in most churches , so they built their own pulpit and took it on the road , preaching outdoors to crowds that numbered in the thousands .
Whitefield 's portable pulpit , about six feet tall , with hinged sides , is in the Smithsonian exhibit . `` You could fold it up and strap it to the side of a horse or throw it in the back of a cart , '' Manseau notes . The itinerant preacher is believed to have used it about 2,000 times , thus pioneering the great revival meetings that became a key feature of evangelical Christianity in the United States .
Whitefield 's popular appeal demonstrated the deep religiosity of many Americans in the colonial era , but some of their founding fathers were n't so devout . As a man of reason , Thomas Jefferson struggled with Christianity , trying to reconcile the teachings of Jesus with the ideals of the Enlightenment . Their idea was to edit the Bible , literally .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liam James Doyle/NPR Liam James Doyle/NPR
Working in the four languages familiar to them – English , French , Greek , and Latin – Jefferson went through several copies of the New Testament , following the scripture closely .
`` With a pen knife , they would remove those sections that they agreed with and found useful , and then they glued them together in this four-column book , '' Manseau says , pointing to a yellowing cut-and-pasted Bible in a display case , `` one column for each language . ''
Jefferson called their version of the New Testament `` The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth . '' The Smithsonian exhibit includes one of the Bibles that Jefferson cut apart , as well as the one they created from their pasted clippings .
With their rendering , Jefferson offered a New Testament narrative they found preferable to the original .
`` Jefferson saw themselves as a Christian in what they thought was the truest sense , as one who saw Jesus as a moral exemplar and a teacher , '' Manseau says . `` He did n't have any use for miracles or the supernatural , which they took to be additions added to the story later on . '' Notably , Jefferson 's version ends with Jesus being buried and does not include the Resurrection .
Though America is often portrayed as a Christian nation , its religious history is more complex , as the exhibit makes clear . Many of the African slaves brought to America were Muslims . Some were literate in Arabic , and did their best to maintain their faith . One , a man named Bilali Muhammed , wrote a thirteen page text in Arabic , which has been preserved and is displayed in the exhibit .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liam James Doyle/NPR Liam James Doyle/NPR
`` It is a very simple document , '' Manseau says . `` It contains some basics of Islamic practice , [ such as ] 'These are the times at which we pray . This is why we wash our hands . This is why we wash our feet before we pray . ' ''
Manseau does not read Arabic , but scholars have told them the text includes only `` snatches '' of quoted text from the Quran . `` The text appears to have been written by someone who was in the process of forgetting , '' Manseau says , `` trying their best to hold on to what they once knew . There are basic ideas of , 'This is what I want to pass on to my children if they 're going to learn to be Muslims , ' as well as words of praise to Allah , despite the circumstances . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Loan from C. Wesley Christman Archives , New York Annual Conference of the United Methodist Church/Stephen Elliot/Courtesy of the National Museum of American History Loan from C. Wesley Christman Archives , New York Annual Conference of the United Methodist Church/Stephen Elliot/Courtesy of the National Museum of American History
Religious faith , in fact , was key to the abolition of slavery . The Religion in Early America exhibit tells that story in part through a pair of saddlebags , once belonging to a former slaveholder named Freeborn Garretson , a plantation owner and man of wealth in Maryland .
Garretson was also a religious man , and one Sunday morning , while reading the Bible , they were suddenly struck by a thought from above , which they interpreted as the voice of God , commanding them to let their slaves go free .
From that day on , Garretson was a committed abolitionist and spent the rest of their days as an itinerant minister , traveling on horseback from plantation to plantation , preaching the evils of slavery and trying to convince other slaveowners that they were violating God 's will .
Garretson 's saddlebags are on display in the exhibit as , in Manseau 's words , `` the iconic objects of itinerant preachers throughout early America. `` They say Garretson carried Christian tracts in the bags , as well as pro-abolition writings which they shared with the people whose opinions they were hoping to change .
The `` Religion in Early America '' exhibits will continue at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History for a full year .
Find An Event Create Your Event Help The Westies with special guest Ike Reilly Atwood 's Tavern
Cambridge , MA Share this event : Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event . Not Available
Event The Westies with special guest Ike Reilly The Westies ' Six On The Out is the chilling second chapter from this unflinching group - bold and broad in scope . The masterful and exquisite storytelling coupled with the stark yet cinematic landscapes , create an entire world of what John Ellis from No Depression describes as `` Americana music embedded in the rivers of Rust Belt cities , with connections to Ireland , coal streaked miners and how closely related inner city grit and grime is with the softness and serene Appalachian mountaintop ''
Stories not for the faint of heart , The Westies will take you on a journey of an America in desperate times - one that few people see , yet everyone knows exists . Six On The Out is an unforgettable collection of stories and songs that will leave the listener haunted by its honesty and brutality and in spite of long odds , hope to go on living . The Hollywood Reporter sums it up best .... '' Despair never sounded so good '' .
Born On Fire is Ike Reilly 's seventh studio album with their band the Ike Reilly Assassination and their first release in over four years . Songs like `` Live Like We 're Dyin ' '' and `` Two Weeks of Work '' reflect the influence of John Lee Hooker , Paul Butterfield , and the electric blues scene outta Chicago that influenced Ike and inspired them to start playing blues harp as a young boy .
David Carr from the New York Times said , `` Ike Reilly is a kind of natural resource , mined from the bedrock of music . All the values that make rock important to people -storytelling , melody , rage , laughterare part and parcel of every Ike Reilly show I have ever seen .
ATWOOD 'S IS A MIX OF SEATING AND STANDING ROOM . PURCHASING A TICKET DOES NOT GUARANTEE SEATING .
THIS IS A 21+ SHOW ! Location Atwood 's Tavern ( View )
877 Cambridge Street
Cambridge , MA 02141
United States 877 Cambridge StreetCambridge , MA 02141United States
Categories Music > Folk Music > Rock Music > Singer/Songwriter
Minimum Age : 21 Kid Friendly : No Dog Friendly : No Non-Smoking : Yes ! Wheelchair Accessible : Yes ! Contact Owner : Atwood 's Tavern On BPT Since : Dec 21 , 2011 Atwoods Tavern 617-864-2792 booking @ atwoodstavern.com www.westiesmusic.com
Ask a question ... Ask !
The Talladega-Sylacauga Micropolitan Statistical Area was rated the best place in the U.S. for manufacturing jobs in a detailed analysis by SmartAsset , a financial technology company that studied data on nearly 500 cities .
SmartAsset singled out the high concentration of well-paying manufacturing jobs in the Talladega-Sylacauga area in its analysis . Here 's what the firm says about the micropolitan :
“ A large chunk of the workforce in this Alabama metro area work in manufacturing – just over 39 percent . Only three other metro areas in this study can beat this stat .
“ Manufacturing jobs here also pay pretty well , especially when you consider the area 's average housing costs . We estimate the average personufacturing worker earns $ 58,461 after accounting for housing costs . ”
The Talladega-Sylacauga micropolitan area consists of Talladega and Coosa counties , with a total population of around 93,000 . The area 's top employer is Honda Manufacturing of Alabama , which operates an auto assembly plant in Lincoln with more than 4,500 workers .
“ Alabama has a strong heritage in manufacturing , and it remains an important pillar in the state 's economy , ” said Greg Canfield , secretary of the Alabama Department of Commerce .
“ Alabamians have the expertise to produce top-class products that are in high demand around the world , and the workers in the Talladega-Sylacauga area are especially good at it . ”
Manufacturing workers in Alabama total more than 260,000 , representing more than 13 percent of the state 's workforce . That 's the fifth-highest concentration among the states , according to data from the National Association of Manufacturers .
Rising incomes
To identify the best places to work in manufacturing , New York-based SmartAsset looked at data for 483 metro areas in the United States . Specifically , the firm looked at data on employment growth in manufacturing , income growth in manufacturing , density of manufacturing jobs and housing costs .
The number of manufacturing jobs in the Talladega-Sylacauga micropolitan area expanded by 3.4 percent in the past year , reaching 39.4 percent of total jobs , according to SmartAsset 's data . Incomes , meanwhile , climbed 6.2 percent over the year .
The area 's annual income after housing figure of $ 58,461 was second-highest among cities making the list 's Top 25 , and it was more than $ 10,000 higher than the city ranking just behind it on the overall list .
“ Manufacturers rely on the skills of their workers for success , and the talents of manufacturing workers in the Talladega-Sylacauga region are highlighted by this impressive ranking , ” said Ed Castile , deputy Commerce secretary and director of AIDT , the state 's primary job training agency .
After the Talladega-Sylacauga micropolitan , other areas rounding out the Top 5 on SmartAsset 's list of the top places for manufacturing were :
Greenville-Anderson-Mauldin , South Carolina
Ogden-Clearfield , Utah
Rockford , Illinois
Elizabethtown-Fort Knox , Kentucky
The Talladega-Sylacauga area ranked No . 11 in the 2016 installment of the SmartAsset analysis .
This story originally appeared on the Alabama Department of Commerce 's Made in Alabama website .
The quality and clearness of the show has never looked better . The case art for collection 1 , in my opinion , is a little misleading : the illustrations on the case are definitely trying to appeal to the Wing/Seed/00 crowd for sure . Both the Japanese dub , and 2001 English dub , are intact . Every episode is here for the first half of the series with the exception of episode 11 , which we will never see released here thanks to Tomino .
My actual critique on this series : While it shows its age in a new era of perma-blush , this is still a series that holds an impact as you progress . It is a show about a boy and their robot , but it 's also a statement about the hardships of war and the differences all humans have with each other . MSG displays a very `` no good/no evil '' style of storytelling . While we are lead to believe that the Zeon are the bad guys from the start , we also begin to see that they are people as well . That is Mobile Suit Gundam .
Temperatures over the Arctic ocean are as much as 50 degrees F ( 30 Celsius ) above normal . It 's above freezing in places that are normally 20 below zero in degrees F. Arctic sea ice collapse on the Atlantic side has allowed warm storms to penetrate the central Arctic . This extreme heat is destabilizing the northern hemisphere 's atmospheric circulation all the way up to the top of the stratosphere .
Arctic sea ice extent , area and volume has collapsed to record low levels for November as warm Atlantic ocean water has pushed into Arctic seas that used to be ice covered . Sea ice cover is also low on the Pacific side .
The Arctic was at Record low sea ice extent for yesterday 's date . Warm Atlantic water has replaced ice in the Eurasian Arctic seas . Yellow and orange colored lines shows average sea ice extent in the 80 's and 90 's respectively . The warm water is disturbing the northern hemisphere 's atmospheric circulation .
The warm Arctic seawater has allowed warm storms to inject huge amounts of heat over the North Pole raising surface temperatures to above freezing in areas that are normally twenty degrees below zero Fahrenheit . Temperatures today are 50ºF above normal near the pole .
Warm water has penetrated deep into Arctic seas that used to be covered by ice .
But that 's not all . The lack of sea ice has dramatically affected the northern hemisphere 's atmospheric circulation for months . The heat this fall has formed a warm dome over the Arctic ocean and provided moisture for deep , early Siberian snow . A record deep Siberian snow pack for October pushed south of normal developing a deep pool of cold air over central Siberia .
Snow was much deeper than normal in Siberia in October , 2016 as warm Atlantic water in normally forzen Arctic seas north of Eurasia provided an unprecedented moisture source . for Siberian snow .
The much larger than normal temperature contrasts ( gradients ) across Central Eurasia have intensified the polar jet stream across Asia and the north Pacific Ocean . This is a predicted consequence of intense early snowfall in Siberia associated with warm water entering the Arctic seas . This fall has had all-time record minimum sea ice extent in the seas north of Eurasia and this unprecedented weather pattern is the atmospheric response to these warm waters so deep into the Arctic .
Warm water in Eurasian Arctic seas normally covered by ice has perturbed the atmospheric circulation . A dome of warm air has risen up over the warm water pushing moisture , snow , and the jet stream south over Siberia . Siberian air has been driven out over the north Pacific causing intense storms , cooling the waters of the far north Pacific , entrenching the jet stream pattern for the coming winter .
Intense atmospheric waves , associated with intense storms have whipped across both the Pacific and Atlantic . When intense storms approached the Arctic from both the Pacific and Atlantic in late October the stratospheric polar vortex was pinched from both sides , a 2 wave pattern , and split in two .
Intense atmospheric waves broke into the stratosphere from the lower atmosphere in late October , splitting the stratospheric polar vortex in two , in an unprecedented event so early in the winter season .
This stratospheric polar vortex split is unprecedented for so early in the Arctic winter season as far as I know . The stratospheric polar vortex is now unstable and may undergo a major midwinter warming in the next ten days . It may be the earliest major midwinter warming ever seen .
The European , ECMWF , model predicts a major midwinter warming of the stratosphere for November 25 . This may be the earliest major midwinter stratospheric warming ever observed .
There may be a silver lining in this disturbing news . The strong jet stream that is locking in across the Pacific because of the cold pool that has formed under the Aleutians in response to the repeated intense cold storms is breaking down the La Niña weather pattern that would have extended the drought in California . An intense jet stream across the Pacific usually brings heavy mid-winter rains to California and the Pacific northwest .
Please note that I am a geochemist who has been involved in climate research related to nuclear waste disposal safety assessment but I am not an expert in atmospheric sciences . Because stratospheric processes involve very complex physics I must carefully review the work of experts to insure my writing is based on science , not my pet theories . In the process of reviewing recent research to support my writing I discovered the pioneering work of Dr. Judah Cohen at AER corporation . Their recent blog post on the Arctic oscillation www.aer.com/… confirmed my observations and went much deeper into the subject than I can .
Much of their post is highly technical but here is the good news that rains might come to California despite NOAA 's forecast of a weak La Niña , a pattern that usually is associated with dry weather in California .
SSTs/El Niño/Southern Oscillation Equatorial Pacific sea surface temperatures ( SSTs ) continue to be weakly cooler than average ( Figure 14 ) and most winter ENSO forecasts are for weak La Niña conditions . La Niña conditions favor a negative Pacific/North American ( PNA ) pattern that produces cold anomalies in the northwestern US and warm anomalies in the Southeastern US . But the big story of late has been the rapidly cooling SSTs across the mid-latitudes of the North Pacific . These cool waters seem to be a result of the very cold temperatures that developed across Siberia this October . The cold air across Siberia both being advected out across the North Pacific and strengthening the westerlies across the North Pacific have dramatically cooled SSTs in the North Pacific . This seems analogous to the winters of 2013/14 and 2014/15 when cold temperatures in Canada cooled North Atlantic SSTS and strengthened the Jet Stream to record speeds as it headed towards Europe . This dramatic cooling of SSTs demonstrates we are more confident that the atmosphere forces SSTs than SSTs force the atmosphere in the mid-latitudes . Warmer than normal SSTs to the north near Alaska and colder than normal SSTs across the mid-latitudes , could favor a southward shift the in the Jet Stream across the North Pacific this winter . The cool waters across the mid-latitudes could help strengthen the Aleutians low further south opposite to what might be expected during La Niña .
And the weak polar vortex could lead to intense cold air outbreaks over the northern hemisphere continents in midwinter . The Climate Prediction Center 's forecast of a warm winter across the southern states may be disrupted by intense cold outbreaks because the weak polar vortex will be unable to keep the cold air locked up in the northern climes . The Arctic ocean may experience unprecedented heat at the same time that brutal cold builds over Siberia . Where that brutally cold Siberian air goes will determine who gets the cold winter .
Rohit Sharma 's is a name that needs no introductions in the world of cricket . From being a regular middle order batsman for the Indian cricket team to shattering some international batting records , this 30-year-old from Nagpur , who once was not fortunate enough to be raised by their parents on account of their passion for the sport and the family 's poverty , is now one of the top 100 celebrities of India , in terms of income , fame , and success .
Image source : DNA India
Pitching in Rs 50 each , their uncles and their friends got Rohit to join a small cricket academy in the 1999 . Rohit had to start their practice very early in the day . They were an off-spin bowler initially , until Dinesh Sad , the coach at the academy , made Rohit change their school and join Swami Vivekananda International School , keeping the better training facilities in mind . Rohit hesitated to join SVIS since it was an expensive affair . Dinesh however got them a scholarship for the next four years so that they could have a hassle-free training . This was also when Dinesh recommended that Rohit start practising batting , recognising Rohit 's mettle in that department .
With time , Rohit excelled at it , and started to put in exceptional performances with the bat at the school-level tournaments . It was their impressive performance at the Giles and Harris Shield school cricket tournaments that paved the way for their selection into the Mumbai Under-17 team . Before long , Rohit Sharma was included in the Indian Under-17 and Under-19 Indian teams . Finishing off as the leading run-scorer in the Under-19 tournament with some mighty knocks , there was no looking back for Rohit . In 2006 , they made their domestic debut for India-A , which they followed up with an international debut in 2007 , against New Zealand . They were only 20 years old at the time .
From starting as a steady middle-order batsman for India , Rohit is unarguably one of the most reliable match-winners for the national team right now . After the era of Sachin Tendulkar , Virender Sehwag , and Sourav Ganguly , Team India had found an apt replacement for the position of opener in Rohit Sharma . Rohit currently holds the record for being the highest run-scorer in an ODI innings , when they smashed a valiant 264 against Sri Lanka in 2014 . Before this knock , they had one more ODI double hundred to their name , from when they made 209 runs against Australia in 2013 . It was in these innings that Rohit hit 16 massive sixes , which is the most by a batsman in ODI cricket , alongside A.B . De Villiers from South Africa and Chris Gayle from the West Indies .
Their stint in the IPL began in 2008 , with Hyderabad 's Deccan Chargers , and they now lead the Mumbai Indians side , making them a part of three title-winning teams , once with the Deccan Chargers and twice with the Mumbai Indians .
From being someone who could not afford to get decent training to becoming one of the most valuable batsman the Indian team possesses , Rohit Sharma 's sense of determination and their love for the sport in unparalleled , making them quite an inspiration for the cricketing faithful in the country .
Do you have an interesting story to share ? Please write to us at tci @ yourstory.com . To stay updated with more positive news , please connect with us on Facebook and Twitter .
UPDATE : MSU issued an all clear stating that classes and normal campus operations will resume at 2 p.m .
Earlier , a Maroon Alert was issued following reports of an active shooter near Carpenter Hall , according to the Mississippi State University 's official feed for emergency and advisory information .
The suspected shooter is in custody . Officials have identified them as Fhu-Qui Cong Nguyen . WREG reports that Nguyen called a Jackson , Mississippi office making threats shortly before 10:30 a.m .
The school was notified and issued an ‘ active shooter ' alert as a precaution .
Minutes later Nguyen , a first-year student from Madison , was taken into custody .
Both school police and the Mississippi Highway Patrol say no shots were fired and Nguyen did not have a gun .
Pictures of alleged shooter being arrested at McCool Hall at @ msstate . @ wtvanews will have more . # msstateshooting pic.twitter.com/5yrczXzwfG — Joel Young ( @ WTVAJoel ) August 27 , 2015
Red Cross spokesperson Melanie Kozel told VICE News that the vast majority organization 's 25-page July 29 , 2013 letter to the New York Attorney General is being released and details their response efforts following Superstorm Sandy .
Why ? Because the Red Cross 's financial records constitute a “ trade secret , ” according to Feldman 's June 23 letter to the law firm .
Earlier this week , ProPublica reported that the Red Cross had hired the Gibson Dunn law firm to try and block the FOIA request , and that New York Assistant Attorney General Bruce D. Feldman had partially acquiesced to the block .
The investigative reporting team at ProPublica recently filed Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request with the state of New York to find out exactly how the Red Cross spent the $ 311.5 million the organization raised for Sandy relief efforts .
A year and a half after Hurricane Sandy killed 117 East Coast residents and caused tens of thousands to become homeless , people are still asking the American Red Cross where the money went .
Read more
A year and a half after Hurricane Sandy killed 117 East Coast residents and caused tens of thousands to become homeless , people are still asking the American Red Cross where the money went .
The investigative reporting team at ProPublica recently filed Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request with the state of New York to find out exactly how the Red Cross spent the $ 311.5 million the organization raised for Sandy relief efforts .
Earlier this week , ProPublica reported that the Red Cross had hired the Gibson Dunn law firm to try and block the FOIA request , and that New York Assistant Attorney General Bruce D. Feldman had partially acquiesced to the block .
Why ? Because the Red Cross 's financial records constitute a “ trade secret , ” according to Feldman 's June 23 letter to the law firm .
Red Cross spokesperson Melanie Kozel told VICE News that the vast majority organization 's 25-page July 29 , 2013 letter to the New York Attorney General is being released and details their response efforts following Superstorm Sandy .
`` We sought to keep confidential a small part of the letter that provided proprietary information important to maintaining our ability to raise funds and fulfill our mission , '' said Kozel .
Ben Smilowitz of the Disaster Accountability Project explained how a public non-profit charity can argue that their spending records are a trade secret .
“ They 're using the term ‘ trade secret ' pretty liberally , ” Smilowitz said . “ They even said the term Red Cross is a trade secret , which is like throwing ‘ trade secret ' around as if you do n't know what it means . ”
Smilowitz started the watchdog group after their volunteer job managing a Red Cross center in Mississippi in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina left them frustrated .
Gibson Dunn had submitted 108 pages of documents in response to the Attorney General 's request , but argued that public release of the documents “ could cause substantial competitive and other injury to the American Red Cross. ” The law firm highlighted portions of the documents they said needed to remain confidential .
In response , the Attorney General 's office agreed to redact some portions , but not others . One of the things Gibson Dunn wanted hidden , bizarrely , was a header at the top of the page reading “ American Red Cross . ”
“ I find that the Red Cross has not demonstrated why this two line title is entitled to trade secret protection ; without more , I can not find that disclosure of this two line title will cause the Red Cross any economic injury , ” Feldman wrote in the letter .
The Red Cross has seven business days to appeal the Attorney General 's plan to publish the redacted documents . ProPublica , which requested the records , can also appeal the redactions .
Where Did the Money Go ? Red Cross spokesperson Kozel told VICE News , “ As of May 31 , the Red Cross has spent or made commitments to spend $ 301 million , which is nearly 97 percent of the $ 311.5 million in donations we have received for our Sandy work . ”
The Red Cross published its breakdown of the funds as of May 2014 on its website .
According to a pie chart of “ Sandy Expenses and Commitments , ” Red Cross has allocated around $ 98 million for casework and individual assistance , $ 94 million for food and shelter , $ 50 million for housing , $ 33 million for relief items , and an additional $ 25 million for things like healthcare services and emergency vehicles .
That adds up to about $ 300 million , which is just slightly less than the $ 311 million they raised .
But Smilowitz is skeptical about what the term “ has spent or made commitments to spend ” actually means .
“ The Red Cross could say they 've “ spent or made commitments to spend ” the entire $ 312 million , but they could have only cut checks for $ 100 million . We would n't know , ” Smilowitz said .
The Red Cross did not respond to VICE News ' question about further details on its “ commitments to spend . ”
Smilowitz has strong reasons for being suspicious of the charity .
They say that in May 2013 , the Red Cross suddenly revoked some of the move-in assistance grants of $ 10,000 each that it had promised to more than 1,000 homeless Sandy victims .
Some Red Cross employees were so outraged , they came to their Disaster Accountability Project with the names of 700 people that had mysteriously been declared “ ineligible ” after being promised the grants .
Smilowitz then filed a complaint with the Attorney General 's office , which began investigating the Red Cross 's financial management .
A Red Cross whistleblower , on conditions of anonymity , told Al Jazeera America in a November 2013 interview that Red Cross caseworkers were confused and upset .
“ There were clients who had received commitments from the Red Cross for money to assist them with the storm , but were then deemed ineligible , ” the still-employed whistleblower said . “ That 's not assisting clients . That 's not directing the donor dollar where it should be . That 's lying to victims of the storm and survivors of the storm . ”
But Kozel said that the Red Cross 's Move-in Assistance Program has provided tens of millions of dollars to help thousands of families impacted by Superstorm Sandy .
`` We have issued more than $ 27 million to more than 4,450 households as of June 13 . Since January 2013 , the Move-in Assistance Program has awarded assistance at an average of $ 1.5 million per month , '' Kozel told VICE News . `` The program has been highly successful in providing financial assistance to people whose homes were destroyed and who have no resources to meet their housing-related needs . To ensure that we connected with people who might need assistance , Red Cross staff conducted outreach to almost 8,000 households to discuss their need for additional assistance and explain the case management and financial supports available to them . ''
Kozel said to date , the `` Red Cross has committed $ 13.8 million to these sources of long-term recovery related financial assistance '' and that it was `` important to know that if people do not meet the criteria for Move-in Assistance Program , Red Cross case managers help them apply for other sources of financial assistance , such as the community-based Unmet Needs Roundtables . ''
Who Really Helped Sandy Victims ? Shortly after Sandy , news reports began stating that the most prevalent force of relief workers on the frontlines of the damage were n't from the Red Cross , the Salvation Army , or FEMA . Instead , the largest group of volunteers is coordinated by Occupy Wall Street .
In a November 2012 New York Times article , Occupy volunteer Sofia Gallisa said the lack of official response at the time was “ crazy . ”
“ For a long time , we were the only people out here , ” Gallisa told the Times of Occupy 's aid work in the Rockaways .
According to Occupy Sandy , about 6,000 volunteers served 85,000 meals during the first week after the hurricane . Occupy Sandy had raised just over $ 1 million by September 2013 — pennies compared to the Red Cross .
Occupy Sandy volunteer Sam Corbin spent the winter doing relief work at Occupy 's Brooklyn hubs and in the Rockaways .
“ Sometimes you would see the Red Cross truck , which would roll around the neighborhood with someone yelling out of a loudspeaker ‘ Go to this place to get food , ' or whatever , ” Corbin told VICE News . “ You did n't see a lot of people interacting with the truck , and I do n't remember really seeing anyone ever getting out of the truck . ”
Corbin said they did n't fault the Red Cross .
“ It was an enormous disaster and it was really hard to manage anything , ” Corbin said .
The problem , Corbin said , was in the manner of approach .
“ A lot of these organizations would get a map and find the most densely populated area , and then drive there and just dump all these blankets and stuff there and wait for people to come to them . But people who lived a block away did n't have any idea that was there , ” said Corbin .
How Much Climate-Change Denial Can the Market Bear ? Read more here .
Occupy Sandy used a mixed approach : running community “ hubs ” at churches and other centers where people could go for consistent services , and sending doctors and relief volunteers to canvass door-to-door .
Disaster Accountability Project is developing a tool to help disaster donors make informed decisions . That website should launch at the end of this summer .
“ The public gives to the biggest names but not necessarily the right organizations , ” said Smilowitz . “ People are giving millions of dollars after disasters to groups that may not have the capacity to deliver services , and organizations that are misleading in their solicitations . ”
Follow Mary Emily O'Hara on Twitter : @ maryemilyohara
Image via Flickr
Universal Sports Network and NBC Sports Group today announced how they will cover the 2015 Rugby World Cup .
All four USA pool matches will be shown live , as will the opening match , the semifinals , the final , and the 3rd/4th match .
Coverage begins September 19 , 2015 , with the final being October 31 , 2015 .
In addition to broadcast and cable TV coverage , all 48 of the tournament 's matches will be made available LIVE on a pay-per-view basis from leading cable , satellite and IPTV providers .
For online viewing , LIVE streaming and on-demand access to all 48 matches will be available exclusively at UniversalSports.com as a subscription offering . Fans will be able to purchase a full-tournament package or individual matches online to watch via the web on desktop , mobile and other connected TV devices on a pay-per-view basis . Purchase details , including prices , will be announced in the spring of 2015 at www.universalsports.com/rwc2015 .
“ The Rugby World Cup is one of the biggest sporting events in the world and we are excited to showcase it to an American audience , ” said Scott Brown , President of Universal Sports Network . “ Interest in the sport of rugby has never been higher , and with unprecedented coverage across multiple platforms , both longstanding and new fans of the sport will be able to follow every minute of the action from England . ”
“ We 're proud to present live coverage of the 2015 Rugby World Cup to a national audience , ” said Jon Miller , President , Programming , NBC Sports and NBCSN . “ The 2015 Rugby World Cup Final on NBC will serve as a great platform for the continued growth one of the world 's most popular sports . ”
IRB Chief Executive Brett Gosper added , “ Rugby is taking off in the U.S. , and we are excited to be partnering with Universal Sports Network to broadcast our Rugby World Cup 2015 tournament across the country . Through Universal Sports ' and NBC 's superb production values , extensive broadcast and digital platforms and passion for sport , I am sure that more Americans than ever before will interact with and be inspired by Rugby .
“ With one year to go until the Final , we are confident that Rugby World Cup 2015 will be a very special , record-breaking global celebration of Rugby that will reach , engage and inspire new audiences around the world . It really will be too big to miss . ”
Universal Sports acquired multi-platform media rights to the Rugby World Cup in a multi-year deal with the IRB ( International Rugby Board ) prior to the 2011 edition which allowed for Universal Sports and NBC to broadcast the quadrennial tournament LIVE for the first time in the United States .
The IRB Rugby World Cup is one of the largest and most avidly watched sporting events in the world , drawing an estimated 3.9 billion cumulative global TV audience in 207 territories during the 2011 event in New Zealand . The 2015 tournament field consists of 20 different nations , including defending champion New Zealand and the United States , who will compete over the course of six weeks for the coveted Webb Ellis Cup . New Zealand and Australia jointly hosted the first edition of the Rugby World Cup in 1987 .
Universal Sports and NBC Sports Broadcast Schedule : IRB Rugby World Cup 2015
Subject to Change – All Times Eastern
2015 Rugby World Cup games on LIVE TV :
Sept. 18 2015 Opening Ceremonies and England v Fiji Universal Sports
Sept. 20 USA v Samoa Universal Sports
Sept. 27 USA v Scotland Universal Sports
Oct 7 USA v South Africa Universal Sports
Oct 11 USA v Japan Universal Sports
Oct 24 Semifinal NBC
Oct 25 Semifinal Universal Sports
Oct 30 Bronze Medal Match Universal Sports
Oct 31 Rugby World Cup Final NBC
From Supernatural to Dexter to the popular Whedonverse comics , more and more television series are continuing stories or telling new ones in the comic book medium . It can be a great way to carry on plot points without worrying about actors , or to do things that budgets do n't allow . I 'm a huge fan of serialized fiction , and I think tv and comics are often great for pretty similar reason . So , in no particular order , here are 10 TV series that I think would make pretty great comic books .
1 . Veronica Mars
Marceline with Bywith 3 comments
Godzilla means a lot to me . The whole damn world , maybe .
When this film was announced by Legendary and Warner Brothers I thought that it could have been one of two films : the Godzilla movie that Hollywood believed people wanted , and the movie that die hard fans wanted .
When Gareth Edwards was announced as it 's director , I watched their debut indie film ‘ Monsters : ' a film that was beautifully shot , had no more than two actors and several extras , and was produced for $ 500,000 dollars . I observed Edward 's vision for cinema , and their humble demeanor in panels and press junkets . I had thought to myself , “ This guy is a fan . They want this movie to be what we all want it to be , and they have the vision to do it . ”
Gareth Edwards : my god , you absolutely did it .
In the time that Godzilla has remained dormant in cinema , about 10 years , the monster film genre rested along with him , aside from a few cult favorites like ‘ Cloverfield ' and ‘ Pacific Rim . ' While these films drew inspiration from Godzilla as a blueprint for the genre , even the king 's own series of films drastically shifted in tone over 60 years : from classic effects horror to kid friendly action films . Edwards themselves has mentioned , in regards to Godzilla and monster films in general , that the genre is “ an infinite canvas. ” These movies can be about anything in their story roots , and Godzilla can be there to support it either as a terror or a savior . This film brings it back to basics , to the 1956 classic ‘ Godzilla , King of the Monsters ' ( or the original ‘ Gojira ' in Japan . )
This film , now the 29th in the beloved monster 's franchise , is a reboot in a sense , but also spiritual successor to the original story , linked by Ken Watanabe as Dr. Serizawa , related to the doctor of the same name who destroyed the monster in 1954 . The film opens in the 1990 's with an unknown force waking in the Philippines that made it 's way to Japan , causing a devastating earthquake and the destruction of a nuclear plant , thus destroying the life and family of thousands ; namely Joseph Brody ( Bryan Cranston ) who loses the love of their life and the entirety of their work to the incident .
The perspective of the Brody family , among other humans , is crucial to this film , to allow a means for the audience to be drawn into the film 's destruction . Edward 's style of filming is to put the camera , and it 's viewer , up close to a select few people being affected by a natural disaster that draw the proper amount of emotional resonance for the story . The film slowly builds to a point where it 's perspective pulls back a little to effectively illustrate the role of the military throughout the film 's events , as Joseph 's son , Ford ( Aaron Taylor Johnson ) grows up to join the United States Navy as a nuclear weapons diffuser . From this point , the camera , and the film 's perspective , can fluidly move back and forth between victims on the street level , the tactical workings of the military , and Godzilla himself . While the actual plot of the film has its pacing issues , it is overshadowed by its ease in changing perspective between a soldier , their wife ( Elizabeth Olson ) and son , and a 355 foot lizard .
The reason the fluidity of these perspective shifts are crucial to ‘ Godzilla ' is that a lot of what happens in the film is reminiscent of tragic events in our recent world that is now easily seen by the world on broadcast news . From tsunami and hurricane flooding to September 11th 2001 , it is equal , arguably , to the original films thematically being about the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki . Scenes like this can be disturbing in cinema , and people undoubtedly die , but if the perspective is of a family that just barely makes it into a building with billowing smoke , or a dog that manages to run away from a flood , the tragic thoughts do n't linger because of those moments of relief , the briskly paced sequences , and awe inspiring creature design . Last summer 's ‘ Man of Steel ' featured an exorbitant amount of highly detailed destruction that was cold and brutal , but had no emotional reprieve . ‘ Godzilla ' has perhaps twice the amount of destruction as that film , and keeps it entertaining instead of unsettling .
That being said , every shot , big and small , is absolutely stunning . Edward 's vision is realized in the beautiful cinematography work done by Seamus McGarvey , responsible for wonderful photography in films ranging from ‘ Avengers ' to ‘ Atonement . ' Every frame of ‘ Godzilla , ' no matter the amount of smoke , rubble , ash , or scales and teeth , is an absolute beauty to behold , particularly on an IMAX screen .
With Edward 's application of their love for classic creature features like ‘ Jaws , ' ‘ Alien ' and ‘ Jurassic Park ' added the technically marvelous effects of today , ‘ Godzilla ' is the first summer blockbuster in a long time that knows the technical aspects of building suspense , awe and excitement so seamlessly that watching a monster rip through a building looks like a fork cutting through a piece of red velvet cake .
Godzilla themselves has a minimal amount of screen time , and the fight sequences between monsters does n't necessarily have the run time of Monday Night Raw , but that is the application of a less-is-more mentality , and as a result , the effects look much better . Every second of monster sighting is more meaningful , and audiences will roar back at the screen cheering all the same .
In regards to whether it 's a Hollywood film or a fan film , Edwards gives us both . Its a summer blockbuster film and a ‘ classic Godzilla film ' in every sense of what those three words can mean . Its chock full of fun battling , it expresses visceral human tragedy , and it depicts the sheer ferocious power of Earth 's circle of life , perfectly described by Watanabe as Serizawa in the film “ The arrogance of man is that we think nature is under our control , and not the other way around . ”
It 's the Godzilla movie that everyone wanted , even if you did n't know you wanted it in the first place . If you were n't a person who called yourself a “ fan ” of Godzilla before , you will be after seeing this .
Evan 's rating : 7/10
Liked it ? Take a second to support The Young Folks on Patreon !
As the calendar counts down to the first exascale supercomputer , efforts to resolve the steep technological challenges are increasing in number and urgency . Among the many obstacles inhibiting extreme-scale computing platforms – resilience is one of the most significant . As systems approach billion-way parallelism , the proliferation of errors at current rates just wo n't do . In recognition of the severity of this challenge , the federal government is seeking proposals for basic research that addresses the resilience challenges of extreme-scale computing platforms .
On July 28 , 2014 , the Office of Advanced Scientific Computing Research ( ASCR ) in the Office of Science announced a funding opportunity under the banner of “ Resilience for Extreme Scale Supercomputing Systems. ” The program aims to spur research into fault and error mitigation so that exascale applications can run efficiently to completion , generating correct results in a timely manner .
“ The next-generation of scientific discovery will be enabled by research developments that can effectively harness significant or disruptive advances in computing technology , ” states the official summary . “ Applications running on extreme scale computing systems will generate results with orders of magnitude higher resolution and fidelity , achieving a time-to-solution significantly shorter than possible with today 's high performance computing platforms . However , indications are that these new systems will experience hard and soft errors with increasing frequency , necessitating research to develop new approaches to resilience that enable applications to run efficiently to completion in a timely manner and achieve correct results . ”
The authors of the request estimate that at least twenty percent of the computing capacity in large-scale computing systems is wasted due to failures and recoveries . As systems increase in size and complexity , even more capacity will be lost unless new targeted approaches are developed .
The DOE is specifically looking for proposals in three areas of focus :
1 . Fault Detection and Categorization – current supercomputing systems must be better understood in order to prevent similar behavior on future machines , according to DOE computing experts .
2 . Fault Mitigation – this category breaks into two parts : the need for more efficient and effective checkpoint/restart ( C/R ) and the need for effective alternatives to C/R .
3 . Anomaly Detection and Fault Avoidance – using machine learning strategies to anticipate faults far enough in advance to take preemptive measures , such as migrating the running application to another node .
Approximately four to six research awards will be made over a period of three years with award sizes ranging from $ 100,000 per year to $ 1,250,000 per year .
Total funding up to $ 4,000,000 annually is expected to be available subject to congressional approval . The pre-application due date is set for August 27 , 2014 .
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine has adopted the bill on state financial guarantees for the provision of medical services and medicines ( No . 6327 ) .
A total of 240 lawmakers voted for this decision at a plenary session on Thursday , an Interfax-Ukraine correspondent has reported .
The program of state guarantees stipulated by the bill will determine the list and scope of medical services and medicines , payment for which will be guaranteed by the state at the expense of the national budget .
Under the medical reform , the program will be developed by the Health Ministry in coordination with the Finance Ministry . And it will be approved by the Verkhovna Rada as part of the Law on the State Budget for the corresponding year .
According to the adopted bill , at least 5 % of the GDP will be envisaged in the state budget for the implementation of programs of medical guarantees . Expenses for the program will be protected items of budget expenditures .
September 29 , 2015
How to Correctly Utilize Cross-Ex in LD Debate By Adam Tomasi
Cross-ex is one of my favorite parts of debate and it 's unfortunate to me that cross-ex is underutilized in so many LD rounds . Debaters spend too little time asking the strategic questions that they should be asking ; instead , they 'll ask clarification questions on arguments that they probably did n't need their opponents to clarify . If debaters improve their cross-ex strategy by asking on-point questions that weaken their opponent 's arguments from the start , they 'll improve their perceptual dominance and speaker points .
Whenever debaters pursue a line of questioning , their questions should do two things—first , they should start by explicitly referencing an argument their opponent made , and second , they should follow up with a question that sets up an argument they could make in a later speech . Questions of this sort include :
“ You claimed that your [ so-and-so ] evidence says [ argument ] , but how is that consistent with the un-underlined portion of the card which says [ something else ] ? ”
“ Your [ so-and-so ] evidence says that adolescents are too susceptible to peer pressure , but why is this at all relevant for medical decisions ? ”
“ Your strat skew standard says that if I did n't specify a type of medical decision , I could shift to a new advocacy in the 1AR . How could I possibly do that when I 've committed in the AC to defending the resolution as a general principle ? ”
These questions are significantly more strategic and perceptually dominant than questions like :
“ What does this card say ? ”
“ Can you explain the function of this argument ? ”
“ How do I turn the case ? ”
Those are questions that you should already have an answer to in your own mind if you 've already thought about your opponent 's arguments—whether you saw them on the NDCA wiki or have thought/discussed with a coach about a similar position . You should only ask clarification questions if you 're genuinely confused about an argument . If you 're asking clarification questions because you are unsure what more insightful questions you could ask , you should do cross-ex drills with a friend or coach to improve on that . If you 're asking clarification questions because you want to start prepping while your opponent goes on a tangent about their case , you 're not using the three minutes you 're allotted to the best of your abilities .
Some may believe that cross-ex is not a time for forwarding arguments . Let me clarify my view by saying that I do n't think that people should “ forward arguments ” as in asking questions like , “ You 've said that adolescents are competent enough to make medical choices , but how is that true when they 're more susceptible to peer pressure ? ” That question gets the easy response of , “ I do n't see why that 's relevant or true. ” Rather , you could forward an argument by asking questions that challenge the internal logic of your opponent 's evidence . Example : “ Your evidence says that adolescents are competent enough to make medical decisions , but this card 's about 16 and 17 year olds . Why should we trust 13 , 14 , or 15 year olds to make autonomous medical choices ? ” In using CX to press your opponent on the chain of logic justifying their conclusions , you give yourself additional firepower in addition to the cards that you 're reading . Your speech could run like :
They say adolescents are competent :
1 . [ Card that says adolescents are too susceptible to peer pressure/impulsiveness ]
2 . Their evidence is specific to 16 and 17 year olds , not adolescents in general—that was cross-ex .
3 . [ Card that says adolescents need parental guidance because parents know better and are helpful on intense medical matters ]
As you 'll see above , that sample block outline has “ that was cross-ex ” tagged right after an analytic . You want your cross-ex questions to be so interactive with your opponent 's logic that you could turn them into analytics to make on case . You want to indicate that the argument you 're making was initially stated in cross-ex so that the judge is explicitly reminded of the moment you were perceptually dominant .
You can also use cross-ex to bolster the efficiency of your 1AR responses to neg arguments . For example , if you spent 30 seconds of cross-ex explaining a really nuanced aff framework argument , you do n't need to spend anything close to 30 seconds explaining it in the 4 minute 1AR . So , you could give a tagline summary of the complex framework argument and say “ that was explained in cross-ex ” following it . Not only will you be more efficient , but the judge wo n't think you are n't explaining your arguments enough because you explained them in cross-ex .
It 's sometimes said that many judges do n't pay attention to cross-ex . If that 's true , it 's likely because judges find three minutes of clarification questions to be inherently boring . I postulate that if cross-ex is utilized correctly , this will no longer be the case . If you start off cross-ex with a bang , positioning yourself as asking the smart questions , judges will not only pay attention—they 'll also reward you with higher speaker points .
The mask , an iconic piece of equipment within the sport . Designed to protect and install fear in the eyes of your opponent , it 's hard to imagine getting onto the ice without one . But it was n't always this way . We all know that there was a time when players did not wear masks , but what happened to change this ? What has changed about the mask ? and is it fully protective ?
The history
The first time a mask was seen on a goaltender was in 1927 by Elizabeth Graham ( Queen 's University , Ontario ) to protect their teeth from being damaged . At this point , the mask used was a metal fencing one , unregulated and unable for use in a match .
Clint Benedict ( Montreal Maroons ) became the first player in the sport to wear a mask during a regulation game . This was to protect their recently broken nose . Their mask at this point was a leather one , normally used in American Football as a ‘ nose-guard ' . After the match , Benedict never wore a mask again for the remainder of their career .
The beginning . The first player to wear a mask full-time came in 1959 after being struck in the face with a puck . Jacques Plante was previously not allowed to wear a mask during games over worries that their visibility would be affected . However , after the hit Plante 's made an ultimatum , being able to wear the mask on the ice , or they walk . The mask used was made of fiberglass and became a commonality within the sport . The final player to play without a mask was Andy Brown ( Pittsburgh Penguins ) who retired in 1974 .
Safety first
From the introduction and regulation of masks in hockey , the sport has taken big strides to combat injury . But first , the injury . To get to where we are there have been severe injuries . Most prominent and memorable of all is Clint Malarchuk .
Malarchuk suffered a fatal injury after two players crashed into the goal and severed their carotid artery and jugular vein . At this point , goalies used the fiberglass/cage mask that many had criticized for its visibility issues .
However , after seeing Malarchuks injury there was a push in regulation to combat such injuries from happening again . To do so the NHL introduced the full fiberglass helmets that we see being worn in the game today .
The main difference between the full fiberglass/birdcage helmet and the type Malarchuk used in their time is the introduction of the neck visor . This protects players from getting hit by pucks or blades in the neck . With this advancement , goalies are not only protected more but are also able to stretch themselves into new positions to make better saves without risk of major injury .
The fashion
With the full fiberglass masks , there is now more head being covered , which apparently means more decoration .
Mask decorations had always been visible within the sport , dating back to Boston Bruins goaltender Gerry Cheevers ( picture at top ) . The scars that Cheevers had painted onto their mask were meant to represent the scars they would have if they did n't wear their mask . Similar to the look of Sawchuk who was well-known in the sport for their various scars and bruises from being hit by pucks without a mask .
The decoration a player wears on their mask creates a link between the player and the team . Lundqvist pictured left , famous for their remarkable career with the New York Rangers is famous for their statue of liberty mask . The mask is now not only a symbol of safety within the sport but also one of connectivity to a team as well as one of personal character and history .
Thank you for reading . For more follow us on Twitter @ STPUnews
-Theodore
Advertisements
The National Religious Campaign Against Torture has named June as Torture Awareness Month , with a focus on “ confronting the culture of torture ” in the United States . As part of that campaign , we recognize a significant step in the struggle against torture that occurred June 28 , 2010 , two years ago today . On that day , here in Chicago , former Chicago Police Commander Jon Burge was convicted in criminal court as a result of the torture they and other detectives committed against African American suspects . The trial and subsequent conviction were the culmination of decades of work by community members , activists and lawyers fighting for justice for the more than 110 torture survivors .
The criminal trial began in late May 2010 in Federal District Court , in front of Judge Joan Lefkow , with Burge facing charges of perjury and of obstruction of justice The charges resulted from Burge lying under oath when they denied involvement with , or knowledge of torture by , Chicago Police . As a result of decades of cover up , and the willful refusal of State 's attorneys Richard Daley and Richard Devine to prosecute , the statute of limitations had run on the incidents of torture and they were not charged for the underlying physical acts .
Lawyers and legal workers from People 's Law Office ( PLO ) were present in the courtroom throughout the trial , observing as evidence was laid out demonstrating the pattern and practice of torture that occurred during Burge 's rein at the Chicago Police Department . A PLO attorney also gave made daily reports on the most powerful African-American radio station and PLO lawyers and their torture survivor clients also made regular comments to the press . We watched as a detective under Burge 's command attempted to explain away their prior admission that they witnessed Burge torture Shaded Mumin We watched as Burge took the stand and audaciously continued to perjure himself , denying any and all allegations of torture . We watched as our clients and other torture survivors , testified against Burge , recounting and reliving the difficult and painful memories of the torture they experienced at the hands of Chicago Police .
Much of the testimony and evidence presented at trial was interwoven with the work PLO has done on the Chicago Police Torture cases for over 25 years , including torture survivors and other witnesses we identified as part of our investigation , along with the testimony from Andrew Wilson 's civil rights lawsuit , where they were represented by PLO attorneys . At moments , it was somewhat challenging to just sit and watch a case we were so invested in be tried by other attorneys , particularly when their strategy differed from how we may have proceeded . For example , our approach to these cases has always focused on the racist nature of the torture , which took a back seat in the prosecution 's case against Burge . It was also disturbing to hear Burge 's lawyers outrageously contend that PLO lawyers and their clients had fabricated the entire scandal . Ultimately , however , it was rewarding to see that the work we had done for decades was being utilized and we hoped it would lead to holding Burge accountable .
While the jury was deliberating , members of People 's Law Office were present at the court house , anxiously awaiting a verdict . During those two days , we wondered whether the predominantly white jury would find Burge guilty or , like so many others throughout the years , ignore the mountain of evidence and condone the actions of police officers committing heinous acts against poor people of color . On June 28 , 2010 , two years ago to this day , we were in the courtroom to hear the jury come back with a verdict of “ Guilty ” on all three counts .
As a law firm that has spent over forty years fighting against the racism and injustice that is part of the criminal legal system , we do not view the prison-industrial complex as a solution to social problems and we recognize that justice does not come from locking people up in cages . So our recognition of this conviction is not a celebration that Burge is in prison so much as it is an acknowledgement of another highlight in the decades of struggle by torture survivors , their families and their communities , along with activists and attorneys that have fought alongside them .
Furthermore , this conviction was another wave in reversing the tide of misinformation , cover up and outright lies that have defined the issue of Chicago Police Torture over the years . Those committed to justice in these cases can be emboldened by the fact that twelve jurors unanimously determined that torture took place at Area 2 Police Station and that Jon Burge played predominant a role in it . This is the same conclusion that has been found by numerous judges , Chicago City Council members , the Cook County Board of Commissioners and International Human Rights entities , such as the Inter American Commission for Human Rights and the United Nations Committee Against Torture . No longer can the evidence of torture be dismissed as “ allegations ” or Burge be referred to as an “ accused ” torturer .
The conviction of Burge should not be considered an end result , but rather another step in the continuing struggle for justice for torture survivors . These past two years have seen advancements in the political , legal and organizing work . Torture survivors have been granted new hearings , exonerations , and released from prison , civil rights lawsuits have continued , a federal judge has held Daley as a defendant in one of the cases , resolutions have been brought locally and nationally and new projects such as the Torture Justice Memorial Project have been founded .
There are certain demands that have been raised by torture survivors and other community members as part of the struggle for justice in these cases . We must continue to demand new hearings and the release of torture survivors behind bars , as there are at least 15 men in prison as a result of tortured confessions . The U.S. Attorney must indict Burge 's confederates who are under federal investigation . In addition , the City of Chicago should pay reparations to the torture survivors , particularly those unable to file civil lawsuits , along with providing funding for a program that will provide psychological treatment for survivors , their families and communities that continue to deal with the trauma of the torture scandal . The City should also settle the pending civil suits on behalf of torture victims , stop using tax dollars to defend against the suits and stop payment of Burge 's pension , along with the other detectives who have been implicated in torture . The Mayor must apologize to the torture survivors , their families and the African American community , and the U.S. Congress should pass the Law Enforcement Torture Prevention Act .
On this day , we think back not only on that day two years ago , but on every other day that has been a step in the long road toward justice in these cases .
For more information on the legacy of the torture cases , visit the Chicago Police Torture page on this site or read the following article , which provides an overview of the political and legal struggle in these torture cases :
A Long and Winding Road : The Struggle for Justice in the Chicago Police Torture Cases
Legendary funnyman Don Rickles , who turned 90 on May 8 , is still performing and touring . The last of the old-time stand-ups is revered by a younger generation of comedians . ( Melissa Vallardes/For The Washington Post )
— “ Sweetie , ” Don Rickles says , welcoming us to their sumptuous Spanish villa near Beverly Hills . “ Can I get anything for you , dear ? ”
This is the comedian known as the Merchant of Venom , the Insult King from Queens , Mr . Warmth ( as in precisely the opposite ) . But not once in a convivial afternoon will they lob an insult our way , the sort they hurl at friends and fans alike , the latter paying handsomely for a dose of Rickles ridicule . At one point , they take our left hand , bows their bullet head and , in the custom of an Old World courtier , bestows a kiss .
It 's one of Hollywood 's worst-kept secrets that Don Rickles is a mensch .
They are beloved by Morgan Freeman , Martin Scorsese , Jack Nicholson , Clint Eastwood . “ The kindest man I 've come into contact with , ” Johnny Depp gushed at a star-studded tribute two years ago .
Sinatra adored him . “ Frank was the kind of guy , there was no gray area , ” says Rickles . “ He either loved you or fuggedaboutit . ”
Johnny Carson loved him , too — and the late “ Tonight Show ” host liked almost no one .
“ Don talks smack to people , ” says Kathy Griffin , another pal . “ But they reek of sweetness . ”
On May 8 , this much-loved avatar of invective turned 90 . Their career spans six decades , from appearing in a Clark Gable film to voicing Mr . Potato Head in “ Toy Story . ”
Their peers ? Dead , dead , dead , dead , dead ( Buddy Hackett , Alan King , George Carlin , Joan Rivers — even Garry Shandling , who was almost 25 years their junior ) or retired ( Shecky Greene ) . Rickles is one of the last of the old-time stand-ups standing .
These days , he 's a sit-down comedian . He 's largely confined to a chair — today it 's a recliner — due to necrotizing fasciitis , a horror show of flesh-eating bacteria that struck in 2013 and , six operations later , left their left leg bum .
Has it slowed them down ? Not so much . They still tour , defying expectations . And he 's more A-list than ever , doing Jerry Seinfeld 's “ Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee , ” attracting Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling to their L.A. show , hanging with industry swells at Vanity Fair 's molto selective Oscar kissfest , where they held court for seven hours , younger performers — they were all younger — dropping to their knees to pay their respects to the Don .
Rickles with Frank and Barbara Sinatra in 1990 . Rickles and Sinatra were close friends for many years . ( Bob Galbraith/Associated Press )
On this day , he 's ensconced in their second-floor man cave , dubbed the Mr . Warmth Room ( says so right on the door ) and crammed with memorabilia , a veritable den of Don . There 's their caricature from the Palm , a signed baseball bat from their beloved Dodgers , a stack of “ Mr . Warmth ” cocktail napkins with their likeness ( an earlier likeness , from the comb-over days ) , a cabinet crammed with their late son Larry 's musician figurine collections , photos of Don and celebrities everywhere , even the bathroom .
[ Jennifer Garner smells like cucumbers and America : Inside the most exclusive Oscars party . ]
Their offstage attire is country-club gentleman . Their voice is a rasp of a whisper . But they can slay without words : Their eyebrows are semaphores , their left hand a weapon that can dismiss a subject with a quiver .
Rickles , of course , was politically incorrect before it was incorrect . They elevated rudeness to an art form , but often with an embrace after the sting . They love their audiences . In return , they love the expectation of the unexpected , the unleashing of what is generally not said .
“ Don is saying the things that other people are thinking , ” says Bob Newhart , Rickles 's best friend and travel buddy , the sweatered stoic to their sweaty jester . “ There 's an expectation of risk when you go and see a Rickles show . ”
Newhart should know .
“ Such a nice family man , ” Ginny Newhart gushed when they met Rickles in Las Vegas in 1968 . Uh , wait , Newhart cautioned . That night , at the 2 a.m. show at the Sahara , Rickles gestured toward them : “ The stammering idiot from Chicago is in the audience , along with their hooker wife from Bayonne , New Jersey. ” The couples — Don and their beloved Barbara ( 51 years ) , Bob and Ginny — have been dear friends ever since .
Rickle comes up with all their own material , the best of it ad-libbed and delivered rapid-fire at the front row , the most dangerous place in comedy . Rickles can not tell a funny story . They do n't do jokes , per se . They react , free-forming from the stage .
And they can read an audience . “ I always said that if I had the education , ” they say , “ I could have been a damn good psychiatrist , because I can read people pretty good . ”
They know how far they can go and which subjects to avoid . They can get risque , but they never works blue . And , “ I do n't get into politics , ” they say .
Politics , however , has a way of finding him . At Sinatra 's insistence , they played Ronald Reagan 's second inauguration . They zinged , “ Is this too fast , Ronnie ? ” Reagan howled . During this presidential season , Donald Trump said of Marco Rubio 's swipes , “ He decided to go Don Rickles . But Don Rickles has a lot more talent. ” Meanwhile , observers detected a dash of Rickles in Trump . In response to which the comedian shrugs and shakes their left hand , as if to say , “ Are you kidding ? ”
This is a golden age of comedy , literally . Seinfeld is a near-billionaire . Tina Fey can open a movie , score a production deal , anything they want . Amy Schumer inked a deal north of $ 8 million for their memoir .
“ In my day , the money was so different , ” Rickles says . “ How would it have been for them if they had started out when I did ? ” On the other hand , “ I wonder how Amy Schumer is going to be when she 's 90 ? Look , I 'm not starving . ”
No , they are not . Their home is decorated in overstuffed Town and Country . The bar — what a bar ! — is all Versailles mirrors and a wedding registry 's worth of Waterford .
They have worked constantly and appears to have never said no to anything , as if the gigs and the money and the accolades from other comics might dry up by Tuesday . They worked seemingly every television series in the history of the medium ( “ Gilligan 's Island , ” “ F Troop , ” “ The Beverly Hillbillies ” ) , the “ Bikini Beach ” movies and most talk shows , skewering hosts and guests .
They were a staple of the televised “ Dean Martin Celebrity Roast , ” a fog of Scotch and Kent cigarettes from 1974 to 1984 .
“ I was the big macher , ” they say , the man who made the event happen . “ I was the closer. ” No one wanted to follow them after they expectorated barbs .
Rickles grew up in Queens and spent more than two years in the Navy during World War II — an experience that remains a staple of their act . Afterward , they dreamed of being Jason Robards , the Eugene O'Neill virtuoso and their classmate at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts , along with Anne Bancroft and Grace Kelly .
Instead , they mastered the long night 's journey into day .
They played strip clubs . They got fired from strip clubs . “ For years , I was known as ‘ Charlie Rejection . ' The managers did n't get it . ”
If they never reaped today 's fortunes , they enjoyed the Rat Pack experiences that younger comics might kill for , the beginning days of Las Vegas when , as they recall , “ past the Sands , there was nothing but a lot of sand . ”
Rickles played three performances a night — midnight , 2 a.m. and , brutally , 5 a.m. , “ to keep the guys at the tables ” in the lounge at the Sahara , the lesser room .
“ At 5 a.m. , you get all the guys who lost money , ” Rickles says . “ I always perspired because I was nervous . I used to get soaking wet . I 'd go through tuxes . ”
But they loved it . “ You had a hardcore audience , that 's what the biggest attraction was . I controlled all of them , ” they say . They heckled the hecklers . “ The rowdy guys snapped to attention and listened to me. ” Eventually , they played the big room .
In their show , Rickles pays tribute to their mother , Etta , who died in 1984 . They call them “ the Jewish Patton. ” “ I was Mama 's little boy , ” they say . “ She had a good business head . They were very critical . And they were very forceful . All actors are shy when they 're kids . I was . They got me to talk up . They gave me courage. ” Although they used to ask , “ Why ca n't you be more like Alan King ? ”
Rickles and their wife , Barbara , in 1974 . The couple have been married for 51 years . ( Associated Press )
Rickles married at 38 , ancient for those days . ( Etta moved in next door . ) For years , they had dated women who were distinctly not wife material , the sort who worked the edges of the Vegas night . Then they met Barbara , their agent 's secretary . They had two children : Mindy , who does stand-up , and Larry , who won an Emmy with their father for a 2007 HBO movie , “ Mr . Warmth : The Don Rickles Project . ”
In 2011 , Larry died of pneumonia at age 41 . “ Horrible , ” Rickles says , their voice tapering off . More they can not say . Larry 's 10-year-old French bulldog , Chauncey , lives with them and Barbara , the likeness between comedian and hound lost on no one .
* * *
Rickles 's big birthday came and went , a cake , dinner with the Newharts at Mr. Chow 's in Beverly Hills , two singers hired by conductor Zubin Mehta singing “ Happy Birthday . ”
Four days later , they played the Sands in Bethlehem , Pa. , an antiseptic box behind the rusting hulk of a steel mill . Not exactly Vegas , but he 'll take it .
They work like no other comic , backed by a 14-piece band . They perform in a tux and an oversize floppy bow tie , circa 1976 .
Some of the humor is vintage . They joke about Jimmy Cagney , dead for three decades , something about a dentist who was a relative , and old New York . It 's their shtick , he 's in no rush to change the formula .
A fan howls from mid-floor : “ Don , I want to shake your hand ! ”
Rickle snaps : “ Get better seats . ”
In the front row , they find their prey .
“ You 're 92 ? ” Pause . “ I 'm not going to lie to you . You look it . ”
Sure , they ca n't pace the stage the way they used to , but that trumpet of a mouth still works fine .
They give little thought to stopping . “ As long as I can get on a stage , ” they say , “ and they 're laughing their fanny off , and they show up , and I 'm well enough — even with the bad leg — I 'll keep working . ”
Ten dates brighten their tour schedule , plus an appearance on “ The Tonight Show ” and another turn as Mr . Potato Head in “ Toy Story 4 . ”
Three standing ovations in Bethlehem . Don Rickles is eager for more .
Former CIA deputy director Michael Morell , who supports Hillary Clinton and insists Donald Trump is being manipulated by President Vladimir Putin , said Russians and Iranians should be killed covertly in Syria to “ pay the price . ”
The top CIA official , who twice served as the acting director of the agency , and worked with Clinton while they were secretary of state , told PBS host Charlie Rose that Iran and Russia should “ pay a big price ” in Syria – and by that they meant killing them .
`` I ran the CIA now I 'm endorsing Hillary Clinton and I want Hillary to kill lots of Russians and Iranians in Syria '' : https : //t.co/Ka7oSby9kk — Christoph Germann ( @ newgreatgame ) August 9 , 2016
“ When we were in Iraq , the Iranians were giving weapons to the Shia militia who were killing American soldiers , ” Morell said . “ The Iranians were making us pay a price . ”
You see , Michael Morell is a man of virtue : they call for death and destruction in proper politesse . Heaven forbid they crack a rude joke . — Michael Tracey ( @ mtracey ) August 9 , 2016
“ We need to make the Iranians pay a price in Syria , we need to make the Russians pay a price , ” they continued .
When asked if that meant killing Russians and Iranians , Morell fully agreed , qualifying the answer with “ covertly . ”
READ MORE : ‘ Extremist & absurd ' : Lawmakers blast ex-CIA official 's call to ‘ covertly ' kill Russians
“ Tell the world about it , right ? ” they went on . “ You do n't stand up at the Pentagon and say ‘ we did this , ' but you make sure they know it in Moscow and Tehran . ”
Michael Morell on Charlie Rose said 'Hillary is the toughest in the room ' more pro-neocon shade throwing at Obama cc @ SamSacks @ samknight1 — Robbie Martin ( @ FluorescentGrey ) August 9 , 2016
Referring to the US-backed rebels in Syria , Morell said they wanted Washington to support them in more aggressive actions , not only against Bashar Assad 's government , but against Iranians and Russians .
READ MORE : Russia poses ‘ existential threat ' to US national security , Air Force secretary says
Morrell then went on a diatribe about how the US should “ scare ” Assad , including going after their national guard and “ bombing their offices in the middle of the night . ”
“ I 'm not advocating assassinating him , I 'm advocating going after what they think is their power base and what they need to survive . I want to put pressure on him , I want to put pressure on the Iranians , I want to put pressure on the Russians to come to that diplomatic settlement . ”
READ MORE : ‘ Did n't know they watch Fox in Russia ' : Defiant ‘ kill Russians ' US ex-general insists they told ‘ truth '
The former acting director of the CIA publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton last week through an opinion piece in the New York Times , praising their qualifications as commander-in-chief and calling their rival Donald Trump a threat to national security .
Morell : `` Just like we made the Russians pay a price in Afghanistan ''
Rose : `` By supporting mujahideen ? ''
Morell : `` Yes ! `` https : //t.co/Wg71K1wQSs — Christoph Germann ( @ newgreatgame ) August 9 , 2016
After they retired from the CIA in August 2013 , Morrell took a job at Beacon Global Strategies , a Washington , DC consultancy founded by Clinton aides Philippe Reines and Andrew Shapiro . There they worked with Leon Panetta , another Clinton aide and their predecessor at the helm of the CIA , who also spoke in support of Clinton at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia last month .
READ MORE : Lesser of two evils ? The Democrat 's dark history of the Hiroshima & Nagasaki 'war crimes '
Last year , Morrell apologized to “ every American ” and finally owned up to the “ mistakes ” made by the CIA in Iraq , where over 4,000 US soldiers and at least 250,000 Iraqi civilians have been killed since the 2003 US invasion .
Shake Shack , the New York-based global burger juggernaut , arrives in Houston next week . The company announced Friday morning that it will open its first Houston-area location on November 4 at 11 am .
The opening comes after almost a year of fevered anticipation — Shake Shack first announced its plans back in January — and a pop-up earlier this month that 1,200 people attended . So , yes , expect a crowd next Friday and for the foreseeable future .
With locations in 16 states , Washington , D.C. and six countries , Shake Shack has become one of the most-acclaimed burger chains in the world . The restaurant 's formula is relatively simple : a thin , diner-style patty on a potato bun topped with lettuce , tomato , cheese , and `` shack sauce , '' a tangy , mayonnaise-style spread .
Turning to the Houston location , the restaurant will have a Westheimer-facing entrance across from the `` jewel box '' that 's home to upscale fashion retailer The Webster and the upcoming Michelin-starred dim sum restaurant Yauatcha . Diners will be able to spot the restaurant by its living moss wall that 's been created by Austin-based firm Articulture Designs .
In addition to the familiar ShackBurgers and chicken sandwiches , the Houston location will get a couple of special items . Like Austin , the Houston shack will serve a Lockhart Link burger that 's topped with a jalapeno-cheese sausage from the iconic Texas barbecue joint Kreuz Market .
For dessert , the company has partnered with Fluff Bake Bar , Greenway Coffee , Morningstar for three concretes : the Cup|cake Crunch ( vanilla frozen custard , fudge sauce , Fluff Bake Bar devil 's food cake with pretzel crunch and caramel buttercream ) , Vietnamese Coffee and Donuts ( vanilla frozen custard , Morningstar cop doughnut , and Greenway Coffee café su dua marshmallow sauce ) , and Post Oak Pie Oh My ( vanilla frozen custard with a slice of Fluff Bake Bar seasonal pie ) . Five percent of sales from the Vietnamese Coffee and Donuts concrete will benefit the Houston SPCA .
“ The Galleria is a natural gathering place in Houston , ” said Shake Shack CEO Randy Garutti in a statement . “ We 're pumped to be a part of what they 've built , and create a new spot for friends and family to kick back with burgers and beer in a great setting . We were humbled by the turnout and love on social media from our pop-up with The Pass & Provisions in October . We ca n't wait to bring that energy to the Shack every day in this great city . ”
A second location will replace La Madeline in Rice Village next year .
When Sen. Rand Paul made comments about U.S. immigration policy in the wake of the Chattanooga shooting tragedy recently , a headline at Breitbart read “ Rand Paul : Restrict Immigration from Muslim Nations . ”
This sounds horrible , right ?
It does . It 's also not what Rand Paul said .
Writes Josh Guckert at The Libertarian Republic :
On Friday , Breitbart published an article entitled “ Rand Paul : Restrict Immigration from Muslim Nations. ” The supposed statement appropriately received scrutiny from the libertarian crowd , as it suggested that Paul was proposing limiting immigration from all Muslim countries purely for the sake of their being Muslim . However , upon further inspection , the article 's headline is no more than a case of sloppy journalism and oversimplification of Paul 's position statement . Said Paul : “ I 'm very concerned about immigration to this country from countries that have hotbeds of jihadism and hotbeds of this Islamism . There was a program in place that Bush had put in place—it stood for entry-exit program from about 25 different countries with a lot of Islamic radicals , frankly . I think there does need to be heightened scrutiny. ” Paul went on to reiterate , “ I 'm for increasing scrutiny on people who come on student visas from the 25 countries that have significant jihadism. ” In other words , Paul is not in favor of “ restricting ” immigration from “ Muslim countries ” ; they are in favor of heightening the level of scrutiny involved with those countries which have significant levels of Islamic radicalism .
What Rand Paul said is also nothing new . The senator has long held the view that the lack of scrutiny of those coming to the U.S. from troubling hotspots abroad represents a longstanding security risk that few are addressing .
In 2010 , when Paul was running for the U.S. senate , they said the same thing . In 2011 , when two Iraqi refugees were arrested on terrorism charges in Paul 's hometown of Bowling Green , Kentucky , they said the same thing . In 2013 , after the Boston Marathon bombing , they said the same thing .
After Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez allegedly killed four Marines and themselves in Chattanooga , Tennessee this week , Rand Paul said the same thing .
Rand 's father , Ron Paul , also said the same thing .
There are people on the right who want to deport millions of immigrants and shut down our borders . There are libertarians and some on the left who essentially believe in open borders ( and therefore , in the minds of many , do n't believe in national security ) .
Depending on the time of day and news cycle , Rand and their dad have been accused of both extremes . Ron Paul has been accused of being an immigration hardliner and an open borders sellout . Just like their dad , Rand Paul has been accused of being xenophobic and an amnesty advocate ( Sen. Paul wants immigration reform coupled with verifiable border security ) .
Not surprisingly , extremists tend to only see things in extremes .
Libertarian conservatives represent something better .
Libertarian Republicans like Rand and Ron Paul have always said Americans do not need to give up their constitutional rights or turn the country into Fortress America to have strong national security . We do not have to demonize groups of people–Hispanics or Arabs or anyone else–to protect our borders and keep us safe .
Rand Paul is saying we are n't even doing common sense things to keep us safe , like getting a better grip on who is coming into our country .
15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers were in the U.S. on lapsed visas . In the time since 9/11 , leaders in both parties have been willing to abolish the Fourth Amendment and start decade long wars in places like Iraq , but few have taken the basic step of improving our immigration system particularly as it relates to national security .
Most Americans do n't want to shut down our borders , give up their freedoms or start another unwinnable war . But they do want basic border and national security . Rand Paul is saying you can have all of these things without abandoning liberty .
This is not an extreme position . Libertarians should stop falling for headlines that portray it as such .
Disclosure : I co-authored Senator Rand Paul 's 2011 book The Tea Party Goes to Washington .
[ dropcap ] O [ /dropcap ] K , I know . It seems like a drug-fevered dream , something out of Alice in Wonderland , the caterpillar at their hookah , Grace Slick at the microphone .
But , if the calendar says 2014 , buying and smoking pot are legal in Colorado . You 've heard about it forever , but now you actually get to live it .
It 's not just a new year , it 's a new day . Colorado is the new Amsterdam . And from now on , everything is different .
Or not .
All right . I 'm giving this away early . I 'm voting on not . Yes , it 's wild that you can walk into a store and order up some pot to go , as if you were ordering a burger and fries . It 's giddiness-inducing stuff , and I 'm not sure Colorado voters had really thought through it . They knew that pot should be legal . Of course it should be legal . But what would it mean when it happened for real ?
[ pullquote ] If someone is looking for Amsterdam when they come here , they 'll find instead an unseemly shortage of decadence , and , if anything , that we are the clean-living capital of pot consumption . [ /pullquote ]
Still , I do n't think much happens . There 's the first frenzied day . And there 's the first week or month , like there was the first week or month of Krispy Kreme . But eventually , it 's just another option for a Saturday night – pot store or the liquor store . Brownies or brownies .
Our politicians are , of course , scared to death by the whole idea . I loved the Denver City Council debate on trying to make the new rules . You can smoke pot , just so long as no one can see it or smell it . Come on , smelling pot is almost as good as smoking it . Smelling it is this wink that you 're in on the secret . Warm smell of colitas…
They had to change that one , but , still , the rules are pretty absurd . We voted to legalize the stuff , but it 's illegal – at least in theory – to smoke pot at a Phish concert because . . because . . . I do n't know , either . Did you vote for that ?
The thing about politicians is that although nearly all of them have smoked pot , and some of them smoke it to this day , they are conditioned to say under all circumstances that drugs are bad , and that if they ever did them , they were just experimenting as if it were a chemistry assignment . And now after repeatedly saying no to drugs , they have to write rules to say yes to pot . Maybe they 'll also have to admit that the war on drugs has been a terrible failure and that they have been complicit .
Some business people are worried that Colorado will be the new pot tourist destination . I do n't see it . First of all , why would someone travel thousands of miles to buy a few ounces of pot they ca n't legally take with them anyway ? It 's not like there are pot shortages around the country – or that anyone has any trouble buying it illegally where they live . If there 's any risk of pot shortages , it 's at our pot shops . There apparently are n't yet enough of them licensed to meet the demand , so people will probably be sneaking around the corners again .
And second , we 're not some exotic drug haven — and wo n't be . Hunter Thompson , alas , has come and gone , although he 'll always be just outside of Barstow to me . If you 're Rocky Mountain high , it 's just as likely to be a buzz from craft beer , which is almost the opposite of pot , or at least pot as I first encountered it back in the distant day .
If someone is looking for Amsterdam when they come here , they 'll find instead an unseemly shortage of decadence , and , if anything , that we are the clean-living capital of pot consumption ( although , to be fair , Washington state , which has also legalized pot , could claim much the same ) . Tourists come here for the same reason most of us did – for the mountains and the outdoors and to get away from the 70-hour workweeks in the cities of long hallways and short , crooked streets .
Looking back , it was inevitable that we 'd be the first place – or tied for first – to legalize pot , although I confess I did n't see it coming . It happened here because of the peculiar intersection of politics and culture that can happen in the West and apparently the Northwest . After all , everything is politics , up to and including lighting up .
And it 's Colorado , where we have always had this weird strain of Western libertarianism that it has now been joined by the same mix of social liberalism that has turned the state from purplish-red to purplish-blue — the young urban dwellers who ca n't fathom that pot was ever against the law , the suburban middle-class types who fondly remember that first hit they took in middle school , the boomers who will insist on telling you late into the night how they invented the stuff .
But there is this exotic notion : Every time you leave the state , you 'll be the one they ask at the dinner party to tell the story of the first time you bought it legal . It 's not just the vision of the pot store round the corner . It 's a story to dine on . Until the rest of the states figure out they can be living the dream , too .
[ Image via daniellemharms
Image copyright AFP Image caption The national anthem may still be sung to celebrate Chinese victories in sports and athletics
China has banned the national anthem from being performed at weddings , funerals , commercial and other non-political events , state media reports .
Under new rules , the anthem is to be reserved for major political and diplomatic occasions , as well as places such as sporting arenas and schools .
The rules aim to `` standardise proper etiquette '' for the anthem , Xinhua news agency said , citing the authorities .
It said those who broke the rules would be `` criticised and corrected '' .
According to Xinhua , a Communist Party statement had regulated the use of the anthem , which reflected `` national independence and liberation , a prosperous , strong country and the affluence of the people '' .
For instance , the agency said , the anthem could be played when Chinese athletes won medals , and `` at arenas where national dignity should be fought for and safeguarded '' .
China 's anthem is known as The March of the Volunteers .
( Pool Image/Getty )
All polls and even informal observations by well-connected people confirm that the world 's opinion of the United States as a serious world power has eroded markedly . As President Obama and their entourage and imperishable following persevere in their conviction that this president 's benign championship of non-intervention , arms control , and giving rogue states the benefit of the doubt is winning hearts and minds to a new conception of a kindly , detached America , it is clearer every week that this administration 's foreign policy is contemplated with astonishment and contempt by practically everyone else . The Europeans , putative allies — a fact that , since the U.S. abandoned isolation , has meant a ready preparedness to have the U.S. liberate them from the Nazis and then protect them from the Soviet Communists , but means almost nothing now — are almost uniformly incredulous at the syncopations of recent American foreign policy .
Advertisement
President Carter was instrumental in removing the shah of Iran , the greatest ally the U.S. has ever had in the Middle East , not excluding Anwar Sadat and the Israelis , and the most enlightened leader in the 5,000-year history of Persia . President Reagan maintained civilized relations with Iraq in order to be on normal terms with one of the major Persian Gulf countries , and it may be a long time before there is agreement on exactly what Saddam Hussein concluded from their meeting with U.S. ambassador to Iraq April Glaspie on July 25 , 1990 , before subjugating Kuwait . ( Ms. Glaspie 's next overseas posting was consul general in Cape Town . ) President George H. W. Bush conducted a masterly coalition response to evict Saddam from Kuwait , but left them in power in Baghdad , massacring Kurds and putting on airs of triumph before the Muslim world . President Clinton pursued their zeal for nuclear non-proliferation to the point of imposing embargoes on both India and Pakistan when they acquired that capability , leaving the U.S. without any country to speak with in a normal and constructive manner all through South Asia between Jordan and Thailand . The initial campaign against terrorists , which attracted universal support and has been largely successful , mutated into overthrowing Saddam Hussein . George W. Bush promoted democracy to the point of destabilizing the friendly governments of Egypt and Pakistan and securing the democratic election victories of the anti-democratic Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon . By dismissing the entire government and armed forces and police of Iraq , 400,000 men unemployed but retaining their weapons and ammunition , Bush ensured the country 's descent into an unorganized bloodbath , and President Obama , by their abrupt withdrawal , ensured the preeminence , in most of the country , of Iran , and a slugging match between Iranian proxies and the Islamic State death squads .
RELATED : Decoding the Obama Doctrine
It is now impossible to make the case that the operation to remove Saddam was strategically justifiable . But President George W. Bush at least left their successor a war that was being conducted more or less successfully by the Americans and their allies on Inauguration Day , 2009 . President Obama 's withdrawal of all American forces , after a disagreement about applicable law for U.S. servicemen with the admittedly impossible prime minister , Nouri al-Maliki ( an Iranian stooge , but one whose stolen reelection the Obama administration tolerated ) , has led to a fairly steady and recently precipitate descent of international comprehension of long-term American goals and perceived interests .
The Obama administration believes that U.S. involvement in the world has been largely harmful .
At the outset of their administration in 2009 , Mr. Obama gave portentous addresses in Cairo and in Ghana that indicated that they thought all previous frictions that the U.S. had had with Middle Eastern and African countries could be laid at the door of the formerly entirely Caucasian and Judeo-Christian leadership , and that , given their more multiracial and multi-sectarian ancestry and orientation , these frictions had become obsolete . It was as if the president imagined that relations between states were ultimately determined otherwise than on the basis of their interests ; that pigmentation and the religious and racial connections of ancestors could seriously influence interstate relations . Having abandoned George W. Bush 's sophomoric confidence in the panacea of democracy in countries inhospitable to it , Obama destabilized the Egyptian dictatorship of Hosni Mubarak while turning a blind eye to the brutal theft of reelection in Iran by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . They thus completed the elevation of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt ( the Arab world 's 900-pound gorilla for 75 years ) , which ransacked the Israeli embassy , poured sophisticated ordnance into Gaza for Hamas to use against Israel , and subverted the democratic constitution , Allende-style ( Chile , 1973 ) . Even when overthrown by the military high command that the Muslim Brotherhood had itself installed , the Muslim Brotherhood continued to be solicitously referred to not only by the Obama administration but by prominent Republican senators such as John McCain and Lindsey Graham .
Advertisement
RELATED : Obama 's Ludicrous Middle East Policy
Advertisement
Advertisement
It is a painful and notorious narrative . The Obama administration believes that U.S. involvement in the world has been largely harmful : Obama has decried the lack of alliance consultation by Franklin D. Roosevelt and Winston Churchill as they directed the war efforts of the Western Allies “ brandies in hand. ” They have apologized for President Truman 's use of the atomic bomb against Japan and for President Eisenhower 's approval of the removal of ( the wildly incompetent if not mad ) Mohammad Mosaddegh as leader of Iran and the return of the shah . This was an astonishing sequence of criticisms of three of America 's most distinguished leaders and arguably the most generally esteemed statesman in the world of the past 150 years ( Churchill ) .
Advertisement
It is understandable and defensible that the president thought the U.S. should be less involved in the world , but the way to execute such an important change of course , like the manner of America 's emergence from isolation after World War II , was to explain the reasons for it , gain a national and congressional consensus for the policy change , and implement it in consultation with affected countries . Instead , this administration has tried to suck and blow simultaneously : To its domestic followers , it has been curbing adventurism and closing open wounds in Iraq and Afghanistan . To the world , it has been withdrawing from some areas , where America 's mission has been completed ( as in the elimination of organized terrorism , despite al-Qaeda 's murder of the American ambassador to Libya in Benghazi ) , but what was really a retrenchment to America was billed as a “ pivot to Asia . ”
RELATED : Yemen and the Collapse of Obama 's Middle East Policy
Despite these departures from longstanding policy , President Obama has continued to maintain that America 's influence is not only undiminished but enhanced . They declined to lift a finger to remove Qaddafi in Libya or Assad in Syria until it was too late to have much influence on events , but grandiloquently announced that they “ should go. ” And in Syria , we had the deconstruction of American security policy ad absurdum : The Sixth Fleet was dispatched to shower Assad with cruise missiles for gassing their own citizens ; then the constitutionally established post of commander-in-chief was abdicated to Congress , which , as it balked at military action , was assured by Secretary of State Kerry that the action would be “ unbelievably small ” ( which raised serious doubts about its deterrent and punitive value ) . This was the same John Kerry who ran for president in 2004 saying that they voted for the invasion of Iraq but against funding it . Obama spared themselves a rebuke from the Congress by seizing on an offhand comment by Russian president Vladimir Putin and dumping the resolution of the matter in their kindly lap . This was as close as the administration got to the famous “ reset ” of relations with Russia .
President Obama has continued to maintain that America 's influence is not only undiminished but enhanced .
The Iraqi army has melted away , despite billions of American dollars ' having been spent in recruiting , training , and equipping it . The tribes of Anbar , adjacent to Baghdad , who were the subject of much attention in the successful Bush “ surge , ” are unimpressed with the remnants of the Baghdad regime and hostile to the Iranian-led Shiites , who are now , unbelievably , the first line of defense of the American-sponsored Iraqi regime . As the provincial capital of Ramadi fell last week to ISIS , the president and their spokespeople , including the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs , General Martin Dempsey , who sets new records for implausible boosterism each week as a flack for the latest administration embarrassments , have joined in orchestrated denial that it is a serious setback .
RELATED : Obama 's Iran Agreement is a Charade
Advertisement
There is now no discernible U.S. strategy in Iraq . The administration claims to support the Baghdad government of Haider al-Abadi , who replaced Maliki , but it gives al-Abadi practically no support . It wo n't commit ground forces or mount a serious aerial offensive and is reduced to encouraging Iran to chase ISIS into Syria . This policy can only lead to greater bloodshed in Syria , while delivering all Iraq apart from Kurdistan to the militant Islamic and soon to be nuclear-armed theocracy of Iran . Once again , like George W. leading America 's allies into Afghanistan and then decamping to Iraq , Obama rounded up some allies to fight ISIS but has essentially handed the war off to Iran , America 's and the West 's greatest enemy in the Middle East .
# related # The president has convinced themselves that the open-ended appeasement of Iran will replicate the Nixon-Kissinger triumph with China . But they made no concessions to the Chinese : They agreed that there was one China but that Taiwan would not be reunited with the mainland by force , and it has not been . The Chinese assisted the U.S. in strong-arming Hanoi into a peace agreement . ( Everyone knew the North Vietnamese would violate its terms , but it was assumed that the U.S. would respond by a revival of its successful bombing campaign of 1972–73 , which it would have done if the Democrats had not crucified Nixon over the idiocy of Watergate . ) Obama is handing Iraq to Iran as they give Iran a green light to nuclear weapons , at the latest in ten years , as they unblock $ 150 billion that has been frozen , without even getting a reduction in rhetorical abuse from Tehran . Tom Friedman of the New York Times infamously called it a “ doctrine , ” in the sense of the Stimson or Truman or Nixon doctrines . But insipidity , irresolution , and obfuscation do not constitute a doctrine . America 's traditional allies have lost all respect for American foreign-policy-making , and have certainly not replaced it with any sense of purpose of their own . As the U.S. cranks up to another presidential election , and rhetoric echoes loudly around the country about “ the greatest nation in human history ” ( certainly a fair description in many respects ) , Americans should be aware of how the country is perceived by foreigners . Never mind the usual international-Left caricature of a police-run , coast-to-coast shooting gallery in the rubble heaps of many American cities ( and there is unfortunately some truth to this version also ) , it has almost become , as President Nixon warned , “ a pitiful , helpless giant . ”
This is a reversible condition , of course , but after four terms of almost unrelieved bipartisan official incompetence , America has dug itself into a deep hole , a process in which both the Bushes and the Clintons have done their part .
WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans on Wednesday blocked a measure intended to overturn a Supreme Court decision limiting pay discrimination suits in a politically charged vote certain to be replayed in the presidential and Congressional campaigns .
By a vote of 56 to 42 , the Senate fell four votes short of the 60 required to begin consideration of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , named for an Alabama woman who lost a case against the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company when the court found they not did file their complaint in time . Ms. Ledbetter had been paid as much as 40 percent less than their male counterparts doing the same job , according to them allies .
The political elements of the debate were unmistakable . Unable to reach an agreement with Republicans , Democrats did not convene the Senate until 5 p.m. so their two presidential candidates — Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois — could return from the campaign trail . Both spoke in favor of the legislation .
The campaign arm of Senate Democrats quickly issued news releases attacking Republicans up for re-election who opposed the procedural vote . And Democrats warned Republicans that they would hear from voters on an issue of major import to women as they accused Republicans of missing an opportunity to help victims of pay discrimination pursue justice in court .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I have a terrible feeling the Senate just wo n't get it , ” said Senator Barbara Mikulski , Democrat of Maryland , who suggested that the still-male-dominated Senate remained out of touch about the nation 's changing workplaces . “ But the women will get it , and we will start a revolution . ”
Though the rumors have been stirring for a while now , John-Henry Westen of LifeSiteNews reports today that sources in Rome are talking about a possible plan to ghettoize the Traditional Latin Mass :
Sources inside the Vatican suggest that Pope Francis aims to end Pope Benedict XVI 's universal permission for priests to say the Traditional Latin Mass ( TLM ) , also known as the Extraordinary Form of the Mass . While the course of action would be in tune with Pope Francis ' repeatedly expressed disdain for the TLM especially among young people , there has been no open discussion of it to date . Sources in Rome told LifeSite last week that liberal prelates inside the Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith were overheard discussing a plan ascribed to the Pope to do away with Pope Benedict 's famous document that gave priests freedom to offer the ancient rite of the Mass .
There 's no question that the TLM is a source of contention for many of the revolutionaries in the Church . After all , the majority of the resistance to their program of “ reform ” comes from traditionalist quarters . But while some ecclesiastical progressives recognize that with the TLM comes opposition through the commitment of those attached to it to doctrinal orthodoxy , Pope Francis seems annoyed at worst and indifferent at best on the question of traditional liturgy — or liturgy in general . Yes , he 's talked about attachment to the TLM as a “ fashion ” that they seem to think will pass , like all phases . But for the most part , their efforts have been focused almost everywhere but the liturgy . Westen continues :
The overheard plans are nearly identical to comments from an important Italian liturgist in an interview published by France 's La Croix earlier this month . Andrea Grillo a lay professor at the Pontifical Athenaeum of St Anselmo in Rome , billed by La Croix as “ close to the Pope , ” is intimately familiar Summorum Pontificum . Grillo in fact published a book against Summorum Pontificum before the papal document was even released . Grillo told La Croix that Francis is considering abolishing Summorum Pontificum . According to Grillo , once the Vatican erects the Society of Saint Pius X as a Personal Prelature , the Roman Rite will be preserved only within this structure . “ But [ Francis ] will not do this as long as Benedict XVI is alive. ” The plan , as related to LifeSite , involved making an agreement with the Society of St. Pius X and , with that agreement in place , sequestering those Catholics wanting the TLM to the SSPX . For most , that would strip them of access to the TLM since there would not be nearly enough SSPX priests to service Catholics wanting the TLM worldwide .
There are a couple of things to unpack here .
First , I just do n't think think Francis cares enough , for the reasons I stated above , to bother with Summorum Pontificum . There 's no indication that they see any threat in Latin Mass communities . They are a mild nuisance at best , and one they think — if they truly believe the resurgence in TLM attendance to be a fad — will take care of itself .
There are also the stories about how they got along well with the SSPX during their tenure in Argentina . The stories , as I 've heard them , are that the Society there did the kind of work amongst the poor and marginalized ( a natural result of their adherence to authentic social teaching ) that then-Cardinal Bergoglio approved of . So while they found them a bit liturgically and doctrinally eccentric , from their perspective they checked the right boxes , as it were , and they had no problem letting them continue their own affairs without interference .
It is for this reason , one theory goes , that they have seen no impediment to their reconciliation . ( And of course , if they show mercy to them , how can they be blamed by traditionalists if they show it to others who are…shall we say , less orthodox ? )
But this brings us back to the question of the proposed solution : a personal prelature for the SSPX under which all access to the Traditional Latin Mass would be ghettoized .
I find this far-fetched for several reasons . First , because the personal prelature seems like anything but a sure bet , with the 11th hour re-introduction of conditions that have long been considered non negotiable to the Society — conditions which the Pontifical Commission Ecclesia Dei ( which works under the CDF ) indicated as recently as last summer were within the parameters of negotiation .
Second , because I would be deeply surprised to see Pope Francis hesitate to do something simply because the Pope Emeritus is still alive . It certainly has n't slowed down any other portion of their program , and the Pope Emeritus has seen fit not to object to anything thus accomplished .
Third , and most importantly , because I do n't think the Society itself would go for it . There is nothing about the SSPX that indicates its leadership is seeking to have total control over tradition , in the liturgy or otherwise . Archbishop Lefebvre themselves wanted Rome to leave the liberty to say the old Mass available to the entire Church . And while Lefebvre was not happy with the conditions placed on it , in a talk given in 1984 , they said , “ It would be difficult to say that it [ the indult ] is not a good thing , since many people have asked Rome for this liberty , that those who say the Old Mass not be persecuted . ”
Further , according to the late John Vennari of Catholic Family News , “ In January 2001 , the SSPX established two primary conditions for negotiations from the Vatican as a gesture of good will , ” the first of which was that “ the Vatican make it known that every priest in the world may celebrate the Tridentine Mass without any restriction . ”
Bishop Fellay , under whose leadership that condition was issued , also lauded Summorum Pontificum when it was released in 2007 . They did not seem aggrieved that the TLM was not made only the purview only of the Society .
There is thus no reason to believe they would want it to be so in 2017 . In fact , their words ten years ago indicate that they clearly saw the Church 's ancient liturgy as a universal and unalienable right :
The motu proprio , Summorum Pontificum of July 7 , 2007 re-establishes the Tridentine Mass in its legal right . In the text it is clearly acknowledged that it was never abrogated . And so fidelity to this Mass—for the sake of which so many priests and lay people have been persecuted , or even severely punished , for almost 40 years this fidelity was never disobedience .
There is simply no evidence that the Society would , for any reason , go along with a plan to further restrict what they believe should be universally available .
Westen 's source also offers the hint of a possible plot from Cardinal Gerhard Müller , prefect emeritus of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , in undermining a deal between Rome and the Society :
LifeSite 's source suggested that the plan may explain a May 20 , 2017 letter by the recently ousted Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith , Cardinal Gerhard Müller . Even though Cardinal Müller wanted the SSPX fully reconciled to help fight modernists in the Church , the May 20 letter seemed to scuttle an agreement between Pope Francis and the SSPX which would see them get a personal prelature . The letter includes provisions long known to be completely unacceptable to the SSPX , thus nullifying an understanding SSPX leader Bishop Bernard Fellay believed was imminent .
If there 's one thing that 's become abundantly clear over the past year , it 's that Cardinal Müller hedges their bets and steps deftly away from danger . I can not imagine them going out on a limb to stop this deal to protect a Mass I 've seen no indication they have an attachment to . It is my understanding that other prelates had to coax them into recognizing how important it would be to bring the SSPX in at this time . They were the one taking hardline stances about their positions until very recently . In December 2013 , they said :
The canonical excommunication of the bishops for their illegal ordinations was revoked , but a de facto sacramental excommunication remains for their schism ; they put themselves out of communion with the Church . After that we are not closing the door and never will , but we are inviting them to be reconciled . But they too must change their attitude , accept the conditions of the Catholic Church , and the Supreme Pontiff as the definitive criterion for membership . [ emphasis added ]
Even if Müller 's intent was sabotage , their removal from the CDF could easily pave the way for a new , more conciliatory approach from the Vatican toward the Society that drops the conditions put forward in their May 20 letter . So far , we have n't seen any indication of this .
So while I have no doubt that Westen has credible sources in Rome who have heard such talk , the entire idea strikes me as one of those plausible-sounding but probably false narratives . Whether this is intentional on the part of those who might have an interest in sowing disinformation or merely the result of wishful thinking , I 'd be surprised to see anything further come of this .
It is often thought that atheists have no spirituality . That all atheists care about is making religious people feel stupid , and that there is no more to life than understanding complex interactions between matter . That feeling connected or involved in the universe is solely the privilege of the faithful . I disagree with this .
Though I dislike the word spirituality itself , mainly due to all its religious connotations , I understand the word 's significance . Spirituality is simply an adjective that is used to describe the search for one 's place in the universe .
No one wants to feel alone in life , and even if you are alone , being spiritual makes you feel connected to the world and other people in it . Atheists get that , and it is important , maybe even essential , to our species ' psychological makeup to feel this way . There are ways to feel involved with the world that do not involve mystic mumbo-jumbo however .
1 . Understanding Life
Science as a whole is a woefully-neglected subject in public schools , and it is a shame , because of all disciplines , it can be the most spiritual , especially the study of biology .
All species on earth were at one time connected , we all share certain common characteristics passed on through eons in our DNA strands , and we are just one link in a chain whose future is uncertain . Think of how mind boggling it is that for about 150,000 years human beings , no different than you and me , walked the Earth with other human-like species . Or how incredible it is that we share a common ancestor with both a dragonfly and a grapefruit .
To know evolution is to know the story of life on earth , and to know the scientific story of life is to feel connected to the world as you never have before .
2 . Understanding the Stars
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on Earth . That is a stupefying number of stars . The size and scale of the universe are unfathomable , and the age is beyond comprehension . There are stars in the universe whose size is a million times bigger than our sun , which is the size of about a million earths . If the study of biology makes us feel connected to the world , the universe reminds us of our place in it , and our past in the stars .
Everything that exists was forged in the furnace of a star , which is the only place hot enough for atoms to merge and combine to form new elements . All the elements that make up your body came from a supernova , which means you , and everyone you love , and everything you see is connected not only with each other , but with the entire universe as well .
3 . Death
Most people live their entire lives trying to deny that they will die . Some people do n't really live their entire lives trying to avoid their ultimate fate . Death is the great equalizer , and it will come to us all one day . There is no escaping it , and really , very little that can be done to postpone it .
When you die , your body decomposes back into various elements which are consumed and used and put back into the earth , which will be blown up eventually by the sun , and scattered across the universe . Embracing the idea that you will die also becomes liberating . Once someone accepts that their death is inevitable , they begin to lose tolerance for doing something they hate doing .
Frederick Douglass wrote in their memoirs that when they were a slave they were terrified of being whipped , until one day they struck a white man . Knowing the penalty for hitting a white person was death , Douglass spent a few days living in terror of what would happen next . While they are n't killed , their brush with death changed them forever . They realized that as a slave their days were numbered anyway , and that one day soon , they would probably die a violent death . Once they accepted this their condition became intolerable . They lost the fear of dying in pursuit of living .
Accepting that one day you will die is a key factor in deciding to really live . To grab your life , and decide , this is what I am going to do , is the key to happiness .
4 . Embracing Freedom
Once one acknowledges that death is inevitable , there are only two choices . Live life as you want to , or just wait it out . I think the most spiritual way someone can spend their life is embracing all the challenges of pursuing your dreams , not kneeling in front of some altar . The freedom to use the brief time you have to exist is freedom that no one can deny you .
Whether you want to be a chef , a doctor , or a pornographic filmmaker , the choices you make are entirely yours , and you have all the power to create make your life into a work of art , unique and totally yours .
5 . Lack of Control
Paradoxically , the more control one gains over one 's life , the more one realizes the less control one has over events . True spirituality with the universe recognizes that randomness plays a large part in our day-to-day lives .
Being spiritual means not fighting these changes that can not be fought , such as a relative dying in a freak accident , losing one 's job because of the economy , having your face ripped off by an angry chimp .
Change is the only constant in life , and it is embedded in the laws of physics . To be a part of change is to be a part of the world , being changed is existing . Struggling against change is struggling against the will of the universe .
SANAA ( Reuters ) - Jets belonging to a Saudi-led coalition killed at least 20 people at a wake in northern Yemen on Sunday , local tribesmen said , as warplanes pounded Houthis and other forces behind a missile strike that had killed dozens of Gulf Arab soldiers .
The air strikes targeted troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh , an ally of the Houthis , across the country and hit a Houthi base in what had been the al-Imam University , a religious school in northern Sanaa , locals said .
But residents said the deadliest strike was in al-Jouf province north of Sanaa , where warplanes hit a wake for a local who had been killed by Houthi gunfire , in what was apparently an accidental strike by the coalition .
A spokesperson for the coalition could not immediately be reached for a comment .
In Sanaa , residents said buildings had been leveled as explosions rang through the night and morning before stopping around noon . There were unconfirmed reports of two deaths .
The al-Sabeen maternity and children 's hospital said it had been damaged , with patients trapped inside , and appealed to international organizations to help evacuate them .
The Saudi-led coalition says it does not target civilian facilities . But on Saturday , at least 27 members of two families were killed in Sanaa by air strikes targeting Houthi positions in the city , according to hospital officials .
DEADLY ATTACK
On Friday , the Iranian-allied Houthis had attacked a weapons storage facility in Marib , where supporters of exiled President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi had been massing troops and equipment in preparation for an assault on Sanaa .
The attack killed 45 soldiers from the United Arab Emirates , 10 Saudis , five Bahrainis , and four Yemenis .
It was the heaviest toll suffered by the Saudi-led alliance since it began its air war in March to try to restore Hadi to power .
Hadi was installed in 2012 under a Gulf Arab-sponsored deal that saw Saleh , Yemen 's leader of three decades , step down after months of street protests .
But after the Houthis seized the Yemeni capital last year , Hadi fled to the southern city of Aden , their main power base , and then into exile in Saudi Arabia .
Slideshow ( 4 Images )
UAE forces were important in helping Hadi 's forces drive the Houthis and their allies back out of Aden in July , a big win for the Arab coalition .
But security has yet to be restored in the port city , where a spate of attacks and killings , as well as a demonstration by armed men waving al Qaeda flags , have prompted fears that Islamist militants could now take control .
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) denied in a Twitter message that it was behind recent assassinations in the city , and laid the blame on pro-Saleh agents provocateurs , the SITE monitoring service reported .
The State Department issued a travel alert Tuesday to Americans who plan to travel to Europe this summer , warning that there is a risk of potential terrorist attacks throughout the region .
`` The large number of tourists visiting Europe in the summer months will present greater targets for terrorists planning attacks in public locations , especially at large events , '' says the alert , which is in effect through the end of August .
Specifically , the State Department is warning Americans about travel to the European Soccer Championship from June 10 to July 10 in France . The alert also mentions that France extended its state of emergency to cover the Tour de France cycling race from July 2 to July 24 .
CBSN revisits Brussels community after terror attacks
`` Euro Cup stadiums , fan zones , and unaffiliated entertainment venues broadcasting the tournaments in France and across Europe represent potential targets for terrorists , as do other large-scale sporting events and public gathering places throughout Europe , '' the alert says .
In late July , Poland will also host the Catholic Church 's World Youth Day in Krakow and the event is expected to attract up to 2.5 million people , the State Department said . As a result , it says `` local infrastructure may be strained '' and Americans should be expected stricter security screenings throughout the country .
The State Department advises Americans traveling to Europe to remain vigilant in public places or when they use mass transportation , and to avoid crowded places . It also says that travelers should stay in touch with their families and to have a plan in case people are separated .
The alert comes only a few months after the terrorist attacks that rocked Brussels in March . Paris experienced two terrorist attacks last year , with the first in January when terrorists targeted the offices of Charlie Hebdo and last November when terrorists struck a soccer stadium , cafes , restaurants and a major music venue .
We are excited to announce that we have transferred all Backer pledges to our pledge management tool , BackerKit . We know that we have a lot of Backers who have not used Kickstarter or BackerKit before so we 've included a thorough set of instructions and FAQ items below .
How do I get my invitation ? You should receive an email from BackerKit this week with a link to your account that includes all your Backer information in it . Due to the large number of Backers , it will take a few days for ALL the emails to go out . Please be patient . ( And do n't forget to check your spam folder . )
If you do not receive your BackerKit email by December 8 , just go to this link , enter your Kickstarter ( or Paypal ) email address , and click on the `` Get My Survey '' button . You will be sent a new email with a link to your account .
If you use your Facebook login for your Kickstarter account , the BackerKit survey will be sent to the email address you use for your Facebook account .
If you have another email address that you would prefer to use , please contact BackerKit support at support @ backerkit.com and they 'll get you sorted out .
Do I * Really * Need to Go to BackerKit ?
Yes ! All Backers must go to their BackerKit account to let us know the type of game key to deliver ( Steam , GoG , or Humble ) .
This account is also where you will return for all your digital rewards ( most importantly , your game key when the game releases ) so when you 're done , we suggest you make a BackerKit login and password so you can easily return to your account at a later date .
In addition , if you backed at a reward level with physical rewards , this is where you 'll tell us which Heraldry set you 'd like , what size and color jacket you want , and what your shipping address is .
What If I Included Extra Funds for Add-Ons ?
If you pledged extra funds for Add-Ons , you will find a credit in your BackerKit account . As you go through the survey process , you will choose your Add-On items .
Can I Upgrade My Pledge Level or Purchase Add-Ons ?
Yes , you can upgrade your pledge level , purchase Add-Ons ( and even send some extra support to the studio in the form of bagels ! ) . If you upgrade or purchase Add-Ons , you will need to input payment information in BackerKit - but you will not be charged until we “ Lockdown ” accounts on January 15 .
BackerKit Lockdown and Distribution of Digital Rewards
We will “ Lockdown ” all BackerKit accounts at 10pm PST on Friday , January 15th . When we hit the button to lockdown accounts , the following will happen :
You will no longer be able to make changes or additions to your account ( except to update/change your shipping address . )
All outstanding balances will be charged
Digital Add-Ons of Sourcebook PDFs and ‘ Mech Blueprints will become available in your BackerKit account . You will need to return to your BATTLETECH BackerKit account , click the “ Get Your Digital Rewards ” button and download your rewards
Customized Rewards
For those of you at the Mercenary MechWarrior pledge level ( $ 1000 or above ) , we 'll be in touch by email in the coming months for more information on your customized rewards . We 'll also make arrangements for you to connect with Michael Stackpole about your E-novel character and visit to HBS .
BackerKit FAQ
1 . I did n't get my BackerKit email invite . What do I do ? The easiest thing to do is resend your invite to yourself ! Just go here : https : //battletech.backerkit.com , enter your Kickstarter ( or Paypal ) email address , and click on the `` Get My Survey '' button . You will be sent a new email with a link to your account .
2 . I forgot my BackerKit password . How do I get it ? Just go here : https : /battletech.backerkit.com , enter your Kickstarter ( or Paypal ) email address , and click on the `` Get My Survey '' button . You will be sent a new email with a link to your account .
3 . I want to sign back into https : //battletech.backerkit.com , but I do n't remember the email I used for my account . How do I get it ? It should be your Kickstarter ( or Paypal ) account email . If that does n't work , please email support @ backerkit.com and they will help you .
4 . I have a question about BackerKit that is n't covered here . What do I do ? Head over to https : //www.backerkit.com/faq_backer , or email the team directly at support @ backerkit.com . They 're happy to help !
5 . Why do I have to use BackerKit again ? The BackerKit folks are experts in streamlining the process of delivering crowd-funded rewards . Using their service allows our team to maintain focus on making a great game .
While our Community Team has been busy getting BackerKit all set up , the Dev Team has been driving hard on preproduction . We 'll be back with an update before the end of the year on what 's been keeping them busy . Now , go look for that BackerKit email and fill out your survey !
And when you 're done with that , come hang out with us over at ComStar : The Global BattleTech Community Forum ! The forums are a much easier and enjoyable place to communicate with your fellow MechWarriors than the Kickstarter Comments page ( for sure ) . Join the community , share and enjoy fan works , and pledge your affiliation to your House !
Best ,
HBS
PS : Our friends at Catalyst Gaming Labs recently announced the Beta Release of the first of a new line of sourcebooks for Alpha Strike - Combat Manual : Mercenaries . The limited-time Beta PDF sells for $ 5 . While the deadline for feedback was originally December 10th , due to holidays and the excellent feedback received to date , it 's been extended to January 10th ! When the final version is released at the standard price , Beta version owners will automatically receive a free upgrade .
BattleTech Combat Manual : Mercenaries contains information on the soldier-for-hire trade and their place in the Inner Sphere . This manual takes a look at some of the most renowned mercenaries of the 31st century circa 3025-3050 , detailing their histories , tactics , unit crests , paint schemes , and notable personnel . The Alpha Strike expansion includes special rules for unique character abilities , faction-specific rules , force-building , and a mini Technical Readout—everything you need to field your favorite mercenary command on the tabletop or create your own .
Catalyst is also offering a few specially priced combo packs for the Alpha Strike Core Rulebook and Alpha Strike Companion PDFs . And for a limited time , all Lance Packs are now $ 14.99 instead of the standard $ 19.99 . If you have n't given Alpha Strike a try yet , you can download a free QSR PDF of the rules . You can find it all on DriveThruRPG or BattleCorps .
The latest ingredient used by scientists in the fight against disease … .. the blue crayfish . On this farm deep in the southern Israeli desert the crustaceans have been raised for decorative purposes for years . But farmer Yossi Ben noticed their band of Australian Blue Crayfish had an unusual trait . SOUNDBITE ( Hebrew ) YOSSI BEN , FARMER , CEO AND CHAIRMAN OF 'AMORPHICAL ' , SAYING : `` These crayfish build shells 10 times faster than any other crustacean around the world . The shell is built from calcium . Then I discovered a little cell called a gastrolith , comprised of calcium that the crayfish produces or collects . I took this organ to scientists who studied it and it became clear that the entire world was looking for it . '' Scientists put the gastrolith under the microscope and were astonished by what they saw - a form of calcium called stable amorphous calcium carbonate . Calcium deficiency in humans can lead to osteoporosis . The calcium found in the crayfish is at least a hundred times more soluble in water than common crystalline forms of calcium available on the market . It also has double the absorption rate . Ben has set up a biotech firm he 's called Amorphical , to manufacture synthetic supplements made from it . They say animal tests showed prevention of bone loss from osteoporosis . A clinical trial run by scientists for the company showed mail carriersopausal women absorbed the supplements at twice the rate of crystalline calcium . ( SOUNDBITE ) ( English ) PROFESSOR NACHUM VAISMAN , FORMER HEAD OF CLINICAL NUTRITION UNIT IN THE TEL AVIV SOURASKY MEDICAL CENTRE WHO CONDUCTED CLINICAL TRIAL FOR 'AMORPHICAL ' , SAYING : `` I think this is a revolution . // The question that we still have to show , and we 've shown it at least on animals , is that this calcium once it comes into the body , into the blood , is really put in the bone , in the right places . '' Accoridng to Ben , clinical trials on Israeli cancer patients will begin next year after animal tests showed changes in the behaviour of affected cells .
Image caption Charles Taylor is the first former head of state to be convicted of war crimes since World War II
Ex-Liberian President Charles Taylor has arrived in the UK to serve the remainder of their 50-year prison sentence for war crimes .
They had asked the UN-backed special court in The Hague to serve their jail term in Rwanda instead .
Taylor was handed over to UK prison service representatives after their plane landed at 11:00 BST ( 10:00 GMT ) .
They were sentenced in May 2012 for aiding rebels who committed atrocities in Sierra Leone during its civil war .
Analysis British diplomats will hail the jailing of Charles Taylor in the UK as the successful culmination of a long-term development strategy in Sierra Leone . Many people in West Africa will agree with them . Taylor was convicted of backing Sierra Leonean rebels in the civil war , during which the UK was the main international supporter on the side of the government . After British troops helped defeat the rebels backed by Mr Taylor in 2000 , the British army embarked on a long-term retraining programme for the Sierra Leone armed forces . British aid workers meanwhile ran long-term development programmes and mentored the government . So the jailing of Taylor - and the British role in facilitating it - will be seen by the British as another part of the same strategy . Sierra Leone is still very poor and corruption is a major issue . But it is peaceful and democratic . It is a far , far better place than it was during the war years . Charles Taylor : Preacher , warlord , president
The former president , 65 , was convicted by the UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone ( SCSL ) , but their trial was held in The Hague in case it sparked renewed unrest in West Africa .
The Netherlands only agreed to host the trial if they were imprisoned elsewhere .
In a statement , the SCSL said Taylor left the Netherlands on a chartered flight on Tuesday morning , `` accompanied by Special Court detention and security officials '' .
They would be given credit for the time they had served in detention since their arrest on 26 March 2006 , the statement said .
Last month , Taylor 's appeal was rejected , with the court that ruling their guilt had been proved beyond doubt .
They were convicted on 11 charges including terrorism , rape , murder and the use of child soldiers by rebel groups in neighbouring Sierra Leone during the 1991-2002 conflict , in which some 50,000 people died .
The former Liberian leader was found to have supplied weapons to the Revolutionary United Front ( RUF ) rebels in exchange for so-called blood diamonds .
The rebels were notorious for hacking off the limbs of civilians to terrorise the population .
Taylor has always insisted they are innocent and their only contact with the rebels was to urge them to stop fighting .
Image caption Many victims of Sierra Leone 's civil war had limbs hacked off by rebels
They are the first former head of state convicted by an international war crimes court since World War II .
'Attack fears '
Earlier this month , Taylor sent a letter sent to the court saying they wanted to serve their sentence in Rwanda as it would be easier - and less expensive - for their family to visit them in Africa .
They also said they feared being attacked in a British prison .
Taylor timeline • 1989 : Launches rebellion in Liberia • 1991 : RUF rebellion starts in Sierra Leone • 1997 : Elected president after a 1995 peace deal • 1999 : Rebels take up arms against Taylor • June 2003 : Arrest warrant issued ; two months later they step down and goes into exile in Nigeria • March 2006 : Arrested after a failed escape bid and sent to Sierra Leone • June 2007 : Their trial opens - hosted in The Hague for security reasons • April 2012 : Convicted of aiding and abetting the commission of war crimes - later sentenced to 50 years in jail Why Taylor will be jailed in UK
In their three-page letter , seen by the BBC , Taylor said : `` My name is now associated with horrendous atrocities . Prison inmates , whether from the region or not , are likely to be inclined to inflict their own brand of justice by attacking me . ''
But the court said on Tuesday that `` no other country had offered or accepted to enforce the remainder of Mr Taylor 's sentence '' .
UK forces intervened in Sierra Leone in 2000 , sending 800 paratroopers to protect Freetown as rebel forces were closing in on the capital . They evacuated British citizens and helped secure the airport for beleaguered UN peacekeepers .
The British forces pushed back the rebels , allowing the UN peacekeeping force to operate effectively . British forces then stayed on for another two years to re-train the Sierra Leone army .
An act of parliament was passed in 2007 to allow for Taylor to serve their sentence in the UK at the cost of the government .
Bob McKenzie TSN Hockey Insider Follow|Archive
If you put any value on the opinions and/or prognostication skills of NHL head coaches , bet Washington or Pittsburgh to win the Stanley Cup this season .
That was one of a number of intriguing results from TSN 's annual Mid-Season NHL Coaches ' Poll , conducted over the last 48 hours and featuring responses from 25 of the league 's 30 head coaches .
Among other things , the coaches were asked to forecast the Eastern and Western Conference champions and which team would win the Cup .
Washington led the way , with 15 coaches having them in the final and 10 projecting them as Cup champs .
Pittsburgh was the next most popular Cup champion pick – eight coaches had the defending champions as repeating – but not one coach had the Pens going to the final and losing .
No other team in the East got a single vote to win the Conference or the Cup .
In the West , Minnesota got three votes as a Cup winner and Chicago got two .
Minnesota was , far and away , the most popular choice to win the West , garnering 11 votes . Chicago and San Jose got four votes apiece , with Anaheim ( three ) and Nashville ( one ) rounding it out .
Two of the 25 coaches who responded abstained from the Cup forecasting question ( s ) .
Stanley Cup Champion Team Votes Washington 10 Pittsburgh 8 Minnesota 3 Chicago 2
Eastern Conference Champion Team Votes Washington 15 Pittsburgh 8
Western Conference Champion Team Votes Minnesota 11 Chicago 4 San Jose 4 Anaheim 3 Nashville 1
The coaches were also asked to pick the best players in a variety of categories . They were not permitted to vote for players on their own teams . The questions and results are as follows :
1. Who 's the best player in the NHL this season ? ( Note , coaches were asked not to judge which player is most valuable to their team , just name the player at any position who has played the best this season . )
And the winner is ... Sidney Crosby .
The Penguins ' captain received 16 of 25 votes , more than double the number ( seven ) for Edmonton Oiler phenom Connor McDavid .
The only other two players to get a vote were both Washington Capitals : winger Alexander Ovechkin and centre Nicklas Backstrom .
Who 's The Best Player ? Player Votes Sidney Crosby 16 Connor McDavid 7 Alex Ovechkin 1 Nicklas Backstrom 1
2. Who 's the best defenceman this season ?
And the winner is ... Brent Burns .
It was pretty much a landslide win for the San Jose Sharks ' bearded blueliner , who 's been dominant this season .
The only other defenceman to get multiple votes was Montreal 's Shea Weber ( three ) . Ottawa 's Erik Karlsson , Tampa 's Victor Hedman and Minnesota 's Ryan Suter got one vote apiece .
Who 's The Best Defenceman ? Player Votes Brent Burns 19 Shea Weber 3 Erik Karlsson 1 Victor Hedman 1 Ryan Suter 1
3. Who 's the best goalie this season ?
And the winner is ... Sergei Bobrovsky .
The Columbus Blue Jacket netminder had 14 votes compared to runner-up Devan Dubnyk of the Minnesota Wild , who had seven .
Montreal 's Carey Price and Washington 's Braden Holtby were the only other goalies to get votes . They had two apiece .
Who 's the best goalie ? Player Votes Sergei Bobrovsky 14 Devan Dubnyk 7 Carey Price 2 Braden Holtby 2
4. Who 's the best rookie this season ?
And the winner is ... Auston Matthews .
The Toronto Maple Leaf centre dominated in the same fashion as Burns did in defenceman voting . Matthews received 20 votes compared to four for Winnipeg 's Patrik Laine .
The only other rookie to get a vote was Columbus blueliner Zach Werenski ( one ) .
Who 's the best rookie ? Player Votes Auston Matthews 20 Patrik Laine 4 Zach Werenski 1
5. Who 's the Coach of the Year this season ?
And the winner is ... John Tortorella .
Torts went from being the media 's odds-on favourite in October to be first NHL coach fired to being No . 1 on 15 of their peers ' ballot for mid-season Coach of the Year .
Columbus was also the only team to produce two individual winners in the TSN coaches ' poll .
Minnesota 's Bruce Boudreau , with six votes , was the only other coach to get multiple votes .
Edmonton 's Todd McLellan , Carolina 's Bill Peters , Chicago 's Joel Quenneville and Montreal 's Michel Therrien each received one vote .
When Mikheil Saakashvili was appointed governor of the Ukrainian region of Odessa a year ago , the former Georgian president constantly mentioned Vladimir Putin . Reforms in post-revolution Ukraine , and attempts to reform Russophone Odessa , were all part of a grand plan to stick two fingers up to the Kremlin , and prove to both Ukrainians and Russians that post-Soviet life could be transformed to remove corrupt elites and promote democratic values .
A year later , and Saakashvili still talks about Putin , during a late-night interview at their residence on the outskirts of Odessa . But as well as the Russian president , the man who crushed their Georgian army during a brief 2008 war , Saakashvili also has increasingly tough words for the man who appointed them to their new role in Odessa : the Ukrainian president , Petro Poroshenko .
For Saakashvili , the crunch time has now approached to determine whether Poroshenko is part of the problem , or part of the solution . Last month , they held a press conference in which they blasted the president for not fulfilling a single promise made since they took office after the 2014 revolution .
“ For a long time , Poroshenko has been very flexible , ” Saakashvili told the Guardian , speaking in their rapid , lightly accented English , learned while studying in the US . “ If you were a reformer they spoke reform language . If you were someone old-fashioned , they said OK , we can find a way to deal with you . Now he 's brought in a government which has not got any vision of reforms at all . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Saakashvili , then Georgia 's president , meets David Cameron in Tbilisi in 2008 . Photograph : Pool/Reuters
Poroshenko , a chocolate tycoon turned reform politician , has faced increasing criticism in Ukraine in recent months . The Panama Papers leaks suggested their companies had set up offshore holdings even as their army was fighting a decisive battle with Russian troops in 2014 . Increasingly , Ukrainians see their government as beholden to the old system of oligarchic backroom deals , and not serious about changing the fabric of Ukrainian politics and society . Many accuse them of betraying the ideals of the Maidan revolution , in which more than 100 protesters died .
Poroshenko 's new government was approved last month after weeks of political wrangling and the ignominious decline of the former prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , who had single-digit approval ratings and was physically carried out of the parliament chamber by an irate MP after narrowly surviving a no-confidence vote in February .
A number of key reformers have left the government , and there has been cynicism over whether the new prime minister , Volodymyr Groysman , is a politician able to push through necessary reforms . Western diplomats , while increasingly frustrated at the slow pace of reform , were keen for a compromise government to be found to avoid snap elections and a renewed period of political instability .
Saakashvili , however , referred to the new government as “ a bunch of mediocre people ” . Almost every day there appear to be new depressing developments : reform-minded officials walking away from the government , progressive appointments blocked or stalled .
The controversial outsider
A charming seaside town of high culture and low business practices , Odessa has long been famous for its dodgy deals and sprawling mafia structures – the archetypal corrupt Ukrainian city . As an energetic outsider , Saakashvili was seen as the perfect person to take on the huge challenge of reforming it .
The garrulous Georgian has always been a controversial figure – revered by some for the reforms they pushed through as president of Georgia and despised by others , especially in Moscow . Saakashvili took Ukrainian citizenship to take up the Odessa post , and has been stripped of their Georgian citizenship . They are wanted on various charges in Georgia , but dismisses the cases as retribution by their political enemies .
Saakashvili led the Rose revolution in Georgia in late 2003 , and until 2013 remained president of a country where they were able to use the huge power of their role to cut corners . Many say they eventually developed dictatorial tendencies .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko , left , and Saakashvili meet supporters in Odessa after their appointment as governor of the region . Photograph : Mykola Lazarenko/AP
In Ukraine , their powers as the appointed governor of one region give them much less of a blank slate to work with , though their background as a former president , and high approval ratings for their public outbursts about corruption , have given them the ability to speak to Poroshenko in the sort of lecturing tone that bureaucrats usually reserve for their underlings rather than their superiors .
In the past year they have functioned as a kind of political Catherine wheel – burning brightly and with great intensity , but always appearing on the edge of spinning out of control . They typically combine poised confidence with something of the manic ; in their interview with the Guardian they spoke firmly and with great persuasion , but wore a blue T-shirt that appeared to have a significant amount of water spilled on it .
However , in a country where hopes of a new type of governance have begun to evaporate as oligarchic influence over politics and business returns , Saakashvili 's very emotional and public outbursts are popular . They are now beginning to focus on the president himself .
“ He knew the risks , ” said Saakashvili , when asked if such strident criticism of their boss was turning them into something of a headache for Poroshenko . They have a reputation as a hothead , something of which Ukrainians were reminded in December , during an extraordinary cabinet meeting in which Saakashvili shouted that the interior minister , Arsen Avakov , was corrupt and should be jailed . Avakov threw a glass of water in Saakashvili 's face and called them a “ bonkers populist ” .
Outsized ambition
In Odessa , critics say they have picked their targets selectively , not going after business people who contribute to a fund set up to boost the town budget , while very publicly dressing down others . Their erratic working practices – televised tirades , impromptu press conferences and midnight meetings – have both their fans and their detractors .
The Odessa business person Andrey Stavnitser , a Saakashvili supporter , said there had been a real change in the city 's business climate . People are scared to take bribes now , but they are worried this is based on a fear of Saakashvili 's impulsive outbursts rather than institutional reform . “ The old officials are like problem gamblers , ” they said . “ They are walking past the casino and they really want to go in , their hands are beginning to shake , but they do n't . But just a bit longer and they will end up back inside as before . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mikhail Saakashvili visits Georgian troops in the village of Ergneti in August 2008 as Russia intensified airstrikes and a naval blockade against Georgia . Photograph : Zurab Kurtsikidze/EPA
Others in Odessa said that while the political tone had changed since the former president Viktor Yanukovych was ousted in the Maidan revolution , and the public space for free media and open debate was now much broader , the problem of corruption had not gone away .
“ Yanukovych 's people thought they would be around for years to come , so they would come and tell you they want half the company , ” said Vadim Cherny , an Odessa business person who has survived a number of assassination attempts , including having two cars blown up , in the past decade . “ These new guys view themselves as transitory , so they try to steal as much money as possible from you in cash . They have n't got rid of corruption ; they have just changed its form . ”
One of Saakashvili 's biggest priorities has been to reform the customs service at Odessa port . They believe there is an easy way to get rid of corruption in state bodies : fire everyone . In Georgia , they famously disbanded the entire institute of the traffic police , who have a reputation for being corrupt across the former Soviet Union .
They want to take the same approach to Odessa 's port . “ We need to fire them all . We have 130 new people . They are young , new and trained , and the old ones are hopeless , ” they said . A number of business people noted that bribes at the port really had stopped in recent months , mainly because people were scared of becoming the next victim of one of Saakashvili 's public anti-corruption tirades .
But due to a much-maligned quirk of Ukrainian law in which goods can pass customs at any point in the country rather than at the point of entry , many companies have simply decided to bypass Odessa and pass customs in other places where the old schemes still work .
Critics say Saakashvili 's recent foray into the national arena is born of their outsized ambition , and a desire one day to become prime minister of the country . Instead of focusing on improving Odessa , they say , they have taken to criticising the government , and taking an “ anti-corruption roadshow ” around the country . They are expected to set up a political party of their own , though the lack of early elections has stymied this for now . They insist , however , that their focus on national politics is a necessary extension of their work in Odessa .
“ You can not create something beautiful in this ugly environment ; an oasis in the desert , ” said Saakashvili . “ I hope Poroshenko understands the importance that you ca n't do it halfway . Half-made reforms mean they get discredited ; you get the thing we always have in the post-Soviet space where people think reforms are impossible , so then nothing gets done . ”
Virtus.pro travel to Kiev hoping to make amends after being sent packing in the group stage at the IEM World Championship , in Katowice .
But despite the early exit at the IEM event , 2017 has been a great year for Virtus.pro thus far , with the team launching a title-winning campaign at DreamHack Masters Las Vegas after finishing runners-up to Astralis at the ELEAGUE Major .
TaZ believes Virtus.pro 's era will come
Read on to find out what Wiktor `` TaZ '' Wojtas had to say about coping with the early elimination in Katowice , the team 's continuous struggle in online tournaments , the rivalry with Astralis , and more .
You began the year with a third place at WESG but then bounced back with a second place at the ELEAGUE Major and a first-placed finish at DreamHack Masters Las Vegas . Was that a slap in the face of those who seemed to have forgotten about you ?
I do not think people forget about us , regardless if we play well or not . Haters will hate , no matter what , and some fans come and go , that is just how it goes . We used to have very poor results at the beginning of a year , so I am just very happy that we were able to get some good runs early on this time around .
After those incredible runs in Atlanta and Las Vegas , you went out of the groups at IEM Katowice , on home soil . Was it a hard blow to take ? How did the team react ?
It is hard to describe the feeling after such a loss , it was painful , to say the least . I think that we would gladly give away our earlier runs just to be able to play on stage for that crowd . We are from Poland , and there is nothing more exciting and rewarding than playing on stage for the people who support us fully with their hearts . I am glad we will have one more chance this year ... and we will do our best to make it count .
What do you think that the team is still missing to reach the level of consistency required to finish in the top places at every event ?
We have been playing with the same roster for three years , I do think that we are pretty consistent with our results , we always want to win every event , our attitude will always be like that , and we show no fear to other teams . You can not always succeed , but one day the so-called `` Era of Virtus.pro '' will come . I want us to win three-four events in a row and we have time to do that . We do not go at each other 's throats after defeats nor do we get carried away by our successes . We continuously strive for greatness . Hard work , dedication and belief will guide us to that goal , but we can not forget about having fun . Playing games is fun , competition is fun . Victories will come .
You were very critical of the format used in Katowice . Why was that ? Do you prefer the Swiss format that you will find in Kiev ?
I was just crying , I am a very emotional person . I hate to hide my feelings , so when I feel something ... it kills me from the inside if I do not say it out loud , but we can agree that Social Media is not the place for that ! It is obvious that I prefer the Swiss format or the bo3 . Still , losing in Katowice was a big blow and I could not control my temper . I live and breathe Counter-Strike , every loss hits me like a train . I am just that kind of person . I guess that is why I am still here .
There has been some friendly banter between you and device on Social Media of late . What is your opinion about the rivalry between your team and Astralis ?
Honestly , I do not see any banter . For me , there was only one statement after the Major , we made it happen and I moved on . Still , it is fun to sometimes bring up the heat ! I guess we always have that kind of rivalry against the No.1 team . It is like a game for us , if we get beaten on `` normal mode '' we turn the `` night mode '' on and go for another brawl !
What was practice for this event like ? Was it just online or did you have a bootcamp ? What aspects have you been focusing on ?
We only practised online for this event . After so many years together , I believe we understand what the team needs , and sometimes playing 24/7 just kills your hunger . Once again we worked on our weak spots , and we will see on LAN if we have made any progress . So yet again ... Virtus.low or Virtus.plow ! Vote now !
When Hurricane Sandy flooded two adult homes in Queens , hundreds of disabled , elderly or mentally ill residents were caught in the surge . After weeks in public shelters , they were bused , over their objections , to a dilapidated four-story building called King 's Hotel , in a crime-ridden section of Brooklyn .
Many had not showered in days . Crammed three cots to a room , they lacked basics like clean underwear . But in the parallel universe of New York 's redesigned Medicaid program , they represented a gold mine .
Business managers from CenterLight Healthcare , a managed care company specializing in long-term services , huddled in a ground floor hotel room , poring over health data and spreadsheets that identified residents by name and room number . At the managers ' direction , crews of enrollment nurses tracked down residents to pressure as many as possible to sign up with the company 's long-term care plan , according to current and former CenterLight employees who were there .
To CenterLight , which had struck an unusual deal with the state to run the hotel as a temporary adult home , the evacuees were a captive audience , and each signature was worth $ 45,600 a year in fixed monthly Medicaid fees . To an agency supplying aides there , the signatures also meant more money .
BUCHAREST , Oct 27 ( Reuters ) - Romania 's top oil and gas group Petrom and U.S. major ExxonMobil have begun drilling a third deepwater well in the Black Sea in the European Union state , Petrom said on Monday .
The Pelican South-1 well is located 155 kilometres offshore in the Romanian sector of the Black Sea , in the Neptun Block which Petrom and Exxon jointly hold .
“ The Pelican South-1 well will test a new geological structure on the Neptun Block , ” Petrom said in a statement .
Petrom and ExxonMobil jointly own the Domino-1 well , the first deep water exploration well in Romanian waters . In 2012 , the firms said they discovered 1.5-3 trillion cubic feet ( 42-84 billion cubic metres ( bcm ) ) of gas reserves at Domino-1 .
For more details , please see . ( Reporting by Luiza Ilie )
Sculptor Henry Augustus Lukeman ( hand on sculpture ) inspects the head of Robert E. Lee in 1928 while carving the Confederate memorial on Stone Mountain . ( Atlanta Journal-Constitution )
STONE MOUNTAIN , Ga. — Of all the Confederate monuments under fire , few are more figuratively weighted — and literally fixed — than the 1,700-foot high outcropping of granite outside Atlanta with carvings of Robert E. Lee , Thomas “ Stonewall ” Jackson and Jefferson Davis .
Covering more than 17,000 square feet of mountain and 40 feet deep in the crannies , the carving is reportedly the largest flat relief sculpture in the world . Looming over a popular public park like a stone-age billboard , it was conceived by Southern Confederate groups a century ago at the birthplace of the modern Ku Klux Klan and remains an icon for white supremacists .
Now , calls to remove what may be the planet 's largest Confederate monument have roiled Georgia 's gubernatorial election and sparked what could be the most complex of the hot-button Rebel memorial fights erupting across the country .
Stacey Abrams , the African American minority leader of the Georgia House of Representatives who is seeking the Democratic nomination for governor , last month declared the carving “ a blight on our state ” and called for its removal . Several Atlanta Democrats and the local NAACP joined them Many Republicans and Southern heritage groups condemned their position as divisive .
“ Instead of dividing Georgians with inflammatory rhetoric for political gain , we should work together to add to our history , not take from it , ” Republican Lt. Gov . Casey Cagle ( R ) , who is also running for governor , said in response to Abrams 's call .
Not every black leader has embraced the move to scrub the three horsemen from Stone Mountain . Former Atlanta mayor and civil rights standout Andrew Young said sandblasting the mountain could amount to a damaging “ re-fight ” of the Civil War . And political observers are not sure how hot the issue will burn in a state that is growing younger and , slowly , more Democratic in recent years .
“ For old-line Georgians , I think this will be a big thing , ” said University of Georgia political science professor Charles Bullock . “ For younger ones , not so big . ”
Whatever the politics , Stone Mountain — where carvers working on the sculpture were known to shelter from storms in the mouth of Lee 's horse — will be different than in cities such as Baltimore and New Orleans , where statues have been recently been spirited from their pedestals at night .
The carved figures , from left , of Rebel leaders Jefferson Davis , Robert E. Lee and Thomas “ Stonewall ” Jackson at Stone Mountain , Ga. ( AP Photo/John Bazemore )
“ This one ca n't be moved , ” said Emory University historian Joe Crespino , who has written extensively about the origin and meaning of Confederate memorials . “ It 's the side of a mountain . You either destroy it or leave it in place . ”
[ The day white Virginia stopped admiring Gen. Robert E. Lee and started worshiping him ]
While activists just want these carved-in-stone elegies to the Confederacy gone , scholars typically call for the statues to be shifted from places of honor to educational settings , with placards and curators telling stories of when and why they were erected . At Stone Mountain , Crespino said they would like to see officials add signage detailing the full history of the art while also scrubbing the park of some of the more changeable tributes , such as the names of Robert E. Lee Boulevard and Jefferson Davis Drive .
Naomi Jones , a frequent picnicker at Stone Mountain , said they have mostly ignored the park 's massive monument to Confederate leaders . Now they want it removed . ( Steve Hendrix/The Washington Post )
Naomi Jones would go further .
On a recent summer Sunday , Jones was at the park to picnic with their grandsons and take a Duck Boat tour of Stone Mountain Lake , one of 4 million annual visitors to the 3,200-acre compound of walking paths and amusement rides . An African American resident of nearby Lawrenceville , Jones holds an annual pass and barely notices the carving on their regular visits .
They call the place “ peaceful . ”
But the recent violence in Charlottesville , where city officials are waging a legal battle to relocate a Lee statue , made them take a second look at the wall looming before their folding chair . They pointed the figures out to their grandsons , ages 11 , 8 and 2 , and explained the history of the war and the emergence of a new white-supremacist movement . They told them about Heather Heyer , the 32-year old woman who died while protesting neo-Nazis in Charlottesville .
“ The 11-year-old said , ‘ If it offends some people why do n't they take it down ? ' ” Jones said . “ I have to say I agree with him . I do n't think adding some signs is going to do much . ”
Before the 1,700-foot-high stone dome was a monument , it was a granite quarry that sent building blocks to structures such as the U.S. Capitol Building and the Panama Canal . In 1915 , Helen Plane , a member of the United Daughters of the Confederacy , pushed for the southern face of Stone Mountain to be sculpted as a monument to white Southern heroes .
It was the same year that the long-defunct Ku Klux Klan announced its modern rebirth by burning a cross on the mountaintop . ( The Thanksgiving-night ceremony borrowed the ritual from the recent blockbuster film “ Birth of a Nation . ” )
[ The Ku Klux Klan was dead . The first Hollywood blockbuster revived it . ]
Stone Mountain was a Ku Klux Klan stronghold for decades . The modern Klan held its first cross-burning ceremony on the mountain in 1915 . Here , the group gathers for a mass initiation ceremony in 1948 . ( AP Photo )
The time was right for an eye-popping project . It was the beginning of both the roadside tourism economy and the revisionist “ Lost Cause ” narrative movement , which sought to minimize preserving slavery and maximize Southern honor and state sovereignty as the reason for war . Plane gained quick support from both business people and Dixie apologists .
The first artist hired was none other than Gutzon Borglum , who would go on to carve four U.S. presidents into South Dakota 's Mount Rushmore . They were only able to whittle a gigantic silhouette of Lee 's head into Stone Mountain before a money dispute chased them from the project in 1925 . Sculptor Henry Augustus Lukeman took over . They scraped away Borglum 's Lee and started fresh on the three-horsemen design before funds ran out in 1928 .
The carving stood untouched for 40 years . A few years after the Supreme Court 's decision in Brown v. Board of Education , Marvin Griffin , Georgia 's newly elected segregationist governor , purchased the mountain for about $ 2 million in state funds , according to New Georgia Encyclopedia . Griffin formed the Stone Mountain Memorial Association to govern the public park with private investments .
Almost immediately , against the backdrop of the massive resistance movement toward dismantling segregation , monument boosters began fundraising . Workers were back on the scaffolding by 1964 , this time using blow torches to chip away at the stone . “ The Confederacy Rides Again — In Granite , ” was the headline of a 1968 story in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . Among those who attending the official dedication in 1970 were Vice President Spiro T. Agnew and some 10,000 visitors .
[ Thurgood Marshall asked an ex-Klan member to help them make Supreme Court history ]
The area remained synonymous for Klan gatherings and white-supremacist activity for several years . But it was the surrounding outdoor amenities and a privately managed amusement park that began to draw the major crowds . There are busy trails , a golf course and a lakeside Marriott resort . A popular laser show plays to pop music each night across the face of the mountain — and the faces of Lee , Jackson and Davis .
Demographic changes in DeKalb County mean that a majority of visitors on any given day are African Americans or immigrants .
“ Most people who come do n't seem to think about it at all , ” said John Bankhead , spokesperson for the Stone Mountain Memorial Association .
Most visitors interviewed recently agreed : Confederate history had n't been on their minds as they rode the gondola or the scenic railroad . But the park has been the site of white-supremacist rallies in recent years . The memorial association denied a KKK group a permit to burn a cross at the park as recently as August , citing public safety concerns .
In 2015 , park officials adopted a plan to add a working “ freedom bell ” above the carving as an homage to the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. and this line from their 1963 “ I Have a Dream ” speech : “ Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia. ” But that effort collapsed under criticism from both sides of the monument debate .
“ I do n't think there 's any way we can win with everybody , ” Bankhead said .
And it 's not just the granite that guards the figures on Stone Mountain .
A portion of a 2001 state law — passed during the furor that stripped the Georgia flag of its Confederate Stars and Bars — explicitly protects the carving from being “ altered , removed , concealed , or obscured in any fashion . . . for all time . ”
Correction : An earlier caption for the photo showing the three Stone Mountain figures identified them in the wrong order . The caption has now been corrected .
Read more Retropolis :
They were the first black man elected to Congress . But white lawmakers refused to seat him .
The day 30,000 white supremacists marched in the nation 's capital
How statues of Robert E. Lee and other Confederates got into the U.S. Capitol
The forced absence of slavery : Letters to a Virginia governor give voice to the faceless , forgotten
A surgeon experimented on slave women without anesthesia . Now their statues are under attack .
Death of ‘ a devil ' : The white supremacist got hit by a car . Their victims celebrated .
The day President Reagan comforted a black family who had a KKK cross burned on its lawn
When Portland banned blacks : Oregon 's shameful history as an ‘ all-white ' state
Most Australians are skeptical : humankind is not main driver of the climate
The IPCC has told us in letters of fire for twenty years that humans are the dominant cause of climate change . But despite the unending propaganda 60 % of Australians are not convinced . This fits with other better designed and much larger surveys by CSIRO showing that 53 % of the population are skeptical , and a UK study which showed that 63 % of British people were skeptical that storms and floods are probably human-made .
The IPSOS polls have been running for years , and are unashamedly pro-IPCC in leaning , but despite that obvious bias , and loaded , ambiguous questions , most Australians do n't agree that it is mainly our fault . The climate is changing but it is mainly or partly natural . IPSOS gloss over that , but if humans are responsible for less than half of “ climate change ” that makes Direct Action twice as useless . If natural forces caused more of the recent warming , that also reduces the scary projections .
The IPSOS Climate Change Report 2015 ( Online poll , 1,063 people )
Q3 : Which best describes your opinion about the causes of climate change ?
Like nearly all polls , this one suffers from using the loaded and confounded term “ climate change ” . To the person filling out the form it could mean either “ man-made global warming ” or “ the climate… changes “ . What were those survey designers and journalists thinking ? Not about accurate English , that 's for sure .
Three percent say “ there is no such thing as climate change ” . But given the abuse of the term and double meaning , it could be just a protest at being asked a silly question . Are there ice-ages ? Has the worlds climate been stable for 4.5 billion years ?
Meaningless and loaded questions
Question 8 : Who should be mainly responsible for action on climate change ?
Is that the government , businesses , or Mr Sun ? Seriously , for the 60 % of respondents who do n't think humans are the main driving cause of climate change , how do they answer these questions ? I think the state government should hold back the tides , the NGO 's can deal with cosmic rays , and the local council can fix the magnetic field , right ?
Question 7 : “ In how many years , if at all , do you think climate change will cause the following in Australia ” . The list of coming disasters was fire and brimstone 101 . IPSOS were not just wondering when the reef will get damaged , but looking for the “ Destruction of the Great Barrier Reef. ” Then there was the extinction of plants and animals with a little symbol of a Koala head socked in the eyes .
Most of the population said that climate change is mainly or partly natural . But if we substitute the word natural in front of climate change it all gets inane . How many years will it take for natural climate change to destroy the Barrier Reef ? ANS : It has n't done it yet in the last 20,000 years , why should 2050 be any different ?
Let 's guess what the survey designers were thinking when they wrote this ? 1/ Al Gore is right and these disasters are coming . or 2/ We need the best guess long range forecasts from the punters about what the natural climate is going to do this century : droughts , floods , fire and extinctions . What do they reckon ?
Push polling anyone ?
Question 7 is just a measure of the success of propaganda . ( See the results below ) . When will the “ decline in farming production ” occur ? 51 % think that 's already happening . But what is happening ( scientifically at least ) is “ an increase in farming production “ , and a “ greening of the deserts “ , which are recorded in hundreds of publications , but not an option for respondents . The future on offer are all modeled projections , or events that have been occurring since time began .
Most of the results and conclusions depend on selective use of two different definitions of “ climate change ” . The results of question 4 invalidate the rest of the survey where “ climate change ” is taken to mean human-made climate change .
When 62 % of respondents say that climate change is already causing droughts , how many of those think it 's just natural climate change causing the drought ?
Click here to Download the Ipsos Climate Change Report
Yes , it is only an online poll .
See posts like : Plants suck half the CO2 out of the air around them before lunchtime each day and Wetlands like CO2 — “ Gim me 700ppm ” say sedge-grass .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ... Rating : 9.5/10 ( 84 votes cast )
It 's that time of year again , folks . Super Bowl XLVIII is just around the corner and tensions are running high among football fans everywhere . The Seattle Seahawks are set to take on the Denver Broncos this Sunday , but only one team can be crowned the NFL champion . So we we decided to do a little research see which team has the longest rap sheet . We 're talking arrests , suspensions , and just bad behavior in general . Keep reading to see what kind of dirt we were able to dig up !
Seattle Seahawks Rap Sheet
1 . Spencer Ware
Spencer Ware became one the newest additions to the Seahawks roster after being chosen in the 6th round of the 2013 NFL draft . Unfortunately , Ware is also the most recent player to get busted . Just a couple weeks ago , on January 12th , the 22-year-old rookie was arrested for DUI , and they were taken to King County Jail for booking around 2 a.m . According to reports , Ware was released a few hours later after they posted their $ 1,000 bail .
2 . Marshawn Lynch
Seahawks running back , Marshawn Lynch , has had multiple run ins with the law , and the first two occurred during their time with the Buffalo Bills . In 2008 , Lynch struck a pedestrian in downtown Buffalo and left the scene , but claimed that they did n't know he 'd hit anyone . They later pleaded guilty to the hit-and-run charge , but did not face criminal charges because the victim did not sustain any serious injuries . Lynch was required to pay a $ 100 fine in addition to having their license revoked for an unspecified amount of time .
In 2009 , Lynch was arrested in California after they were caught in possession of a concealed firearm . They pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor weapons charge , and was suspended for the first three games of the 2009 regular season .
Lynch joined the Seahawks in 2010 , and just a couple years later , they were arrested yet again . On July 14 , 2012 , Lynch was busted for DUI in Oakland . They took two breathalyzer tests ; the first registered a .08 while the second test showed a .10 . Due to discrepancies with the results , Lynch and their attorneys are planning to take the case to trial after this year 's Super Bowl .
3 . Bruce Irvin
In the past three years , several Seahawks players have made headlines for violating the NFL 's strict anti-doping policy . One of them is defensive end , Bruce Irvin , who tested positive for performance-enhancing substances in 2013 . As a result , Irvin was suspended for the first four games of the 2013 season .
4 . Brandon Browner
In 2012 , cornerback Brandon Browner was suspended for four games after violating the NFL 's performance-enhancing drug policy . Then , in December of 2013 , Browner violated the policy once again and was suspended indefinitely . With indefinite suspensions , the rules state that a player may apply for reinstatement after one year . Browner and their agent are currently appealing the suspension .
5 . Walter Thurmond
Cornerback Walter Thurmond regained active status on the Seahawks roster in December of 2013 . They were MIA for several weeks due to a four game suspension that they received after violating the NFL 's substance abuse policy .
6 . Richard Sherman
Whether you 're a Seahawks fan or not , surely you 've become well-acquainted with Richard Sherman because , well , their name is everywhere right now . The star cornerback became the subject of a nationwide media frenzy after their outspoken post-game interview last Sunday . Fortunately , we 're not here to nitpick Sherman 's rant , because the football player made our list for a completely different reason .
Back in June of 2013 , reports surfaced that Sherman would be suspended after testing positive for Adderall , an amphetamine-based psychostimulant used to treat ADHD . However , Sherman appealed the ruling claiming that there were errors in how their urine sample was handled . Their suspension was overturned , but many fans remain skeptical .
Denver Broncos Rap Sheet
1 . Von Miller
Broncos linebacker , Von Miller , should probably just hire a chauffeur because the majority of their legal troubles have been driving-related . In 2012 , Miller was cited for careless driving , driving without a valid license , and having no proof of insurance . They were scheduled to appear in court later that month , but they never showed up and a warrant was issued for their arrest in Colorado .
Then , in August , Miller tried to make a purchase at a Colorado gun store , but their warrant came up during a routine background check and they were arrested at the store . In September , Miller was cited again for speeding , and when their October court date rolled around , they showed up almost two hours late . But wait ; there 's more . In addition to their legal woes , Miller was also busted for violating the NFL drug policy prior to the 2013 season , and as a result they were suspended for the first six games . Yikes !
2 . Matt Prater
Back in 2011 Broncos kicker , Matt Prater , also found themselves in trouble with the law . The incident occurred during the wee hours of August 2nd in Greenwood Village when police responded to a hit-and-run call . Witnesses said the perp was driving a Chevy Trailblazer when they drunkenly ran into a parked car and then fled the scene . After investigating the case and speaking to additional witnesses , officials pegged Matt Prater as the driver and they were arrested . They were taken into custody and later released to Bronco 's Chief of Security , David Abrams .
3 . Julius Thomas
Broncos tight end , Julius Thomas , was pulled over for speeding on the morning of August 28 , 2013 . As part of standard protocol , the officer checked to see if Thomas had any outstanding warrants , and it turned out that they did . The warrant was issued after Thomas failed to appear in court for a prior traffic citation they received in January . As a result , they were arrested and taken into custody with their bail set at $ 500 .
4 . Knowshon Moreno
Broncos running back , Knownshon Moreno , was pulled over on February 1 , 2012 after they were caught speeding through a construction zone at 70 mph . They were driving a Bentley convertible with a personalized license plate that read , “ SAUCED , ” which turned out to be pretty accurate . Moreno smelled like booze , so the officer asked them to perform a field sobriety test , which they failed . They were then given a breathalyzer test , which they also failed , and was subsequently arrested for DUI .
5 . Shaun Phillips
Shaun Phillips may be a Bronco now , but their legal problems took place back when they were playing for the San Diego Chargers . In 2006 , Phillips was arrested after being involved in a fight with a San Diego police officer . Lucky for him , they were not charged in the incident . Then , in 2009 , Phillips punched a security guard in the face at San Diego 's Ivy Hotel . Although they are n't arrested , they were cited for misdemeanor battery .
6 . John Moffitt
John Moffitt has played for both the Seahawks and the Broncos , so they could technically be on either team 's list of players with bad behavior . However , since they began the 2013-2014 on the Broncos roster , we 'll just leave them right here with the rest of the Denver players .
Back in January of 2012 , Moffitt was banned from a mall in Bellevue , Washington , but despite their banned status , they visited the mall in June and was caught urinating in public . This strange incident led to their arrest , and they later pleaded no contest to disorderly conduct . In November of 2013 , while the Broncos were making their way to the Super Bowl , Moffitt abruptly decided to retire from the NFL claiming that they were unhappy , and that they no longer wanted to risk their health for money . Way to take a stand ?
Bonus Round—Two Broncos Execs Busted For DUI
8 . Tom Heckert , 9 . Matt Russell
We definitely did n't expect this , but in Denver , it 's not just the players who find themselves in trouble with the law . In fact , two Broncos executives were arrested for DUI prior to the start of the 2013-2014 season . Director of Pro Personnel , Tom Heckert ( above left ) , was arrested in June after they were caught driving with a blood alcohol concentration of .162 . As a result , they were suspended for one month .
Matt Russell , the Broncos ' Director of Player Personnel ( above right ) was also busted for drunk driving . Russell was arrested on July 6th after crashing their SUV into a police car in Breckenridge , CO. Reports show that their blood alcohol concentration registered at a whopping .246 , which is more than triple the legal limit ! Russell 's arrest got them suspended for 60 days , and they did not rejoin the Broncos ' camp until September .
What 's The Verdict ?
Well folks , the numbers do n't lie , and it looks like the Denver Broncos take the cake when it comes to bad ( and illegal ) behavior . The Seahawks may have more NFL drug policy violations , but the Broncos have far more arrests under their belt . Not to mention the fact that two members of the Broncos staff also made our list .
So , now that all of their legal troubles have been exposed , the only question is who 's going to win the big game ? Let us know what YOU think !
DISCLAIMER : It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit , employment , insurance , tenant screening , or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act , 15 USC 1681 et seq . Instant Checkmate does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency . The information available on our website may not be 100 % accurate , complete , or up to date , so do not use this information as a substitute for your own due diligence , especially if you have concerns about a person 's criminal history . Instant Checkmate does not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy of the information available through our website or about the character or integrity of the person about whom you inquire . For more information , please review Instant Checkmate Terms of Use .
The Nike SB Dunk Low Premium Hemp is looking to celebrate 4/20 and they 're getting dressed for the occasion . Nike SB wraps the entire sneaker 's upper in a hemp construction done up in a textured beige colorway . Offsetting the tonal upper are the black and dark grey hits placed on the laces , tongue , lining , heel tab , outsole and Nike Swoosh . A little bit of woven detailing is placed on the ankle collar of the shoe , while the green and orange hits on the tongue and heel branding of the shoe add some nice pop to the shoe . No confirmed release date yet , but early rumors are saying that the shoe will drop on 4/20 . Figures .
via : ZUPPORT
Author 's Take
Not a fan of the SB Dunk Low . Construction is clean but I would n't buy it on this model .
Sneakers In 4K : Air Jordan 4 Dunk From Above
Available Now on Kixify & eBay
My favorite baseball team is the Cincinnati Reds . Of their storied history , my favorite club was the 1990 World Series championship team , skippered by Lou Pinella and anchored on the field by a tandem of pitchers who will be forever known as the “ Nasty Boys , ” a top-notch starting rotation , a Hall-of-Fame shortstop , a fan favorite centerfielder , and a gritty group across the infield and outfield .
They went “ wire-to-wire ” that season , starting in first place in April and never looking back . A four-game sweep of the titan and heavily favored Oakland Athletics in the World Series endeared the club in the hearts and minds of Reds ' fans that -now 24 years after – is as strong as ever .
For a 13-year-old baseball fan who had only heard stories about the legendary Big Red Machine and had endured some rough seasons throughout the 1980s , this Reds club was something to be proud of .
I began collecting Reds baseball cards in the mid-1980s when card collecting reached a nadir for many young fans . I began sending some of these cards to my favorite players asking for a signature . Sometimes , I got lucky . Other times , I struck out .
The autograph collection presented on this simple WordPress site is the result of several years of collecting that began way back in the mid-1980s and ramped up this past summer 2013 .
Please do n't think it 's taken nearly 30 years to assemble the set . It has n't . This past summer , I thought about ways to commemorate my favorite club and decided to fill in the holes of my 1990 Reds autograph collection .
All told I had about 15 player signatures as I started the project in June 2013 . It was my goal then to collect the remaining players . Not just the stars . I wanted to collect them all : the opening day starting nine , key bench guys , relievers , “ cup-of-coffee ” guys , guys who were traded away mid-season , coaches — even television and radio broadcasters . 50 people all together .
I knew it would be a tough task . Some of these players refuse to sign these days . Some live outside of the country and are very difficult to track down . Others sadly are deceased .
To build the collection , I consulted a few address pages and sent card requests through the mail . Those I could not track down through the mail , I purchased through ebay auctions . Of the ebay purchases , I researched the signatures painstakingly to ensure the signatures were authentic . Comments on these signatures are welcome .
With the purchase of one very difficult signature to obtain , I finished the collection on February 17 , 2014 . It gives me pleasure to see all of the signatures side-by-side and to think about what this team means to me and fellow Reds die-hards who remember Joe Oliver 's consistent doubles off the wall in old Riverfront Stadium , who remember Billy Bates ' winning Game 2 of the World Series , and who will never forget the magic of that season .
Please scroll through the quick series of posts below to see the collection . Thanks !
35.960638 -83.920739
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The rebels are advancing on multiple fronts towards the Libyan capital Tripoli
After weeks of military stalemate things do now seem to be moving on the ground in Libya .
Nato claims that anti-Gaddafi forces are `` assuming control of the key approaches to Tripoli '' . The Alliance 's military spokesperson on Tuesday argued that these advances represent the rebels ' `` most significant territorial gains for months '' .
The fighting is now some 40km to 60km ( 25 to 37 miles ) from the Libyan capital .
To the west , forces loyal to the rebels ' National Transitional Council ( NTC ) have advanced on Sorman and Zawiya , two towns on the coastal road leading west from Tripoli towards the Tunisian border .
A little to the south of Tripoli rebel troops are reported to have entered Gharyan .
These advances are of crucial strategic significance . Zawiya is the location of Col Muammar Gaddafi 's regime 's only functioning oil refinery .
But the good coastal road is also an important route for smuggled fuel coming from Tunisia . In addition to the coastal route , a second supply line runs south through Gharyan and then west to Tunisia .
So if Sorman , Zawiya and Gharyan can be held by Col Gaddafi 's opponents then the regime 's two vital supply routes to Tunisia will have been cut .
The lessons from the collapse of the Iraqi regime are still in everyone 's minds
Pressure builds
A word of caution , though , is in order . The fighting is far from over . Many of the on-the-ground reports are sketchy .
And up to now the rebel fighters have often shown little military momentum , their advances evaporating almost as quickly as they are made .
But there are grounds for thinking things are changing . For a start pro-Gaddafi forces are under greater pressure on all fronts .
Nato says that Col Gaddafi 's troops have been pushed well back from Misrata to the east of Tripoli . There is also reportedly fighting on the outskirts of Brega , between Tripoli and Benghazi .
Nato , of course , has every reason to paint a positive picture of the rebels ' gains .
Nonetheless , it is likely that the cumulative impact of the alliance 's air power is finally being felt . Recent air attacks have concentrated on command and control sites and areas from which pro-Gaddafi forces have been staging their attacks .
This , with the constant daily attrition of heavy equipment , seems to have significantly tilted the balance .
Civilian test
However the rebels ' success raises all sorts of new questions .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Questions are now being raised about what a post-conflict Libya will look like
If their gains can be consolidated , is this conflict reaching its end game ? And if so , how will it end ? Will rebel forces move on Tripoli itself or will some kind of deal be done ?
Nato governments have been working closely with the NTC on a plan for the immediate aftermath of the conflict .
The lessons from the collapse of the Iraqi regime are still in everyone 's minds . They do not want to see the chaos of a power vacuum , revenge killings , looting and so on .
Indeed , the final stages of this conflict pose particular problems for Nato whose formal mandate , remember , remains the defence of Libya 's civilian population .
Critics have argued that this is largely a fiction . Nato has waded in on one side in a civil war , they say , and its air operations have effectively served to tilt the balance of power away from Col Gaddafi towards their opponents .
Nato 's intervention began with the immediate goal of protecting the people of Benghazi from advancing government forces .
The war could end with Nato having to ensure the safety of civilians in Tripoli as a new regime advances on the city .
This is going to be the real test of the understandings made between Western governments and the rebels and of the trust invested in the NTC by key Western governments like those in Britain and France .
Choosing more secure passwords will help keep your identity safe on the internet . This article and the companion video will show you how to create secure , easy-to-remember passwords .
Step 1 : Choose a phrase
You can create a more secure password by starting with a simple phrase . For example , let 's use a quote from Ogden Nash : `` Happiness is having a scratch for every itch . ''
If we use the first letter of each word , and substitute 4 for `` for '' , we get :
Hihas4ei
Step 2 : Add special characters
This is a reasonably strong password but we can improve it a bit by adding some special characters :
# Hihas4ei :
Step 3 : Associate it with a website
We can use our new password on several different websites by adding a prefix or suffix with a mnemonic link to a particular site . Let 's use the first letter and the next two consonants in the site name .
Just to add a bit more randomness we 'll alternate upper-case and lower case , and if the first character in the site name is a vowel we 'll start with upper-case . To mix things up a bit more we 'll use the same rule to decide whether to add the site mnemonic to the left side or the right side .
# Hihas4ei : AmZ for Amazon
fCb # Hihas4ei : for Facebook
# Hihas4ei : YtB for YouTube
dRm # Hihas4ei : for Drumbeat
This is just one possible rule for picking the prefix or suffix that you use to customize your password for each web site . Reversing the order of the letters in the suffix , using only vowels , only consonants , or adding some other characters that come to mind when you think about the web site are all possible approaches that will improve security .
While this technique lets us reuse the phrase-generated part of the password on a number of different websites , it would still be a bad idea to use it on a site like a bank account which contains high-value information . Sites like that deserve their own password selection phrase .
Try It Yourself !
Take a moment to think of a phrase that 's meaningful to you . Use that phrase to create a secure password that you can customize for each website you visit .
Mozilla offers this guide as a public service . No approach to security can guarantee 100 % security , and nothing in this publication is meant to provide any warranty or guarantee of the security of your passwords .
Some websites may not allow the use of some or all special characters . Please be aware of what special characters are allowed to be used .
npower 's billing issues affected over 500,000 customers between September 2013 & December 2014 .
npower failed to handle complaints effectively within a reasonable timeframe .
Since Ofgem 's intervention , npower 's performance has improved , but it must continue to demonstrate improvements to its customers .
First investigation to be concluded under Ofgem 's principles-based domestic Standards of Conduct requiring suppliers to treat customers fairly .
Ofgem is requiring npower to pay £26m as a consumer redress package , following the supplier 's billing and complaint handling failings . The money will be divided between some of the worst affected customers and charity . Ofgem has also agreed targets with npower for it to further improve its billing and complaints handling . If npower fails to meet these targets , it will stop proactive domestic sales activity and advertising until all are met .
Many of npower 's problems surfaced after they introduced a new IT system in 2011 . Between September 2013 and December 2014 , npower issued over 500,000 late bills . Some affected customers also received inaccurate bills with little or no detail on how these were calculated . During this period , npower customers made over 2m complaints with the majority about late or inaccurate bills . npower often failed to resolve these issues promptly , pursued debts which were in dispute and failed to keep its own commitments to customers on billing . This caused significant distress and worry for many .
npower also failed to deal with complaints effectively because of failures with its IT system . For several years , npower has recorded a significant number of complaints incorrectly , leading to unresolved complaints being logged as resolved and multiple records created for one issue . This created follow-up problems for customers . The supplier did not refer all customers to its complaint handling procedures and in some cases , failed to advise them that they could take their complaint to the Energy Ombudsman if unresolved after eight weeks .
Customers do not need to do anything as npower will contact those who have been worst affected .
Dermot Nolan , Ofgem chief executive said : “ npower failed its customers . Not only have its billing and complaint handling procedures been chaotic , it treated many of its customers poorly , which is completely unacceptable . npower 's management failed to act quickly enough to protect its customers when things went wrong with changes to its IT system .
“ It 's important that all suppliers ensure they follow the principles of treating customers fairly at all times . The payment of £26m sends a strong message to the industry that we expect them to act quickly and effectively to ensure a good customer experience . ”
Notes to editors
1 . Investigation
Investigation into npower 's compliance with Standards of Conduct
2 . Targets and redress
npower 's targets include :
reducing the number of late invoices over six months old from c46,000 to 15,000
reducing the number of complaints over 56 days old from c9000 to 4,500
reducing inflow of new Ombudsman cases from c1000 per month to 600 per month
Identifying and repaying all potential customers who may have been back-billed incorrectly from July 2010 to date
If it fails to meet any of the agreed improvement targets by June 2016 then it will stop domestic sales activity and advertising .
3 . Background
npower acknowledged to Ofgem in 2013 that it was having problems with its billing system . In December 2013 , it agreed a recovery plan with Ofgem that included monthly monitoring of its progress . It also made a goodwill gesture of £1m to vulnerable customers .
Although npower made some progress , Ofgem was concerned that it had not yet resolved billing and complaints problems to the degree that the regulator expected to see .
In June 2014 , Ofgem required further action from npower by requiring it to resolve major billing issues no later than the end of August 2014 and publish monthly progress updates on its website . If it failed to meet monthly targets , it would have had to stop all proactive telesales to new customers until the targets were met . npower met those targets . Ofgem also launched the parallel investigation into npower 's customer service failings , which we are concluding today .
In July 2015 , Ofgem secured free energy for npower customers with late resolution of Ombudsman decisions .
The investigation is the first case to be opened under Ofgem 's principles-based domestic Standards of Conduct . They require suppliers to treat their customers fairly . They cover supplier behaviour towards customers ; the information that suppliers provide to customers ; and the effectiveness of suppliers ' customer service arrangements .
npower 's compliance with the various specific requirements of the Gas and Electricity Consumer Complaints Handling Standards Regulations 2008 was also investigated as well as the requirement to take all reasonable steps to send final bills within 6 weeks , under standard licence conditions ( SLC 27 ) .
About Ofgem
Ofgem is the independent energy regulator for Great Britain . Its priority is to make a positive difference for consumers by promoting competition in the energy markets and regulating networks .
Follow us on Twitter @ ofgem and LinkedIn
Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks live on television after casting their ballot in the Iranian presidential election in Tehran June 12 , 2009 . REUTERS/Caren Firouz/File Photo
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Wednesday that Iran needs to boost its offensive military capabilities .
“ In order to secure our population , our country and our future we have to increase our offensive capabilities as well as our defensive capabilities , ” they said at a military expo in Tehran where a number of top military officials gathered , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) .
The Shi'ite leader spoke a week after a U.S. Navy ship fired warning shots toward an Iranian fast-attack craft that had approached two U.S. ships , according to a Pentagon spokesperson .
The Pentagon also said that Iranian vessels had harassed a U.S. warship near the Strait of Hormuz , a vital oil and gas shipping channel , early last week .
For its part , the Iranian military accused the United States of sending a drone into its airspace on Monday , according to the Tasnim news agency . It said the drone left Iranian airspace after a warning .
President Hassan Rouhani , a pragmatist , has presided over a limited thaw in Iran 's relations with the West , with a 2015 nuclear deal with six world powers their most notable achievement . But Iran 's military and security services that answer to the hardline Khamenei continues to see Western states as adversaries .
Khamenei also said that expanding defensive capabilities was necessary “ so that oppressive powers feel threatened ” , an allusion to the United States and key European allies .
At the expo , held to highlight the Islamic Republic 's defense industry , there were displays and presentations of Iranian-made missiles and drones as well as the Bavar 373 missile defense system , according to IRNA .
Chelsea are considering making a final improved offer for Bayer Leverkusen 's Germany international André Schürrle ahead of the closure of the transfer window on Friday night in a move that , if successful , would take their summer outlay on new players close to £100m . The European champions have been lavish spenders in the market having already revamped their forward line with the additions of Eden Hazard ( £32m ) , Oscar ( £20m ) , Marko Marin ( £7m ) and Victor Moses ( £9m ) . The Spanish right-back Cesar Azpilicueta has also signed from Marseille for around £7m and , while that heavy recruitment has caught the eye , Roberto di Matteo has made no secret of the lack of central striker options should Fernando Torres suffer an injury at Stamford Bridge .
The likes of Edinson Cavani , Radamel Falcao and Hulk had all been considered only for their respective clubs to resist Chelsea 's interest . Leverkusen have maintained Schürrle , too , is not available and have already rejected the London club 's initial £16m bid for their services . Yet , at 21 , the versatile striker – who more normally operates wide but also potentially through the centre – fits Chelsea 's criteria as they plan for the long-term to leave the Premier League club considering submitting a further bid before Friday 's cut-off . Should that , too , be rejected they would aim to return when the market reopens .
Chelsea 's European Cup winning forward , Didier Drogba , visited Cobham on Tuesday while uncertainty surrounds their position at their new side , Shanghai Shenhua . The Chinese Premier League club 's major shareholder and chairperson , Zhu Jun , is seeking greater control having pumped more than £60m into Shenhua in the last five-and-a-half years . If that control is not forthcoming , they are now threatening to contribute only 28.5 % - matching their stake in the club – of the running costs , including players ' salaries . Both Drogba and Nicolas Anelka earn close to £250,000-a-week in Shanghai .
Regardless , the Ivorian could yet return to Cobham to train with their former Chelsea team-mates in November once the Chinese domestic season ends . There are six league games still to be played , the final round of matches due on 3 November , with Drogba – whose family are still based in Surrey – likely to seek to maintain their fitness ahead of their involvement with the Ivory Coast at the African Cup of Nations in the new year .
Here at Flavorpill , we ca n't really get enough of gazing lovingly at photographs of books . We know it 's what 's inside that counts , but one simple fact just ca n't be avoided : books are beautiful , and they sure do warm up a room — or , in some cases , an entire building . Plus , at the risk of being totally sentimental , we think that the best books are often the most beautiful : even if their spines are shabby , to exude a kind of well-loved glow , beautiful from the inside out . We 've taken a look at gorgeous bookstores and amazing college libraries , so we thought it was time to bring you a little inspiration for the home library — though we admit , not too many of these designs would fit in our own NYC apartments . Click through to check out our collection of beautiful private and personal libraries from all over the world , and let us know if you think your own collection should be on this list in the comments !
American entrepreneur Jay Walker 's private library — so important ( and massive ) that their house was designed and built around it . [ via ]
In ‘ What Is Morality ? The Ethics of Hazlitt ' ( 1 June 2012 ) , David Gordon says ( 34m15s to 37m15s ) :
“ Suppose , you see an opportunity to steal . Let 's say , you 're in a store and you see the cash register is open and the store owner has just gone to the back , and you can just take the money out .. You have good reasons to think they wo n't be able to catch you . So you might say : ‘ Well , is n't this in your immediate interest that you 'd be able to get all this money ? .. and nobody 's going to catch you . '
But for Hazlitt , it is n't into your long run interest , because in order for the market .. social cooperation to function , people really have to follow these rules on a fixed basis . They have to have these rules internalized , taught to us , so that we do n't violate them , whenever we think we could get away with it . If we did that then social cooperation would break down .
So it 's in everybody 's interest that we always follow these fixed rules , even though you might think that maybe there are some cases we can get away with it . It is n't in our interest to just calculate in each case whether you can get away with breaking the rules . What 's in our long-run interest is that we always follow the rules .
Now you might say : ‘ Well , are n't there occasions .. exceptions like famous cases that Kant discusses ? ' There 's a murderer knocking on the door and they ask if a certain person he 's trying to murder is in the house , so do you have to answer yes if the person is there ; do you have to tell the truth to a murderer ? Most people say ‘ No , you do n't ' . It is an exception to the rule that you 're not supposed to lie . … So you might say : ‘ Well , are n't there some kind of exceptions to these rules ? ' But Hazlitt says : maybe there are , but these too can be specified as rules . ”
I understand Gordon 's take to mean the following :
Overall , the existence of social cooperation serves our individual interests ; it is a means to our ends . However , if analyzed in individual scenarios , we would ( with regularity ) come up with a different answer , as to whether we anticipate social cooperation to serve our ends . And so , the rational anticipation of means versus ends at the individual level leads to ( some or total ) disintegration of society , even if these individuals are convinced of Austrian economics . To resolve this , we must act to raise the valuation of social cooperation from a means to an end in itself , in ourselves and in others .
Hans Hoppe and Stefan Molyneux have argued the same point ( see here and here ) : that Austrian egoism leads away from social cooperation .
I 'd like to offer a more precise analysis :
If one is convinced of Austrian economics ( and prefers health to sickness , abundance to poverty , etc , over the medium to long run ) , then it is always perceived to be preferential that other people interact through the division of labor and private property . One exception could be for a partner in crime . It is this question of crime for oneself that I now first wish to discuss .
In a market society , where most people are in favor of social cooperation for others , this culminates in an environment where each individual is highly incentivized to act peacefully .
Not only are individuals incentivized to refrain from crime , but they stand to gain from acting in those ways ( and give off signals ) that show social behavior .
Returning to the cash register hypothetical , we are looking at a person with a reputation , that was built up through many years . This person most likely also has a career and prospects for the future . If they do not have an income through production and trade , then they may be relying on friends and family or other institutions who are investing in him . And after this event they have many thousands of purchases ( trades ) they wish to make in the future . If they were to take an amount of money , all of this would be put in jeopardy . How much money gained now , that one may or may not get away with stealing , is it worth risking ruining one 's entire future ?
Another element in this scenario is that the more money is taken , the higher the risk of being found out . This is because a big amount missing may be spot upon the owner returning , and they can run outside to ask other people about who was in their store . This further lowers the potential gain by stealing .
Gordon stated in their hypothetical that the person knew they would n't be found out , but is that how reality works ? How do you know there is no hidden camera ? How do you know when the owner returns ? How do you know nobody else will walk in ? How do you know nobody will recognize you as you walk out ? We do not know the future , and have to constantly speculate on it .
People in society are also aware of the possibility of being harmed , and they take action on it if they perceive it 's a real risk . This is one of the functions of the immediate social group of friends and family , which are held intact if those relationships are perceived to be beneficial . People do n't just lend money to strangers , and they do n't tend to leave cash registers open and unmonitored for long amounts of time .
Another aspect is psychic loss and gain : if I am able to thrive peacefully in society , do I really want to gain at the expense of another ? And if I get away with it initially , I will have to worry about being found out for a long time . Instead , if I inform the store owner that their cash register was mistakenly left open , I may make a friend .
To conclude : I do n't think that society will break down from economically enlightened individuals thinking through the situations they are in , and how it affects their ends ( in either a small society or a complex one ) . In fact , I think quite the opposite .
In regards to partners in crime : the previous analysis applies to an individual considering crime as well as a group considering crime .
The Secrets of Disengagement : 7 Easy Ways to Get Your Team to Hate Their Jobs
Aventr Blocked Unblock Follow May 5 , 2017
If you are attempting to covertly sabotage your department by demoralizing and disengaging as much of your staff as possible , these 7 surefire methods will show you how .
These tactics are used by leadership in both small businesses and large corporations alike , with very predictable results . Even better , you might be practicing at least one of these methods already — so you could be much closer to total dysfunction than you thought .
1 . Make Rules without Reasons
Since reasonable employees will expect to see several guidelines in place for the purposes of maintaining a healthy and productive company culture , just having rules is not enough to disengage your workforce .
Be sure to create some rules that are based on either your own arbitrary preferences , isolated incidents ( that are unlikely to get repeated anyway ) , or just good old-fashioned paranoia .
Most importantly , see to it that you never provide an explanation for these new policies and refuse to provide one should anyone ask . Just tell them that you 're the boss and that should be reason enough , or that this is the way they did things at your last company .
You 'll be amazed at how quickly this works to reduce morale and overall engagement . For an added punch , preface your new rules with the words , “ Effective Immediately. ” This should get most people off board . As an easy way to remember this tip , consider the equation R — R = R .
Rules minus Reason equals Rebellion .
2 . Micromanage
Since employees thrive on the perceptions of trust and empowerment , the last thing you 'll want to do if you are trying to sabotage your company is to encourage your team to think of any innovations , or give them freedom with how they complete their projects .
If you truly want to dis-empower them , you must check in with them obsessively to make sure every step of the assignment is done exactly the way you would do it .
Otherwise , they might believe that you trust them with making some decisions , and they even may feel a sense of satisfaction upon completion of the project . In order to successfully take down your team you can not let these things happen .
3 . Let Them Think They Do n't Matter
Many team members take pride in the idea that they are carrying out a key company function and are valued by their leaders .
This is bound to fill them with a sense of purpose and keep them engaged in their work . You must destroy this notion by letting them know how replaceable they are .
Be sure to avoid giving them any positive feedback on the things they do right , but do n't hesitate to bring forth , in painstaking detail the things that they do wrong . As an added bonus , bring their shortcomings to their attention in front of their peers , as opposed to having a one-on-one conversation with them in a private setting .
4 . Refuse to Hear New Ideas
The more democratized the company culture , the happier the workplace .
Allowing an employee to think they have a good idea — or could potentially make a difference in the workplace — sends the message that the company is looking to improve , and thinks that employees may be talented individuals with worthwhile suggestions . You will never be able to destroy the workplace as long as you let that happen ! This is what you need to do : Every time a novel idea is brought to your attention , just do n't listen to it .
Before your subordinate is even through talking , cut them off with one of the following lines which have been scientifically proven to slow , and even stop the creativity process :
The only problem with that is…
We ca n't do that because…
We tried that before and it does n't work .
Do this a few times to each team member and we assure you that your employees will stop coming to you with all of those annoying ideas and not be so engaged in their work .
5 . Require Flexibility without Giving Flexibility
You may often need your team to work longer hours , or even come in an extra day or two during their time off in order to achieve company goals or meet certain deadlines .
Of course , most employees are willing to do this without much resistance when flexibility is perceived to be a two way street . Therefore , in order to prevent employees from staying extra hours willingly , you need to come up with an effective strategy that causes them to do this begrudgingly , further lowering the morale of the department .
This is most easily accomplished by nitpicking non-consequential , occasional tardiness , providing a guilt trip in exchange for each PTO request — even if that employee rarely uses PTO — and demonstrating a consistent lack of flexibility on your part .
6 . Believe That Good Employees Are Good Mind Readers
When your team members are given a clear sense of direction concerning your expectations of them , and have unfettered access to the necessary resources to perform their jobs , you will likely end up with contented , engaged employees .
This is a huge problem if you 're trying to create a negative company culture and obliterate your department 's productivity .
To accomplish these things you will need to adopt a “ they should just know ” mindset . Simply pretend that your staff were born knowing your expectations of them so that you can justify not voicing your concerns to them . Avoid any uncomfortable confrontation , and just sit back and silently hope that they will figure out on their own why you are upset .
Resist any urges to be transparent , and if you absolutely must address anything , make sure it is done in a passive-aggressive manner and not in a way that would effectively communicate your desires .
7 . Expect 110 % , 110 % of the Time
Accepting the fact that your employees are human , and that even the healthiest people cycle through an array of energy and motivational levels could give your subordinates the impression that you have realistic expectations of them .
That may cause them to respect you and the company , and in turn encourage them to do their best for you at any given time . Having unrealistic expectations is the only way to ward off any remaining vestiges of engagement and job satisfaction . You do n't want to be the boss that is tough , but fair . You want to be the boss that is tough . Period .
Learn more about Happster — our workplace happiness app designed to supercharge employee happiness and workplace engagement across your organization or team .
I enjoy linear decks . Having a straightforward , consistent game plan is incredibly important in Modern . Green Machine has one redundant game plan : get 'em dead with big green guys . The deck can be built on a budget and compete with Tier One lists , making it a great way to enter the format . Green Machine 's core is hard-to-deal-with creatures that can keep constant pressure on your opponent . With utility cards such as Rancor , Dismember , and Vines of Vastwood you can break up Splinter Twin combos , punch damage through Lingering Souls tokens , or protect your creatures .
The Current Decklist :
Card Choices
Dungrove Elder holds a special place in my heart as a card I played with when I first got back into FNM with a green “ Fight Club ” deck . Dungrove Elder now has a home in Modern . It is incredibly hard to deal with and its power and toughness will typically outclass your opponents ' creatures . Pair this big fellow with a couple of other hard-to-remove creatures and you have a resilient group of beaters .
Strangleroot Geist is a fantastic creature . First , when played on turn two it will evolve your turn one Experiment One and allow you to punch for 4 . Second , it will nearly always need to be killed twice , allowing you to two-for- one your opponent . Unlike Kitchen Finks , when Geist dies it comes back bigger , increasing its threat level . For this reason , there are rare moments where dismembering your own Geist can be beneficial . For example , if your Tron opponent attacks with Wurmcoil Engine , we can block and Dismember before damage . They do n't get to gain 6 life , and we get a nasty 3/2 and maybe even an Evolve trigger on an Experiment One .
Leatherback Baloth is essentially our Tarmogoyf , as it will always be a 4/5 . It is another creature that does not die to Bolt . The general theme of most of our creatures is that they dodge premier removal spells in modern .
The elves are in the deck to cast Leatherback Baloth or Collected Company a turn earlier or carry a Rancor in a pinch . You may wonder why we 're playing 4 Arbor Elves over Noble Hierarchs , more Elvish Mystics , or Birds of Paradise . The answer is simple . Since Arbor Elves untaps Forests rather than producing mana directly , when it 's bolted or otherwise removed we can untap a land and not need to use the mana right away . This is particularly relevant on turn three . When we tap out and they drop a Pestermite or Deceiver Exarch at our end of turn , we can untap a Forest and cast a Dismember on their turn in response to Splinter Twin or save it for later if they do not . The Llanowar Elves/Elvish Mystic split is to avoid Maelstrom Pulse . The cards do the same thing , so why not have two different names ? We 're not playing Noble Hierarch or Birds of Paradise because we want all our creatures to be able to attack . Daniel Fournier and I have debated about Noble Hierarch , but until we sit down to play our 100 games I 'll stand by my decision not to play it , as it 's less aggressive than a 1/1 elf .
The must-have utility creatures in the deck are Dryad Militant and Scavenging Ooze . These cards have relevant lines of text that ensure our opponents are playing fair . Dryad Militant is your standard Savannah Lion but also exiles all sorceries and instants that are cast . This trait means that Lingering Souls , a card that can be a struggle if you do not have a Rancor , is less valuable to your opponents . Dryad Militant also evolves Experiment One ; remember to sequence your plays to ensure maximum evolution triggers . Scavenging Ooze is there to hedge against graveyard shenanigans and shrink opposing Snapcasters and Goyfs . The number of Oozes should be adjusted based on how many graveyard decks you expect to face ; it 's the deck 's least effective creature and can be sideboarded out in most matchups .
Dismember is our pre-board removal spell of choice . Besides the fact that green has few non-fight removal spells , since Green Machine does n't run fetches or shocks , we can afford the steep 4-8 damage per game that Dismember requires . Most of the powerful creatures currently being played in Modern die to Dismember ; Tasigur , Siege Rhino , Pestermite , Deceiver Exarch , Celestial Colonnade , Tarmogoyf , and Wild Nacatl all fall to it . In a pinch , the card can be used to shrink problematic creatures such as Elesh Norn , Grand Cenobite to a size that Leatherback Baloth can handle . Yes , this situation has come up when playing against a Gifts deck , and yes , we won that matchup as a result .
Vines of Vastwood is another 1-2 mana instant that makes this deck shine . Vines can serve the obvious purpose of protecting your creatures , but it can also prevent a combo or stop Infect from turn two-ing you with that nasty Become Immense . The text line about giving a target creature protection from abilities or spells your opponents control is incredibly relevant . While it might seem like we are playing this card as a way to punch through 4 extra damage it should be saved as a protection spell or as disruption .
All of our deck 's interaction is instant speed , letting us pressure opponents on their turn as well as ours . For that reason , we play Collected Company . In one match , an opponent wrathed my board on turn 4 , leaving me with nothing , and on their end step I cast CoCo and hit Dungrove Elder and Strangleroot Geist . This card can allow us to reload and stay aggressive . It gives the opponent something to think about , which is nice when they are sitting on too many decisions .
When Collected Company is good it can be devastating , but it 's a gamble and not a card I 'm in love with . It will send me into fits of rage or glee seemingly at a whim based on what it hits or does n't . While every single creature in our deck can be hit by Collected Company , sometimes it will be completely dead or only hit an elf . Previously its slot was filled by Garruk Wildspeaker , a card I 'm considering returning to , as its Overrun ability has become increasingly relevant .
An Example of The Dream Hand :
2 Forests , Experiment One , Strangleroot Geist , Rancor , Dismember , Vines of Vastwood . We want to start the game with three or fewer lands , one early creature , and some sort of interaction either in the form of Vines of Vastwood or Dismember .
The Game Plan :
The rules for playing this deck are simple : stay aggressive and do n't over-extend .
We want to play 2-3 creatures early and attack every turn . While our resilient creatures help invalidate opponent 's removal , since we have few ways to gain card advantage , we want to avoid two-for-ones as much as possible and be careful versus decks with mainboard wraths . Leaving Experiment One as a 3/3 is often enough ; playing a Leatherback Baloth before attacks for the extra evolve is greedy and asking to be two-for-oned .
Be aware that casting Vines of the Vastwood or Dismember aggressively to push through damage is rarely correct . Your creatures are larger than most of your opponents ' , and it 's far better to use those two utility cards to answer combos or keep your creatures alive .
Remember to play your creatures after you attack unless you need an evolved trigger , as we need to be aware of cards such as Cryptic Command . Just keep presenting a constant threat .
The Nightmare Matches , Why , and What We Can Board In to Make Them Better :
Tron : Ugin , the Spirit Dragon answers all of your creatures while Wurmcoil Engine blocks efficiently and pads their life total . Add in Pyroclasm and we 're in for a bad time . Deglamer helps against Wurmcoil Engine , but without Path to Exile there are few ways to interact with the threats that Tron can deploy . Our best bet is for them to fail to assemble Tron before Turn 4 and use a Dismember to shrink their Wurmcoil . Beast Within can function as a Fulminator Mage and keep them off Tron , but it 's not as clean of an answer and generally is n't the best .
Affinity : Your creatures might be bigger but they can dump their hand first . Affinity 's evasive threats punch through your wall of green monsters . A Vault Skirge with Cranial Plating can be devastating , as it guarantees that you 'll lose any race . There was a brief point in the history of this deck where we played 4 Creeping Corrosions in the sideboard . At the end of the day , we decided that it was better to rely on Dismember and accept that Affinity is a bad match-up . But this was before Setessan Tactics . While we ca n't beat Affinity 's best draws , we sure can fight their guys effectively with Setessan Tactics . This card can be used in other matchups where your opponent tries to go wide , such as Merfolk , and has earned itself 3 spots in the board . We still have 1 Creeping Corrosion as a silver bullet for Affinity and Lantern Control .
Infect : Infect can kill you faster than you can kill them . While this match-up is n't favorable , thanks to Dismember and Vines of Vastwood it 's not unwinnable . This is perhaps the one match-up where it is advisable to keep a hand of mostly Dismember and Vines . Ideally , we want to attack for 3-4 a turn while staying alive . Setessan Tactics is not great here , but at least it 's another piece of removal . Spellskite is n't great either , but it can stop their pump spells . We board out the Collected Companies and a Rancor or two to make room for more removal while keeping our creature count high . Being on the play is everything , so good luck winning the roll !
The Good Matchups , Navigating Through Them , and How to Board :
B/G/x : Our creatures come back from the graveyard , Dismember handles all their threats , their Lightning Bolt is often dead , and Dungrove Elder can not be killed except in combat or by a Liliana of the Veil . These are all the reasons why value-based G/B decks are good matchups . It 's tough to get value from your cards when they only trade for half of your opponent 's cards . Protect your Dungrove Elders in this match-up ; never play them onto an empty board when your opponent has mana for Liliana of the Veil .
Junk has access to Path , making it the hardest B/G/x deck for us to deal with , but as it fights fair we can typically out-slug it . While we can lose to Junk if they flash back Lingering Souls and we do n't have Rancor , we 're generally able to bust through their defenses . Jund is even easier , as they have smaller creatures and take more damage from Dark Confidant and their lands without the life gain from Siege Rhino .
The sideboard plan is the same for Jund and Junk . Board out Experiment One and bring in Sword of Light and Shadow for protection and card advantage and Vorapede for a Strangleroot Geist on steroids . Obstinate Baloth or Thrun can come in as well if you want more durable threats , but you might be hard pressed to find room for them ; I 'd suggest cutting the Collected Companies . You might consider Deglamer if they have Batterskull – the look on their face when they 're forced to shuffle that living weapon away is priceless . But unless you 're feeling particularly cheeky , I would suggest against this sort of preemptive boarding .
Twin Variants : U/R is the easiest version for us to beat , as they ca n't outrace us on the beatdown plan and will have to try to combo game one . Dismember and Vines of Vastwood should be reserved for when they threaten to combo . Cards such as Thrun , the Last Troll , Deglamer , and Spellskite can come out of the board to fill in for Rancor , allowing us to seal the deal . Collected Company is arguably at its best here as it often forces them to interact with us on their turn and tie up their mana when it comes back our way . Unless you 're playing against an Island-heavy variant , do n't worry about boarding in Choke , as we have better options . Choke is primarily there as a nod to Merfolk .
Zoo : Wild Nacatl , Tarmogoyf , and Loxodon Smiter do n't hold a candle to Dungrove Elder , Strangleroot Geist , and Leatherback Baloth . Their best removal spell , Path to Exile , ca n't hit our biggest threat , while all of our removal spells are completely live against them . For game 2 we bring in Vorapede and some number of Setessan Tactics to remove their threats while maintaining board presence . This match-up comes down to who has more on the field . While their Knight of the Reliquary can get pretty big , forcing a bad block and casting Dismember or Vines of the Vastwood can easily handle the situation .
Burn : This match is usually a race we can win . Our big creatures make it hard for them to get through with Monastery Swiftspears and Goblin Guides , and we have the edge of not taking damage from our lands . Post-board we can cut 2-3 Dismember and 0-1 Collected Company for two Obstinate Baloths and a Spellskite . It 's strange to think that a group of green monsters can beat out a bunch of hasty red maniacs , but this appears to be a favorable match-up in testing .
Conclusion
Green Machine is aggressive and easy to learn . It 's a ton of fun to play and a deck I will always recommend to new Modern players . I hope to see more Strangleroot Geists and Dungrove Elders roaming around the FaceToFaceGames.com Tournament Series in 2016 !
If you have questions about Green Machine or want me to feature a crazy brew of yours , send me a message at Toronto @ facetofacegames.com .
Author : Beach Combing | in : Ancient
‘ While I was on the ass , going to feed my dun hog , carrying only a matlock and some bannock , I saw a brock coming down from the tor that 's shaped like a bin ' . It is not exactly poetry . But this sentence might stand as a memory aid for students of English . The interest lies not in the meaning of the sentence , contrived as it is . But rather in the strange collection of words that go to make it up : ass , dun ( black or dark ) , hog , matlock ( an agricultural tool ) , bannock ( pictured : bread in Scotland and parts of Northern England ) , brock ( badger in several English dialects ) , tor ( a hill ) and bin . These eight words have one simple thing in common . Not one is English in origin . Instead , all were borrowed into the language from the British Celts about fifteen hundred years ago and they tell us a good deal about a difficult period of British history .
Before squeezing what information we can from these Celtic relics , it is important to remember what Britain was like when ass , dun and their companions entered the English language . In about the year 400 AD , most of Britain was inhabited by the British Celts , a people whose descendants include the Cornish and Welsh , and who spoke a language ( or languages ) that we can call ‘ British Celtic ' . However , very shortly after 400 AD a massive invasion took place and several different Germanic peoples attacked the island and settled most of it . Over a matter of generations these different Germanic tribes grew together and became the English , or the Anglo-Saxons as the early English are sometimes called . Their language was Old English and sometime , early on in the history of this language , the English borrowed the eight British-Celtic words listed above . Several documents record the English invasions of the early fifth century . But almost no texts record its aftermath . We know that the English conquered most of Britain because of the end result , England . But we have few clues about what the conquest was like or what happened to the original inhabitants , the British Celts .
This is where the language archaeologists come in : their task to find out anything they can about this period of history known , because of its obscurity , as the Dark Ages . First they trawl the language , both modern English , dialects , and what records we have from earlier history and create a list : the eight words that appear in the first paragraph – a handful of other words have also been suggested , but these are more controversial . With this list to hand they then set about making deductions , some tedious , some probably wrong , but others of crucial importance for understanding early Celtic history .
A key point that arises from their studies is that the English adopted words from the British Celts that are concerned largely with the countryside and with rural life . This is surprising because we usually borrow from other languages what we do not have in our own . For example , Amerindian words that have entered English tend to be ones that describe things that early pioneers had never seen – tepee , moccasin , pocosin… But this kind of explanation does not work in the case of Britain , for the Germanic invaders that arrived there were themselves from rural backgrounds and had grown up in landscapes not unlike those found in the island . The one obvious explanation is that the British Celts who lived with the English in the early years of the conquest had a strictly servile role . And their new masters adopted only those words from British Celtic that were absolutely necessary for communication with the enslaved native population : ‘ Get an ass ! ' ‘ Kill the hogs ! ' ‘ Go to the flour bin ! '… Much as many ranch owners in the southern United States have a limited but effective Spanish vocabulary .
A second key point depends on the words that were not borrowed . The British Celts were an advanced people with a high standard of life and had many things that the English , coming from one of the most barbaric parts of ancient Europe , would never have seen before : cities , books , churches , theatres , factories , bureaucracy… But the early English were not interested in learning these words . They seemed to have felt no admiration for a civilisation that was more sophisticated than their own . Indeed , they ( on the basis of later sources ) actively despised the British Celts . Certainly you would be hard pressed to find another example from European history were an invading culture took a measly eight words from a people that it displaced . Irish and Japanese have contributed far more to English .
The work of language archaeologists is obviously not precise . They are forced to talk in generalities not specifics . But in the case of the English invasions several other disciplines back their findings up . Archaeology points to the disappearance of British-Celtic culture in what is today England in the early fifth century . The study of place-names show that remarkably few British-Celtic place-names survived the English invasions – it is difficult to find another European example where the turn over of names was so quick and thorough . Admittedly , in the last generation several linguists ( the always provoking and entertaining Andrew Breeze chief among them ) have tried to turn this around and to show that there is a greater survival of British Celtic words than we have previously understood . There have even been attempts to show that British Celtic influenced Anglo-Saxon cases , Anglo-Saxon word order , Anglo-Saxon tenses , and the Anglo-Saxon use of the auxillary ‘ do ' . Personally , Beach finds these arguments either unconvincing or too slight to alter the bleak landscape painted by dun and its seven brothers . Contrary opinions welcomed ! Drbeachcombing AT yahoo DOT com
Then there is history . Few documents survive . But those that do suggest that the invasions were not a gentlemanly affair . Two examples are worth quoting here . One is a short poem that was written by a British Celt at the height of the wars for Britain :
‘ The barbarians [ the English and other enemies ] push us back to the sea ,
the sea pushes us back to the barbarians ,
Between these two deaths we are either drowned or slaughtered ' .
The second is from a British-Celtic writer of the sixth century Gildas who describes the coming of the English . ‘ All the major towns were laid low… ; cut down the inhabitants… as the swords glittered all around and the flames crackled . …There was no burial to be had except in the ruins of houses or the bellies of beasts and birds… A number of the wretched survivors were caught in the mountains and butchered wholesale . Others , their spirit broken by hunger went to surrender to the enemy . They were destined to be slaves forever , if , indeed , they were not killed straight away , the highest boon . '
So next time you drop something in the bin , call someone a silly ass , or put the potato peelings together to feed the hogs spare a thought for those poor British Celts who once lived in what is today England .
* * *
14 May 2012 : Tony writes : ‘ I think you probably meant ” mattock ” rather than ” Matlock “ … perhaps you were thinking of Derbyshire , or even ( yum yum ) subconciously imagining Bakewell tarts… .. something I do all the time . The replacement of Celtic language by Anglo-Saxon is a great mystery , especially in the light of the most modern thinking about the whole A/S invasion . Might I recommend Oppenheimer 's ” The Origins of the British ” , which explains that genetically , the A/S left a very small trace indeed , suggesting a very small invasion ; and Francis Pryor 's ” Britain AD ” , which concurs that archaeologically the “ invasion ” is almost undetectable . They also both incline to the idea that there was already a Germanic element settled in SE England well before the Romans leave . They both conclude that Gildas , on whom the whole A/S Fire and Slaughter invasion hypothesis is based , is unreliable as history , and far too much has been made of their remarks , if only because they are the only remarks we have . But that makes the almost total evaporation of the British language even more startling… . ' Then Stephen D : ‘ The first , at least , does rather alter your landsacpe . Welsh tad , father : English dad . Pwsig , a cat : puss Neither of these are Germanic at all Also : Cors , a marsh : causeway , Trwll , a spinningwheel : trolling , spinning for fish Corwgl : coracle Craig : crag Gwylan : gull Cwm : coombe Glyder : clitter , tumbled rocks Pen gwyn , white head : penguin ( possibly at first a name for the great auk ) Scadan , a herring : shad ( a sort of herring that spawns in fresh water ) There may be others : I have my doubts about punt ( the boat ) and quagmire . ' [ Beach replies ] Dad seems to appear at the end of the Middle Ages in English and others here would appear to be late borrowings too . At that point their appearance in English is a little like the appearance of , say , Irish words . Others are more difficult to dismiss though in this way . Thanks ! Stephen and Tony !
Still , Tuesday 's snowfall pushed New York City 's Central Park into record territory – with the 48.5 inches of snow beating out the 47.2 inches for the same period of the 1995-1996 season , the Weather Service said . The city also beat a February snow total with 28 inches already this month .
That was one of several cold and snow records eclipsed this winter .
Out West , a major weather system battered the Pacific Northwest with rain , and dumped heavy snow on the Cascade mountains as well as parts of the northern Rockies .
And as the weather warmed , flooding was a major concern , particularly in Michigan and Illinois . The National Weather Service said melting snow and more rain could also collapse roofs in some areas of Michigan .
The good news was that although another system was set for the East on Wednesday this was forecast to be rain . After that , warmer temperatures spelled a snow-free period for the region into next week at least , according to Roth .
This system came in from the Midwest where it had covered parts of Minnesota , Wisconsin , Michigan and Illinois with as much as 8 inches in isolated areas on Monday .
It packed heavy winds gusting as high as 30 mph , and parts of Chicago were under near-whiteout conditions Monday morning . Similar conditions were reported in southeastern Michigan , where the Monday evening commute was expected to be a mess .
More than 1,350 flights into and out of U.S. airports were canceled Monday — about three-quarters of them at Chicago 's two main airports , according to FlightAware . More than 4,300 other takeoffs and arrivals were delayed . More than 600 more were canceled across the U.S. by 5 a.m .
For the Northeast , the storm was one more roundhouse for a region still digging out from a storm that dumped more than a foot of snow on Massachusetts and spanked Cape Cod with fierce winds that cut off power for thousands over the weekend .
As storm after storm has swept through , many areas in the Northeast and New England have already gotten two to three times their annual winter snow averages — 55.4 inches in Philadelphia , which usually has about 16 inches by now ; 55.6 inches in New York , which normally should have 17.4 ; and 53.5 inches in Boston , where the average by mid-February is 29.4 .
`` They 're all blending together , '' said Chad Burke , an editor for The Weather Channel .
And all three cities could get 1 to 5 more inches by late Tuesday , said Tom Niziol , a forecaster for The Weather Channel .
`` I 'll tell you what , they do n't need any more , '' Niziol said .
“ They 're all blending together . ''
All 182 of the Illinois Tollway 's snow plows were deployed to tackle slick conditions along the 286-mile system , which runs from Chicago to the northwest part of the state .
`` Avoid driving if possible , '' Kristi Lafleur , executive director of the tollway , said flatly . If you have to drive , they told NBC station WREX of Rockford , `` slow down , drive defensively and allow plenty of extra travel time . ''
At St. Michael 's College in Colchester , Vt. , an electrical space heater malfunctioned overnight in near-zero temperatures , damaging a student apartment building and displacing 22 residents , police told NBC station WPTZ of Burlington .
But the extended assault has been a boon for landscaping and hardware business , which have been constantly busy plowing driveways and restocking shelves of winter supplies .
`` We 've been completely going nuts with salt sales and shovels — every electric heater we had and every gas heater , '' Mark Wiegmann , general manager of Busy Beaver Hardware in Moundsville , W.Va. , told NBC station WTOV .
There 's a ray of sunshine — literally — once the latest storm rushes through , as a warmer weather pattern moves in over the central and eastern U.S. , the National Weather Service forecast .
Also with the warming comes a new danger — kamikaze icicles .
`` It seems like I had a whole lot of icicles just a few days ago , and someone took them off for me , and today , I look out and they 're huge . They 're really huge , '' Frances Pioggia of West Springfield , Mass. , told NBC station WWLP .
M. Alex Johnson and Daniel Arkin of NBC News as well as The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Partynextdoor was arrested Thursday for alleged Xanax and Oxycodone possession . The OVO signee was arrested alongside friend Jerome Nevins by New York state troopers in Niagara County early Thursday morning , WIVB reported . PND and Nevins have been charged with seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance .
Troopers had been called to the Lewiston-Queenston Bridge at the request of U.S. Customs and Border officials , who had reportedly found the Xanax and Oxycodone after stopping PND 's tour bus for a `` secondary inspection '' before allowing it into the U.S .
PND allegedly had Xanax and Oxycodone on him , while Nevins only had Xanax . Both were given appearance tickets for Town of Lewiston court .
A rep for Partynextdoor did not immediately respond to Complex 's request for comment .
59c04a08f5bcb124b7536fb4
PND just dropped their new Seven Days project in September . The seven-track release saw guest appearances from Halsey and Rick Ross .
PND is currently on the road with Halsey as part of their Hopeless Fountain Kingdom tour , which also features support from Charli XCX . The next scheduled date is Oct. 6 at TD Garden in Boston , Massachusetts . At the time of this article 's publication , PND had not issued a statement on the arrest incident .
thank u guys for making summer 2017 perfect . hfk tour starts next week , see u there ! 🦋 https : //t.co/k0XlfBArhG pic.twitter.com/a3bLRM7PbX — h ( @ halsey ) September 18 , 2017
The tour is scheduled to wrap up Nov. 22 at the Wolstein Center at CSU in Cleveland . Get the full list of dates and ticket info right here .
Jeb Bush once called for building prisons and emphasizing “ punishment over therapy ” for juvenile offenders . Today , they support reforming the criminal justice system , arguing that incarceration can harden low-level lawbreakers into career criminals .
In the past , they stressed using deportation to rid the United States of unauthorized immigrants . These days , they describe crossing the border illegally as “ an act of love ” by migrant parents and supports a path to citizenship for those who have done so .
They used to emphasize the rights of big landowners who felt cheated by environmental programs . Now , they are a champion of state-sponsored conservation , celebrated for their $ 2 billion program to restore the Everglades .
Mr. Bush , 61 , the former governor of Florida , insists that they will not contort themselves to satisfy the ideologues of the Republican Party as they lay the groundwork for a possible presidential run in 2016 . But as they pledge to stay true to their beliefs , an examination of Mr. Bush 's record reveals ways in which those views have already changed since their first run for elected office — in presentation , in tone , in language and , at times , in substance .
Image caption Mass Effect 3 is one of the games based on Epic Games ' Unreal 3 engine
The Unreal computer games engine is being licensed to the FBI and other US government agencies .
The software - which powers titles including Batman : Arkham City , Mass Effect 3 and Infinity Blade - will be used for training programmes .
Developer Epic Games and its partner Virtual Heroes described the deal as a '' long-term '' agreementto support the technology on web browsers , consoles and handheld devices .
Full financial terms were not revealed .
However , a statement said that an agreement to provide the tech to one of the agencies involved - the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity ( IARPA ) - was worth more than $ 10m ( £6.3m ) .
IARPA will use the engine to buildwhat it calls `` Serious Games '' , designed to help intelligence analysts tackle instinctual biases that might colour their findings .
Other planned uses for the `` Unreal Government Network '' include :
The FBI Academy using the tech to develop a virtual multiplayer crime scene in which its agents can carry out training simulations
US army medics practicing their skills on an anaesthesiology training application
Weapons researchers using the engine as a `` visualisation tool ''
Virtual Heroes has previously used the Unreal engine to develop America 's Army 3 , a first-person Call of Duty-style video game designed to promote recruitment to the armed services , and Zero Hour , a title used to help emergency service workers train for terror attacks and other mass casualty incidents .
Cost savings
Image caption Virtual Heroes is developing the Unreal-based HumanSim to help train hospital staff
The announcement follows a speech given earlier this week by Colonel Robert `` Pat '' White , the deputy commander of the US Army 's Combined Arms Center-Training , in which hehighlighted gaming 's importance to the military .
`` Every leader struggles with limited time , dollars and resources , '' they said .
`` Those same leaders know it 's better to practice something first before you do it for real in live training . Live training is where our highest risk and greatest expense comes from . ''
The UK 's Ministry of Defence admitted in December that it was also looking to upgrade its computer simulation equipment .
The leader of '' Project Kite '' told the Guardian : `` Military-built simulators were state of the art , but now , for £50 , you can buy a commercial game that will be far more realistic than the sorts of tools we were using . ''
They said they planned to recommend buying in technology from the big gaming companies as part of the solution .
COLUMN ONE Digging up chemical weapons in D.C .
After World War I , munitions including shells of poisonous liquid mustard were buried in a then-rural area . The cleanup has forced evacuations at American University and prompted concerns about illness .
The destruction of five poison-filled shells and 20 other suspect items ended last week . But the strange saga of America 's most unusual hazardous waste site is far from over .
The process is `` as safe as sliced bread , '' said Nielson , the operation leader , at a control panel in a nearby trailer . `` Maybe safer . ''
Later , the crew slid the rusting World War I artillery shell into a small steel vault and sealed the door . They detonated a shaped explosive charge to cut the projectile open , and pumped in reagent to neutralize its contents : liquid mustard , an infamous chemical warfare agent .
Reporting from Washington — Greg Nielson pushed a joystick , and a video camera zoomed in on three men in moon suits and gas masks as they prepared to blow up a weapon of mass destruction less than five miles from the White House .
Since 1993 , the Army Corps of Engineers has removed 84 chemical-filled shells and more than 1,000 conventional munitions , plus at least 44,000 tons of contaminated dirt and debris , from the verdant campus of American University and the manicured lawns of Spring Valley , one of Washington 's most prestigious neighborhoods .
The toxic trash dates from 1917 and 1918 , when the military leased the then-rural campus and nearby farms to test gruesome gases . After the war , soldiers and scientists buried lethal leftovers in unmarked pits , calling the area Death Valley .
A developer renamed it Spring Valley , and mansions sprouted . Presidents Lyndon B. Johnson , Richard Nixon and George H.W . Bush lived here before they entered the White House . U.S. Atty . Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. and Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif. ) , among other top officials and foreign diplomats , reside here now .
The Pentagon says 5,000 old arsenals and other former defense sites may hold hazardous waste . But the bomb hunt here `` is the No . 1 priority , '' said Col. David Anderson , the Army Corps district commander . `` This is the nation 's capital . ''
The Army has spent $ 180 million and expects to spend $ 15 million more to finish the job , Anderson said .
So far , government agencies and independent studies have not found adverse health effects on American University students or the 4,000 or so residents of Spring Valley .
`` Overall , community health is very good , '' said Beth Resnick , coauthor of a 2007 study by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . `` Cancer rates overall are low . Mortality rates are low . ''
They said a new study may focus on several people who lived near the burial pits and reportedly suffered rare cancers , blood disorders and other ailments . It 's not known if military waste played a role .
For now at least , the oak-shaded streets buzz with lawn mowers , not public outcry . Property values are stable , and activists acknowledge that few residents share their suspicion that the Army Corps has downplayed dangers and concealed data , a charge the Army denies .
`` They 're deliberately misleading people , '' said Nan Wells , who represents part of Spring Valley in local government . `` They just want to leave . ''
Tom Smith , another Army Corps critic , said many residents have become complacent . `` We 've grown a little too accustomed to having the Army in our backyards , literally in our backyards , for the last 17 years , '' they said .
Editor ' note , July 25 , 2014 : In a recent issue of the New Republic , William Deresiewicz argues that America 's prestigious Ivy League institutions are turning our children into `` zombies . '' Our overachieving college applicants `` appear to be the winners in the race we have made of childhood , '' writes Deresiewicz , `` but the reality is very different . Our system of elite education manufactures young people who are smart and talented and driven , yes , but also anxious , timid , and lost , with little intellectual curiosity and a stunted sense of purpose : trapped in a bubble of privilege , heading meekly in the same direction , great at what they 're doing but with no idea why they 're doing it . ''
Here , Justin Douglas discusses four schools just as good as the vaunted Ivies .
As high school students around the country begin the college application process , it only makes sense that we talk about some outstanding institutions . Though your parents and loved ones may only want you going to an Ivy League school , there are many great reasons to make the decision to go elsewhere .
The cost of tuition may make you think that a school will eventually get you a high paying job , but that 's not always the case . Also , schools with high freshmen retention rates and high graduation rates often reflect a great support system within the school . These are important things to consider , rather than just school prestige .
Consider this a guide to a few colleges that can be just as competitive as the Ivy Leagues . This list is in no order and is in no way a definitive list but hopefully it can help some parents and students in teaching them which data is important to consider in this huge decision .
1 . University of Virginia
Freshmen retention rate = 97 %
4-year graduation rate = 87 %
Forbes Best Buy College ranking = # 39
Not only is UVA a large , well renowned public institution in Charlottesville , Va. , but its total in-state tuition is only $ 23,986 ! An added perk includes that UVA is the public university with the most Rhodes Scholars .
2 . University of Florida
Freshmen retention rate = 96 %
Forbes Best Buy College ranking = # 10
With a total in-state tuition of $ 19,257 UF has to remain an option on your list . It 's interesting that most freshmen return to the school but they remain out of the top 100 of 4-year graduation rate . Honestly , I 'm not sure if that says anything bad about their school … maybe students just want to stick about to see the next Tim Tebow or Joakim Noah .
3 . The State University of New York at Stony Brook
Freshmen retention rate = 89 %
Forbes Best Buy College ranking = # 29
SUNY Stony Brook is not only one of the best research institutions in the world but it comes at a New York sized bargain with a total in-state tuition that is just $ 5,570 . The short train ride into the city makes the location very attractive as well .
4 . California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo
Freshmen retention rate = 91 %
Forbes Best Buy College ranking = # 19
Cal Poly offers a great education at a great price with all four years of college totaling $ 23,478 if you 're from California . If you 're interested in getting your degree in engineering , the school has 80+ labs just for the engineering school ! It 's also halfway between LA and San Francisco so that you can spend your time away from school evenly between NorCal and SoCal .
Do not get me wrong , the Ivy League schools are great institutions that may make up for expensive price tags with the social capital your network brings you . However , it is also good to keep your options open ! Many great schools that will offer you great experiences come cheaper than your typical name brand private institution .
For this piece , I used two rankings lists : the U.S. News ranking for freshmen retention and the Forbes Best Buy Colleges rankings . ( When available , I also include the U.S. News ranking for 4-year graduation rates . )
READ MORE : 5 Top Business Schools Just As Great As Harvard and Wharton
ObligatoryTLNote : Nothing much to say , just enjoy the chapter .
“ Could it be that they want me to be even more excessive ? ” Wang Lin in order to get away from the chores office , was ready to throw caution to the wind , they wanted to see where the limits of the Elders lay .
In private , the secret disciples who frequently used the two words trash and shameless , with regard to Wang Lin , added another name “ Black Heart Wang ” ! [ TLNote : Other possible translations for the name are Ruthless Wang , Vicious Wang , Wang without a conscience , Hateful Wang , and so on ]
The number of people calling them that compared to those calling Liu Xing as “ Yellow weasel ” was significantly higher . [ TLNote : I had trouble with this sentence , but since it is not plot relevant I hope you forgive this mistranslation ]
Wang Lin practicing in dream space for about an year , the LingQi in their body was several times to the amount they had before , had reached the limit of the first layer of Concentrating Qi , and no matter how much they tried breathing practice , they could n't increase their LingQi any further , then one night , they began using the chant to open the second layer .
After failing for several times in a row in the past , their hard work had now paid off , they had finally managed to break through the Concentrating Qi first layer and entered the second layer .
A large amount of grease oozed out of the numerous sweat pores all over their body , Wang Lin after washing themselves in the water , looked at their image in the water , their eyes shining bright like lightning , they looked quite different from how they had once been in the past .
They rubbed their chin in contemplation as they thought : “ Right now , in order to get the chant to unlock Concentrating Qi third layer , if I go back to Sun DaZhu and let them know that I have reached the second layer , they will ask the reason , and if my explanation clashes with my past excuses , I will definitely end up in trouble . ”
For a long time , finding themselves unable to come up with any good idea , Wang Lin could n't help but frown .
Sighing , they practiced Gravity technique , they were able to reach the level of succeeding ten times out of ten possible attempts , in light of that , Wang Lin wanted to increase the intensity of their training , at the chores office looked for a large stone , and used the gravity technique to try and control it .
Time flew by , and after a month , Wang Lin 's tormenting through chores , had caused the secret disciples to complain , but since winter had now arrived , all the disciples in the sect had begun to prepare for the upcoming end of the year tournament .
Moreover , this year is special because Heng Yue Sect allows secret disciples to participate in the tournament , this happens every ten years and is to happen this year , the top three secret disciples are allowed to become true disciples , each and every one of the secret disciples was polishing their fighting skills , while developing secret plans ready to erupt like a storm .
As regards the chores , they got delayed , nobody cared much .
Wang Lin was quite disappointed , they did n't want to participate in this tournament of disciples , in that time they might as well practice in dream space which will benefit them greatly .
That day , the entire Heng Yue mountain was covered with snow , feather-like snowflakes fell from the sky , and the snow giving the mountain a silvery-white appearance , snow could be seen everywhere .
Wang Lin did not practice , but instead stood quietly in the yard , using gravity technique to move , it was as if an invisible hand moved around like a chaotic wave , the snowflakes dispersed from around their body , not a single flake on their floating body .
Looking in the direction of their home , this time of the year , their parents would have raised a nice and warm stove .
They would be sitting beside the stove reading , their father would be doing carpentary nearby , their mother would be busy preserving and storing pickles .
Sometimes when they would get tired of reading , they would just sit beside their father , watching them do carpentary , would immediately feel their spirit rise , and offer to help , a happy moment between a father and a son .
Besides that , Wang Lin would also remember the bed in their room , where they would hide wooden tops , and take them out on a snow day to play with the neighbouring kids .
Remembering the memories , Wang Lin could n't help but let out a deep sigh , one needs to cut off all their relations with the mortal world otherwise it affects the focus on cultivation , Wang Lin closed their eyes and opened them again , they could clearly see the layer upon layer of their relations with the mundane world , but they knew that they can not heartlessly cut themselves off so they had kept these feelings deep buried in their heart .
Thinking about the positive memories , they suddenly fretted , after reaching the second layer of the Concentrating Qi , resulted in production of Immortal Soul Instincts , the scroll on Concentrating Qi had a detailed description on it .
Sensing with their soul , they came to know that Wang Hao was coming here , a moment later , the gates to the yard opened and dressed in a fur coat and fur hat , Wang Hao looked astonished at Wang Lin and said : “ Brother Tie Zhu , do n't you feel cold , standing outside wearing so little . ”
“ I had guessed that I would find you here , so had to endure this cold to come meet you , ah ” Wang Lin chuckled , they did not feel the cold , ever since they had reached the second layer of Concentrating Qi , they could feel their body to be much stronger than ever .
Wang Hao laughed , and taking their hat off , they looked carefully at Wang Lin , before suddenly saying : “ Brother Tie Zhu , Why do you look so different from when I saw you few months ago ? ”
Wang Lin quipped : “ It is natural , I have now reached the second layer of Concentrating Qi , and now can be classified as a Saint ! ”
Wang Hao curled their lip , and walked toward the room before saying : “ Do n't bullshit , we both have the same level of talent , I received the assistance of spirit pills , and still have n't reached the first layer , and You ? Forget it ! ”
Wang Lin did n't give any excuse , they knew that sometimes even the truth is not believed by people , and on the contrary , if attempts to cover it up with lies , it leads to suspicion . After all their friendship with Wang Hao is not too deep , they would naturally be on their guard in conversation with him .
Familiarity at first sight , a thing like that was already considered impossible by Wang Lin .
“ Wang Hao , how did you find the time to come now , do n't you have work at the DanFang ? ” Wang Lin returning into the room and pouring a cup of hot water asked .
Wang Hao took the cup , and sipping a small gulp after blowing the hot air for a while , they said smilingly : “ You have n't been visiting the DanFang to receive your share , so I brought it to you today. ” saying so they pulled out a small packet from their bosom and put it on the table .
Wang Lin had a faint smile on their face , did n't even bother to glance at the parcel and continued looking at Wang Hao , they did n't believe that Wang Hao would come down here just for this .
Wang Hao blushed a bit before saying suddenly : “ Brother Tie Zhu , I heard that you have been living quite comfortably in the chores office in the past few months ? ”
“ Wang Hao , if you need help speak frankly , I will be glad to help ! ” Wang Lin poured water for himself , maintaining a neutral expression showing neither approval nor disapproval .
A colour of embarassment flashed past Wang Hao 's face as they came close to Wang Lin 's face and whispered : “ Brother Tie Zhu , I have always known that you were a wise man , to tell you the truth , I know that you have quite a big collection of immortal talismans used to sending people home , can you lend me some ? ”
Advertisements
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- And now , the rejects .
The photographs show the Boeing VC-25 making a steep bank not usually seen with passenger aircraft more photos »
Three months after the White House released a single photograph taken during a photo op of `` Air Force One '' flying over New York -- a flight that caused panic on the streets below -- the U.S. Air Force on Friday released the remaining 145 photos taken during the flight .
The photographs show the Boeing VC-25 -- a military version of a 747 -- making three passes by the Statue of Liberty , at one point accompanied by an F-16 fighter jet and at another point making a steep bank not usually seen with passenger aircraft . That latter move may have contributed to the chaos below .
The photographs and several lengthy government e-mail chains were released in response to Freedom of Information Act requests by CNN and other news organizations .
The e-mail chains show that the flight 's government organizers were aware of many New Yorkers ' fears of low-flying aircraft before the April 27 flight , and show a flurry of second-guessing , finger-pointing , damage control and occasional expressions of regret in the hours immediately after the flight . Watch a compilation of still images of the flyover »
`` Thanks for the heads-up on sensitivities in the New York area , '' an Air Force colonel wrote in an e-mail two days before the flight . `` This is an issue that PAG [ the Presidential Airlift Group ] has also been concerned with . As a result , their coordination has been substantial . ''
But while the White House , the military and numerous federal and local government agencies coordinated the flight , the federal government demanded secrecy , preparing a news release that was to be distributed only if there were media inquiries .
Those inquiries came during the morning flight , triggering a quick chain of e-mails among government officials .
`` We ... need to construct some sort of timeline on when folks became aware of it if that is possible , '' one Air Force official wrote , responding to the public interest .
`` I agree we ... need to accomplish damage control , but we are n't the POC [ point of contact ] , '' the response reads . `` Nor do I want to become a belly button for NORAD to push on this one . ''
Wrote one top Pentagon spokesperson : `` Nothing like having everyone point the finger at someone else so we ALL look like a big bunch of buffoons ... can you say Moe , Larry & Curly ! ? ? ! ? ! ''
In addition to the informal e-mail banter , the documents show the regimented system the Pentagon uses to monitor and respond to breaking news stories .
A U.S. Northern Command document offers this `` assessment '' of the story : `` Last 4 hours : Story reported quickly . Covered by AP , CNN , FOX major news outlets . Local reporting very critical , highlighting 'scare ' factor . Local populace very critical of event , due to 9-11 sensitivities . ''
It continues : `` Web site blog comments 'furious ' at best . Twitter search reveals 'tweets ' regarding two F-16 's chasing commercial airliner . Rate of 1 tweet per minute and growing . ''
`` No positive spin is possible . Admit mistake , '' it concludes .
In another e-mail , USAF Col. Scott M. Turner , commander of the Presidential Airlift Group , was doing just that . `` Again , my apologies sir . Real intent here was to honor NYC , not cause mass chaos , '' it reads .
The next day , the Northern Command 's internal memo included depictions of New York 's three major tabloids featuring the headlines , `` Scare Force One , '' `` Just Plane Stupid ! '' and `` How Dumb Was This ! ''
The photographs released Friday , meanwhile , show the presidential aircraft making a steep bank , seemingly well beyond the 30-degree maximum for Boeing 747s carrying passengers , according to one airline pilot consulted by CNN . That may have contributed to the anxiety on the ground .
The Pentagon estimated the cost of the flight at $ 328,835 , which includes the Boeing aircraft and the two fighter jets that accompanied it . But , they said , `` the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . ''
The VC-25 aircraft is designated `` Air Force One '' only when the president is aboard . President Obama was not on the plane during the photo op .
After the incident , Louis Caldera , the director of the White House Military Office responsible for the flyover , resigned .
`` I have concluded that the controversy surrounding the Presidential Airlift Group 's aerial photo shoot over New York City has made it impossible for me to effectively lead the White House Military Office , '' Caldera said in a letter to Obama . `` Moreover , it has become a distraction to the important work you are doing as president . After much reflection , I believe it is incumbent on me to tender my resignation and step down as director of the White House Military Office . ''
All About September 11 Attacks • Air Force One • New York City
When we all look back on the last few seasons in respect to our Astros , there 's not much to brag about . That 's a given . It 's been a long , arduous road . But thanks to Jeff Luhnow & Co. , it appears to have ended . With this season 's acquisitions ( Fowler , Crain , Albers , Qualls ) , and the promise of our highly touted farm system , the future is beginning to look brighter by the day .
That brings us to the remnants of the off-season leading up to the 2014 MLB season .
There are multiple free agents that are available , and for a team that had a payroll that barely eclipsed $ 20 million , there 's huge potential… with one obvious candidate at the top of everyone 's list . Masahiro Tanaka is the most sought after pitcher this off-season . They will command a massive contract and most likely is looking for 5-7 years , making them a “ Face of the Franchise ” type of player . Their latest season for the Rakuten Eagles produced a 24-0 record with an immaculate 1.27 ERA . Not much else needs to be said about numbers like that .
Winning 20+ games is n't out of the ordinary these days… but it 's not entirely common either . Having a pitcher like Tanaka gives you real , actual front of the rotation , ace material . The last time we had a pitcher capable of almost guaranteeing us a win every 5 games , Roy Oswalt was hurling strikes to Brad Ausmus and the Astros were perennial playoff contenders .
Think about that . It seems like it was so long ago that we were excited about baseball in Houston . In actuality , our last real shot at the playoffs was only six years ago , when we finished 86-75 . You see ? It 's really not all that bad . Can you imagine going 20 years without going over .500 ? Talk to Pittsburgh Pirates fans who went from 1993-2013 until they received sweet relief .
When you think about it like that , we 're almost lucky .
That being said , think of a possible 2016 rotation of the following ( in no particular order ) : Masahiro Tanaka , Jarred Cosart , Mark Appel , Carlos Rodon ( possible 2014 1st round pick ) , Scott Feldman
When you think about locking that rotation in for multiple years , you have to think ALL IN on Tanaka .
Also , the Astros will have to take in to account Tanaka 's workload over the course of their career . In Japan , they do n't seem to conserve their pitcher 's arms like they do in the MLB . Since the age of 18 , which is when Tanaka began their professional career in 2007 , they have averaged just over 187 innings pitched per season . Tanaka amassed a winning record of 99-35 ( .739 W-L % ) over the 7 seasons he 's pitched in Japan which is slightly better than their only comparable counterpart , Yu Darvish ( 93-38 , .694 W-L % ) . While it 's a huge commitment of both time and money , the benefit would seemingly outweigh the risk .
Tanaka , being both young and extremely gifted will be an asset on any MLB team… that can drop the kind of coin it will take to land him . After the $ 20 million posting fee ( which we have now found out will be spread over the course of two seasons ) , Tanaka may very well command a contract topping out at $ 150 million or more . There might be multiple teams willing to pay this amount , but there are few that should be willing to spend such money , regardless of talent level .
We have already heard that the Diamondbacks are committed to making a run at Tanaka . Other teams looking to make a run at them include the Cubs and Orioles . Would n't it be nice if , including the Astros of course , those were the only teams showing interest in making a real run at the Japanese ace ? Let 's just get this out of the way . The Yankees , Angels , and Dodgers will undoubtedly attempt to ruin the fun as well by taking on even more money in an attempt to buy a World Series . I 'm not bitter . I 'm just saying what you 're all thinking .
I 've gone back and forth on this subject . It 's a huge amount of money to take on and we 've not yet forgotten how a huge contract can negatively affect our team and our options ( * COUGH Carlos Lee COUGH * ) . In this case though , I do n't think you can get away from the potential up-side that Tanaka can bring to our team .
Jeff Luhnow has uncharacteristically admitted that the Astros have inquired on Tanaka . In true Luhnow fashion , they will not reveal any more information . So we 're left to wonder until an announcement is made , or the stove heats up .
What do you guys think ? Is Tanaka a player worth going all in on ? We 've got such potential on it 's way up from the farm system… do you think we should wait to bring in a marquee-style free agent to see what our own products look like ?
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Next Monday , Ahmed Abu Khattala will become the only person to go on trial for the 2012 attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . The government alleges that Abu Khattala , a Libyan , was a member of the terrorist group Ansar al-Sharia and was one of the ringleaders of the attack that resulted in the deaths of US Ambassador Chris Stephens and three other American State Department employees .
American special forces captured Abu Khattala in Libya in 2014 and put them on a slow boat to the United States , where they were interrogated without a lawyer during the 13-day voyage . But unlike many terrorism suspects , Abu Khattala will have their fate decided by a federal jury in Washington , DC , rather than a military tribunal in Guantanamo Bay .
“ Do you ever listen to political commentators on TV or talk radio ? ”
Twelve jurors and three alternates have now been picked for the trial , but selecting them was no simple task for the court . Media coverage of the Benghazi attacks has been intense , helped along by Republican members of Congress who launched endless investigations into the State Department 's handling of the incident in an effort to torpedo former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's presidential prospects .
To winnow down the pool , potential jurors were asked to complete a questionnaire that runs 36 pages , with questions from both prosecutors and defense attorneys that reflect the complexity of the case and the politics surrounding it . Some of the questions were boilerplate inquires standard for a criminal trial , such as whether the potential juror can follow the law requiring the defendant to be presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt . But others were more unusual .
In fact , the questionnaire seemed designed to exclude broad swaths of DC 's workforce : employees of the CIA or other intelligence agencies , law enforcement officers , journalists , think-tank employees and donors , Arabic speakers , and international aid workers . One question— ” Other than as a voter , are you now or have you ever been actively involved in politics ? ” —could disqualify half the city , whose primary industry is politics .
The document also asked potential jurors if they 've had direct experience with a terrorist attack ; that potentially encompassed a huge group of Washingtonians , given that one of the 9/11 attacks occurred just over the river at the Pentagon . A related question touched on any lingering paranoia from that awful day : “ How concerned are you that a terrorist will commit acts of violence near where you and your family live or work ? ”
Other questions seemed designed to weed out Islamaphobes and nutty Facebook posters who watch too much Fox News . There were questions about TV viewing habits and social-media engagement , as well as inquiries about exposure to any of the Congress ' 21 Benghazi hearings . The questionnaire even asked whether the potential jurors believed Clinton was responsible for the Benghazi attack .
Here 's a sampling of some of the 130 questions the 15 people selected for the trial survived before getting picked to pass judgment on an alleged terrorist :
How would you characterize yourself : ( check one ) Leader ____ Follower ____ Team Player ____ Disrupter _____ Loner _____ What is your understanding of Sharia law , if any ? Is there anything about Islamic teachings or doctrine , or anything about Islamic or Muslim cultural practices , such as women wearing a headscarf or hijab , that is offensive to you ? Do you believe the religion of Islam endorses the use of violence ? Do you ever listen to political commentators on TV or talk radio ? If yes , please list the commentators you listen to : Do you have an account or profile on any social media networking website ( Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , LinkedIn , etc. ) ? If yes , please indicate how often you use any form of social media ( check one ) : Several times a day__ Daily__ Several times a week__ Weekly__ Rarely__ Never__ Have you , any family member or close personal friend been employed or had any association or connection with any of the following : House Select Committee on Benghazi Yes __ No __ House Select Committee on Intelligence Yes __ No __ House Armed Services Committee Yes __ No __ House Foreign Affairs Committee Yes __ No __ House Judiciary Committee Yes __ No __ House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Yes __ No __ National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) Yes __ No __ U.S. State Department Accountability Review Board Yes __ No __ Have you seen any movies ( to include 13 Hours ) , videos , or documentaries , or read any books ( to include former CIA Deputy Director Michael Morrell 's book , The Great War of Our Time : The CIA 's Fight Against Terrorism—From al Qa'ida to ISIS , or Kenneth R. Timmerman 's Dark Forces : The Truth About What Happened in Benghazi ) , reports or scholarly articles specifically related to the September 11-12 , 2012 attacks on the U.S. Special Mission facility and CIA Annex in Benghazi ? Have you previously formed or expressed any opinion ( s ) about any aspect of the events that occurred September 11-12 , 2012 at the U.S. Special Mission facility and CIA Annex in Benghazi including whether action or inaction on the part of the U.S. Department of State , to include the then-sitting Secretary of State , Hillary Rodham Clinton , contributed to the attack or the ability of the U.S. Government to respond to such attack ? Do you believe that non-citizens accused of crimes in U.S. courts should be afforded the same constitutional rights as U.S. citizens ? Do you believe that defendants accused of participating in terrorist acts should be given the same constitutional rights as other criminal defendants ? Do you believe the protections of free speech including criticism of the United States foreign policy should extend not only to citizens born in the United States but also to non-citizens and individuals outside the United States ?
Read the entire 36-page questionnaire below :
Remember two years ago when everyone was head-over-heels in love with Turntable.fm ? Well , things have n't gone swimmingly since the hype died down . After launching mobile apps and rolling out new features , the team is calling it quits . Instead of continuing with Turntable.fm , they 're going to work on a new live concert platform called Turntable Live .
https : //youtu.be/kil6dT5_f9I
In case you never got swept up in the hype , Turntable.fm is an online community where you can start rooms and play songs for everyone . There are multiple DJ spots , and each party gets to queue up songs . The crowd can vote on tracks and chat while listening . December 2nd is going to be the last day for spinning tracks in Turntable.fm rooms . You can download any playlists you 've created as a CSV , or export to Spotify . If you want a t-shirt to remember this particular web service , they 'll be selling those next week .
Turntable Live will bring artists together with fans for online live shows with video and chat interactivity ( that 's a video of it up above ) . It 's not clear what , if any , mobile component Turntable Live will have , but the Turntable you knew and loved is going the way of disco , 8-tracks , and Blackberry .
[ Turntable.fm ]
I was out on a run a week or so ago , in unusually balmy weather for January , when I saw a sight that made me stop cold . I stared at the ground , making the other people in the park think I was crazy , I 'm sure . It could n't be , my mind thought , but by golly it was ! ! ! Miner 's Lettuce , the king of wild greens , was growing in a HUGE patch underneath a conifer tree . I knew I would be writing this post sometime this spring as Miner 's Lettuce is plentiful and an easy plant to identify for beginning foragers , but I never expected to see it so early . Regardless , here we go foraging for Miner 's Lettuce !
If you want to learn more about the edible and medicinal weeds that surround us and how to use them , check out my eBook : Wildcrafting Weeds : 20 Easy to Forage Edible and Medicinal Plants ( that might be growing in your backyard ) !
Miner 's Lettuce is a wonderful green and seems to grow almost everywhere , at least here on the west coast where it 's native . In fact , it gets it 's name from the California gold miner 's who ate it to keep the scurvy away .
What a nice patch of Miner 's Lettuce this is ! ! ! If you have n't noticed , I 've referenced scurvy in GFCF on more than one occasion ( sauerkraut and rose hips ) , and while I do think of it as a bit comical , scurvy really was a big deal back in the day . Scurvy is a disease caused by lack of vitamin C in the diet , which in this day and age is really hard to get ( although I did read that a college student who lived only on ramen and saltines got it… ) . These bits of wild greens were really necessary for survival back when we did n't have conveniently triple washed and bagged salad greens in the grocery store .
And honestly , I still think these wild greens are just as important to us today . They are super healthy , and nothing is as satisfying as picking your own wild greens and then making a salad .
The best part about foraging for Miner 's Lettuce ? It grows plentifully and is really easy to identify . It has a mostly round , almost lily pad looking leaf , which can range from 1 to 6 inches across ( I 've seen some huge ones in the central CA coast ) and has either a little white or pink flower right in the middle . It 's pretty unmistakeable once you 've seen it !
It prefers cool , damp and shady areas and ( usually ! ) does n't come out until early spring . Besides eating it in salads , it can be cooked up like spinach and used in the same way . It is great sauteed with eggs !
An early spring salad is classic , however . Add a few homegrown sprouts and a fresh radish from the garden ( or CSA box ) on the side and you have the perfect start to any meal , wild style .
Ben Geman
Top Senate Democrats are trying to seize the political offensive on energy as Pope Francis , who issued a detailed call to action on climate change in June , is making a high-profile trip to Washington . Senior lawmakers released a wide-ranging energy plan Tuesday that sets a new “ carbon-savings goal ” to help tackle climate change , stating that it 's U.S. policy to cut the country 's carbon emissions by at least 2 percent annually through 2025 . Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and Democratic leader-in-waiting Chuck Schumer are among the lawmakers who joined Sen. Maria Cantwell , the top Democrat on the Senate 's energy panel , at a Tuesday press conference to promote the plan . Sen. Ron Wyden , the top Democrat on the Finance Committee , was also there . While the plan is likely little more than a messaging effort in a GOP-controlled Congress , Schumer told The New York Times that it could be a template for legislation that Democrats will push if they regain Senate control in the 2016 elections . “ A plan that looks something like this is going to be high on the next Congress 's agenda , ” Schumer told the paper .
The 437-page plan swipes at the oil industry by nixing a suite of tax incentives for the biggest oil companies , like Exxon and Shell . It would end write-offs for drilling costs and big companies ' ability to claim a lucrative deduction on domestic manufacturing income , among other incentives . It also sets new fees for some oil and gas wells , and curtails a program that allows royalty-free production in deep Gulf of Mexico waters . Elsewhere , the bill would create a new system of tax incentives for low-carbon electricity and transportation-fuel production that would streamline the existing patchwork of credits , creating a more flexible system that 's based on the level of emissions cuts . ( Those two provisions are similar to a green-tax overhaul that then-Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus floated in late 2013 . ) Other tax provisions would overhaul and extend incentives for energy-efficient homes and buildings . Democrats are also dusting off a long-standing plan to mandate more energy savings in the power system . The bill would require that electric and natural-gas utilities cut energy use by 20 percent by 2030 . This “ Energy Efficiency Resource Standard ” would save consumers $ 150 billion over the next 15 years , an estimate of the measure 's effects states .
The economy cruised into the new year with a burst of fresh momentum , continuing to add jobs at the fastest pace since the boom of the late 1990s and lifting employment and wage prospects for millions of Americans left behind in a long but mostly lackluster recovery .
The Labor Department said Friday that employers added a seasonally adjusted 257,000 jobs in January , but even more significant was a revision of earlier estimates showing an additional gain of 147,000 jobs in November and December .
Since Nov. 1 , employers have hired more than 1 million new workers , the best performance over a three-month period since 1997 . More jobs were created in 2014 as a whole than in any year since 1999 .
“ This is the best employment report we 've had in a long time , ” said Guy Berger , U.S. economist at RBS . “ The labor market looks like it 's in really good shape as we head into 2015 . ”
If the job market continues to gather strength into the run-up to the presidential election of 2016 , as some forecasters now predict , the rebound promises to reshape the political landscape , as well as the economic one .
Fierce Republican criticism of President Barack Obama 's economic policies , a touchstone of the 2012 presidential campaign , could resonate less with voters the next time around . Hillary Rodham Clinton or another potential Democratic nominee might have an easier time making the case for keeping the White House in Democratic hands .
The key , say political experts from both parties , is how the bounty from renewed growth is shared and whether wages for middle-income workers rise more quickly , along with other yardsticks like overall economic activity and the stock market .
On the wage front , the jury is still out . Last month , average hourly earnings rebounded after falling in December , increasing 2.2 percent for the last 12 months and suggesting that the benefits of a tighter job market could soon begin to spread more broadly to ordinary workers .
But the major question after Friday 's report is whether better wage growth can be sustained .
A few other caution signals are noticed as well . Data last week showed that economic output grew at a slower-than-expected 2.6 percent rate in the fourth quarter of 2014 .
And Thursday , the government reported a big jump in the country 's trade deficit in December , as imports surged and exports fell . With the dollar gaining strength against the euro and other currencies , a rising trade imbalance may weigh on the economy in 2015 .
Nevertheless , even the one seemingly negative note in the January jobs report — an increase in the unemployment rate to 5.7 percent from 5.6 percent in December — was actually an encouraging sign , analysts said , since it was mostly caused by more jobless Americans looking for work again as labor demand heats up .
The overall picture was so encouraging , experts said , that Federal Reserve policymakers may feel more comfortable starting their long-awaited move to raise short-term interest rates in June , a step Wall Street had generally expected to be delayed until September or even later .
“ Employment growth is astonishingly strong , ” said Ian Shepherdson , chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics . “ With every indicator we follow screaming that payrolls will be very strong for the foreseeable future , wage pressures will intensify . ”
Others cautioned that the Fed would probably wait for more evidence that underlying inflation was picking up before deciding to pull the trigger .
“ This is a step in the right direction , but it is not a game changer for the Fed , ” said Diane Swonk , chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago . “ It takes away the concern that wages are decelerating , but we still have to see them accelerate . ”
Along with the generally positive tenor of the headline numbers , economists were also heartened by job gains in a broad variety of industries , both white collar and blue collar .
For example , the construction industry , which is still suffering from the effects of the housing bust seven years ago , gained 39,000 jobs . Manufacturers added 22,000 workers , and restaurant and food service employment rose nearly 35,000 .
At the same time , higher-paid tiers of the economy also displayed strength . Financial companies and insurance providers hired more than 22,000 additional workers , and the booming health care field gained an additional 38,300 .
One notable weak spot was oil and gas extraction , as plunging energy prices prompted companies to lay off 1,900 workers , bringing total employment in the sector to 199,500 . The public sector eliminated 10,000 jobs , including a 6,000 cut in employment by the federal government .
“ The good news is that there was hiring across a wide range , ” said Tara Sinclair , an economics professor at George Washington University and chief economist at Indeed.com , a large job-posting site .
“ People worry about too many low-end jobs being created , ” they said . “ But we need those jobs , too . ”
Nelson D. Schwartz ,
The New York Times
If you record every heap allocation and re-allocation done by Firefox you find some interesting things . In particular , you find some sub-optimal buffer growth strategies that cause a lot of heap churn .
Think about a data structure that involves a contiguous , growable buffer , such as a string or a vector . If you append to it and it does n't have enough space for the appended elements , you need to allocate a new buffer , copy the old contents to the new buffer , and then free the old buffer . realloc ( ) is usually used for this , because it does these three steps for you .
The crucial question : when you have to grow a buffer , how much do you grow it ? One obvious answer is “ just enough for the new elements ” . That might seem space-efficient at first glance , but if you have to repeatedly grow the buffer it can quickly turn bad .
Consider a simple but not outrageous example . Imagine you have a buffer that starts out 1 byte long and you add single bytes to it until it is 1 MiB long . If you use the “ just-enough ” strategy you 'll cumulatively allocate this much memory :
1 + 2 + 3 + … + 1,048,575 + 1,048,576 = 549,756,338,176 bytes
Ouch . O ( n2 ) behaviour really hurts when n gets big enough . Of course the peak memory usage wo n't be nearly this high , but all those reallocations and copying will be slow .
In practice it wo n't be this bad because heap allocators round up requests , e.g . if you ask for 123 bytes you 'll likely get something larger like 128 bytes . The allocator used by Firefox ( an old , extensively-modified version of jemalloc ) rounds up all requests between 4 KiB and 1 MiB to the nearest multiple of 4 KiB . So you 'll actually allocate approximately this much memory :
4,096 + 8,192 + 12,288 + … + 1,044,480 + 1,048,576 = 134,742,016 bytes
( This ignores the sub-4 KiB allocations , which in total are negligible . ) Much better . And if you 're lucky the OS 's virtual memory system will do some magic with page tables to make the copying cheap . But still , it 's a lot of churn .
A strategy that is usually better is exponential growth . Doubling the buffer each time is the simplest strategy :
4,096 + 8,192 + 16,384 + 32,768 + 65,536 + 131,072 + 262,144 + 524,288 + 1,048,576 = 2,093,056 bytes
That 's more like it ; the cumulative size is just under twice the final size , and the series is short enough now to write it out in full , which is nice — calls to malloc ( ) and realloc ( ) are n't that cheap because they typically require acquiring a lock . I particularly like the doubling strategy because it 's simple and it also avoids wasting usable space due to slop .
Recently I 've converted “ just enough ” growth strategies to exponential growth strategies in XDRBuffer and nsTArray , and I also found a case in SQLite that Richard Hipp has fixed . These pieces of code now match numerous places that already used exponential growth : pldhash , JS : :HashTable , mozilla : :Vector , JSString , nsString , and pdf.js .
Pleasingly , the nsTArray conversion had a clear positive effect . Not only did the exponential growth strategy reduce the amount of heap churn and the number of realloc ( ) calls , it also reduced heap fragmentation : the “ heap-overhead ” part of the purple measurement on AWSY ( a.k.a . “ RSS : After TP5 , tabs closed [ +30s , forced GC ] ” ) dropped by 4.3 MiB ! This makes sense if you think about it : an allocator can fulfil power-of-two requests like 64 KiB , 128 KiB , and 256 KiB with less waste than it can awkward requests like 244 KiB , 248 KiB , 252 KiB , etc .
So , if you know of some more code in Firefox that uses a non-exponential growth strategy for a buffer , please fix it , or let me know so I can look at it . Thank you .
You probably already know that the final version of Windows Phone Developer Tools was shipped today ! In celebration , we decided to walk through the corridors of Studio F ( where most of the devs , PMs , and testers are ) , and talk with a few of the people who are behind this great release of Windows Phone and the Tools . Meet Tom Christie , Jorge Raastroem , Thomas Fennel , Charlie Kindel , Abolade Gbadegesin , Akhil Kaza , Anil Dhawan , Peter Torr , Bruno Silva , and Luke Nyswonger , just a few of the many folks on the Windows Phone team .
Special thanks to our camera man Michael O'Neill , who had to chase Jaime and me through Studio F while carrying all their equipment .
Related links :
· Download this version of the tools
· Read the Windows Phone 7 Marketplace policies
· Take a look at the Windows Phone Training Kit for Developers
Are you developing with Windows Phone 7 ? You can pre-order Learning Windows Phone Programming by Jaime Rodriguez , Yochay Kiriaty , and John Papa ! Or check out the book 's website
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday said they will seek German support for early conclusion of a balanced trade and investment with the European Union ( EU ) .
`` I will seek Chancellor Merkel 's support for an early conclusion of an India-EU broad-based trade and investment agreement , '' the prime minister said in their departure statement here ahead of their three-day visit to Berlin .
`` I will also propose that Europe keeps its doors open to Indian investors and professionals , '' they added .
The prime minister is visiting Germany on the invitation of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Manmohan Singh said they were hopeful of signing a number of agreements and memorandums of understanding ( MoUs ) in areas like infrastructure , manufacturing , science and technology , higher education , professional training , and clean and renewable energy .
`` I intend to seek greater trade and investment ties with Germany as we continue to take steps to boost domestic investment , attract foreign investors , and spur the economy back to its long term growth potential of 8 percent , '' the prime minister said .
…and aims to be reborn , again again again . It 's been a long time since Atari has been a force to be reckoned with , and longer still since it was n't secretly Infogrames in disguise . Atari has been a transferable name for long years now , rather than truly representing the Nolan Bushnell-founded firm behind invaluable proto-videogames such as Pong , Asteroids , Lula : The Sexy Empire and Centipede . It first ‘ died ' in 1984 , which entailed the first of many transitions into a new corporation bearing the Atari name , and the first of many financial struggles . Now its latest incarnation is filing for bankruptcy , as part of a plan to start over yet again .
As far as I can tell – and I ca n't tell much on a Monday – the US arm of Atari wants to be rid of its French parenty company , Atari S.A. which was formerly Infogrames . Sort of . Remember Infogrames ?
This French arm is particularly beleaguered by money woes , and apparently the plan is that if the US firm , Atari Inc , can declare bankruptcy it can ditch its substantial debt , be bought up as a private company and get on this whole damned merry-go-round all over again .
Atari Inc. , a small , 40-person outfit based in New York , is trying to get on with download and social games ( it 's working on a new version of Pong with Zyngaaaaaaaaargh ) , where it 's seen some small success already . Atari S.A. , meanwhile , continues to haemorrhage money , so God only knows what happens to that once Inc does its thing . The LA Times , which broke this latest sad chapter of the Atari story , reckons the French arm may seek “ legal protection to find a buyer or dissolve in that country. ” So could we end up with two totally different Ataris ? Depends , I think , on if Atari Inc. is sold outright or if its CEO Jim Wilson – also CEO of Atari S.A. – drums up enough backing to keep/gain control himself .
Messy . Unsavoury . I 'd say the Atari brand had become so toxic by this point that it was n't worth trying anything , but that just is n't true – I 'll warrant the bulk of the gaming world , especially those parts of it which wear faux-retro Atari t-shirts , have absolutely no idea the brand ever changed hands . There is money in them that retro hills , even if I increasingly lose faith that it would be mined in a way that impressed me .
`` Looking for a perfect every day treat for your furry friend ? Look no further ! We are it ! The 777 Dog Smile Dental Sticks- the only one company on the market that offers a FULL WEEK TREAT SOLUTION for your dog . ★ We created a balanced menu for each day of the week so your pup will be the happiest good boy or good girl ever and you wo n't have to worry about a thing ! Upon carefully studying the market and reviewing hundreds of dog treat products , we literally created the best one out there . And here is why : - FULL WEEK TREAT SOLUTION : treat your furry friend every day different flavor full of natural ingredients and vitamins ! - NATURAL INGREDIENTS : Main ingredients that were used to make our dental treats are 100 % natural . We used real chickent to make our delicious dental sticks . - SPARKLY TEETH AND FRESH BREATH : our dental sticks work like magic ! Special stick consistancy masages dogs ' gum , while realising healthy minerals and vitamins , that help clean your dogs ' teeth and promote health fresh breath . - PLEASANT ODOR : most of the bully stick products on the market have horrible odor , unlike our Dental Bully sticks that smell very natural ( AS NATURAL TREATS SHOULD SMELL ! ) . The smell is very light and super tasty , your dog will love it ! - GREAT TRAINING TOOL - our treats are so delicious and nutrition denst , that your dog tried them once , will do anything you tell it to do get our treat again - you will see ! - FUN MODERN SHAPE - smartly designed shape features 2 flavors and makes your dog ' a taste buds experience unforgettable . ATTENTION : Monitor your dog to ensure treat is adequately chewed prior to swallowing , they are fully digestible however gulping any item can be harmful to a dog . Provide adequate fresh water in a clean container daily . For your pet 's health , see your veterinarian regularly . ''
Science fiction writers excel at predicting the future . Jules Verne imagined rocket ships long before rockets were blasting into space . William Gibson foresaw the rise of the internet in Neuromancer . Arthur C Clark wrote about satellites decades before one ever shuttled a call to a cell phone .
At its core , sci-fi writing is about imagination , about openness to new ideas and change . To do that , sci-fi authors must transcend internal biases and limitations . If you can only see what 's right in front of you , you ca n't see what 's coming . Sci-fi authors not only predict the future , they help create it . Their ideas act as catalysts that spur later innovation . As a young author I read the greats , and they inspired my own fiction . Old sci-fi inspires new .
One of the speculative authors who influenced me was Charles Stross . Accelerando and Glasshouse are two of the best sci-fi books of all time . Their mind-bending worlds push the limits of what 's possible in fiction . Unfortunately , when it comes to Bitcoin they seem to have very little imagination . They wrote an article called `` Why I want Bitcoin to Die in a Fire '' that got picked up by Slashdot and Reddit and other news outlets . Even Paul Krugman got in on it , quoting the article directly for a post in the NY Times blog . The only problem is that the article is poorly researched and based on an incredibly shaky foundation . Like many others Stross is completely missing the point on why Bitcoin is a revolutionary concept and system of commerce , all while repeating wild nonsense as if it is fact . It 's hard to believe that an author who wrote about algorithmically run 2.0 economies and trading exchanges for personal reputations can fail to see the precursors of that tech in the real world .
Stross makes some typical arguments against Bitcoin : it wastes electricity ; bad money will push out good because it will be more profitable for botnets than legitimate miners ; it 's deflationary ; it is semi-anonymous so it enables crime ; it 's a conspiracy by Libertarians to take over the world . But do any of them stand up to scrutiny ?
The first point they make is that it has a `` carbon footprint from hell . '' In other words , it wastes electricity . This is the only argument I partially agree with . Stross ' actual calculations are based on fantasy numbers from blockchain.info , but there is no denying that Bitcoin and other currencies have a large electricity footprint . Yet so do Visa and Amex and all of the big payment processing companies that we rely on to process transactions today . If we are going to do business online then we will use electricity . Unless we go back to using the Pony Express , that 's a fact of life . Bitcoin simply shifts the electricity used to a distributed cluster of people working together as opposed to a data center at a big company .
It 's also arguable we ca n't calculate the impact of miners based simply on electrical usage alone . They serve a dual purpose in the economy . They process transactions and act as a distributed web of trust . They power an entire economic system by preventing people from cheating the system . When you consider how much time and how many resources payment processors currently used to make a complete mess of the same thing , that starts to look like a lot of money saved indeed . Total ROI for their efforts ca n't be understood just by counting the amount of kilowatts burned .
In another point Stross argues that Bitcoin violates Gresham 's Law meaning that it would be more profitable to steal electricity with a giant botnet rather than mine legitimately . They cite this paper , that says botnets will come to dominate Bitcoin mining . The math in it is good . There 's just one problem . The paper was written in 2011 , before the rise of ASICs ( Application Specific Integrated Circuits ) , chips specially created for mining that are 100s of times more energy efficient and powerful . You ca n't mine much with the CPUs or even the GPU 's in people 's computers these days . It 's not profitable with one CPU or a million CPUs . The botnets will fail and sleazy cybercriminals will just go back to trying to get old ladies to cash fake checks .
Actually , the opposite of what the paper theorizes seems to be happening . The competition among miners is already working to reduce that carbon footprint , unlike our current economy where the big payment processors have little to no incentive to get much more efficient . There are only a few of them and they own the market . A little more energy efficiency saves them a chunk on their bottom line , but not by much . By contrast , the Bitcoin economy has already seen a number of incredible increases in efficiency . We went from CPUs to GPUs to ASICs in the five years that the Bitcoin economy has been churning . ASICs are much more energy efficient than giant banks of GPUs running at 99 % constantly . ASIC represents real businesses accreting around the crypto economy and delivering more processing power to handle additional load , while reducing energy consumption on a per-unit basis . This is an open market driving new efficiencies . When big firms are putting real money into the Bitcoin economy every day , this will only drive more and more efficiencies and reduce the overall carbon footprint , even as the economy grows .
Stross also attacks the currency on the basis of it being `` deflationary , '' because it mimics a limited money supply that increases in value over time while reducing prices of goods and services . They also note that the Bitcoin system seems to come with a Libertarian agenda . Algorithmically defined economic systems mirror the real economic systems they model . Bitcoin picked one that is largely deflationary . Nobody has the final say on what economic system is the best . Economists ca n't even agree on basic assumptions , which is why they argue endlessly . Economic systems work if they work for the people who use them . Whether Bitcoin works in the long run will be up to the people buying and selling goods and services in that system . There are a huge number of cryptocurrencies already , each with different designs and monetary policies . Nearly every economic system that we have ever come up with is now modeled by one cryptocurrency or another . They are currently battling it out for mind share and utility . Some can verify transactions faster . Some increase the monetary supply quicker or have a larger output of coins . These alternative coins share one thing in common : almost all of them are based on the original Bitcoin open source code . Some of them , like Worldcoin , are built right on top of Bitcoin protocol . In other words , Bitcoin is already enabling different economic systems with different rules . May the best economic system win .
Bitcoin is more of a hybrid system than a true deflationary system . The gold standard is considered deflationary and Bitcoin is often seen as the digital equivalent of gold . Gold has a limited supply , so it is scarce , just like a digital currency . But real gold can only be subdivided so far . It can only be chopped up so far before it 's nothing but dust . Bitcoin has no such limitations . Theoretically , it can be subdivided into fractions of a coin almost indefinitely , growing as needed with people 's demands . Its current limitation is eight decimal places . Even with only 21 million Bitcoins , that 's still 2000 trillion of the smallest unit . The protocol is designed to be upgradeable , so if we ever need to divide it further we can .
It should n't be hard to see that cryptocurrencies can actually lead to better economic understanding and better transparency . Imagine a money map that shows all the world 's transactions in real time , similar to Google 's gorgeous wind map . Think of big data analytics running nonstop , studying the impact of money on people 's lives with real data , not estimations and surveys and guesswork . You can easily visualize all of the world 's money as it moves by studying the Bitcoin blockchain , a central transaction ledger of all the transactions in Bitcoin history . Imagine if economists could study the flow of all global commerce in real time ? What would they learn from it ? What would we ?
Stross also argues that Bitcoin is only good for criminals and scumbags buying drugs and illegal weapons . This is perhaps the lamest of all arguments against Bitcoin . Can Bitcoin be used to buy illegal drugs ? Of course . But so can dollars , pounds , or yuan . These currencies can be and are used for that every single day . Yet nobody talks as if this invalidates the usefulness of these currencies , only Bitcoin . Everything that exists in this world can be used for both good and ill. A humble kitchen knife can still be used to stab someone but few people would argue we should ditch kitchen knives . Just because something can be used for ill purposes does n't make it evil . Nothing really changes here . People have been using money to do bad things since the dawn of money .
The second half of the `` Bitcoin is only for criminals '' argument is that its pseudo-anonymous nature will make it harder for criminals to be hunted down and put in jail . That did n't work out well for the Silk Road . If the Silk Road saga taught us anything , it 's that if you openly set up a big , in-your-face , stick-it-to-the-man illegal enterprise you will get caught . You 'll get caught the way all criminals get caught : through good old-fashioned police work . The police did n't need any special tools to get the folks from Silk Road . They needed some digital forensics people – par for the course these days – as well as some detectives willing to follow all the leads . They got their man . People will always try to beat the law , and there will always be police and investigators to track them down , Bitcoin or not .
Lastly , Stross points to a random blog post by a cloud engineer from the UK about how Bitcoin is a nuclear weapon designed to take out the global banking system . This is something that Krugman picks up on in their `` Bitcoin is Evil '' post . Of course , as good as sci-fi authors are at predicting things , the truth is that none of us can see all the permutations of what 's to come . While sci-fi authors are good at predicting individual technologies , they ca n't always see how a future society will really function . Like that blogger , we often imagine a total dystopia or utopia . Life usually ends up somewhere in between . Big banks will adapt and change as cryptocurrencies and the systems that support them evolve . Chris Dixon , one of the venture capitalists behind Coinbase , reminds us that “ almost every significant computing movement had early proponents who were ideologically motivated . The developers of the first personal computers were closely aligned with the 60s counterculture movement . Open source software was originally created by people who believed that all software should be available for free…This is n't coincidental : broad-based technology movements have depended on non-economic participants early on since it often took years for commercial participants to get involved. ” If Bitcoin only worked for Libertarians it would n't be much of an economic system at all . Economic systems work because lots of people of differing backgrounds and opinions find them useful . People will vote with their wallets on Bitcoin , and that 's the way it should work .
I do n't know what Bitcoin will become , but whatever it is it looks like a profound technological innovation . It does n't “ sound ” impressive , Mr. Krugman , it is impressive . Bitcoin challenges some basic assumptions about what 's possible . While Bitcoin specifically might not achieve the gestalt needed to support a mature economy , it seems almost certain that another cryptocurrency will . What exactly that will look like we ca n't predict , but you do n't have to wait for the future . Economics 2.0 is online now and you can play with the beta version . For a sci-fi author like Stross that potential should prove intoxicating .
Being a sci-fi author is about being open to possibilities . When a writer loses that ability to see what might be , maybe it 's time for them to step aside and make way for a new generation of authors who still can .
So trying to figure out what infinitesimal percentage of the 657 billion photos uploaded to social-media sites this year I am in is , perhaps , a ridiculous idea . But that has not stopped me from trying .
First I tried to really narrow the question down as much as possible to this : How many photos that have been uploaded to social-media sites , and still exist on those sites , am I in the background of ? This eliminates photos that may have never been uploaded , photos that may not exist online anymore , Snapchats , security cameras , and video footage of tourists who are recording their entire walk through a museum or monument .
The number of photographs you 're in is a direct function of the number of places you 've been that are highly photographed . “ If you go to many places around the world like the Taj Majal , it 's not as though every person in the world is visiting there , it 's some subset of people , ” Schoenebeck says . In other words , rich people get to travel more , and are therefore probably in more photos .
To eliminate this variability , I decided to just try to estimate my own photo-footprint . So the first thing I did in my futile attempt to estimate this number , was make a list of all the places I 've been that might be photography hot-spots . I live in New York City , so that 's one big place for photographs . And I 've been to six of what TripAdvisor calls the “ top 50 tourist attractions in the world . ”
But how many photos are taken at each of those places ? That 's hard to figure out too . Google has a site called Panaramio , a mashup of photo sharing and geo-tagging . And a site called Sitesmap shows how many photos have been uploaded to Panaramio in each location . But these are just photos that have been shared using Panaramio , which is n't a particularly popular service . Looking at a single photo-sharing service like Flickr could give one sense , but it would be a small slice of the photographic pie . And on many social sites , geotags are n't easily searchable .
Then there 's the question of whether any of this matters . Right now there are some number of photographs that include me in the background . So what ?
“ It 's like that thing about the tree falling in the forest , ” Schoenebeck says “ It 's so easy to take and delete digital photos , and you may not know they exist , you may never know they existed , what does that mean for your own digital identity ? Does it even matter ? ”
Martin Hand , a sociologist at Queen 's University in Ontario , Canada , has the same question . “ Unless you 've got a tag , you 're not going to know you 're in it , unless you stumble across it . There are these ghost profiles floating around , sort of ephemeral versions of you that you 're unaware of . They 're kind of like wallpaper . ”
Schoenebeck studies how parents and teens relate to digital photos—she looks at things like moms posting baby-photos online , and how teenagers feel about their earlier selves immortalized in digital images on Facebook . They and Hand both talked about how teens today take a lot of care in the photos they post . Instead of dumping all 30 photos they took at the Eiffel Tower into a Facebook album , they 'll post two . Their relationship with photos is n't one of personal memory , but rather of public identity . Hand describes the thinking : “ Of course you take images in order to distribute them , that 's what they 're for . ”
Police outside Bishop International Airport after an airport officer was stabbed in the neck in Flint Township on Wednesday , June 21 , 2017 . ( WEYI )
FLINT TOWNSHIP , Mich. - Police say an airport officer was stabbed in the neck Wednesday morning at Bishop International Airport in Flint .
The officer was taken to the hospital . Michigan State Police said the officer is in critical condition . However , their condition has been upgraded to stable .
READ : Officer critical after stabbing at Bishop International Airport in Flint
Police identified the injured officer as Lt. Jeff Neville . Bishop International Airport was evacuated and is closed .
NBC News : The Canadian born suspect shouted `` Allahu Akbar '' before stabbing the officer multiple law enforcement sources say . W/ @ anblanx https : //t.co/TYSZIgmFQE — Tom Winter ( @ Tom_Winter ) June 21 , 2017
The FBI said they are aware of reports that the attacker made statements immediately prior to or while attacking the officer , but it is too early to determine the nature of the alleged statements or whether or not it was an act of terrorism .
`` Based on information that we have at this time , we believe this to be an isolated incident , '' the FBI said in a statement .
Police said a suspect has been taken into custody . The airport released the following statement :
`` All passengers are safe and are being evacuated at this time . Please check with your airline for potential cancellations or delays . ''
The FBI is leading the investigation . The Flint City Hall began operating under heightened security in an abundance of caution after the incident .
`` Right now we are still awaiting more information about the situation at Bishop Airport this morning , '' Flint Mayor Karen Weaver said . `` My thoughts and prayers are with all of our law enforcement officers who work to service and protect us each and every day . I want the public to know that several agencies are involved and working to ensure the situation is under control . However , at this time we are taking extra precautions just to be safe . ''
Stay with Local 4 and ClickonDetriot.com as more information becomes available .
Sign up for ClickOnDetroit Email Newsletters ( click here ) for more stories like this .
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved .
For the character in BioShock Infinite , see Stanley .
“ I uh… met with Sinclair today , of 'Sinclair Solutions . ' …And he 's got work for me , right ? I ask what , and they flash me these thousand dollar Steinman teeth , sayin ' this job 'll quote 'change history ' end quote. ” ― Stanley Poole [ src ]
Stanley Poole is a character in BioShock 2 . A former reporter for the Rapture Tribune , Stanley was used by Andrew Ryan to infiltrate Sofia Lamb 's Rapture Family prior to the Civil War . They were instrumental in the fall of Dionysus Park , after being put in charge of it for a time . Poole extorts the aid of Subject Delta to clean up evidence of their destructive misdeeds in the area .
Contents show ]
History Edit
While working for the Rapture Tribune , Stanley Poole became associated with Augustus Sinclair , who began paying Stanley not to expose and report on any of Sinclair Solutions ' unscrupulous secrets . Sinclair offered Stanley a job that would `` change history '' , [ 1 ] which involved providing Andrew Ryan with proof that Sofia Lamb 's ideology was a dangerous political movement needing to be suppressed . Ryan wanted Lamb 's activities in Dionysus Park exposed , so that Lamb could be taken out of the picture .
Sinclair used Stanley to infiltrate Lamb 's supporters inside the park . [ 2 ] Stanley convinced Simon Wales , one of Lamb 's higher-ranked members , that the Rapture Tribune was suppressing their real journalism about Rapture . Even Lamb seemed to be convinced that they genuinely wanted to join . [ 3 ] While in `` The Family '' , Stanley was under intense pressure from Ryan 's operatives ( who wanted immediate results ) , and from young Eleanor Lamb , who became suspicious of him . [ 4 ] Stanley anonymously reported Sofia Lamb 's plots to take control of Rapture , resulting in their detention at Persephone . [ 5 ]
Around the same time , a deep sea diver from the surface accidentally discovered and entered Rapture . [ 6 ] This man was accepted into the city and became something of a celebrity for their heroics , gaining the nickname `` Johnny Topside '' in articles in the Rapture Tribune , and Stanley 's respect . Andrew Ryan did not trust the visitor 's story , and was convinced the explorer must be a government agent sent to spy on Rapture . The man eventually was incarcerated at Persephone Penal Colony .
After Lamb 's disappearance , Stanley was put in charge of Dionysus Park . They used their new privileges to throw wild parties at Lamb 's expense . When Eleanor threatened Stanley with telling their mother what they were doing , Stanley sold Eleanor to a Little Sister 's Orphanage , not knowing their fate was to become a Little Sister . Then came word that Lamb had escaped their detention . Fearing members of the Rapture Family would tell Sofia Lamb of their conduct in Dionysus on their return from prison , Stanley exploited a dangerous flaw in Dionysus Park 's construction , [ 7 ] flooding the park and killing all witnesses to their misdeeds . [ 8 ]
After Andrew Ryan was killed , and Lamb began their rise to power , Stanley found themselves imprisoned within their lie and had no choice but to work for Lamb and the Rapture Family .
BioShock 2 Edit
Main article : BioShock 2
After Subject Delta drains Dionysus Park to save Sinclair , the Little Sisters begin exploring the park to collect ADAM for Sofia Lamb . Stanley Poole , who has locked themselves in the control booth of the Atlantic Express station , does not want this , as the ADAM contains memories from the corpses there . If Lamb obtains the ADAM , they fear the secret of their betrayals will be revealed . By blocking the train , Stanley forces Delta to prevent the Little Sisters from gathering ADAM . Delta can not advance towards Eleanor until they complete this task .
With Eleanor 's telepathic help , Delta views the memories within the gathered ADAM , seeing the events as described above . Once all the Little Sisters are gone , Stanley unlocks the train path so Delta can proceed . Delta and Stanley discover , via Lamb 's radio transmission , that Sofia Lamb knew of Stanley 's actions all along . They say they had forgiven him , since their actions in having Eleanor turned into a Little Sister became a blessing in disguise for Lamb 's grand utopian scheme . Because they helped Delta , Poole interfered with Sofia 's plans for Eleanor . Lamb tells Delta that Stanley was the one who turned in Johnny Topside to Ryan . Opening the control booth door , Sofia gives Delta the option to have their revenge , and it is left up to the player whether or not to kill Stanley . The result of this decision will have an impact on the game 's ending .
When Subject Delta takes control of a Little Sister later in the Cell Blocks of Outer Persephone , they see a statue depicting the way they treated Stanley Poole . If Delta has spared Stanley Poole , the latter will be kneeling before Delta , who in turn will be holding their hand in a show of mercy . If Delta took revenge upon Stanley , Delta will appear to be choking them with one hand .
Audio Diaries Edit
BioShock 2 Edit
Gallery Edit
Concept Art and Models Edit
Concept art of Stanley Poole . Concept art of Stanley Poole , wearing a Hawaiian shirt . Concept art of Stanley Poole , wearing a waist coat and tie . Face study of Stanley Poole . Stanley 's Alternative , more sick looking , body texture ( in front of a skybox ) . Stanley Poole as a 3D model . Stanley Poole 's statue in Outer Persephone if the player spares their life . Stanley Poole 's statue in Outer Persephone if the player kills him .
Add an image to this gallery
In-Game Images Edit
Behind the Scenes Edit
In one of the original concepts for Stanley , they would have worn a Hawaiian shirt , as stated in this quote by Colin Fix , Senior Character Concept Artist , 2K Marin , from the Deco Devolution artbook : `` We had some challenges with the BioShock 2 characters , especially with appropriate costumes . We would do a lot of research but sometimes things would n't quite fit , like Dermot had an earlier version of Stanley in a swanky Hawaiian shirt that was in the time period , but it felt out of place in Rapture . It felt really modern even though it wasn't. ``
BioShock 2 `` If the player chooses to kill Stanley , and uses Winter Blast to do so , Stanley will shatter instantly , without the use of a weapon or melee attack , and will leave behind a Lockbox . A single sting from Insect Swarm will kill him . Even being hit with Hypnotize will kill Stanley .
Bill Lobley , Stanley 's voice actor , also provides the voice of Jeremiah Fink in BioShock Infinite and Burial at Sea - Episode 2 .
and . In a removed audio diary it is shown that Stanley was supposed to be Grace Holloway 's husband . [ 9 ]
The Dagens Nyheter newspaper recently revealed that the police have designated a special code , R291 , for incidents involving asylum seekers and refugees , allowing them to keep tabs on how last autumn 's record influx of asylum seekers into the country has affected their work .
According to SvD 's collation of all R291 cases , police have been called out to no fewer than 559 registered assaults , 450 fights , 194 cases of violent threats , 58 fires , two bomb threats , nine robberies and four rapes , all involving recently arrived asylum seekers .
“ The unrest in asylum accommodation is something that requires more and more of us , ” Sweden 's police commissioner Dan Eliasson told SvD after the figures were released . “ I am concerned about these developments . I fear that there may be even more trouble , I think the trend points in that direction . If we analyze this carefully , there is an increasing problem . ”
As well as the violent crimes , there were 37 cases of attempted suicide , 42 cases of people reported as “ mentally ill ” , 96 missing persons , and three deaths .
Eliasson said the pressure on the Swedish authorities , and the experiences of newly arrived migrants was a recipe for unrest .
“ There is a difficult accommodation situation for many people , it 's crowded , some people bring with them the baggage of traumatic events . There can be various disagreements between the groups . ”
The the Swedish police 's National Operations Department ( NOA ) introduced the code in October at the peak of Sweden 's refugee crisis when as many as 10,000 new asylum seekers were registering in the country every week .
At the time police saw a surge in the number of call-outs to crimes of violence , arson and intimidation at asylum centres .
The code coveres all cases “ involving migrant situation ” , including cases where asylum seekers are victims or perpetrators of crimes .
CLOSE As soon as the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on gay marriage , Tiffany Brosh and Laurin Locke headed to the Hinds County Courthouse in Jackson to get a marriage license . Here is what happened . C. Todd Sherman / The Clarion-Ledger
Couples Duane Smith , 40 , left , and Knol Aust , 39 , of Jackson , Miss. , greet couple Laurin Locke , 24 , second from right and their partner Tiffany Brosh , 26 , of Pearl , Miss. , as they wait to apply for marriage licenses at the Hinds County Courthouse in Jackson , Miss. , Friday , June 26 , 2015 , moments of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that legalizes gay marriage nationwide . The couples were the first two to apply . However , Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood says same-sex marriages can not take place immediately in the state , and Hood , a Democrat , said a federal appeals court in New Orleans must first lift a hold on a gay-marriage court case from Mississippi . They said they do n't know how long that could take . And so the licenses are currently on hold . ( AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis ) ( Photo : Rogelio V. Solis , AP )
Same-sex couples in every state now have the right to legally marry after the Supreme Court issued a decision essentially legalizing gay marriage on Friday .
The Supreme Court 's ruling paved the way for same-sex marriage in every state , but an advisement by Attorney General Jim Hood temporarily delayed many Mississippi couples ' plans .
While gay marriage advocates celebrated and couples visited courthouses across the state , many licenses were delayed after the attorney general issued a statement advising clerks hold off on issuing licenses . Hood cited legal technicalities in the federal lawsuit and said licenses would n't be issued until the stay , or hold , on an order issued by U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves overturning the marriage bans is lifted .
The Hattiesburg American reported at least two same-sex couples were issued licenses in Forrest County , though the status of their licenses is not clear .
The nation 's highest court ruled in a 5-4 decision that state bans on same-sex marriages , such as the one Mississippi has , violate the U.S. Constitution . The ruling also means Mississippi must recognize the marriages of same-sex couples performed in other states where gay marriage is legal .
The ruling settles several ongoing cases in other states , including Mississippi , where the state appealed Reeves ' ruling that overturned the state 's same-sex marriage ban . The ruling came in a lawsuit challenging the state 's ban filed by two same-sex couples from Mississippi last year .
The lead attorney in the Mississippi lawsuit filed a motion late Friday afternoon encouraging the court to immediately lift the stay of Reeves ' order invalidating the state 's prohibition on gay marriage so same-sex marriage licenses may move forward in the state .
`` Thousands of gay couples will continue to be irreparably injured by being deprived of their constitutional right to marry , a right that has now been recognized and endorsed by the Supreme Court of the United States in Obergefell , '' the motion stated .
The filing also noted that the Texas district court lifted a stay it had imposed in a similar set of circumstances .
`` There is no reason that Appellees in Mississippi should be subject to a stay while the identically-situated plaintiffs in Texas are not . ''
Justice Anthony Kennedy , who authored the last three major rulings advancing the cause of gay marriage , wrote the opinion in Obergefell v. Hodges .
`` No union is more profound than marriage , for it embodies the highest ideals of love , fidelity , devotion , sacrifice , and family . In forming a marital union , two people become something greater than they once were , '' Justice Kennedy wrote in the last paragraph of the opinion . `` ... It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage . ... They ask for equal dignity in the eyes of the law . The Constitution grants them that right . ''
Rob Hill , the director of the Mississippi Human Rights Campaign , said Friday 's ruling `` makes perfectly clear there 's no legal or moral justification for standing in the path of marriage equality . ''
They continued to say state and local officials should follow through on the law .
`` It is essential that our state and county officials in Mississippi act swiftly to ensure that every obstacle to obtaining a marriage license is removed . To do anything less is a shameful attempt to cement this state on the wrong side of history , '' Hill said .
Many in the Republican leadership , however , decried the ruling , calling it an overreach of the federal government and the courts . One prominent state legislator , House Judiciary Chairman Andy Gipson , R-Braxton , said one option being considered is for the state to get out of the marriage business altogether .
`` One of the options that other states have looked at is removing the state marriage license requirement , '' they said . `` We will be researching what options there are . ''
The conservative Tupelo-based American Family Association issued a statement in which AFA president Tim Wildman condemned the court 's decision , saying it `` rejects not only thousands of years or time-honored marriage but also the rule of law in the United States . ''
`` Sadly , our nation 's highest Court , which should be a symbol of justice , has chosen instead to be a tool of tyranny , elevating judicial will above the will of the people , '' Wildmon said in the statement . `` There is no doubt that this morning 's ruling will imperil religious liberty in America , as individuals of faith who uphold time-honored marriage and choose not to advocate for same-sex unions will now be viewed as extremists . ''
The AG 's direction to circuit clerks was criticized by Rob McDuff , a Jackson attorney representing the Mississippi plaintiffs in the federal lawsuit , and constitutional law expert Matt Steffey , a law professor at Mississippi College 's law school .
`` The AG is just wrong , '' Steffey said. `` … As soon as the Supreme Court mandate issues , then it 's the law of the land . If a clerk refuses to issue a license to a same-sex couple they 're subject to being sued for violation of that person 's civil rights . ''
Hood 's office later issued another statement , saying it was `` not standing in the way of the Supreme Court 's decision . We simply want to inform our citizens of the procedure that takes effect after this ruling … When the 5th Circuit lifts the stay of Judge Reeves ' order , it will become effective in Mississippi and circuit clerks will be required to issue same-sex marriage licenses . ''
It is not clear when the stay will be lifted . It could take days or weeks , according to Hood .
Meanwhile , the move by Hood left many couples disappointed .
Celeste Swain and their partner , Bobbi Gray , of Gulfport were the first to arrive at the circuit clerk 's office in Harrison County .
Swain said after filling out some paperwork , they were called back over to the desk and told there would be a waiting period according to the attorney general .
`` We 're pretty deflated , '' said Swain , who waited at the courthouse until around noon hoping something might change . `` I 'm looking at Mississippi wanting to wave the 'Hi , we 're in last place ' flag again . Alabama is issuing licenses , Tennessee ... I 'm sort of speechless . ''
Two same-sex couples at the Hinds County Courthouse had already deposited their license fees and were filling out forms when Circuit Clerk Barbara Dunn delivered the news of the attorney general 's statement to a packed room .
Buy Photo Carla Webb ( left ) and partner Jocelyn Pritchett hug after the gay marriage ruling by the Supreme Court during a gathering Friday at Pritchett 's home in Jackson . ( Photo : Rick Guy/The Clarion-Ledger )
Laurin Locke and their partner Tiffany Brosh of Rankin County , one of those two couples , were disappointed their application was voided .
`` It was almost expected , '' said Brosh , `` but we 're still happy and Mississippi will still have to comply . ''
Contact Kate Royals at ( 601 ) 360-4619 or kroyals @ gannett.com . Follow @ KRRoyals on Twitter .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.thec-l.com/1LzH18N
1/4 When General Mills When General Mills announced last May that it was investing serious money ( think millions ) in Kite Hill , beloved for its artisanal vegan , almond-based cheeses and yogurts , it turned more than just a few heads . ( This is , after all , the same company that scooped up Annie 's , Larabar , and Epic . ) A few weeks later , Treeline Treenut Cheese—another delicious dairy-free option ( this one featuring cashew as its base ) —let it slip to Well+Good that its offerings would start rolling out in 1,200 Kroger stores nationwide this fall . Even Daiya , the more-processed vegan brand best known for its shredded and sliced dairy-free “ cheddar ” and “ mozzarella ” options , is doing so well that this year it expanded way beyond the cheese aisle , launching everything from frozen pizza to dressing . Could all of this growth be a sign that vegan cheese is about to go mainstream ? Sure , upscale vegan restaurants like Blossom and Candle79 have been offering dairy-free ricottas and cremas on their menus for years , but never has getting your hands on a wheel of plant-based brie been so easy . The trajectory should n't come as a surprise—after all , almond milk is so ubiquitous that even Starbucks acquiesced and added it to its menu—but what else is driving mainstream big-wigs to invest in the idea that nut-based , dairy-free fromages are about to hit the big-time ? Here are three reasons why you can expect to start seeing vegan cheeses among your traditional bries and ricottas very soon . Get Started
2/4 Reason # 1 : Vegan cheeses can be way easier to digest Even diehard dairy cheese lovers know that overdoing it with queso might lead to some pretty uncomfortable digestive issues—and that 's not even talking about the significant percentage of the population that has trouble with lactose . ( Roughly 65 percent , according to some estimates . ) Gas , bloating , and other not-so-awesome symptoms can crop up after you , well , cut the cheese . Indeed , Michaela Grob—owner of the year-old Brooklyn vegan cheese shop Riverdel ( yes , really ) —says gastrointestinal ickiness is one of the main reasons why newbies find their way to their store . “ They do n't have a lactose intolerance per se , but they find cow 's milk cheeses harder to digest , ” they say . “ They tell me they feel so much better if they eat a nut cheese instead . ”
3/4 Reason # 2 : It 's cheese-with-benefits Most people are n't driven to eat cheese because they think it 's super-good for them , but vegan cheeses do have benefits . In addition to almond milk-based or cashew offerings , many brands are experimenting with main ingredients like macadamia nuts , hazelnuts , and hemp seeds—all rich in good-for-you vitamins , minerals , and fatty acids like omega-3s . And if you 're worried about missing out on the gut-friendly goodness that dairy cheese offers , rest assured that some plant-based brands ( like Treeline ) add in probiotic-rich acidophilus . That said , not all vegan cheeses are created equal . Although many brands have very clean ingredient lists , others are still highly processed . A good real of thumb ? If you do n't immediately recognize all of the ingredients on a label , skip it .
Pitching at the sweltering Seibu Dome against the Seibu Lions that night , Tanaka , who had not won in a month , gave up six runs and 10 hits . Six of those hits came in succession in the sixth inning before they were removed .
Then , on Aug. 26 , while Tanaka was warming up before their next start , against the Nippon Ham Fighters , they were visited in the bullpen by Senichi Hoshino , the Golden Eagles ' manager and an excellent pitcher for the Chunichi Dragons during their playing career .
According to reports from Japanese news outlets at the time , Hoshino told Tanaka : “ If I had your pitches , I could have won 30 wins . Your pitching now is so soft . If you stay like that , nobody will feel fear against you . ”
The sobering message was received . Tanaka went out and pitched 10 scoreless innings in a 1-0 victory , throwing 112 pitches . It was the first win in a 30-0 regular season streak that has endured for 610 days . ( His only loss during that stretch came against the Yomiuri Giants in Game 6 of the Japan Series in October when they threw 160 pitches . But they bounced back the next night to earn the save in the deciding Game 7 . ) During the last 20 months , even some of the best pitchers in baseball have taken their lumps . The Los Angeles Dodgers ' Clayton Kershaw has lost 12 regular-season games since Aug. 19 , 2012 . The Detroit Tigers ' Max Scherzer has lost five , and their teammate Justin Verlander has been beaten 14 times . The Yankees ' C. C. Sabathia has lost 18 games .
Those pitchers were working solely in Major League Baseball , while Tanaka built their record almost entirely in Japan , which is accepted as an inferior hitting league . But whether it is in Japan , Venezuela , Class AAA or Little League , 30-0 is amazing .
The man accused of gunning down two RCMP officers near Killam , Alta. , in February has been ordered by the court to stay away from members of an anti-government group known as the Freemen .
Sawyer Robison , 27 , was released from the Edmonton Remand Centre around 6:10 p.m. MT on Friday after they were granted bail earlier this week . Robison , whose long hair has recently been shorn , refused comment . They got into a waiting car which sped away .
According to the judge 's release order , Robison must have `` no association with any individuals who publicly declare themselves to be Freemen on the Land . ''
The Freemen are described as a relatively new anti-government group , with an estimated 30,000 sympathizers in Canada .
The judge 's order also states that Robison must live with family friends on their farm in Flagstaff County , where they must follow a curfew of 9 p.m. to 5 a.m .
Police can check on them at any time . They will have 15 minutes to present themselves to officers and their hands must be in the air .
The order also prohibits them from going into the towns of Killam or Sedgewick .
Robison is charged with two counts of attempted murder and 15 weapons charges in the shooting of RCMP constables Sheldon Shah and Sidney Gaudette on Feb. 7 .
In order to be released , Robison must post $ 100,000 bail with $ 10,000 provided in cash . The rest of the amount is through security provided by their parents ' farm .
Why the judge granted bail and the reasons for the conditions in the release order are covered by a publication ban .
Australia 's largest telco Telstra has made its case for a 7.2 percent hike in wholesale charges across its fixed-line services , arguing that its costs will rise as a result of the churn of users off its network and onto the NBN .
In a submission [ pdf ] to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission 's inquiry into pricing for the declared fixed line services , Telstra claimed that although some of its fixed line costs could be cut as uptake of the NBN accelerates and more users are switched off copper , the decline in costs would not match the decline in demand .
“ The transition to the NBN will significantly accelerate the decline in demand for fixed line network services and impact on the cost of operating our network , '' the telco argued . `` As most of Telstra 's network costs are fixed , it is inevitable that if the number of people who use the network declined the cost per user would rise . `` ... [ this ] will mean that current regulated fixed line service prices will have to increase – in nominal terms – to provide Telstra with a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs over the regulatory period . ''
The telco told the ACCC it expects demand for fixed-line services to fall by 62 percent by FY2019 , and it should therefore be able to slap a one-off 7.2 percent increase to its wholesale prices for fixed-line services .
The 7.2 percent increase would deliver `` real price stability '' over the next four years , Telstra said .
But rival telco Optus rebuked Telstra 's argument and implored the ACCC to take into account the payments Telstra receives to migrate users off copper and onto the NBN when setting fixed-line prices .
In its own submission [ pdf ] , Optus stated that many of Telstra 's assets that the telco uses to provide retail and wholesale services are also accessed - and paid for - by NBN Co , meaning a `` very real risk '' that Telstra could be overcompensated for the provision of fixed-line services .
Optus rejected Telstra 's argument that decline in demand would not be equal to the decline in costs , arguing that the drivers of the demand decline were largely within Telstra 's control .
It asked the ACCC to err towards lower access prices in order to `` improve competition in the fixed line market '' and to ensure lower end user prices in the transition to the NBN .
The Department of Communications backed Telstra 's argument that NBN Co payments for access to Telstra infrastructure were `` irrelevant '' to determining Telstra 's costs and setting wholesale prices .
“ Payments by NBN Co to Telstra are generally irrelevant to the ACCC 's determination of [ fixed line service ] FLS access prices because the costs these payments relate to are not included in the cost of FLSs provided by Telstra . “ Consequently , the costs of the Telstra assets used by NBN Co should be recovered separately from NBN Co ( unregulated sale or lease proceedings ) , and the costs of the assets used to provide FLSs should be recovered separately from the access seekers that use the FLSs. ” - Department of Communications submission to the ACCC
The department did not directly support Telstra 's push for a 7.2 percent price increase , but warned of `` unintended consequences '' if pricing was unstable , as well as the dangers of setting prices too low .
“ Price differentials that favour legacy networks could delay migration , and mislead consumers about the prices they should expect to pay for broadband going forward ... retail providers may also be encouraged to attempt to delay the transition with a view to seeking higher margins by using the legacy network . ''
The ACCC opened consultation on its method for setting the primary prices included in the final access determinations ( FADs ) for the seven declared fixed line services earlier this year .
A Florida man claims that their girlfriend asphyxiated while performing oral sex on him , and wants to show a judge and jury the supposed murder “ weapon , ” as proof of their innocence .
Margate resident Richard Henry Patterson , 65 , reportedly made the ballsy request on May 1 , according to Metro , during early deliberations in the second-degree murder case of Francisca Marquinez , Patterson 's 60-year-old girlfriend , who was discovered dead inside of their home in October of 2015 .
Since that time , Patterson has owned the fact that Francisca died by their own actions , but stated that it was literally never by their own hand .
null
“ [ The accused ] admitted from the start that they choked their girlfriend on Oct. 28 , 2015 , ” the Sun Sentinel details , “ but they never said how . ”
Patterson 's attorney , Ken Padowitz , is noted as making the strange bedfellow-type of request on behalf of their client , and says that it could be the biggest defense in helping Patterson beat their murder rap .
“ While their [ disrobing ] request is unusual , ” the Sun Sentinel goes on to say of Patterson 's oral sex excuse , “ Padowitz says that it is key to their argument , which they called a variation on the ‘ rough sex ' defense that has been used in numerous [ murder ] trials across the country over the years . ”
A man accused of choking their girlfriend to death says that oral sex led to their accidental murder -- and they want to show their penis off to prove it . [ Image by Juliasv/iStock ]
However , as one might suspect , the consensual sex move rarely works in getting criminals off — legally speaking , that is .
Defense lawyer Joyce David , a Brooklyn-based attorney who used an alternate take of the controversial legal maneuver that Patterson is now looking to use , remarked that the true battle of using such a defense is to stand by it wholeheartedly , even when the assumed backlash is at a fever pitch .
“ The backlash is something you need to get in front of during the jury selection process , ” they admitted .
Nonetheless , despite their confidence , David also acknowledged that it worked just as well for them as it did with others who played the tricky hand , so to speak , in the sense that it did n't help them much at all .
“ David 's client in a 2009 case was accused of raping a woman and killing them The defense was that the woman died during rough sex play with someone else [ and ] that their client had nothing to do with it . The jury rejected them argument . ”
If the mature-themed claim from Patterson is accepted , then their nude act will purportedly take place in what Padowitz says is the most intimate of settings , with only a handful of necessary voyeurs in attendance .
“ Padowitz requested that it happen [ somewhere ] outside of public view , ” the court decree notes , “ with only Broward Circuit Judge Michael Ian Rothschild , lawyers , a bailiff , the jury and [ Patterson ] present . ”
Marquinez 's son , on the other hand , sees the push to put Patterson 's penis into the open as being completely unnecessary .
null
“ It 's a desperate man trying a desperate tactic , ” Omar Andrade , 41 , of New York , tells the Sun Sentinel .
“ He 's just trying to get off the hook [ of my mother 's death ] . ”
Incidentally , a neighbor from Martinez 's Royal Palm Garden complex , Eddie Pathik , relayed a tale from their Portuguese-speaking wife that may destroy Patterson 's supposed oral sex murder defense .
“ Two days before they died , they were arguing , shouting at each other , ” Mrs. Pathik proclaimed .
“ She was trying to break off the relationship . ”
Additionally , once Martinez was said to have died , Patterson apparently reached out to Padowitz , their lawyer , first before being told by their counsel to reach out to police .
Judge Rothschild has until May 15 , the start of Patterson 's trial , to accept the defendant 's request that oral sex may have murdered Ms. Marquinez and , by association , allow Patterson to publicly provide a glimpse of their private parts .
[ Featured Image by Broward Sheriff 's Office ]
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As a thoughtful starting place , do n't refer to the object of your affection as a bitch ; that 's actually not as complimentary as conventional wisdom would have us believe . `` Bitch '' carries a lot of hurtful connotations that are persistent holdovers from a patriarchal society bent on keeping women down by associating anything that is inherently female with anything that is negative ( someone who is weak is colloquially described as a pussy [ female genitalia ] , while someone who is confident and dominant is colloquially described as cocky [ male genitalia ] ) . By mentally linking strong women with bitches , you simultaneously dismiss their strength and reduce their humanity by equating them with dogs ; you make them immediately less than . And that 's no way to get your dick wet , am I right , boys ! ?
Photos.com
`` I 'm ashamed on behalf of my gender but super hard about being part of the solution . ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Instead , maybe play around with some thoughtful nicknames that are more specific to her , a nickname that can only belong to them because it is born of your unique relationship and your intimate understanding of each other . Or if nicknames are n't really your thing , it is highly likely that they will also be fine with you referring to them by their name . `` Barbara '' if their name is Barbara , or `` Sue '' if she 's the type of girl whose parents named them Sue .
But do n't get hung up on nicknames , because the key here is respect , and there are a lot of other subtle ways to make your woman think you respect them When they get home from work , chances are she 'll want to tell you about their day . The trick here is to -- and this is going to sound crazy in how simple it is -- listen to her , much in the same way you listen to your male friends or the characters you most relate to on your television . Listen and then respond thoughtfully ; if you see a solution to one of their problems , offer it , but if it 's clear that she 'd rather just vent for the sake of venting , give them a comfortable and supportive place in which to do that . Remember what they say , too , and the specific dynamics between them and their co-workers , as this will help trick them into thinking you 've been paying attention . It sounds too good to be true , but if you make sure you listen to , understand , and respect your woman for just a few several years , you will have them convinced that you actually respect them It 's that easy . Once you 've fooled them into thinking you respect them as a person , step two is to just continue to do that for the rest of your lives together and then strap in , because the next station stop is East Fuckhampton , Boobsylvania , where you will be getting down with your loved one every single night , except the nights where you just sort of get tangled together and watch Netflix because one of you is feeling farty and because Orange Is the New Black is ohmygod SO GOOD .
About
Ever since we dipped our toes in the mud with Road to Knoxville , Road to Eldora and World of Outlaws Sprintcars for PlayStation2 , XBOX 360 and PlayStation 3 , Big Ant Studios have received a ton of positive feedback and encouragement from all over the dirt racing community in the United States , Canada and Australia .
Our previously successful racing games
Now it 's time to follow it up by creating the next generation dirt oval racing videogame . We know there is a huge base of dedicated fans who deserve an updated dirt racing platform . But no publisher in the world will back us with the resources that we need to do this genre justice with the levels of polish and features that it deserves . This has to be a community project and it 's up to YOU . We bring the tech , you bring the knowledge and enthusiasm .
Dirt racing driven by customization - this is YOUR game
Big Ant Dirt Track Racing will be a toolbox of customization for all racing equipment , venues , vehicles and characters . Every backer can grab the wheel to control the direction of the game through our Dirt Community . Once on board , you will be able to play pre-release features of the game through regular Steam PC updates . Community polls and discussions will drive design decisions , vehicle handling choices and tool features so the game is just how you want it to be .
We are already invested in the project , check out our announcement at the track during the World Series Sprintcars round 4 :
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
Not only are we directly working with the fans , we 've partnered up with some of the biggest and best names on dirt . Key groups in the virtual dirt racing community are also on board to make sure that we get the features of the game correct :
Mark Bracken and others from Ratbag Games , creators of the famed Dirt Track Racing series on PC are acting as consultants , advising on the physics and handling which are so crucial to the sport .
TeamVLR will oversee the Multiplayer and Online Career feature sets with their vast knowledge of online dirt racing competition .
DirtworksDesigns , creators of the most up-to-date and accurate PC dirt racing mods , are contributing expertise and assets .
Many more real-world partners are to be announced , check out some of the official organisations already involved :
Some of the partners already working with Big Ant Studios
And we 're looking to add more ! Please get in contact if you are the owner of a dirt racing company interested in working with us to ensure the most authentic experience on dirt .
Funding and Feature Unlocks
We 've set the bar low at $ 266,000 where this game can become a reality . But that wo n't cut it for the most sought after features like late models and 30 player online racing . For those stretch goals , we need as many dirt racing fans to get involved , so we can see how far we can take this !
Base Package , the “ Short Block ” $ 266,000
Shipping on PC Steam , PlayStation4 & Xbox One
Driver Academy – Create , yourself or your favorite driver , edit , rate and share your creation with the community
Race Control – Setup the events , series , teams and graphics that will feature in the career and casual modes of the game
Promotions – Export forum banners , avatars and wallpaper using your drivers and a current 410 sprint cars
Venue Editor – Create the atmosphere of your local dirt track by using the stadium builder and prop library to set the scene for the race of your dreams
Track Editor – All aspects of the racing surface are configurable . Change cushion , berm , moisture and clay content , turns , banking , geometry , it 's all up to you
Vehicle Dynamics – Take to the track in a 410ci current model sprintcar for test laps . Create , share and choose physics so the car handles how you want it .
Livery Editor – Take a base coat of paint and add up to 256 layers of patterns and downloadable details to get your rig looking just right
Race Suit and Helmet Editor – Place decals , badges , patches and sponsors for the perfect team uniform . Share your creations online with other racers
Casual Fun – Customize your venue , track and vehicle dynamics in a single event . Race against a field of AI , up to four multiplayer opponents
Single Player Career Opportunity – Start your career with a brand new race team . Assume driver , manager or crew roles across championship series to take your team to the big leagues over multiple years . Manage your sponsors , chassis , parts and skill to maximize your earning potential
Dynamic Racing - Full time-of-day and weather transitions , simulated tire wear , dynamic track conditions from tacky to slick , wind and aerodynamics modelling bring out the true nature of the sport
Virtual Dirt - Support for sim racing peripherals , 900 degree steering wheel support and virtual reality hardware integration on PC including the Oculus Rift and Steam VR
Racing Essentials $ 392,500
30 Player Online Multiplayer – ‘ Nuff said . Full console and PC support for a track full of real competitors via high quality dedicated servers
Spectator Sport – Spectate in online events , have control over camera angles and record replays . Rate and comment in real time on the performance of drivers and teams online
All Inclusive – Create , edit , share and download female drivers , crew and officials
Multi-monitor surround support for PC Steam releases
Connected Career $ 510,000
Play cooperatively and competitively with friends and rivals throughout your career in 5 different and dynamic roles :
Team Owners build the race team , set budgets for the season , negotiating contracts with sponsors , drivers and crew
Drivers are in the hotseat , every thought and action will make you responsible for earning or burning the time , effort and cash put in by your team
Car Chiefs are responsible for working with the driver during a race to dial in the perfect setup for dynamic track conditions
Crew Chiefs set the schedule for race teams , assign testing sessions , buy and sell all parts for the race team
Crew perform interactive mechanical maintenance throughout the race weekend . Tire siping , part maintenance and engine tuning all have nuanced interactions that will ensure or destroy the reliability of your race car
Late Models $ 570,000
Licensed Dirt Late Model Chassis – Provided with multiple engine and chassis makes , real world manufacturers and customizable bodywork panels that support livery and setup editing
Divisions – Author and share late model rules to create custom modified racing divisions . Choose tire , wing and engine limitations or put it all on the table with Late Model Unlimited racing
Late Model Series and Events – Unlocked for career , online and casual play . Additional chassis create more varied options for casual , career and multiplayer modes
Midgets & Specials $ 650,000
Special Features - Support for special events that fall outside of a race series , included as options in career and casual seasons . Choose from a specific race formats , music and special effects
Midget and Quarter Midget Sprint – Two separate Chassis for the price of one with differing pick up points and tire sizes
Divisions – Separate midgets into limited , super and unlimited by various engine and chassis specifications
Midget Series and Events – Unlocked for career , online and casual play . Applies to special events , make your own superbowl !
Additional Chassis – Utilize midget and special events to create a more dynamic career mode . Race teams are able to start from humble beginnings , climbing from the bottom all the way to big purse competition
Stock and Wingless $ 830,000
Street Stock – Pick from two similar manufacturers , chassis and engine choices for stock racing
Customizable Divisions – Set up the rules and parameters for Super Stocks and Sportsman type competitions
Wingless Chassis – Create options for racing the 410ci chassis without the aluminum courage
Limited 350ci Class – For Open Wheel Sprintcars supported in career and online modes
Running Commentary $ 887,000
Live Commentary – An officially sanctioned race caller giving the full rundown before , during and after each race . Commentators react to all race events , provide historical data about official tracks and events and competition on the track
Online Race Calling – Supported on dedicated servers . Have a real expert just for your race series make the calls , live
Your Name Here – All backer reward tiers involving custom commentary names for drivers and race teams will be recorded in relaxed and excited tones for official calling
Companion App $ 1,150,000
Manage your race team anywhere with an official Android and iPhone/iPad app . Schedule your participation in multiplayer and connected career races at any time
Perform all actions in the Connected Career stretch goal from your phone in the lead-up to each race or during the race weekend
Change your setup in response to dynamic weather and track conditions reported in the app
Tractor Pull $ 1,200,000
Full Pull – Race over the straightaways of any dirt oval against AI or multiplayer opponents
Beast Mode – Choose from stock or multi-engined tractor competition , matching the conditions of the sled and track
Test and Tune – Tweak and control fuel injection maps , ignition curves and drive setups before each pull to gain the advantage over your competitors
Light Show – Push too hard and watch the fireworks with massive explosions as head bolts let go , drivelines explode and conrods fly while the crowd goes wild
Dirt Track Mogul $ 1,500,000
The signal 10 typhoons was the worst storm in the city since 2012
Chow Yun-Fat has been spotted in Hong Kong helping clean up the aftermath of Typhoon Hato .
Yesterday 's typhoon , named Typhoon Hato , reached a maximum signal level of 10 . It was the worst storm Hong Kong as seen since Typhoon Vicente in 2012 .
Most took refuge in their homes , sealing their windows with tape to avoid the devastating storm that reached 207 kmph . Trees were uprooted and debris was caught in the gusts of winds .
Hong Kong Observatory reported water levels at 3.6m recorded at Quarry Bay .
Of course , many stayed indoors to avoid adverse weather . However , some have ventured out to clean up the city . One of these unsung heroes was none other than movie star Chow Yun-Fat .
In a picture posted to Instagram , a fan posted a picture with the actor under the caption : “ I met Chow Yun Fat who was helping to remove a fallen tree blocking the road during the typhoon . Please be careful ! ”
Apple Daily reports that the 62-year-old actor was returning home when they encountered the road obstruction in Kowloon and decided to get out of their car and help to clear the road .
Prep Time : 2 hours
Cook Time : 25 minutes
The first time I made pita bread , I fell in love . It was wonderful , soft , crispy . The simple flat dough puffs up and makes little pockets perfect for stuffing with some flavorful veggies . The following recipe could be a quick lunch on the go , an afternoon snack , crowd-pleasing party food , and/or even a nice dinner . You can prepare most of it in advance , and assemble at the last minute . Enjoy !
Pita bread :
Ingredients
1 cup warm water
2 teaspoons dry yeast
2 ½ - 3 cups Spelt flour
2 teaspoons salt
1-2 teaspoons olive oil
Directions
Place dry ingredients into the bowl of your mixer , attach it with the dough hook and set on medium speed and add the water with the oil . Knead for about 7-10 minutes . Shape the dough into a ball and brush it with some oil all over . Let the dough rise in a warm place for at least an hour , covered with plastic wrap . Once it 's at least doubled in size , you can punch out the air , wrap it in cling foil or something similar , and store it in the refrigerator for up to a week ( you can use single portions at a time with this method ) . If using right away ; place on a floured surface and cut into eight parts . Roll each piece out in a circular shape . Keep turning it and add small amounts of flour so it does n't stick to your work surface . Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and warm up the oven to 375 F. Bake for 15 minutes . If you bake on the middle rack , they usually come out light in color . If you bake them half of the time on the top oven rack and half on the bottom rack , however , they will turn a nice warm brown , and be much crispier . The longer you bake them , the crispier they get .
Broccoli Dumplings , ( gluten free ) :
Ingredients
1 head of broccoli ( or two if smaller ) , cut into florets
4 tablespoons polenta
3 tablespoons corn starch
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon turmeric
1 pinch black pepper
3 ( or more ) tablespoons buckwheat flour
2 tablespoons olive oil
Directions
Cook the broccoli until soft , but still firm . Drain it and mash with a potato masher . Add the rest of the ingredients one by one , and stir well after each addition to incorporate . Taste and adjust if necessary . The mixture will be soft and moist but should hold it 's form . Add more buckwheat flour if you feel that it is needed . Shape into small sized balls ( about a tablespoon ) and sear them in a pan with a little bit of olive oil . Cook them over medium heat for a few minutes on each side . If you have any leftover ( raw ) you can freeze them and use them at a later time .
To assemble these cuties --
Cut up some colorful veggies ( I used red onion , carrot , and Swiss chard ) .
Cut the pita breads in half , and spread them apart to make little pockets . ( I used some hummus I had on hand to spread it in the pita bread , but any vegan spread or dressing you like would do fine . )
Fill the pita pockets with vegetables and broccoli dumplings and serve .
Note : A slightly acidic dressing would go great with this .
Fun fact ? These are also wonderful cold . Enjoy !
For filmmakers anywhere in the world
Sam Burn as Cat Matt Taylor as Mouse Samantha Nemeth as Doreen Palmer Brian Grilo as Det . Bot Mike Mildon as Det . Crimsey
Full Cast Character List Sam Burn as Cat Matt Taylor as Mouse Samantha Nemeth as Doreen Palmer Brian Grilo as Det . Bot Mike Mildon as Det . Crimsey
Summary : Two star-crossed soon to be homeless idiots , devise the perfect plan to bring home the cheddar .
Line : Clear everything out , everything .
Warning : In order to signup you must accept the Terms and Conditions . Close
Remove Photo ? Are you sure you want to remove your selected photo ? Yes No
Remove Show Reel ? Are you sure you want to remove selected Show Reel ? Yes No
Close
Success Okay , got it
Error Okay , got it
Failed ! Something went wrong , please try again . Okay , got it
Confirm Okay , got it
Processing
We are sorry but your session has timed out !
In order to perform selected action you must login . Okay , got it
Close Members World Map
In order to vote please login .
Not a 48 Pro member yet ? Login as 48PRO Become a 48PRO
The Jets ended a cross-country , 2 ½-week search for a head coach by hiring someone who grew up just minutes from their training center in Florham Park , N.J .
The Jets officially named Todd Bowles , a 51-year-old from Elizabeth , as their new head coach Wednesday . The Jets chose Bowles after two interviews in the last week .
They have hired the anti-Rex Ryan . Bowles brings a quiet demeanor , who is liked by their players but also not afraid to discipline them . The Jets believe they will be someone who can unify a franchise that was fractured over the past two years .
Despite a public perception Quinn was the favorite , a source said Bowles was just as popular , if not more . After the first round of interviews , the Jets ' desire was to interview both Bowles and Quinn again . To that end , the Jets were prepared to fly to Seattle on Saturday night if the Seahawks lost to the Panthers in the playoffs . They were not definitely going to offer them the job . Instead , they wanted to talk to them again . When the Seahawks won to advance to this week 's NFC Championship Game , that plan ended .
If the Jets wanted to wait to talk to Quinn again , it would not happen until after the NFC Championship Game , at the earliest . If the Seahawks were to defeat the Packers on Sunday , the Jets would not be able to offer them the job until after the Super Bowl .
With the Falcons and other teams also interested in Bowles , the Jets lined up a second interview with them for Tuesday . Owner Woody Johnson , team president Neil Glat and consultants Charley Casserly and Ron Wolf had been impressed with Bowles in the first interview Jan. 7 .
In the second interview , new general manager Mike Maccagnan got to meet Bowles . A group of Bowles , Maccagnan , Johnson , Casserly and Wolf went to dinner that night . At one point , Maccagnan and Bowles were left alone . Maccagnan came away convinced Bowles was the right choice , and the two sides agreed on a four-year deal worth a little more than $ 16 million .
Bowles will work with Maccagnan to try to revive a Jets organization that has not made the playoffs or had a winning record since 2010 .
“ It 's an honor and privilege to coach the Jets , ” Bowles said in a statement from the team . “ I want to thank Mr. Johnson and Mike Maccagnan for this opportunity . I ca n't help but be humbled by the chance to coach this team . I am going to do everything I can to build a consistent winner . ”
Johnson was impressed with Bowles ' record .
“ From entering the league as an undrafted free agent in Washington to becoming a very successful coordinator in Arizona , ” Johnson said , “ Todd has earned everything they have achieved . They are a hard-working and dedicated leader who has garnered the respect of players and coaches . I am confident that Todd and Mike Maccagnan are the right combination to lead this team . ”
With Bowles coming to the Jets , Quinn is the favorite to get the Falcons job , and Atlanta is willing to wait for him , according to an ESPN report .
Sources said Bowles ' approach of being something between an players ' coach and a disciplinarian appealed to the team . They felt players would play hard for him , but would also be held accountable , something that was lacking under Ryan .
The Jets also liked Bowles ' ideas about putting together a coaching staff . Bowles wants to hire former Bills and Cowboys coach Chan Gailey as their offensive coordinator , according to a source . They also are expected to hire Dolphins defensive line coach Kacy Rodgers as their defensive coordinator , according to a source .
Bowles , 51 , was considered one of the top head-coaching candidates on the market . They spent the past two seasons in Arizona , where the Cardinals were fifth in scoring defense this year .
“ I think he 's going to be a great head coach , ” Cardinals defensive end Calais Campbell said in a telephone interview Wednesday . “ They have all the tangibles . He 's smart . They know how to put their talent in position to win . He 's a natural leader . People want to follow them because they do it the right way consistently . I 'm excited for them to see how well they do . ”
The Cardinals ' defense had to overcome injuries and suspensions to some key players this past season . Bowles ' adaptability is something that impressed the Jets .
“ I think that 's what makes them a great coach , ” Campbell said . “ He knows what their players do well and they put them in position to do well . They know if what an outside linebacker 's strengths are and he 'll put them in those situations to excel and try to keep them out of situations where they will struggle . ”
Campbell supported the Jets ' view that Bowles will put their foot down when they need to .
“ He yells rarely but they will get after you , especially when the energy is low , ” Campbell said . “ He 'll get on you real quick . As long as you have good energy and you make mistakes , he 'll fix them , but if you do n't have good energy , he 'll get after you real quick . They definitely have a fire behind them when they need to . ”
Rex Ryan insists he 's not yet counting out Tyrod Taylor for Sunday 's showdown with the Cincinnati Bengals .
NFL on Yahoo !
Watch with the world as the Buffalo Bills take on the Jacksonville Jaguars in the first ever free global NFL live stream on October 25 at 9.30 a.m . ET . The game is available across Yahoo on your phone , tablet , laptop , console or connected TV . For free ! Watch with the world as the Buffalo Bills take on the Jacksonville Jaguars in the first ever free global NFL live stream on October 25 at 9.30 a.m . ET . The game is available across Yahoo on your phone , tablet , laptop , console or connected TV . For free !
`` I would not rule out Tyrod Taylor as starting this week , '' Ryan told SiriusXM NFL Radio on Wednesday morning . `` Although I know it 's widely reported that that 's the case . We will see , that 's a possibility . I certainly would n't count Tyrod Taylor out . They did finish the game this past week . I can tell you this : He 's got heart , he 's got toughness and he 's got a lot of ability . I definitely would not rule them out . ''
On Wednesday , Taylor told reporters that they expect to start Sunday , saying `` that 's the plan . ''
On Tuesday , a source familiar with the injury told NFL Media that Taylor suffered an MCL injury last week and would be kept out of the Bengals game . Taylor will be re-evaluated next week , but they will not be able to play by Sunday .
Ryan 's optimism is likely just a bluster play from the head coach to either : a ) keep a flame of hope alive for their starting signal-caller ; or ( more likely ) b ) to keep the Bengals guessing . Rex loves playing the will-he-won't-he card , as he 's done with receiver Sammy Watkins the past two weeks .
Ryan later told reporters during a news conference that EJ Manuel would get the majority of practice reps Wednesday with Taylor not a full-go . Rex added that `` we have full confidence that ( Manuel will ) do the job '' if Taylor ca n't play .
The Bills signed veteran Josh Johnson this week as an emergency backup .
McCoy and Watkins both opened practice with the first-string offense , per Tyler Dunne of The Buffalo News .
`` I definitely should be out there Sunday whether I 'm hurt or not , '' Watkins told reporters Wednesday .
News of a leaked Home Office document on Britain 's EU immigration policy after Brexit caught me by surprise early on Tuesday morning . Before rushing off to work , I experienced the now all-too-familiar feeling of futile frustration and increasing disillusionment with a country that , while I was growing up in Denmark , I always admired and dreamed of living in .
The Tory fallacy : that migrants are taking British jobs and driving down wages | Vince Cable Read more
It is true . I am an EU migrant . It took me 25 years before I identified as one : my white , northern European appearance , easily pronounceable first name and generic English accent mean that for the most part I can move quietly through London unnoticed .
I arrived in the UK in 2009 to study for an MA in literature , planning to settle in the country afterwards . I came with good intentions . However , I decided to launch my bid at a new life at the height of the recession , and subsequently struggled ( as so many of my British fellow postgraduates did ) to find a footing in the job market . I floated between low-paying jobs and little-to-no-paying positions in start-up companies , while telling myself that I wanted to stay and make it work . Eventually I gravitated towards another MA . This time I chose to study British history – partly for better job opportunities and partly to indulge my interest in the politics and culture of the place that I had now lived in for four years . After 2013 , the recession finally seemed to be easing and I found work first as a researcher and subsequently as a copywriter .
Then , in late June 2016 , Brexit suddenly became a reality . As the shocking result morphed into “ Brexit means Brexit ” and “ No deal is better than a bad deal ” , the reality started to dawn on those of us helplessly caught in the crossfire . We were no longer welcome . Fellow migrants around me began to look for ways to become more British on paper , while others remained in a state of desperation , hoping that somehow a lasting future would still be possible in the country .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘ My passion for PG Wodehouse quips , Goon Show jokes and Britpop songs wo n't be considered of any value . ' Photograph : POPPERFOTO
What the leaked paper appears to suggest is that Brexit will see EU migrants treated as unwelcome , temporary visitors , hired to do a job for a set time before being asked to leave again . As a copywriter , I am not sure where this places me . I neither save jobs nor build bridges in my daily life , and I am fairly confident that despite paying in more in taxes than I take out , I will still be considered an undesirable immigrant . My passion for PG Wodehouse quips , Goon Show jokes and Britpop songs wo n't be considered of any value . Nor will my knowledge about British history and politics be deemed relevant to the Home Office ; they might send me a polite , passive-aggressive letter one fine post-Brexit day asking me to quietly leave the country .
My girlfriend , a fellow EU migrant – who , as a senior medical student , must face the further injustice of relentless NHS cuts – might be judged to be a more valuable asset to benefit “ existing residents ” . However , they too could ultimately be denied a future in this country – forcing them out after five years would mean the loss of their skillset , too .
It is the most vulnerable who will pay the price once the drawbridge to Europe is pulled up and the “ keep calm and keep out ” sign is put up . At a time when politicians can go from talking about the burden of a growing elderly population to decrying young and skilled immigrants for trying to settle in the country , with no understanding that the latter group could aid the former , it seems like us “ outsiders ” are simply used as a convenient scapegoat . We can only guess which of us will be the next to blame once the current government runs out of more socially acceptable targets .
• Martin Andersen is from Denmark and has spent the last eight years living , studying and working in London
In physics , the topological structure of spinfoam or spin foam consists of two-dimensional faces representing a configuration required by functional integration to obtain a Feynman 's path integral description of quantum gravity . Also , see loop quantum gravity .
Spin foam in loop quantum gravity [ edit ]
Covariant formulation of loop quantum gravity provides the best formulation of the dynamics of the theory of quantum gravity – a quantum field theory where the invariance under diffeomorphisms of general relativity applies . The resulting path integral represents a sum over all the possible configurations of spin foam. [ how ? ]
Spin network [ edit ]
A spin network is a one-dimensional graph , together with labels on its vertices and edges which encode aspects of a spatial geometry .
A spin network is defined as a diagram like the Feynman diagram which makes a basis of connections between the elements of a differentiable manifold for the Hilbert spaces defined over them , and for computations of amplitudes between two different hypersurfaces of the manifold . Any evolution of the spin network provides a spin foam over a manifold of one dimension higher than the dimensions of the corresponding spin network . [ clarification needed ] A spin foam is analogous to quantum history. [ why ? ]
Spacetime [ edit ]
Spin networks provide a language to describe the quantum geometry of space . Spin foam does the same job for spacetime .
Spacetime can be defined as a superposition of spin foams , which is a generalized Feynman diagram where instead of a graph , a higher-dimensional complex is used . In topology this sort of space is called a 2-complex . A spin foam is a particular type of 2-complex , with labels for vertices , edges and faces . The boundary of a spin foam is a spin network , just as in the theory of manifolds , where the boundary of an n-manifold is an ( n-1 ) -manifold .
In Loop Quantum Gravity , the present Spin Foam Theory has been inspired by the work of Ponzano–Regge model . The concept of a spin foam , although not called that at the time , was introduced in the paper `` A Step Toward Pregeometry I : Ponzano–Regge Spin Networks and the Origin of Spacetime Structure in Four Dimensions '' by Norman J. LaFave . In this paper , the concept of creating sandwiches of 4-geometry ( and local time scale ) from spin networks is described , along with the connection of these spin 4-geometry sandwiches to form paths of spin networks connecting given spin network boundaries ( spin foams ) . Quantization of the structure leads to a generalized Feynman path integral over connected paths of spin networks between spin network boundaries . This paper goes beyond much of the later work by showing how 4-geometry is already present in the seemingly three dimensional spin networks , how local time scales occur , and how the field equations and conservation laws are generated by simple consistency requirements . The idea was reintroduced in a 1997 paper [ 1 ] and later developed into the Barrett–Crane model . The formulation that is used nowadays is commonly called EPRL after the names of the authors of a series of seminal papers , [ 2 ] but the theory has also seen fundamental contributions from the work of many others , such as Laurent Freidel ( FK model ) and Jerzy Lewandowski ( KKL model ) .
Definition [ edit ]
The summary partition function for a spin foam model is
Z : = ∑ Γ w ( Γ ) [ ∑ j f , i e ∏ f A f ( j f ) ∏ e A e ( j f , i e ) ∏ v A v ( j f , i e ) ] { \displaystyle Z : =\sum _ { \Gamma } w ( \Gamma ) \left [ \sum _ { j_ { f } , i_ { e } } \prod _ { f } A_ { f } ( j_ { f } ) \prod _ { e } A_ { e } ( j_ { f } , i_ { e } ) \prod _ { v } A_ { v } ( j_ { f } , i_ { e } ) \right ] }
with :
a set of 2-complexes Γ { \displaystyle \Gamma } f { \displaystyle f } e { \displaystyle e } v { \displaystyle v } Γ { \displaystyle \Gamma } w ( Γ ) { \displaystyle w ( \Gamma ) }
a set of irreducible representations j { \displaystyle j } i { \displaystyle i }
a vertex amplitude A v ( j f , i e ) { \displaystyle A_ { v } ( j_ { f } , i_ { e } ) } A e ( j f , i e ) { \displaystyle A_ { e } ( j_ { f } , i_ { e } ) }
a face amplitude A f ( j f ) { \displaystyle A_ { f } ( j_ { f } ) } A f ( j f ) = dim ⁡ ( j f ) { \displaystyle A_ { f } ( j_ { f } ) =\dim ( j_ { f } ) }
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Justin Timberlake may be riding high , but there are a small number of people ( so far ) who are petitioning President Obama , Al Sharpton , and Loretta Lynch to hold Timberlake responsible for the cultural theft of the African-American community . The mission statement of the petition on Change.org is pretty harsh .
“ Justin Timberlake has made a career out of culturally appropriating their music , looks , and just about everything else from the black community . This should be a crime and it needs to stop . It 's okay for white artists to appreciate black music , but they should n't do black music . This is racism and white privilege out of control . “
Some of the people who have signed the petition are very angry .
“ It 's unfair that Justin is a success while so many Black artists fail , ” says Luis Gonzales of Bell Gardens , CA .
“ Justin Timberlake ruined Janet Jackson 's career by unveiling their top . Because of their white privilege , they did n't suffer any of the backlash , ” claims Aaron Jones of El Paso , TX .
“ Cultural appropriation gets worse every year and we need to call white artists out for it , ” responds Eric Perez of Los Angeles , CA .
Some people think Justin Timberlake is only successful because of the color of their skin . [ Photo by Michael Campanella/Getty Images ] Like many other white artists , Justin Timberlake 's alleged “ cultural appropriation ” has come under attack in the past few years . In 2013 , Colorlines wrote an essay about why they consider it a problem .
“ Yes , Timberlake has rightfully earned their place among modern pop music legends , but they also embody the historical mistrust that exists between white performers and black listeners that dates at least as far back as Elvis Presley 's 1950s foray into what was then called race music. “
Author Jamiliah King added that Justin Timberlake likely would n't have the musical freedom they enjoy without the very white music industry . However , they say that Justin themselves is n't responsible for this and should n't be blamed solely .
Joel Jenkins from Mused says we should n't let Justin Timberlake get away with their alleged appropriation .
“ Now I thought we were all being polite with this open secret but how can their performance not be seen for what it is ? It 's black . Just like their beat progressions , almost all of their band , vocalists and their ‘ call and response ' ad libs reflect the asupervisorstioned statement , ” Jenkins claims , before adding that black artists who do the same thing Justin does do n't get the same acclaim .
Some people in the comments section after the article disagree with Jenkins ' assessment .
“ Black artists cant win ? Michael Jackson seems to not have had a problem . Whitney Houston who to me personally was a bit overrated did extremely well . Prince did fabulous . I could go on but it wo n't be necessary , ” says Apollo26 .
“ You ca n't be serious with this . The ‘ white people appropriating black music ' ship sailed before I was born and , I 'd wager , before you were born too . It 's a little late to get shirty about it now . And since JT is not the first white musician to adopt black pop music , and I 'm hard pressed to believe he 'll be the last , why are they on the hook ? ” asks Jane Lane .
Some people think that Justin Timberlake is the latest victim of political correctness gone way too far . Others think the concept of “ cultural appropriation ” leads to segregation . Where do you stand on Justin Timberlake and their alleged cultural appropriation ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section .
[ Photo by Michael Campanella/Getty Images ]
News in Science
Mammals ' tusked ancestor roamed Australia
'Strange looking ' beast Scientists say rare fossils found in Tasmania 's south-east prove that an ancient species of prehistoric animal did exist throughout Australia .
The dicynodont was an early ancestor of modern-day mammals and lived about 250 million years ago .
Roughly the size of a cow , the plant-eating animal had two tusks and a horny beak .
Queensland Museum palaeontologist Dr Andrew Rozefelds says they lived on every continent , including Antarctica .
But until now , the only Australian specimen was found in Queensland almost 30 years ago .
They say it is surprising more remains have not been found , given the animal 's size .
`` There must be more material out there to be found , '' they say .
`` Obviously we 'd love to find more , because at the moment , [ of ] this entire group of animals called dicynodonts , there 's only about four bones known from Australia .
`` We 've got better fossil records from Antarctica for these animals than we have for Australia . ''
They describe the dicynodont as a bizarre-looking creature .
`` They 're a strange-looking beast , '' they say .
`` They had tusks at the front of their skull , which makes you think maybe they were a carnivore but in fact they were a plant eater .
`` They had slightly splayed legs , so their posture was quite different to say some of the modern mammals you see and they 're very , very distantly related to modern mammals . ''
Significant find
Bob and Penny Tyson discovered the bone fragments a few years ago when they were walking along the beach on the Tasman Peninsula .
Mr Tyson had gone for a walk along the rocky foreshore when they found some rare amphibian skulls .
They took a few photos of the fossils and then went back to the place where they were staying to get their wife .
They started looking closer to the waterline and found a fossilised tusk , right on the low tide mark , sitting in seaweed .
`` It was sitting on top of the rock surface , so all the surrounding rock had been worn away , '' says Mrs Tyson .
`` It was just sitting there waiting to be knocked off . ''
University of Tasmania sedimentologist Dr Stuart Ball , who dated the fossils , says the remains are from the early Triassic period .
They predate the dinosaurs by at least 30 million years .
They say it is likely floods washed the animals ' remains into billabongs , which is why only fragments have turned up .
Rozefelds says the latest find proves that not only did dicynodonts exist in Australia , but they may have survived here longer than anywhere else in the world .
They say scientists from places like China have been contacting them about the Tasmanian find .
`` We 're looking at animals that survived the Permian Triassic extinction , '' they say .
`` Now , most of the animal life on the planet was destroyed , it was exterminated . Yet these animals for some reason survived that extinction event and we do n't know why . ''
The research team 's findings have been published in the international Journal of Vertebrate Palaeontology .
The specimens are being stored at the Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery but are not yet on display .
Avalanche president and governor Josh Kroenke said they are optimistic that Colorado 's 20th anniversary season in 2015-16 will include hosting the Winter Classic or NHL Stadium Series game .
“ We have been working hard with the league and pushing the league quite hard to get an outdoor game , ” Kroenke said . “ We hope to get a positive answer on that in the very near future . That 's something that could be a distinct possibility for us , especially coinciding with the 20-year anniversary . ”
A stadium game would be played at Denver 's Coors Field , Sports Authority Field at Mile High or Folsom Field in Boulder , but Kroenke declined to speculate which venue is the leading candidate . They said having a college hockey game would be a natural fit for the event , as is the case with most Winter Classics or NHL Stadium Series .
The Avs open this season — Year 2 of the Joe Sakic/Patrick Roy era — Thursday at Minnesota . On Tuesday Kroenke sat between the two Hall of Famers at a news conference .
Kroenke doubts the Avs will match the 112 points and Central Division title they amassed last season but expects the team to be better prepared for the playoffs , where they were ousted in the first round .
“ My family is very excited about the growth that we saw our hockey club take last season , and we 're excited to keep building on it , ” Kroenke said . “ We 're excited to play some real games to where they actually count . After talking to these guys ( Sakic and Roy ) , they 're pleased with what they saw at different times . While our record did n't show it ( 1-5-2 in exhibition games ) , certain players took steps towards being better overall players . ”
Roy 's top two lines Tuesday again had center Matt Duchene with veteran wingers Alex Tanguay and Jarome Iginla , and with Ryan O'Reilly between Gabe Landeskog and Nathan MacKinnon . Those combinations were formed during Saturday 's 3-2 shootout victory against the Los Angeles Kings in Las Vegas .
“ That 's how we 're going to start Thursday , but do n't be surprised , we 're going to try a lot of things , ” Roy said . “ There 's so much talent , so much possibility with this group . We 're going to try ( different combinations ) for sure . ”
The Avs were outscored 22-10 in regulation and overtime in the preseason , but Sakic said that statistic should not be alarming .
“ I was very happy with the way the guys played in the preseason . We did n't play bad . Our record maybe does n't show it , but for the most part the guys had a good camp , ” Sakic said . “ We had trouble at times scoring goals , but the scoring chances were there , and with the guys we have on our team I 'm not worried about goal scoring . ”
One of Sakic 's primary goals during the offseason was to improve depth at forward and that has paid off . Center/wing John Mitchell has been plagued with migraines and has n't played an exhibition game , and forward Jesse Winchester is recovering from a concussion . Fourth-line enforcer Patrick Bordeleau had offseason back surgery .
Yet , the current third and fourth lines prove this is a competitive group of forwards .
“ When we have our full lineup together , we see a lot of good possibilities , and like Patrick said , there are a lot of different line combinations you can come up with , ” Sakic said .
Mike Chambers : mchambers @ denverpost.com or twitter.com/mikechambers
A look at Easter eggs found in this week 's episode of Arrow !
While we provided a pretty comprehensive recap of Arrow 's pilot episode last night , but there were plenty of Easter eggs and references to the comic book that we did n't touch upon . Luckily Arrow Annotations is here to help , providing some additional notes and background info from last night 's episode . While there 's not nearly as much to cover this week , the Arrow writers still threw plenty of little Easter eggs for readers . Arrow spoilers follow !
Marcus Redmond - Marcus Redmond , the guy who was stealing from the pension fund at the beginning of the episode , is a new character made up for the TV show . However , Redmond could refer to Dinah Redmond , Black Canary 's alias in the short-lived Birds of Prey . In the show , Redmond lacks any of Black Canary 's usual powers , but is instead a psychic and has precognitive abilities .
Vincent/Emily Nocenti - The last names of the victims this episode is a shout out to Ann Nocenti , the current writer of DC 's Green Arrow comic book series . Nocenti 's a prolific creator with a well-regarded run on Daredevil , and was the editor of Uncanny X-Men for a time as well . Them work often feature political themes , particularly women issues and animal rights issues .
Martin Somers - Martin Somers was briefly used as a secondary villain in Green Arrow # 31 . In the comics , Somers orders a hit on a lawyer prosecuting their company , Elevast , for illegally evicting residents who live at the proposed site of a hotel/retail center . The person they hire ? Constantine Drakon , who we met last week on Arrow . Of course , things go awry as the lawyer they want to kill happens to be dating Ollie AND is the niece of Jefferson Pierce , otherwise known as the superhero Black Lightning . After their niece is killed by Drakon , Pierce ends up killing Somers in revenge , a crime they later goes to prison for two years later .
The Queen 's Gambit - Here 's one I missed last week , but came up again this week . The Queen 's Gambit is the name of the Queen family 's yacht ( you know , the one that got blown up with Ollie and their dad aboard ) . The Queen 's Gambit is a chess strategy used to secure the middle of the board early in the game and aggressively attack an opponent 's pieces early in the game . In the comics , Oliver 's boat is named the Pacific Queen .
Ollie Being Dead - Just like in Arrow , this is n't the first time that Ollie 's had to get a death certificate revoked . In 1995 , Green Arrow sacrificed themselves to prevent a bomb from destroying Metropolis . Their body was completely disintegrated , leaving Superman as the only person who could confirm their death . Ollie would stay dead for five years , until they were brought back by Kevin Smith ( of Clerks fame ) in the acclaimed Green Arrow : Quiver storyline . Of course , that resurrection involved an omnipotent hero turned villain and soul shenanigans , but we 'll probably cover than another time .
China White - The main villain this issue , China White 's only appearance was in Andy Diggle 's Green Arrow : Year One . In the miniseries , China White is a heroin trafficker who operates on the island Ollie is marooned at . Over the course of the series , Ollie learns that he 's been unwittingly financing China White 's operation and that their traitorous bodyguard , Hackett , is one of their henchmen . Ollie takes down China 's operations armed only with a bow and a dozen arrows . Also , China White 's name is a slang term for heroin .
Trick Arrow - While technically not an arrow , Ollie 's gadgets make another appearance this episode , this time via a throwing knife that doubles as a voice recorder/player .
And here 's one that I missed last week :
Judge Grell - Judge Grell is a reference to Mike Grell , the writer behind Green Arrow : The Longbow Hunters . Longbow Hunters was a gamechanging run in Green Arrow and transformed the hero from a superhero to an urban hunter fighting normal criminals . It looks like Arrow 's taking a lot of cues from the Longbow Hunters , especially the urban hunter angle .
So that 's all the comic book references for this week , or at least the ones I caught . Join us next week as we break down Arrow 's ties to the comics !
Robert De Niro to play Vince Lombardi in movie
Legendary coach Vince Lombardi will be portrayed by Robert De Niro .
Academy Award-winning actor Robert De Niro is attached to play legendary coach Vince Lombardi in the theatrical motion picture `` Lombardi '' being developed by ESPN Films , Andell Entertainment and the NFL . Additionally , Academy Award-winning screenwriter Eric Roth ( Forrest Gump , The Good Shepherd ) has come on board the project , which will chronicle Lombardi during the years they transformed the Green Bay Packers from the worst team in the National Football League into five-time NFL champions .
`` Having an icon portray an icon on film is amazing , '' said Ron Semiao , senior vice president of ESPN Films , `` and with a writer as talented as Eric working on the script , the results could be magical for NFL fans . ''
Current plans call for the film 's release on the weekend between the AFC and NFC Conference Championships and the Super Bowl in 2012 .
`` There are few actors who could accurately portray the fire , passion and grit of Lombardi , '' said Charles Coplin , NFL 's vice president of programming , `` and we 're thrilled to have Robert De Niro on our team . ''
The story 's narrative arc spans from 1959 when Lombardi was given their first opportunity to be an NFL head coach , taking over the small-town Packers , then the worst team in the NFL , and runs through their transformation of a group of young , talented but undisciplined losers into five-time NFL champions . Also , the story highlights the long-standing rivalry that existed between Lombardi and legendary Dallas Cowboys coach Tom Landry , both of whom were assistants on the New York Giants team that lost the 1958 NFL Championship game .
Ajit Pai , the new chairperson of the FCC , does n't like the net neutrality rules enforced by the agency President Trump named them to lead . They voted against them as a commissioner in 2015 , and in a speech after Trump 's election said their days are numbered . But until this week , Pai has n't explained how they would go about reversing the rules . Now they appear to be staking their strategy to how much—or how little—broadband providers are spending to improve their networks . Current net neutrality rules , they seem ready to argue , will hold back a faster internet .
Net neutrality holds that internet providers should n't have the freedom to discriminate against particular sites or apps . Activists have worried for years that companies might create internet `` slow lanes '' that throttle particular content , as Comcast did with BitTorrent traffic in 2007 . The FCC banned such behavior with the Open Internet Order in 2015 . But doing so required reclassifying internet providers as `` common carriers '' —the same classification that allows the FCC to regulate telephone companies like utilities .
At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona this week , Pai suggested that the reclassification and resulting restrictions have hindered telecoms from investing in improved infrastructure . It 's a tricky game—advocates on both sides can make the numbers say what they want . But Pai 's gambit appears in part to hinge on convincing people that net neutrality , at least as currently enforced , will slow the spread of 5G , the next iteration of ultra-high speed wireless .
In 2014 , in response to a suit Verizon brought against the FCC , a federal court determined that because they were n't common carriers at the time , the FCC could n't stop internet providers from building slow lanes . Eliminate the common carrier classification and you eliminate today 's legally enforceable net neutrality rules as well . But the agency ca n't just vote to throw out the common carrier classification . Under previous chairperson Tom Wheeler , the agency successfully defended the reclassification in federal court . The law requires the FCC to explain just what has changed in the past two years to justify revoking its previous decision . Pai looks ready to argue that the decline in infrastructure spending justifies the reversal .
`` After the FCC embraced utility-style regulation , the United States experienced the first-ever decline in broadband investment outside of a recession , '' Pai said . `` In fact , broadband investment remains lower today than it was when the FCC changed course in 2015 . ''
According to a report by the industry group US Telecom , broadband infrastructure investment dipped from about $ 77 billion in 2014 to $ 76 billion in 2015 . The group has not yet released estimates for 2016 spending . But a 1.3 percent drop might not sway the court . Wheeler has noted that although investment dropped in 2015 , it remained higher than in previous years .
`` No side can point to a set of data and argue credibly that there 's clear evidence that net neutrality either did or did n't hurt investment , '' says Jan Dawson , an analyst at Jackdaw Research .
'After the FCC embraced utility-style regulation , the United States experienced the first-ever decline in broadband investment outside of a recession . ' Ajit Pai
Dawson points out that wireless providers would likely slow spending anyway as they finish deploying LTE , the current standard for high-speed wireless . At the same time , some home broadband providers , such as AT & T and CenturyLink , have shelled out for fiber-optic connections in some communities in recent years . Others , such as Verizon , meanwhile , have done little to upgrade their aging copper-based infrastructure . `` No investment decisions are made in a vacuum , and so any analysis that looks simply at total dollars spent is going to be making a lot of assumptions about what else might be affecting investment , '' they say .
Even the telcos are split on the issue . As Ars Technica notes , AT & T CEO Randall Stephenson recently blamed the Open Internet Order for suppressing investment , while Verizon CFO Matt Ellis said the company 's investment strategy does n't depend on changes in the regulatory regime .
Pai says their deregulatory strategy will help prepare the US for 5G . `` It 's not a forgone conclusion that we will fully realize this technological potential , '' they said in Barcelona . `` After all , building , maintaining , and upgrading broadband networks is expensive . '' In other words , he 's worried that if they do n't get rid of the Open Internet Order , carriers wo n't upgrade their infrastructure to 5G .
The wrinkle in that argument is that the big carriers will continue competing with each other , and any upstarts , regardless of whether the net neutrality rules are repealed . There 's little reason to think they wo n't continue investing in their networks so long as the field remains competitive . It looks like Pai is positioning themselves to take credit for a big increase in infrastructure spending that would happen with or without him .
Ultimately , the bigger threat to the Open Internet Order may come from Congress , where Republicans have been trying to kill it since before the FCC passed it . Pai does n't seem likely to wait around for them , even if that means making their case in court .
The Great Motoring Show Countdown of 2016 is finally over . After a year of anticipation , the ex–Top Gear trio of Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond , and James May premiered their new Amazon series , The Grand Tour , last Friday to stellar reviews . For fans of the old Gear , seeing them fool around and drive supercars again is surely a delight — as is the influx of Amazon 's money . ( The first episode 's sprawling opening sequence in California 's Mojave Desert was estimated to cost in the low millions . ) On a recent afternoon , Vulture sat down with May at the Classic Car Club Manhattan to discuss reinvention , where he 'd like to film next , and why everybody should chill out about the BBC .
How did you three decide that Amazon would be the best home for the new show ?
This is n't my forte , but we liked the new platform and we liked the streaming thing . Amazon was prepared to do it in such a way that they would give us a healthy budget , but they would also let us produce the show as our own entity . We formed a production company [ W. Chump and Sons ] to do it . So we had a budget , freedom to do it ourselves , and then we had to make a car show . Ca n't do much else , and it 's best that they leave it to us .
Did you field other offers ? I 'm sure there was a massive amount of interest .
We had a sort of gentleman 's agreement that whoever we decided to choose , we would n't reveal what the others were . But they were massive , massive organizations ! Brilliant !
What are the key differences between Amazon and the BBC ? Do you have more creative freedom now ?
It 's not really more “ creative freedom , ” to be honest . The BBC gave us almost complete freedom ; they rarely interfered unless we really stepped over the line . They did n't tell us what to do . There were a few basic house rules , but there are few rules at Amazon as well . You ca n't go completely mad and we would n't want to . We would n't want to do anything like incite riots or offend minority citizens or make distasteful jokes . We wo n't do anything nasty . We do n't swear and cuss a lot , because we police ourselves . We 're still doing what we 've always done . Behind the scenes is a bit more complicated , because we actually have to run the whole business right down to buying paper for the printer and paper clips . But obviously the three of us are n't doing that . We 'd be really bad at it . [ Laughs . ]
Jeff Bezos has said that the show is “ very , very , very expensive , ” and the sharp production quality attests to that . How were the traveling-tent studio and cinematic segments fleshed out ?
The cinematic element is that it 's in 4K , which makes all the difference , and also makes it a lot more difficult to do . You need more kits and people and there 's a huge amount of data , which has to be shipped back and makes the edit take longer . But the quality of the films are amazing mainly because we took with us quite a lot of the sound cameramen that we used to work with in the old days on Top Gear . Over the years , we 've been honed in with probably the best team in the world for filming cars and recording the sound of cars . It 's mainly down to them . A bit of it is 4K , but that in itself is just the tool . The tool does n't do the job . It 's the craftsperson who does the job , and we have the best picture and sound-craft people in the business .
And the tent ! The tent originally stemmed from some slightly mad idea that Jeremy had . We liked the idea that we would be a “ homeless car show ” rather than going to the same studio every week . And then we got this idea that we were a bit like Victorian explorers , and all of the very difficult fun they had mapping out the world back in the day . So once that idea took hold , we ran with it . But it turns out to be much more complicated than you imagine — because , of course , you need a big tent . Plus you need a hospitality tent , a support tent , a guest tent , and a technical tent for all of that 4K outside-broadcast type stuff . All the tents ! By the time you finish , you 've actually built a portable studio . It takes about a week to take apart , it 's unbelievable . It 's worth it , but it 's very complicated and I 'm afraid to say an easily expensive operation .
A worthy expense , I 'd say .
I 'd think so , yes . We 're probably over budget , but we do n't look at that . We do n't spend it on clothes .
You could n't take trademarked BBC names , such as the Stig . Did the BBC impede your production in any way that you did n't expect ?
We could n't obviously take the name Top Gear . We could n't have the Stig , the Cool Wall , Star in the Reasonably Priced Car , we could n't use our old track . But we did n't want to use any of those things . Even if we 'd been able to , we would 've still said , “ No , we 've done this thing before , let 's think differently. ” A lot of the stories of the BBC saying I ca n't use some of my catchphrases is all nonsense . They have n't tried to bully us in any way whatsoever . It 's all gentlemanly . It 's quite simple , really . The Stig belongs to the BBC , so we ca n't have it , no more than I can have the boots you 're wearing .
I do n't have any quarrel with the BBC . I still work for them ; I 'm just making a short series for them . They 're perfectly magnanimous about it . They got to invent their show , we reinvented ours . The rivalry is very healthy . I hope we 'll get to the point where instead of having one really great , big car show , there 'll be two .
You have 36 episodes planned for The Grand Tour . Are there any cities where you 're particularly keen to pitch the tent ?
We have n't decided the next 24 locations yet . I 'd quite like to film in Central Park . I think we have asked , but we 're not allowed to . We 'd like to put it in Hyde Park in London as well , but it 's either not allowed or too complicated or too expensive . Other places I 'd quite like to go to are South America . Mexico too . We 've done a lot of deserts , like in the first episode obviously , so it would be nice if we went somewhere very snowy . Asia and the Middle East would be great . We can even possibly do one in Australia or New Zealand , but we 'd have to plan that really well .
You have to film in Central Park ! We 'll get Bill de Blasio on the phone .
You make a good point . The other thing that 's more complicated than we thought , which is pretty interesting , is that you want to have a nice view out of the window . Sometimes it 's just very naturally beautiful like the desert , but sometimes , like we did one in Rotterdam , it 's the European cityscape . You 've also got to think about the time of year , which direction the tent is facing , what the sun is going to do as it comes straight through that big window , or else you ca n't film anything .
Let 's talk about that opening sequence in the Mojave Desert .
Very expensive ! [ Laughs . ]
I was going to say , lots of reports on the cost .
The price is going up with every report , but yes , it was very expensive .
What was it like filming that ? Did you get it all in one take ?
It 's one of those fun television storytelling things that you do for real , and then you go back and film other bits like the wheels of cars or clouds of dust to piece the story together . So it 's more than one take , but in terms of how we drove through to convey of Mad Max cars , we did that in one go . And we got it right ! But when you 're actually in the car , you ca n't see a bloody thing . It 's terrifying . You have to make your way through the throngs of cars , and sometimes you get as close as inches away before you actually see anything . I 'm conflicted because I like being in deserts . I find them sort of cleansing , but there 's another part of me that hates dust . And I particularly hate dust in cars , so it 's a huge conflict going on there .
Calling the venue Burning Van was pretty amusing .
[ Laughs . ] That was one of those things where someone in the office said , “ Ho ho ho , we can call it Burning Van. ” And the next thing we knew , we 'd actually arranged a burning caravan to be there . That probably cost a bit of money as well . Spending our pocket money .
The Grand Tour has been in development for more than a year . Is it a relief to finally have the series out there ?
It is . We tried to tell ourselves that we were relaxed . We knew we had a certain amount that the fan base would be able to get the show on Amazon Prime . We knew we 'd be doing something fairly familiar . So there would have to be a pretty massive shift in the public perception of us and the tastes of our audience for it to be a complete failure . So I thought , logically , it must work . But it was still fantastic as the first episode starting streaming and we looked on the Twitter feed and saw all of these nice things coming through . I pressed the Twitter icon and I thought , shall I ? But it was all good .
Have you ever thought about your television legacy ? Or your greatest moments ?
[ Pauses . ] That 's an interesting question . Maybe from Top Gear it would be taking the Bugatti Veyron to its top speed , because that 's something that is n't impossible for much longer . But amongst stuff I 've done , there were things like a flight in the U-2 spy plane with the U.S. Air Force [ in “ James May at the Edge of Space ” ] . I was able to look at the curvature in the Earth and look down at California and the sea at over 70,000 feet . I 'd be quite happy if that was the only thing people have ever seen of me . I 'm amazed it 's lasted as long as it has . I feel like I may have gotten quite old , and a little bit of me thinks that I 'm too old to do this type of thing . But I 'm very grateful that I 'm still allowed to do it . I got into it just thinking , Oh , television , maybe I 'll have a go at that . I could 've never imagined that it would get to this .
This interview has been edited and condensed .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/10UHI
— A Jack Britt High School student accepted a plea deal to reduce felony charges of sexual exploitation and will now serve a probation sentence , according to court documents .
Cormega Copening , 17 , faced five felony charges of sexual exploitation for exchanging explicit pictures with their girlfriend , Brianna Benson . Both were 16 at the time .
Copening was also charged with one misdemeanor count of injury to personal property for a separate incident . The 17-year-old was accused of throwing a football that broke a girl 's windshield after a confrontation .
They agreed to a plea deal on two counts of disseminating harmful material to minors , while the other charges were voluntarily dismissed , according to court documents . They will now serve probation for one year and is banned from carrying a cell phone .
Officials said Copening and Benson received the same deal . Both will qualify to have the charges expunged if they complete the probation .
The Fayetteville native and quarterback for the Buccaneers was reinstated for the team 's Friday night matchup against Scotland High School . They did not start the game but entered in the second quarter , according to a team official .
Copening was benched on Aug. 21 until their legal issues were resolved .
New York Needs To Prepare For Severe Climate Change-Related Storms Now
New York City might not be the concrete jungle where dreams are made in the near future . At least , not if climate change has its way .
A New York state government report has warned climate change could lead to intense Irene-like storms within a couple of decades , putting a third of New York City streets underwater and flooding tunnels in less than an hour .
Rising sea levels as a result of climate change would dangerously expose lower Manhattan to floods during major storms . “ The risks and the impacts are huge , ” said Art DeGaetano , climate scientist at Cornell University and author of the ClimAID study . “ Clearly areas of the city that are currently inhabited will be uninhabitable with the rising of the sea . ”
The report , issued by the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority , said storms would also greatly affect subway tunnels , as well as LaGuardia and Kennedy airports , both sitting at sea level . The business districts are also in the lowest areas of the city , at the highest risk . These extreme weather patterns could come into play as soon as the next 10-20 years .
Manhattan and Long Island sea level could rise up to 10 inches , and by 2050 , it could reach 2.5 feet if current conditions stay the same . Storm surges could put transportation systems out for over a month .
The report has been in the making for 2 years , as a way to help New York state government take precautions now in order to prevent danger , should extreme weather occur . It 's also a way to factor climate change into planning for water , transportation and sewage systems , three integral parts of New York City infrastructure .
According to DeGaetano , climate change will eventually force governments to begin rethinking their infrastructure plans . New York mayor Michael Bloomberg has become so concerned with climate change , they commissioned another detailed study of the city .
Floods are n't the only thing New Yorkers have to worry about , either . They could also face average temperature rises of up to 5 degrees Fahrenheit by mid-century , even up by as much as 9 degrees by 2080 . Warmer temperatures mean power shortages during the summer , black-outs , and risk of heat stroke for those with no air conditioning . Hotter temperatures would also impact the state 's wine and agricultural industries .
Similar warnings have been issued to the city of London as well . Do you think these warnings and reports sent to larger cities will impact how cities around the world choose to operate over the next couple of decades ?
Via Guardian
Feature image CC licensed by Anthony Quintano : Storm moving over New York City
Satellite image courtesy of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center : Hurricane Irene Reaches New York City
The “ ber ” months are upon us and there is no perfect time to work on how to look one 's best at all those upcoming reunions than now . Our faces and necks can not help but show the effects of time and gravity . Besides wearing head-turning clothes and that perfect smile , look years younger without looking “ done ” with the help of The Skin Specialist . The skin care clinic is one of the first to offer Ulthera for men and women , considered the gold standard for non-surgical facelifts . Patients need only one treatment to look younger . Results are still visible after a year 's time following the procedure , but since the skin continues to age , yearly touch-up treatments are advised to help keep pace with the aging process . Newer anti-aging treatments are coming out in the market but Ulthera remains the most sought-after procedure as it is the only USFDA-approved treatment for lifting and tightening skin on the face and neck . Of course , beautiful , natural-looking results would depend on the hand performing the cosmetic procedure . It is a good thing The Skin Specialist founder , Dr. Jean Marquez , FPDS has an eye for beauty to match their technical expertise . Face the crowd minus sags and drooping eyelids without going under the knife . Now is the best time for the procedure — two to three months ahead of all those holiday happenings . The Skin Specialist is located at the ground floor of ESNA building , 30 Timog Ave. , Quezon City with contact numbers 374-8087 or ( 0917 ) 810-1319 .
Pearls of the Orient
Hailed as the Queen of Gems , pearls have enamored both women and men throughout the centuries . Mysterious and captivating , even Queen Margherita of Italy considered them their lucky charms . For French-Filipino luxury brand Jewelmer Joaillerie , the pearl is the very symbol of the Philippines . Led by Jewelmer Joaillerie executive vice president and deputy CEO Jacques Christophe Branellec , senior vice president and creative director Gaelle Branellec , and executive marketing manager Tricie Legarda , this luxury brand has been cultivating golden South Sea pearls in their farms in Southern Palawan for over three decades . Known as the Philippines ' national gem , and with a luster reminiscent of the warm and welcoming smiles of the Filipino people , the golden South Sea pearl captures the very spirit of the country where it originates . The pearl 's innate beauty has become an inspiration for Jewelmer 's team of designers and master craftsmen to create exquisite jewelry that has caught the eye of many pearl aficionados across the world . These priceless strands are available in select Jewelmer Joaillerie boutiques nationwide . For information , visit www.jewelmer.com .
Singapore 's fireworks
Hugo Lozano and their wife Chat Fores-Lozano ( first and second from left ) treated their mom , Beng Fores and aunt , Minerva Tanseco to a long holiday in Singapore . The couple also brought their cute children , Rocco and Patrice , to complete the bonding experience . Here they are seen enjoying the view and fireworks in the Lion City , proving that nothing compares to spending quality time with family .
Club Bulakeño goes Edwardian London
The much-awaited anniversary ball of Club Bulakeño is on Nov. 12 , 6 p.m. at the Rizal Ballroom of Makati Shangri-La Hotel . With the theme “ The Royal Ascot , ” guests are expected to channel their inner Eliza Doolittle and Professor Henry Higgins set against the backdrop of scenic Edwardian London . Founded 28 years ago and led by lawyer and Club Bulakeño gentleman president Jimmy Buhain and lady president Milo Bondoc , Club Bulakeño provides livelihood assistance , disaster relief operations , medical and dental missions , scholarship programs to deserving graduating from college students of Bulacan State University , and many other projects to help and improve the quality of life of the less fortunate Bulakeños . For ticket inquiries , call 0917-790-7044 .
Compatible with iOS 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11partial compatibility with iOS 8 - 11 ( can change artwork for songs with existing artwork ) CoverArtExplorer is the first app that lets you choose the cover art for albums , artists and songs in the music library on your iPhone , iPad or iPod touch . Simply select the item art you want to change ( or select multiple items to change at once ) and then select an image from your photo album or choose it from an in-app Google image search . You can even delete artwork you do n't want to have anymore . This app works with music from iTunes match as well as music imported with the popular music importing apps in Cydia ( including those using Gremlin like AudioExplorer+ ) , as well as music from iTunes ( purchased on-device or synced ) . It can even change artwork for videos , podcasts and audiobooks . It does n't matter if the item already has artwork or never had any artwork.As this is an app and not a tweak , it runs without any dependencies and therefore is very stable . It has been tested by diligent beta testers running different devices and iOS versions . The app even works in the iOS Simulator ! As there is a problem in iOS 7 with Cydia apps showing up in Springboard after install , please restart ( not only respring ) your device if you ca n't find the app after installing . In other words , “ have you tried turning it off and on again ” ? Please note that unless the item you 've changed is going to sync back anyway ( for example , with Gremlin ) , artwork changes do not appear in iTunes ( you may also need to adjust some sync settings to stop iTunes from erasing the changes upon syncing , or use selective sync or even turn off music syncing ) . Also be aware that there are individual images for albums , artists and songs and that you may need to change each individually , or changing one may automatically change the others.This app is free to try out . If you like it , please purchase a license . This will also remove the ads in the app
See larger Screenshots below ..
By Keith Coffman
DENVER ( Reuters ) - The city of Colorado Springs has agreed to provide restitution to dozens of poor people wrongfully jailed because they could not afford to pay fines they incurred for petty infractions such as loitering or panhandling , attorneys said on Thursday .
The settlement calls for the city to pay each of some 60 named individuals $ 125 for every day they spent locked up under a since-repealed ordinance that allowed incarceration of offenders who failed to pay fines for otherwise non-jailable offenses .
The deal , providing for an estimated total payout of about $ 100,000 , was announced in separate statements by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and Colorado 's second-largest city .
The case grew out of an ACLU study last year finding that despite the outlawing of so-called debtor prisons , judges in the city of 440,000 routinely converted fines into jail sentences , said Mark Silverstein , legal director of the group 's Colorado chapter .
`` We hope today 's settlement sends a loud and clear message to municipal courts throughout the state to stop using jail or the threat of jail to collect debts from persons who are too poor to pay , '' Silverstein said in a statement .
The settlement heads off a potential lawsuit against the city over so-called “ pay-or-serve ” sentences that have been the source of litigation in other states .
In October , the ACLU sued the city of Biloxi , Mississippi , in federal court over the issue , accusing the city of employing debtors prisons as an “ illegal revenue generation scheme ” that targeted the poor .
Last March , the U.S. Justice Department said it would issue federal guidelines for municipalities on the issue after finding the city of Ferguson , Missouri - the St. Louis suburb convulsed in 2014 by a white police officer 's fatal shooting of an unarmed black teen - made widespread use of the practice .
One of the indigent Colorado Springs offenders , Shawn Hardman , was sentenced to jail on four occasions after they were unable to pay fines for panhandling citations .
“ I was trapped in a cell that it seemed like I could never get out of , ” Hardman said in an ACLU statement . “ I was told over and over that I either had to pay or go back to jail . I was homeless and jobless , so the cycle kept repeating . ”
Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers , the state 's former attorney general , said the city halted the practice last year after reviewing results of the ACLU study and will work to educate prosecutors and judges about the policy .
( Editing by Steve Gorman )
The top five teams remained unchanged from last week in ESPN 's NFL Power Rankings for Week 5 .
Houston , Atlanta , Baltimore , San Francisco and Arizona are all coming off victories . New England inched up into the sixth spot after putting up 52 points on Buffalo .
Dan Graziano , Ashley Fox and I offered thoughts on which of the top teams might have the hardest time maintaining their elite stats . You 'll find those in the video accompanying this item .
I 've gone through our five ballots -- those for Graziano , Fox , Jamison Hensley , John Clayton and me -- from a different angle . Instead of focusing on stability at the top , I 've singled out the most volatile teams :
Minnesota Vikings : They 've ranked anywhere from 31st ( Week 1 ) to 14th ( this week ) . Clayton ranked them seventh . We 're not quite sure what to make of a team that follows a defeat by Indianapolis with victories over San Francisco and Detroit .
Seattle Seahawks : They ranked only 26th after losing to Arizona in the opener . Consecutive victories over Dallas and Green Bay pushed Seattle up to No . 10 , but the Seahawks were back down to 17th this week after losing at St. Louis . They 're 0-2 in the NFC West and 2-0 outside of it .
Arizona Cardinals : NFC West teams are 9-3 outside the division and 8-0 at home . The Cardinals lead the way at 4-0 after some suggested they might be the worst team in the NFL this season ( and you know who you are ) . They 've ranked anywhere from 20th after Week 1 to fifth the past two weeks .
New Orleans Saints : They 're down to 28th in each of the past two weeks after opening the season at No . 13 .
Detroit , Kansas City , Atlanta , St. Louis and Washington also have seen at least 10 spots separate their highest and lowest rankings this season .
And now , a closer look at the rankings for this week :
Falling ( 12 ) : Seattle Seahawks ( -7 ) , New York Jets ( -6 ) , New York Giants ( -4 ) , Dallas Cowboys ( -3 ) , Detroit Lions ( -2 ) , Buffalo Bills ( -2 ) , Tampa Bay Buccaneers ( -2 ) , Oakland Raiders ( -2 ) , Green Bay Packers ( -1 ) , Carolina Panthers ( -1 ) , Tennessee Titans ( -1 ) , Kansas City Chiefs ( -1 ) .
Rising ( 10 ) : Minnesota Vikings ( +7 ) , St. Louis Rams ( +6 ) , Washington Redskins ( +4 ) , Cincinnati Bengals ( +3 ) , Miami Dolphins ( +3 ) , New England Patriots ( +2 ) , Philadelphia Eagles ( +2 ) , Chicago Bears ( +2 ) , San Diego Chargers ( +2 ) , Denver Broncos ( +1 ) .
Unchanged ( 10 ) : Houston Texans , Atlanta Falcons , Baltimore Ravens , San Francisco 49ers , Arizona Cardinals , Pittsburgh Steelers , New Orleans Saints , Jacksonville Jaguars , Indianapolis Colts , Cleveland Browns .
Deadlocked : We broke two ties this week . Philadelphia edged Green Bay for the seventh spot based on the second tiebreaker , overall record . San Diego prevailed over Cincinnati for the 11th spot on the fourth and final tiebreaker , which team was ranked higher previously .
Like minds : All five voters ranked Cleveland last . Four of five ranked Houston first and Atlanta second .
Agree to disagree : Eight teams generated gaps of at least eight spots between highest and lowest votes . Minnesota was the most divisive team . The Vikings are 3-1 and have beaten San Francisco and Detroit , both playoff teams from last season .
A look at all teams generating high-low disparities of at least eight spots in the rankings :
Vikings ( 12 ) : Clayton ranked them seventh , higher than any other voter ranked them . Graziano ranked them 19th , lower than any other voter ranked them .
Saints ( 11 ) : Graziano 20th , Hensley 31st .
Giants ( 9 ) : Graziano sixth , Clayton 15th .
Seahawks ( 9 ) : Clayton 11th , Fox 20th .
Lions ( 9 ) : Graziano 16th , Hensley 25th .
Packers ( 8 ) : Graziano fourth , Clayton 12th .
Redskins ( 8 ) : Fox 15th , Clayton 23rd .
Buccaneers ( 8 ) : Clayton 19th , Fox 27th .
Power Rankings histories : These colorful layered graphs show where each NFL team has ranked every week since the 2002 season .
Ranking the divisions : Teams from the NFC West ranked 11.2 on average , helping the division maintain its status as the highest-ranked of the eight . Teams from the NFC East ranked 12.7 on average , followed by teams from the NFC North ( 13.0 ) , AFC North ( 15.8 ) , NFC South ( 18.6 ) , AFC East ( 19.3 ) , AFC West ( 20.0 ) and AFC South ( 21.6 ) .
Our divisional bloggers on the panel -- Dan Graziano , Jamison Hensley and me -- had at various times ranked teams from our divisions higher than the other voters had ranked them . Those gaps have closed or disappeared .
Graziano ranked NFC East teams 11.25 on average , same as Ashley Fox ranked them . Hensley ranked AFC North teams lower on average than three other panelists ranked them . I ranked NFC West teams at 10.25 on average . Clayton had them at 10.5 . Hensley , who forecast the Cardinals as NFC West champs in their preseason predictions , had NFC West teams at 10.75 on average .
A voter-by-voter look at changes of at least six spots since last week :
Sando : Cowboys ( -7 ) , Seahawks ( -6 ) , Dolphins ( +6 ) , Vikings ( +9 ) .
Clayton : Jets ( -6 ) , Bengals ( +6 ) , Chargers ( +6 ) , Vikings ( +15 ) .
Graziano : none .
Hensley : Cowboys ( -6 ) , Seahawks ( -6 ) , Vikings ( +6 ) , Rams ( +6 ) , Redskins ( +10 ) .
Fox : Giants ( -8 ) , Seahawks ( -8 ) , Rams ( +6 ) , Redskins ( +6 ) , Vikings ( +9 ) .
For download : An Excel file -- available here -- showing how each voter voted this week and in past weeks .
The file includes a `` powerflaws '' sheet pointing out potential flaws in voters ' thinking by showing how many higher-ranked opponents each team defeated this season .
For example , Baltimore outranks Philadelphia even though the Eagles defeated the Ravens .
A quick primer on the `` powerflaws '' sheet :
If you 're an older American — or expect to be someday — and you are n't wealthy , you may have concluded that the Republican Party is at war with you . If so , you 're not wrong . Republicans are pushing proposals that protect and expand the wealth of the wealthy at the expense of the elderly . ( The disabled , working people , and the poor are also targets . )
Some progressives are troubled by metaphors of war . But this assault will claim lives , through hunger and inadequate medical care . Not every wealthy person supports it , of course , but those who do have plenty of Republican footsoldiers in Washington .
The motive , to a large extent , is tax avoidance . Taxes in the US are actually low compared with other countries , especially for the wealthy and corporations . But Republicans , including Donald Trump , want to cut them even more — especially for the wealthy and corporations . ( Many middle-class Americans would actually pay more under Trump 's plan . ) The Republican push for “ entitlement ” cuts should be seen in that light : as an attempt to further enrich the wealthiest few at the expense of the elderly and disabled .
This war on the elderly has two primary fronts : Medicare and Social Security . As a candidate , Donald Trump distinguished themselves from other Republicans by insisting that they did n't want to cut either one . Once elected , however , Trump nominated rabidly anti-Medicare partisan Tom Price to become Secretary of Health and Human Services . That was widely taken as a sign that Trump intends to join forces with House Speaker Paul Ryan in Ryan 's long-held ambition to abolish Medicare .
About that phrase , “ abolish Medicare ” — Republicans and their journalistic enablers take exception to that description , so let 's be precise : Republicans want to shut down the insurance program known as Medicare . Instead , they would issue vouchers for purchasing private health insurance – a program they would call “ Medicare. ” ( That seems a little like addressing your current spouse by your ex 's name , but maybe that 's just me . )
Those vouchers would soon be worth much less than Medicare 's current coverage , because their value would rise much more slowly than actual health care costs ( which increased dramatically last year ) .
Do n't worry , say Republicans . Free-market competition will fix that . Unfortunately , there 's very little competition in a market that is increasingly concentrated in the hands of a few powerful players .
Democrats are relishing the Medicare fight , as well they should . Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Bernie Sanders , and other Congressional Democrats held a press conference about it last week . “ Hands off Medicare ! ” is a good rallying cry , and Pelosi seemed to enjoy leading the crowd in chanting it .
Sanders went on the offensive . “ Our job is to expand Social Security , ” they said , “ not cut it . Our job is to improve Medicare , not to cut it . ”
He 's right . After decades of growing inequality , these programs – already modest in global terms – do need to be expanded . The American people know that through lived experience . Added Sanders :
“ We are not going to allow the billionaire class , or Trump , or anybody else to cut the benefits that the elderly , the disabled , and disabled vets depend on . ”
While rhetoric about “ the billionaire class ” makes a lot of people in Washington uncomfortable , it is both rhetorically effective and factually correct . 16,000 people in this country own as much wealth as 80 percent of the population . 0.1 percent of the population – that 's one person in a thousand – reportedly holds as much of our nation 's wealth as 90 percent .
Inequality has n't been this bad since the 1930s . As a result , many Americans are entering retirement with little or no savings . Moreover , retirees have been plunged into greater financial insecurity by the corporate trend away from pension plans – a trend that was also driven by the self-interest of the “ billionaire class . ”
Sanders also said , “ We want to take on the pharmaceutical industry whose greed is hurting millions of Americans . ”
Many in that class also hold investments in for-profit health corporations , which is probably why supposedly thrifty Republicans resist any cost-saving reforms that might crimp these companies ' earnings . Some are Big Pharma corporations . Others run hospitals , pharmacies , and even physician offices . These entities have driven up the cost of healthcare , including Medicare and Medicaid , without incurring the ire of the supposedly cost-conscious right .
Nor have Republicans forgotten about Social Security . Last week a senior Republican in Congress , Rep. Sam Johnson , unveiled the most ambitious anti-Social Security program since the GOP 's 2005 privatization attempt . Johnson 's proposal slashes benefits , without asking the wealthy to pay a nickel more in taxes . In fact , it actually gives them a tax cut .
Unless we do something , the problems of the elderly will only get worse . 6.4 million people seeking full-time employment are trapped in part-time work , and will be increasingly vulnerable as they grow old . Our nation 's loss of upward mobility means future generations of Americans will enter old age with even less financial security than their struggling forebears .
“ A life of dignity until somebody leaves this earth is deserved and earned , ” Rep. Tony Cárdenas said at last week 's press conference . Dignity , health , and security are endangered by this war on the elderly — a war that must be resisted , in Rep. Cárdenas ' words , “ in Congress and on the streets of America . ”
Each year , radon kills more people than home fires , drowning , falls or drunk driving . It takes some 21,000 lives annually , and is the No . 1 cause of lung cancer in nonsmokers .
Even though there are plenty of ways to decrease exposure to the radioactive element that results from the decay of uranium , many people are n't aware of their risk or options .
Because radon is naturally present in soil , rock and water , everyone is exposed to at least low levels of it in the air we breathe . Some areas have soil with higher concentrations than others . When radon is released into enclosed structures – such as modern homes with higher-energy efficiency and less ventilation – the levels can become dangerous .
“ The degree of radioactivity causes DNA damage and cancer , ” said Dr. Jennifer Toth , director of interventional pulmonology at Penn State Hershey . “ It is a colorless , odorless , intangible thing that creates a cumulative effect . ”
When inhaled at high levels or for extended periods of time , the radioactive particles can damage the cells that line the lungs . Decades typically pass between exposure and when health problems surface .
“ If you are living in a basement where the radon level is 20 for five years , you have the same risk as someone who has lived in a home with a radon level of 10 for twice as long , ” Toth said . “ Children also tend to have higher exposure to it because of their lung structure and their higher respiratory rate . ”
Dr. Michael Reed , chief of the division of thoracic surgery at Penn State Hershey , said the general public tend is to underestimate the risk – or believe that only smokers need worry about it . “ Everyone should have their home checked , ” they said . “ If the levels are high , move forward with some sort of abatement process . ”
Although smokers who are exposed to radon have 10 to 20 times the risk of nonsmokers of developing lung cancer , anyone can suffer the effects of high radon levels .
Many homes are tested for radon before they are bought and sold , but if you do n't know the radon level where you live , you can purchase a test kit or hire a certified professional to assess the risk and offer suggestions to decrease the levels .
“ Current technology can easily decrease the concentration of radon in the air and lower the risk , ” Reed said . “ It 's easy , but it 's merely awareness . ”
During the month of January , which is radon awareness month , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency urges everyone to learn more about the problem and available solutions through a Citizen 's Guide to Radon that it has put together . This document is available at www.epa.gov/radon .
The National Cancer Institute also has more information on the health risks at www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/factsheet/Risk/radon
Learn more on `` Radon : The Silent Killer '' at 7:30 p.m. on Thursday , Jan. 8 on WHTM-TV ( abc27 ) .
The Medical Minute is a weekly health news feature brought to you by Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center . Articles feature the expertise of Penn State Hershey faculty physicians and staff , and are designed to offer timely , relevant health information of interest to a broad audience .
As they sing in the Rocky Horror Picture Show , `` Do n't dream it — be it . '' That 's what these fans have done , by turing rooms and even whole apartments into the sets from their favorite science fiction shows and movies .
Star Trek apartment by Tony Alleyne , Hinckley , Leicestershire , UK
Advertisement
In 1994 , Alleyne began the work on their 500-square foot apartment and within 10 years they just converted it to a fantastic Federation vessel .
Advertisement
In 2012 they were getting a divorce from wife who owns the flat , and wanted to sell it .
( via outie.net and 24th Century Interior Design )
Capsules in Nakagin Capsule Tower , Tokyo , Japan ( Kisho Kurokawa , 1972 )
Advertisement
The Tetris-like building has 140 prefabricated capsules which are each measure 7.5ft x 12 ft x 6.9ft . ( 2.3m x 3.8 m x 2.1 m ) . These can be connected and combined to create larger apartments . Every appliance and cabinets were built in to one side , and the aircraft-like shower to the other .
Advertisement
( via Wikimedia Commons and Mascontext )
TARDIS Control Room by Jayman White
Advertisement
It took a year to build .
( via Deviantart/Crazyfoalrus )
DIY Spaceship Control Panel for a 5-year old boy
Advertisement
( via Imgur )
A Star Wars-inspired home theater , Hawaii
Advertisement
Six flat panel HDTVs , life-size , talking R2-D2 and C-3PO replicas , and a curved 107-inch display . Sounds good .
Advertisement
( via Gizmodo )
Star Wars Bar and an Alien Home Theater in a Mediterran Residence in Indiana
Advertisement
The huge residence with 4 bedrooms , 6.5 bathrooms , a pool house , a volleyball court , a ballroom , a giant exercise room and a wine cellar is for sale . It 's quite cheap , could be yours for only $ 5 million .
Advertisement
( via Zillow and myfancyhouse )
Star Trek Enterprise Bridge Home Theater by Gary Reighn , 2007
Advertisement
( via Gary Reighn and Star Trek Home Theater )
Sci-Fi Theater or a `` Spaceship Transporting Aliens '' , by Dr. David Winn
Advertisement
After years of collecting sci-fi memorabilias , dr. Winn decided to build a big home theater with a 144-inch screen to place them .
( via mybadpad )
Star Trek meets Doctor Who in a Home Theater
Advertisement
( via Electronic House )
A Kingsville , Ontario greenhouse operation and two top executives were slapped with fines totalling $ 1.5 million Monday for selling foreign-sourced vegetables — mostly from Mexico — that were falsely labelled as being from Canada .
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency said Mucci Farms sold more than $ 1 million worth of falsely labelled non-Canadian vegetables to various large Ontario retailers .
“ They 're happy to get the case behind them , ” said defence lawyer Patrick Ducharme . “ It would have been a lengthy , difficult case . They are the biggest employer in Kingsville and employ something like 1,200 full-time people and they made a business decision to admit some mistakes . ”
Mucci International Marketing Inc. was fined $ 575,000 . Mucci Pac Ltd. was fined $ 625,000 . Both will be on probation for three years . The two corporate entities pleaded guilty to a total of six regulatory charges related to mislabelling products .
Two executives , Danny Mucci and Joe Spano , were each fined $ 150,000 on a charge that they “ imported greenhouse tomatoes , peppers and cucumbers packaged and labelled with misrepresented country of origin. ” Five other related charges against the two men were withdrawn after they pleaded guilty .
Mucci is the general manager of the greenhouse company and Spano is the vice-president of sales . The pair “ unlawfully ” marketed the agricultural products between Nov. 8 , 2011 and Jan. 30 , 2013 .
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency filed the charges in July 2014 following a lengthy investigation .
Damien Frost , a private Toronto lawyer brought on to run the prosecution , could n't be reached for comment after the case was finished .
Ducharme said the company and individuals pleaded guilty to regulatory charges — not criminal charges — that have to do with product labelling .
“ Their computer system assists them to label things that come in and go out , ” said Ducharme . “ As they went back and reviewed many months of records the investigators concluded that some of the products had to be mislabelled . ”
Ducharme said Mucci and Spano were completely co-operative with investigators .
“ They worked with the investigators and provided their own employees to help them understand the software program , ” said Ducharme . “ We began working on resolving it to admit the mistakes they made and to agree they would ensure there was compliance in the future . ”
The family-owned and operated Mucci Farms has been in business since 1963 . It operates more than 400 acres of farmland across Ontario . The company has about 180 acres of greenhouses in Kingsville , and ships tomatoes , peppers and cucumbers across Canada and the United States .
Excitement , cheers , tears of joy . Maybe even some coherent sentences . These are typically prospective students ' initial reactions to finding out they 've been accepted to UCLA .
But reality kicks in later , when these students have to figure out how to pay tuition and housing costs , and when they must work up the courage to open their first financial aid package and find out if they 'll be paying out of pocket or taking out loans .
As of now , students are signing on to attend universities like UCLA for two or four years , but are only given , if eligible , financial aid packages that last for one year at a time . Low-income students whose families ' financial situations fluctuate are left searching for ways to meet payment deadlines each year .
In their November meeting , the University of California Board of Regents said it was looking to expand the UC 's financial aid program to provide such things as multiyear financial aid packages and summer grants to students . The UC 's Total Cost of Attendance Working Group , a group that includes administrators and UC regents , examined UC Santa Barbara 's Promise Scholars Program , a pilot scholarship that offers multiyear financial aid awards for select freshmen and transfer students . The working group suggested the UC Office of the President work with campus administrations to expand the program .
The Promise Scholars Program is indeed a promising program . Multiyear financial aid programs would give students a predicted budget they could use to plan their financial futures .
UCLA should adopt a program similar to UCSB 's and offer low-income students a multiyear financial aid plan that accounts for tuition hikes and changes in students ' financial situations . For instance , if a student 's financial circumstances change , the multiyear plan should be flexible and adjust accordingly .
The Promise Scholars Program currently offers some incoming freshmen a minimum of $ 120,000 in aid for four years and some transfer students a minimum of $ 60,000 in aid for two years . UC Merced hopes to launch a similar program in the fall of 2018 .
UCOP spokesperson Stephanie Beechem said the Promise Scholars Program model could plausibly be expanded to multiple UC campuses .
“ UC Santa Barbara found that ( its ) the lowest income students did not typically see significant changes in their financial aid eligibility from year to year , which makes offering multiyear aid packages feasible , ” they added .
These discussions come after the UC Regents increased tuition fees for the 2017-2018 school year , and are considering another tuition hike at their meeting next month .
Tuition hikes can drastically change students ' lives . Financial aid recipients have to reroute aid money normally used to pay for textbooks and other supplies to more important things like actually staying enrolled in school . And it 's understandable that this can put stress on students , since there 's no knowing what each year 's tuition will look like while they 're enrolled at UCLA .
This financial uncertainty especially applies to student housing . Housing affordability is dramatically affected by fluctuations in year-to-year financial aid plans . Some students can afford to pay for housing one year and not the year after , and some are forced as a result to commute from somewhere far from campus . Bruins ' physical and mental health are put in jeopardy because of this added stress .
For example , Daisy Saucedo , a third-year English student , said their family 's financial situation dramatically changed after their first year at UCLA . They said this left them worried about how much aid they would be receiving from the university . They now commute from home to save costs , despite living on campus their first year .
“ I began to question my housing situation – as in considering ( commuting ) my second year to save money and not take on a loan , ” Saucedo said .
Gabriela Gomez , a third-year biology student faced a similar ordeal . They lived on campus their first year , but had to pay about half of their housing costs out of pocket even with the financial aid they received . In their second year , they chose to commute because they did n't want to burden them parents .
Gomez said a multiyear plan would allow them to know what financial aid they would receive the next year and therefore make the decision on whether they should commute or live closer to campus . They added they would n't have to make decisions founded on uncertainty if such an aid program was offered .
As such , UCLA should create a financial aid program similar to UCSB 's . Implementing this kind of program would make tuition hikes manageable for students , as there would n't be any unexpected fluctuations in the aid they receive . Such a plan should be flexible enough to take into account any changes in students ' financial conditions .
Students would be able to plan ahead and see whether loans will be necessary or if they should seek out scholarships to finance their higher education . Creating such a program will no doubt be difficult , but UCLA could pilot a program , much like UC Merced is , to iron out the logistics of such a plan .
Having an estimated financial aid package for a student 's entire college term can alleviate their doubts and financial uncertainties . It can assure them that UCLA was the correct choice .
Of all my errors of well-intentioned parenthood , an incident involving a dear friend 's son and a parrot has filled me with the most guilt .
My friend , who lived in the same apartment complex in Rome as I did , had died the year before after a long illness . We were all still reeling from their loss when one day I suggested to their son , then 13 years old , to bring their caged bird up to our terrace for a little fresh air and sunshine . Caged animals have always filled me with dread and Shaulin , as the bird was called , seemed particularly miserable in a dark corner of their flat .
Giovanni and I placed their cage on a table outside in the shade . They sprang to life instantly , flitting about the cage and bursting into song . A surge of relief ran through me .
That is , until Shaulin hopped over to the cage door and popped open the latch with their beak , fluttering off to perch on the palm tree in our condo courtyard . For a few minutes , I held out hope they might come back . Then they flew off out of sight .
It was a horrible moment . Through an act of busybody do-goodery , I 'd managed to bring about one more terrible loss to a boy already overcome with grief over their mother . I apologized , repeatedly , and tried to soften the blow by suggesting Shaulin might be happier free - to which Giovanni simply said , `` The seagulls will eat her . ''
As if to back up their point , the enormous gull perched like a sentinel on the roof of the next building let out a great , cat-like howl .
Biologist Bruno Cignini says , Rome offers ideal conditions for invasive species to settle
Rome : Tourist and invasive species magnet
A few months later while speaking with Francesco Messina , head of tree maintenance for the City of Rome , my guilt over Shaulin shifted a little .
We were standing in a small historic park called Villa Lazzaroni where the palm trees were dying . A copper-colored beetle from Asia called the red palm weevil had made it to Italy in 2004 , and was devastating the country 's palms .
As we talked , above us dozens of wailing green streaks flashed by : parrots , dashing from one tree to the next . After asking Messina if seagulls ate them - no ( sigh of relief ) - they explained that just like the red palm weevil , parrots are an invasive species , proliferating in Rome 's parks after people who had kept them as pets set them free .
With global warming and rising winter temperatures , they said , thousands of the birds now comfortably live here .
But Rome 's foremost expert on the city 's birdlife , biologist Bruno Cignini - director of Rome 's Museum of Zoology - said it 's more complicated than just global warming and a few parrots let loose .
`` What you have to understand about Rome is that compared to most major cities in Europe , it has a vast number of historic villas and natural parks that make it an ideal city for invasive species to set up in , '' they explained in their office adjacent to Rome 's Bioparco zoo .
Originally from South America , monk parakeets have made a home for themselves in Rome
Cignini has some experience with this . When huge swarms of starlings had invaded the trees along Rome 's Tiber River banks in the 1990s , and their slippery guano was regularly causing car and motorino accidents , they came up with a technique of recording and playing their warning cries back to them to force the birds to move out of the city center .
Friendly parrots
Cignini says not one , but two very similar species of parrots have proliferated in the past two decades : the monk parakeet from South America , and the rose-ringed parakeet from Asia Minor .
They said it 's possible the Asian parakeet migrated here . However , the gray-throated monk parrot that lives primarily in cedar trees in the Caffarella Park off the ancient Appia Antica road in south Rome almost definitely arrived here in a less conventional fashion .
`` There was a clothing outlet shopping center near that Caffarella that had a huge cage with dozens of parrots , '' said Cignini . `` When it closed , they just let the birds free - and their population has taken off in the park . ''
While the parrots do n't directly threaten other local bird species , Cignini says they 're amazingly adaptable.Their gregarious habits of taking over whole trees to set up nests either inside trunk holes , as the rose-ringed parakeet does , or in complex beehive-like structures on branches built by the monk parakeet , squeeze out local species such as sparrows , making it harder for them to find living space and food .
Still , parrots play a fairly benign role in transformation of the bird-scape of Rome . Seagulls , too , have become ubiquitous - and are far less pleasant .
Combative seagulls
The arrival of seagulls in Rome can be pinpointed to the misplaced benevolence of the founder of the Italian World Wildlife Foundation , renowned environmentalist Fulco Pratesi .
Rome 's abundant household garbage is an endless source of food for seagulls and other invasive bird species
In 1971 , a friend of Pratesi handed them an injured female gull in a shoebox . Pratesi got permission from the head of the Rome zoo to leave the bird there to convalesce . Then one spring , a male gull passing overhead spotted them
`` They became a couple and built a nest of paper handkerchiefs , dirty rags , and other debris on concrete rocks , '' explains Pratesi . `` Their offspring kept reproducing , and gradually they spread to the historic center . ''
There are now hundreds of gulls perched on church cupolas and apartment rooftops throughout Rome - some 20 kilometers ( 12.5 miles ) from their natural habitat along the Mediterranean Coast .
`` These are extremely aggressive birds , '' says Cignini . `` If one lays an egg on your terrace , it 's next to impossible to make it leave . When people have tried , the birds send out a war cry , and a whole group will attack you , one after the other . ''
They say an initiative to reduce their numbers by poking holes in eggs was blocked by environmental groups . And Italian legislation bans killing them .
With Rome 's garbage pickup problems , the birds have a buffet of rotting food piled up in the streets below to feast upon nightly , their screeching wails piercing the quiet before dusk .
Indeed , where once stood a royal seagull on the condo roof across the way , now stand at least three . And that 's not the only change in the view from my apartment terrace . The courtyard palm tree that Shaulin , Giovanni 's beloved parrot , first landed on after their escape ? The red palm weevil infested it , and it was dead two years later .
( Another in an Inside Slant series on innovation in and around the NFL . For all Inside Slant posts , follow this link . )
In February , a group of researchers revealed a surprising level of systemic disparity in the NFL 's yearly game schedule . They presented their paper at the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference , most notably identifying long-term inequities in matchups between teams with dissimilar rest , and soon found -- believe it or not -- that the NFL wanted to compare notes .
And so it came to be that Drs . Murat Kurt and Mark Karwan spent an hour recently speaking with Mike North , the NFL 's director of broadcast planning and one of the key members of an executive team that produces the league 's game schedule . Their discussion wo n't impact the 2015 edition , likely to be released next week , but their pending collaboration could help smooth out the edges of future efforts .
`` We would look at this as something fun for us and maybe a help for the NFL , '' said Karwan , who like Kurt is a professor at the University at Buffalo . `` You ca n't get a perfect schedule , but ... our goal would be to show them that a lot of the schedules they generate could be improved . ''
To be fair , anecdotal schedule inequities have helped evolve the NFL 's schedule release into a day of national hysteria . In 2014 , for example , we saw the New Orleans Saints play four games in five weeks against teams coming off either their bye week or a Thursday night game . The Tampa Bay Buccaneers had only four home games in a 13-week window , losing 10 of 12 . The Baltimore Ravens , on the other hand , played only one divisional game in the strong AFC North after Week 9 . They went 4-2 after that point and earned a wild-card playoff bid .
We typically dismiss such disparities with the expectation that they even out over time . But when the Buffalo Bills complained publicly about concerns in their 2013 schedule , Kurt and Karwan teamed with Ph.d. candidate Niraj Kumar Pandey and student Kyle Cunningham to investigate . They emerged with a startling discovery : The league 's schedule formula did not correct for the disparities , leaving some teams to absorb significantly more competitive disadvantage than others .
The chart provides a summation of their most notable finding . Since the eight-division format began in 2002 , some teams have played more than twice as many games against better-rested opponents -- either coming off a bye or a Thursday night game -- than others . The Bills had the most ( 29 ) , and the Cincinnati Bengals were given the fewest ( 14 ) . In 2013 , the Bills had five such games ; the division rival New England Patriots had none .
It seems obvious that a team with more rest than its opponent has an inherent advantage . To quantify the competitive impact , the researchers looked at a five-season span from 2009-13 . Over that period , the NFL 's average win percentage when playing a team with more rest was 44.7 -- about four percentage points lower than the average win percentage against all opponents . In 2010 , notably , the difference was 14 percentage points .
`` The way I put it , '' Karwan said , `` is that it 's significant enough that I 'm sure Las Vegas would want to know about it . ''
So the group developed a mathematical method of creating schedules with conditions that address the competitive advantages they identified . The details can be found in their paper via this link , but in essence their resulting formula eliminates the bye week advantage and minimizes the turnarounds caused by Thursday night games . They reduced the instances of playing three consecutive road games and spread divisional games more evenly through the schedule .
In a statement provided to ESPN.com , league spokesperson Greg Aiello said the formula `` is similar to what the NFL uses but differs in that it focuses only on fairness . '' Aiello added : `` It does not , for example , take into consideration television ratings and other matters . We have always said that we look for the right balance between competitive issues and other considerations such as television . The idea of creating schedules that are supposedly 'fair ' to all teams but do n't give consideration to television ramifications and other matters , such as stadium conflicts , is unrealistic . ''
Indeed , Karwan and Kurt acknowledged , as third-party researchers they had no access to the long annual list of television requests and limits to stadium availability . Each year , for example , broadcasters identify about 40 of the 256 games for prime-time or 4 p.m . ET slots . Those requests naturally impact flexibility for the remaining games .
North communicated a message similar to Aiello 's but , according to Karwan and Kurt , expressed interest in their methods and agreed to provide the missing proprietary information -- after the schedule has been released -- to see if their model produced better results .
`` Right now we ca n't claim we are going to do it , '' Karwan said . `` We would need a new student to help and it 's probably going to take two or three years to expand our method . It 's possible we 'll have to loosen some of our other conditions to make it work . But we have the ideas , and they said they could get us the data . Maybe it is a situation where we could eventually generate the 2018 schedule after it 's announced and then we can compare . ''
There do n't appear to be any conspiracy theories here . A method that gives an advantage to the Bengals , Carolina Panthers , New York Jets and Jacksonville Jaguars -- four of the six teams at the bottom of the chart -- does n't align with any favored-team conspiracies I 'm aware of .
These inequities are mostly a matter of math and economic reality . Nothing will change the latter , but hopefully in a few years , we 'll find that the former can be improved .
In autumn of 1840 , Charles Babbage arrived in Turin for a meeting of Italian scientists , where they gave the only public explanation of the workings of their “ Analytical Engine. ” This machine was the mostly-imaginary upgrade of Babbage 's failed “ Difference Engine . ”
At the Accademia della Scienze di Torino ( which was once run by Babbage 's host in Turin , Prof. Giovanni Plana ) , they still have all the paperwork that Babbage brought with them to Turin , which Babbage left behind as a gift for Plana and their associates .
These documents include charts , engineering plans , lecture notes , a bunch of pencil-scribbled calculations on what seems to be leaves neatly sliced out of Babbage 's own notebooks , and , well , also these punch-cards .
As you can see from my photos of them here , these cards came from a kind of manila folder , where they were stuffed higgledy-piggledy . The cards come in different gauges , are made of different materials , and are in different colors . Most have what seem to be staple-marks , some don't… They have many little idiosyncrasies .
Some are obviously meant for public demonstration , because they have Babbage 's own handwriting on them . Other cards look more workaday .
I ca n't believe that these merely happen to be random cards that Babbage somehow swept off their desk and then hauled all over Europe . Charles Babbage was an extremely methodical guy .
The cards are not numbered , they have no apparent sequence , and they are of different sizes and materials . It may also be that some have gone missing with time . Still , I think they are a meaningful and deliberate set of closely-related cards , and that they all have one purpose . I am very much wondering what that was .
I can offer a few hints .
First , the long card with the smaller punch-holes is a “ number card , ” while the many smaller and squarer cards are “ operations cards . ”
The number card has “ Pi ” on it , and you 'll note that the numbers of Pi correspond to the pattern of punch-holes in the columns beneath them on the card . That card is not a way to calculate Pi , it 's actually the number , Pi , used as a constant , which is readable by a difference engine .
This particular card is described in the famous essay written by Menabrea in Turin and much-expanded by Ada Lovelace in London .
https : //www.fourmilab.ch/babbage/sketch.html
The Menabrea/Lovelace article also describe a few formulas that the Engine might plausibly grind out , so these cards may be a demonstration of one of those . Since Plana was an astronomer , it may be an astronomical application . Or the cards may have something to do with with “ the function f ( x + i ) by means of Taylor 's theorem. ” Babbage particularly mentions this formula in their Turinese lecture notes .
The cards do n't show much sign of use-wear . The pi-card still has hanging chads .
Two of the cards , the yellow ones , are entirely blank , but still included in the set . Beginning and end of the deck , maybe ?
These cards seem to be hand-punched with a sharp metal hole-maker , and rather inaccurately . Babbage might even have made the cards * in Turin * out of cardboard that they found in the town . Babbage states that the cards are “ placed in six-sided prisms that revolve . ”
Even if the Analytical Engine never worked , or even existed — and those cards do n't look like they were ever rotated through any actual metal prisms with reader-pins — yes , even if it 's just cardboard vaporware for a mostly design-fictional Analytical Engine — this may be the oldest existent computer program in the world .
As a final note , it 's hard to believe that one would carry an opaque and arcane set of cards around Europe without any kind of card-reader , but there is no trace of one . There 's nothing left of Babbage 's visit but paper and cardboard .
Grateful for any cogent insights here . bruces @ well.com
More on the Flickr set .
Charles Babbage in Turin 1840 : the data hoard
Newt Gingrich , Tim Pawlenty and Mitt Romney are helping state parties generate cash . | AP photos State parties cash in on 2012 race
It turns out there 's a Republican constituency that is n't at all bothered by the large and uncertain field of prospective 2012 candidates : the state parties themselves .
For them , the frontrunner-free race is proving to be a cash cow , thanks to windfall fundraisers headlined by potential challengers to President Barack Obama .
Story Continued Below
It 's the easiest kind of political transaction , one that can deliver as much as a six-figure return and almost no political downside risk . Candidates are happy to increase their visibility and introduce themselves to the rank-and-file . Cash-strapped state parties are eager to replenish their coffers with ticket revenues from high-demand events featuring top national politicians in the flesh .
“ It 's a huge asset to any state that participates in that process and can take advantage of it , ” said Saul Anuzis , a former Michigan GOP chairperson . “ Having these candidates come through your states helps you drive attendance , and being able to drive attendance helps you drive ticket sales . ”
The pre-primary rubber chicken circuit is n't a boon to every state party . GOP candidates are n't anxious to spend their time in states that have little value in the nominating process—they 'd prefer to spend their time in Iowa , rather than Idaho , or in South Carolina , instead of South Dakota .
But in the states where it makes good political sense—the various presidential prospects have raised money for parties in nearly half the states since the start of the 2010 election cycle—the fundraising events have proven to be lucrative endeavors .
Former Minnesota Gov . Tim Pawlenty 's June 10 Statesman 's Dinner fundraiser for the Tennessee GOP last year poured more than $ 650,000 into the party 's treasury—about a third of the party 's overall 2010 fundraising , according to figures provided by the state Ethics Commission .
“ It 's a win-win situation , ” Tennessee Republican Party Chairman Chris Devaney told POLITICO . “ It heightens the profile of the party and gives donors someone that they want to see . And it brings more attention to your event . ”
Meanwhile , in Pawlenty 's home state , both Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney headlined $ 5,000 per head VIP roundtables with donors , in addition to lower-dollar general admission fundraisers , just before the November election .
Minnesota Republican Chairman Tony Sutton declined to say how much the events raised for the cash-strapped state party but called the Gingrich and Romney visits “ well-timed ” because the state GOP was involved in a contested election to hold the governorship .
“ They came in late and man , we really needed it , ” Sutton said in an interview . “ We were really hurting . ”
The thinly veiled threats to trigger Article Five over NotPetya continue the time honored tradition of NATO saber rattling
The NotPetya attacks swept across Ulkraine and parts of Europe last week , crippling infrastructure and taking down the systems of major companies such as Mearsk . At first many analysts considered it to be another cybercrime attack but as security services have begun to pick apart the events of last week the evidence is mounting that it was something more . Not without just cause , the world began to suspect Russia and NATO has already making begun veiled threats that they may be forced to trigger article five in response to the attacks . While it is nice that NATO is taking the threat of Cyber Warfare seriously , the threat to trigger article five amounts to little more than NATO saber rattling .
Article Five compels members to act on an attack against an allied state
Article Five is the foundation upon which NATO is built . It enshrines the principle an attack upon one member of the alliance is an attack on every member of the alliance , a concept also known as collective defense . There are NATO forces on permanent standby in order to ensure that this principle is upheld .
NATO has used article five in on a number of occasions in the past . The Iraq invasion following the 9/11 attacks was technically covered under article five of the NATO treaty . It has also been invoked in the wake of Russia 's interventions in Syria and the annexation of Crimea .
Given how essential collective security is to NATO it should not come as a surprise that some are considering invoking article five in a response to the NotPetya attacks . The problem is that there is no precedent for doing so .
Article Five is designed to help members to respond to an attack but we do n't know who was behind NotPetya
It could be possible to interpret NotPetya as an “ armed attack ” against a European NATO member . In so far as NotPetya was designed to cause as much damage as possible and as such could be defined as weaponized . It is far more problematic however , to consider the attack an “ act of war ” .
NATO 's Cooperative Cyber Defense Centre of Excellence ( CCD COE ) argued in a press release on the 30th of June that NetPetya was backed by state actors or a non-state actor with approval from a state . Their argument holds some water . The NotPetya attacks were relatively sophisticated and were clearly designed to cause chaos rather than rake in cash . This was the very argument put forward by secretary general Jens Stoltenberg on the 28th of June when they attempted to argue that NotPetya could trigger Article Five .
The problem with their argument is that we have no evidence , other than supposition , that any state was involved in the NotPetya attacks . Yes , it is clearly weaponized , yes , we need to take steps in order to combat Cyber Warfare , No , we do n't know who did it . So who is behind attack that NATO is responding to ?
NATO will blame Russia , even if there is no evidence that Russia was involved .
The implication in Mr StoltenBerg 's argument is obvious . Russia was behind the attack and NATO needs to band together against the old enemy . The problem with this line of reasoning is that there is absolutely no evidence that Russia is involved .
There are suspicions , reasonable suspicions , that Russia at least tacitly approved the attacks . There is even a precedent for Russian Cyberattacks in Ukraine but there is no evidence . Previous NATO actions against Russia , including the recent sanctions , have all been based on concrete evidence of Russian wrong-doing . Whether that be their interventions in Syria or the annexation of Crimea .
NotPetya has no evidence of Russian involvement . The thinly veiled threats to invoke Article Five against Russia in response are bluster , pure and simple . If NATO were to use their alliance in attempt to force further action against Russia over these attacks they 'd be risking an escalation without evidence . A fact that Russia would jump on in order to discredit NATO .
Russia is being blamed because NATO is facing a crisis
The alliance is arguably at its weakest point in recent history . The President of the United States has repeatedly undermined the perception that America is committed to the principle of collective security . European nations are increasingly beginning to talk of a European Army . Something that until the events of the past year would have been considered unthinkable .
Mr Trump 's words that “ NATO is obsolete ” may well prove prophetic . Even if it is a self fulfilling prophesy . In order to prevent the collapse of the alliance , NATO has to keep its members focused upon the threat that Russia poses , rather than the antics of the American President . In order to do this , NATO needs to take every opportunity to highlight Russian aggression , real or imagined .
The problem with this strategy is that it risks escalating an already tense situation between NATO and Russia , as well as alienating certain members of NATO who are in favor of a more conciliatory approach . In essence NATO saber rattling strengthens the , broadly false , Russian accusation that the West acts hypocritically on the international stage . After all , WannaCry and NotPetya were only possible because the American NSA was hording exploits . This perceived hypocrisy reduces NATOs capacity to act as a true peacekeeping force and strengthening Russia 's position .
However justified it may be , NATO needs to tone down the harsh rhetoric and focus on action
It is always difficult for a large international body to organize itself , especially one as complex as NATO . It is a testament to the organization 's worth that it has survived this far . Unfortunately NATO finds itself in a difficult position , faced with the elected leader of its largest member , the United States , openly questioning its worth there is a chance that it may collapse .
The CCD COE is right to highlight that Cyber Warfare is a growing threat but simply threatening to further sanction Russia over the cyberattacks will get NATO nowhere . The focus has to be on coordinating international efforts to fight Cyber Warfare through dialogue and cooperation . Even with the likes of Russia , should they choose to participate . Saber Rattling and bluster will get us nowhere , except perhaps a war that nobody will win .
NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope has spotted the signature of flat carbon flakes , called graphene , in space . If confirmed , this would be the first-ever cosmic detection of the material -- which is arranged like chicken wire in flat sheets that are one atom thick .
Graphene was first synthesized in a lab in 2004 , and subsequent research on its unique properties garnered the Nobel Prize in 2010 . It 's as strong as it is thin , and conducts electricity as well as copper . Some think it 's the `` material of the future , '' with applications in computers , screens on electrical devices , solar panels and more .
Graphene in space is n't going to result in any super-fast computers , but researchers are interested in learning more about how it is created . Understanding chemical reactions involving carbon in space may hold clues to how our own carbon-based selves and other life on Earth developed .
Spitzer identified signs of the graphene in two small galaxies outside of our own , called the Magellanic Clouds , specifically in the material shed by dying stars , called planetary nebulae . The infrared-sensing telescope also spotted a related molecule , called C70 , in the same region -- marking the first detection of this chemical outside our galaxy .
C70 and graphene belong to the fullerene family , which includes molecules called `` buckyballs , '' or C60 . These carbon spheres contain 60 carbon atoms arranged like a soccer ball , and were named after their resemblance to the architectural domes of Buckminister Fuller . C70 molecules contain 70 carbon atoms and are longer in shape , more like a rugby ball .
Fullerenes have been found in meteorites carrying extraterrestrial gases , and water has been very recently encapsulated in buckyballs by using new laboratory techniques . These findings suggest fullerenes may have helped transport materials from space to Earth long ago , possibly helping to kick-start life .
Spitzer definitively detected both buckyballs and C70 in space for the first time in July 2010 . It later spotted buckyballs -- equivalent in mass to 15 full moons -- in the Small Magellanic Cloud . These latter results demonstrated that , contrary to what was previously believed , fullerenes and other complex molecules could form in hydrogen-rich environments .
According to astronomers , the graphene , buckyballs and C70 might be forming when shock waves generated by dying stars break apart hydrogen-containing carbon grains .
The team that performed the Spitzer research is led by Domingo Aníbal García-Hernández of the Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias in Spain . The results appear in the Astrophysical Journal Letters . García-Hernández is also the lead author of the study that used Spitzer to detect heaps of buckyballs in the Small Magellanic Cloud .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , manages the Spitzer Space Telescope mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington . Science operations are conducted at the Spitzer Science Center at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena . Caltech manages JPL for NASA . For more information about Spitzer , visit http : //spitzer.caltech.edu/ and http : //www.nasa.gov/spitzer .
Remember George W. Bush ? You might not if you watched last week 's GOP convention . The country 's last Republican president , elected to two terms in office and still popular enough in some parts of the country to produce a massive best-selling memoir , was mentioned about as often as Mad Cow Disease . That was a mistake . Former presidents , even controversial ones , are experienced performers who have stood on a convention stage before , made an argument to millions of people , and won their votes . They usually can draw a sizable crowd , too . On Wednesday evening , for the second time in four years , Bill Clinton demonstrated just how effective a former president can be .
In their entire life , Mr. Clinton has never delivered a memorable speech . Few quotes attached to their name echo through history—unless , that is , you count the cringe-worthy . ( “ I did n't inhale ” “ I did not have sex with that woman , ” “ That is one good-looking mummy ” and , of course : “ That depends on what your definition of is is . ” )
Yet a Bill Clinton speech is an event nonetheless . Not so much for the particular turns of phrase , but for the way those words are delivered . Once again , to the strains of Fleetwood Mac , Bill Clinton descended upon the masses to make their case . They looked pretty much the same , white-haired and red-faced . Their familiar tics once again on display—the cornball lines , the lip biting , the fist cocked into the air as they make a point , the mocking parry against their political enemies . And , yes , no Bill Clinton speech is complete without the endless narcissism .
Clearly I never much liked Bill Clinton , but I have to admit I wanted to hear them speak . And once again they did not disappoint . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer called it “ the best speech I 've ever heard Bill Clinton deliver. ” I guess that is possible , since there are few competitors for the title . But in truth there were few great zingers . Sometimes Bubba 's argument was hard to follow . Occasionally they conjured up absurd statistics . At one point , they added up the “ private sector ” jobs created by Republican presidents versus Democrat presidents since 1961 . Why 1961 ? Who knows ? What does that have to do with the situation today ? It was n't clear . Was that statistic even accurate ? By the time anyone figures out that answer , it wo n't matter anymore .
And predictably Clinton found umpteen opportunities to brag about himself , their initiatives , their wife , their record in office . “ People ask me all the time how we got four balanced budgets in a row , ” they said at one point . Really ? All the time ? Who are these people ?
Here 's why I think Bill Clinton 's speech was successful . For all of their tortured arguments and wonky , ponderous asides , Bill Clinton made a substantive case . They dealt with facts and statistics . They made points and then explained why they made them . They had details . Boy , did they have details . In short , they did what almost no one at the Republican convention tried to do , what few conventions bother to do anymore . They treated the American people like thinking human beings .
I have to confess I did n't think Americans cared that much about substance from politicians . That was why I thought Mitt Romney 's speech last week was a success—at least for him . It was delivered well . It had a few good lines . It was coherent . Nothing phenomenal , to be sure , but I thought good enough . I knew that nothing of substance was really said . There was in fact nothing in Mitt Romney 's speech that told the American people what they would specifically do as president other than build world-class schools and create jobs ( somehow ) . I thought people would n't notice the lack of details . Apparently they did . Those who bothered to watch Romney 's speech came away disappointed . And by a surprising margin .
Last week , in fact , is already a blur to most Americans . Three days of nonstop attention to Mitt Romney and their agenda for the nation did not help the candidate in the slightest . That 's because the GOP convention spent most of those days handing out cotton-candy slogans that some batch of consultants thought up : “ Believe in America. ” “ Restoring America 's Promise. ” These are almost parodies . It is sadly fitting that the most memorable moment of the Republican Convention came when an old man talked to an imaginary person in an empty chair .
Bill Clinton offered a few clunky clichés of their own on Wednesday , but not that many . Mostly they just talked about what they believed and why they believed it and did n't worry if all of it could be followed . Their points could be completely wrong , their prescriptions disastrous , but at least there was something serious to consider , and discuss , and debate . Maybe it 's not too late for Romney and Obama to offer Americans something similar .
For the holidays this year , the Catholic Church chose to give the world the gift of bizarre , alienating and utterly missing the point rhetoric . Oh , you should n't have ! We already got one of those from the NRA !
First , Pope Benedict XVI used their annual holiday message to the Vatican to denounce gay and lesbian progress as a `` manipulation of nature '' and an `` attack '' on the family . Now , Cardinal Sean Brady , the Primate of all Ireland , has used the galvanizing death of a pregnant woman in a Galway hospital as an excuse to double down on anti-abortion rhetoric . Guys , maybe next year you could ask Santa for a sense of timing and a pair of ears that are n't tone-deaf .
Advertisement :
The harrowing , cruel experience of Savita Halappanavar , who died of septicaemia in October , has provoked unprecedented national outrage . Them widower alleges their doctors would n't intervene to save their lives while their fetus still had a heartbeat , on the excuse that `` This is a Catholic country . '' Now , following a wave of public protests and an advisory from the European Court of Human Rights , Ireland , the only European Union nation that still outlaws abortion , has begun the delicate process of loosening its restrictions . Earlier this month , Minister of Health James Reilly announced the government is introducing new laws that will permit abortion when the life of the mother is at risk . The new regulations will still be plenty restrictive – a mere risk to the mother 's health will still not be sufficient to obtain an abortion , and Reilly assures that the changes will `` clarify what is legal for the professionals who must provide care while at all times taking full account of the equal right to life of the unborn child . ''
Yet at a moment when a minute move toward preventing more women from dying in agony is finally on the table , Brady took the opportunity to deliver a Christmas message about `` life '' to the people of Ireland , urging , `` No government has the right to remove that right from an innocent person . '' In case you 're wondering , it 's not the innocent life of Savita Halappanavar he 's referencing here .
Nobody expects the Catholic Church to do a sudden , swift about-face on the topic of abortion . But instead of trying to whip up the masses with some phony-baloney rhetoric about honoring life , Brady – or any other Irish priest with an ounce of true courage – could have spoken out with compassion about a tragic loss . They could have extended condolences to their family . They could have mentioned that while the Church opposes abortion even to save the life of a mother – Pope Pius XI famously , chillingly declared that `` However we may pity the mother whose health and even life is imperiled by the performance of their natural duty , there yet remains no sufficient reason for condoning the direct murder of the innocent '' – it does however clearly insist `` physicians must do everything in their power to save both the mother and the child . '' In other words , you ca n't just sit back and let a woman die .
In fact , even if you 're sticking strictly with the letter of Catholic law , doctors are permitted to intervene to save a mother in any ways that are n't what is known in the Catechism of the Catholic church as `` direct abortion . '' If a fetus does n't survive as a result of a necessary procedure – for instance a lifesaving removal of a fallopian tube – that 's not contrary to doctrine . That 's why , even while the investigation into the death of Halappanavar is still going on , it 's really not difficult to imagine , in a country that valued women 's lives at least as much as it values fetuses , a situation where doctors could in good conscience have done a whole lot more to save her , even while allowing for the possibility that their actions might result in the loss of the baby .
So why are n't the likes of Brady talking about that ? Why , as their nation is inching slowing toward an acknowledgment that it 's pretty much the opposite of respecting life to let women suffer and die over a non-viable pregnancy , why is n't Catholic leadership speaking out with , at the barest minimum , a clarification of existing doctrine ? A reminder that doctors have an obligation not just toward fetuses but mothers ? A message of respect toward women ? Instead , Brady , in their willful , insulting abuse of a holiday message , told their flock that `` Public representatives will be asked to decide whether a caring and compassionate society is defined by providing the best possible care and protection to a woman struggling to cope with an unwanted pregnancy or by the deliberate destruction of another human life . ''
In a speech about life , they cravenly did n't mention Halappanavar 's name . In a message of compassion , they ignored the lack of compassion that led to an avoidable death . Instead they said , `` I hope that everyone who believes that the right to life is fundamental will make their voice heard in a reasonable , but forthright , way to their representatives . '' I hope so too . And I hope when they do , they remember the name of Savita Halappanavar .
When we go off to college , we 're not yet adults but no longer children , and we 're often on our own for the first time . No more bells ringing between classes , the everyday routines of high school are behind us . Our parents are n't around to wake us up in the morning , or to set a curfew . For the most part we 're responsible for and to ourselves .
Therein lies opportunity and peril . College is a time when we can take full , adult possession of our faith , and it 's also a time when it can slip away , either because of neglect , or intellectual challenges we 're unprepared to meet , or because we find ourselves swept up into the comfortable hedonism that tends to dominate the undergraduate culture of most American colleges .
What to do ?
The most important piece of advice I can give : do n't put your spiritual life on hold ! During your first semester of college there are many new people to meet , as well as new experiences to have , and fascinating ideas to entertain . That 's as it should be . But it 's easy to get swept up into all this and say , “ I do n't have time , but I 'll get back to my faith someday . ”
Someday needs to be now . Start with worship . Faith is not a do-it-yourself project . We need to participate in the sacraments . If you want to get run over by a train , you need to put yourself in its way . That same holds for God 's grace . For Catholics , attending Mass daily and regular confession is like going to the gym . We ca n't stay spiritually fit unless we 're willing to commit the time . That holds true for Protestants as well , and different traditions prescribe different ways to give time to God every day .
For nearly everyone , college is a time of introspection and self-examination . What do I believe ? What do I want to do with my life ? What about love , sex , and marriage ? It 's important that we ask these questions in the company of Christ . That requires a discipline of our interior lives to complement regular church attendance .
The spiritual writers identify three ways to make Christ more present to us in our daily lives : prayer , mortification , and charity . Prayer is a no-brainer . How can God talk to you if you 're not listening ? Listening involves disposing ourselves internally toward God . We need to approach Him , as it were , which involves petitions and requests for illumination .
Mortification sounds intimidating and vaguely medieval . But the concept is easy to understand . For most of us the most important person in our lives is . . . me . In order to draw closer to Christ , we need to learn how to set aside our preoccupation with ourselves , which is another way of saying we need to practice self-denial . It 's not easy , and the great spiritual writers urge us to train our wills in self-denial . This need not involve grand gestures . In fact , that can be a danger , because we can become very proud of our mortifications , which is the very opposite of self-denial !
Therefore , the best approach is to make small sacrifices . Make a vow to wake up and go to breakfast every morning , even if your first class is n't until 11 a.m . Choose a plain cheese pizza rather than pepperoni . You 'll be surprised how these tiny sacrifices work an interior magic , shifting your focus every so slightly away from yourself . Once you 're a little bit to the side , God can come to the center .
The final way of interior union with Christ involves charity . Christ gave themselves for us on the cross . The slightest gift we give to others—a sympathetic ear , making time during exam week , calling your parents ( and not texting ! ) —these acts participate in Christ 's cross , and thus in a small but real way unify us with him . And of course making time once a week or once a month to participate in a program that serves those in need does the same , with the added grace of fulfilling Christ 's commands to do the corporal works of mercy ( Matthew 25 ) .
I 've emphasized sacramental and interior spiritual disciplines because I 'm convinced that they provide the surest foundations for faith . We all face challenges and temptations in our lives , and that 's especially true for college students in academic environments often hostile to faith , and in dorm cultures hostile to even the most basic forms of moral rectitude . Our good ideas and pious intentions will be swept aside unless they are deeply rooted in our souls .
However , college students should keep some other things in mind .
First , we 're strongly influenced by the company we keep , and therefore we should seek the fellowship of other believers . The modern university is something of a fraternity for secularism . This is often true of Catholic universities , in spite of their best efforts . Nearly all colleges and universities have ministries that provide opportunities to connect and join fraternities of faith . Be sure you do so .
Second , find good mentors . This can be a priest or a pastor , but do n't limit yourself . Your college years have an academic focus , and ideally your intellectual development wo n't be a separate compartment of your life , but will instead contribute to your maturity in faith . So it 's very helpful to have a mentor from inside the academic culture : a professor , perhaps , or a graduate student . Someone who has walked the path can help you find your way .
Third and finally , Pope Benedict refers to the books in their personal library as their trusted advisors . We can find mentors in authors . So read books that promise to deepen your faith and arm you with the arguments you need to give good reasons for the hope that is within you ( 1 Peter 3:15 ) .
And not just books . There 's a good magazine I know that might be of some help . First Things offers a special student rate of $ 15 for ten issues per year . Just call us at 1-877-905-9920 or contact us by email : customer_service @ first-things.com .
R.R . Reno is Editor of First Things . They are the general editor of the Brazos Theological Commentary on the Bible and author of the volume on Genesis . Their previous “ On the Square ” articles can be found here .
Become a fan of First Things on Facebook , subscribe to First Things via RSS , and follow First Things on Twitter .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump 's emergency declaration MORE ( D-Mass . ) on Monday called for a dialogue on gun violence following the deadly mass shooting in Las Vegas , Nevada , that has left at least 58 people dead and hundreds of others injured .
“ Tragedies like Las Vegas have happened too many times . We need to have the conversation about how to stop gun violence . We need it NOW , ” Warren wrote in a tweet storm .
I 'm heartsick for the victims of last night 's massacre in Las Vegas & their loved ones . — Elizabeth Warren ( @ SenWarren ) October 2 , 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Them remarks come after gunfire broke out at a country music festival in Las Vegas Sunday evening , killing at least 50 and wounding about 400 others .
“ I 'm heartsick for the victims of last night 's massacre in Las Vegas & their loved ones , ” Warren wrote .
“ I 'm heartsick for people in Nevada & across the country who woke up to this news & are worried that their family & friends are ok . ”
Lawmakers Monday morning issued statements mourning the victims and praying for those affected . Warren , however , said thoughts and prayers “ are not enough . ”
“ Thoughts & prayers are NOT enough . Not when more moms & dads will bury kids this week , & more sons & daughters will grow up without parents , ” they said .
Other Democratic lawmakers expressed frustration Monday in the wake of the shooting , including Rep. Seth Moulton ( D-Mass . ) , who said they will not participate in the moment of silence on the House floor because it “ becomes an excuse for inaction . ”
It 's official , folks : summer has arrived . Those long , grueling days where AHL signings trickle in about once a day seem as though they are here to stay . What is a die-hard hockey fan to do when the talk of the land is baseball and NFL training camp ?
You can still focus on hockey if you have the proper resources . Especially in today 's world , it 's important to stay connected for up-to-the-minute information and speculation . This is an important summer for the St. Louis Blues , so make sure to stay up-to-date with the following sources .
St. Louis Post-Dispatch
The long-time leader in St. Louis print media , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch is still well connected within the Blues ' organization . The Blues page is always a good read before and after games , as well as a fantastic spot to find analysis an hour or so after a trade or signing . Beat writer Jeremy Rutherford is the most-trusted source for Blues news .
St. Louis Blues
Your obvious choice for information would be the Blues ' main website . Not only do you have easy access to the roster , schedule and stats , but a comprehensive blog that is put together by the director of digital media , Chris Pinkert . This includes in-depth game previews , player interviews and injury updates .
Fox Sports Midwest
The home of Blues television broadcasts , Fox Sports Midwest provides the best coverage of the team from the mainstream media . All year long you can check out its Blues page for timely articles and team news . Rinkside reporter Andy Strickland writes a semi-regular blog that appears on the home page .
Broadcasters
Wo n't be shocked to see Chris Butler make opening night roster… # stlblues will keep best Dmen regardless of contract — Andy Strickland ( @ andystrickland ) July 16 , 2014
KMOX 1120
The main Blues radio provider has a sports page that is constantly updated with St. Louis-based news . Broadcasters Chris Kerber and Kelly Chase have very active Twitter accounts that are happy to communicate with their large audience .
Broadcasters
Character matters- 1st thing on @ PaulyWalnuts26 twitter bio ? “ Brother of Yan Stastny ” . Family 1st ! Welcome Home to St. Louis Paul # stlblues — Chris Kerber ( @ chriskerber ) July 1 , 2014
St. Louis Game Time
This member of SB Nation provides its readers with off-the-wall and zany posts from time to time , as the blog is written by diehard and intelligent Blues fans . For the most part , STLGT has become a staple in game-day reading with its humorous , yet insightful , blog posts .
Writers
Neal to the Preds . The Predators have offense now . Is that allowed ? — Laura ( @ hildymac ) June 28 , 2014
Frozen Notes
Created by writer David Rogers , Frozen Notes always has the latest news and analysis about the Blues . The site was a finalist for “ Best Sports Blogs in St. Louis ” by the Riverfront Times in 2010 .
The Blues on Hockeybuzz
HB has faced its fair share of writers , including Andy Strickland and Jeff Quirin , but it seems to have settled on former Central Hockey League writer Randall Ritchey . They have provided Blues fans with commentary on multiple websites over the years , but it seems that HockeyBuzz is their perfect fit .
Hey Lebron , @ PaulyWalnuts26 retuned home first . — Randall Ritchey ( @ Blues_Buzz ) July 11 , 2014
The Hockey Writers
At The Hockey Writers , we focus on the commentary and analysis of the game and not just game recaps or breaking news . Fellow writer Mike Poepping and I have controlled the Blues page for some time and do n't plan to stop bringing you astute posts .
2013-14 stats : Sobotka- 61.9 FO percentage ; Stastny- 54.1 % ; Ott- 53.9 % . Backes- 51.7 % . I think we 'll be fine , # stlblues fans . Cool it . — Jeff Ponder ( @ jponder94 ) July 11 , 2014
Podcasts and Web Shows
Beyond Checkerdome
An offset from St. Louis Game Time , Beyond Checkerdome provides interesting and comedic commentary on Blues happenings , hosted by Tyler and Tim of STLGT .
Blues Hockey Podcast
Hosted by Jason Martine and Chris Frank , the Blues Hockey Podcast is a semi-regular show that breaks down games and any news tidbits .
KSDK Blues Face Off Show
Using the hashtag # faceoffshow on Twitter or Facebook , fans can interact with this webcast that is recorded in-studio at KSDK News Channel 5 in St. Louis . This is hosted by THW writers Jeff Ponder and Mike Poepping .
Chicago Wolves
The two-time Calder Cup champions are the AHL affiliate for the Blues . The two franchises reached an agreement in 2013 and next season ( 2014-15 ) will mark their second campaign working together . The Wolves have housed such talent as Troy Murray and Chris Chelios in the past and saw Blues property Jake Allen , Ty Rattie and Dmitrij Jaskin suit up last season .
The Statistical Case For Quade Cooper
Amongst all the angst and hysteria of yellow jerseys being called yellow and not gold . And the dramas of the toxic environment comments . And the thousands of comments , articles and forum threads devoted to Quade Cooper being or not being selected for the Wallabies squad . It seems to me that one small fact seems to have been neglected .
How do the wallabies go with and without Quade Cooper ?
Quade had been playing for the Wallabies since 2008 and has played in 38 of the 71 matches played since then . Because Quade played all the matches at the world cup I have n't added a seperate chart for them although they are included in the ‘ all games ' section .
As you can see with Cooper the Wallabies have won many more games than with out him . This table shows just how stark the difference is .
Wallabies Bledisloe Cup Coopers Bledisloe Cup Wallabies TRC Cooper TRC Wallabies All Games Cooper All Games played 12 5 15 13 33 38 Won 1 2 4 8 16 26 Win % 8.33 % 40.00 % 26.67 % 61.54 % 48.48 % 68.42 %
The fact that their win percentage is much higher than the Wallabies against the quality opposition in Bledisloe cup games and Rugby Championship games speaks volumes for their big match temperament .
I 'll leave it to you to make your own conclusions on this subject .
Given their form in Super Rugby and these statistics in my opinion the only reasons Robbie Deans has to leave Quade Cooper out of the Wallabies squad would have to be personal .
Here 's some Cooper vision to remind you what they can do .
Choices choices .
The 2011 Sydney Forum — since the late scratching of the Inverell Forum , now Australia 's # 1 annual fascist gathering — will be held in Sydney on October 8/9 . The 2011 Ian Stuart Donaldson Memorial Concert — “ a younger persons ' music gig ” aka the largest annual gathering of neo-Nazi skinheads in Australia — will be held in Melbourne on October 8 . The unfortunate clash between the two events , following several years of separate scheduling , may be a result of the simmering tension between the two neo-Nazi skinhead groups Blood & Honour/Southern Cross Hammerskins ( B & H/SCHS ) and Volksfront Australia ( VF ) .
VF leader Welf Herfurth is Sydney Forum MC and Chris Smith ( VF , Creatard * and blogger ) another of its more enthusiastic and prominent organisers . According to a former B & H/SCHS supporter , VF 's rivals in B & H/SCHS have given VF permission to operate in NSW but in no other states , while close relations between VF and the scattered remnants of ‘ Combat 18 ' has done little to endear the Sydney-based cousin to the national body . Fortunately , the rivalry between the two tendencies has not reached the stage it has in the United States ( the birthplace of both the Hammerskins and Volksfront ) , where members of the two groups have been known to clash violently with one another .
As for the Forum itself , thus far it features Melbourne-based Australia First organiser Alex Norwick on why the ‘ Australianist Ethos Is The Most Contemporary Manifestation Of The Eternal Indo-European Idea ' , Benedikt Osváth on ‘ Persecution against artistic freedom ' and Dr Jim will be talking about how important it is for people like them to write the history of the far right .
While Norwick 's speech sounds like a load of old balls , the Benedikt Osváth case AS SEEN ON THE BOLT REPORT ! is actually quite interesting , the artist apparently violating Aboriginal lore by creating Wanjina Watchers in the Whispering Stone ( see : The Wandjina case demonstrates the lack of protection for Indigenous culture , Robyn Ayres , ART+law , September 2010 ) . Curiously , Osváth & Co have gained the support of another ‘ controversial ' artist named Sergio Redegalli , whose ‘ ban the burqa ' mural in Newtown was recently redecorated in support of Osváth .
With regards the ISD gig , there 's not a great deal to add . It 's expected to * Melbourne-based nazis Deaths Head , Ravenous and new kids on the block Waffenbruder , while a bunch of boofheads from Brisbane called Open Season will also be jackbooting on stage , the stage itself likely to be located in some scout hall or other in the outer ‘ burbs .
Business as usual , in other words .
See also : A Brief History Of Neo-Nazi Music In Australia ( December 2 , 2010 ) | 2010 Sydney Forum .
So I may have stolen this idea from dwtsfun on tumblr… .. 😛 Even though there are a few clear frontrunners in this group of Finalists , we have seen some upsets on this show before , so even some of the biggest long-shots might still have the ability to pull it out . ( Probably not , but it 's technically possible . : P ) So this post is going to be the advice I would give to each of the 10 acts we have left in order to give them the best possible chance at winning .
Darci Lynne Farmer : Darci has been the odds-on favorite to win all season , but that means they have even more pressure than the others to deliver . In order to stay ahead of the pack , she 'll have to do something to really put themselves over the top . So far , she 's proven they can do a variety of voices , as well as sing and do comedy while switching “ characters ” on a dime . For this last performance , I think they should add another element to things like they have each time . I would think either two puppets ( or maybe a two-headed puppet if that 's physically impossible…LOL ) or something extremely impressive for a ventriloquist to do . I know they can sing opera and yodel with their mouth closed , so probably one of those . But whatever it is , it 'll have to be EPICLY impressive .
Mandy Harvey : Like Darci , they have followed an upward path throughout the season , with each performance being more polished than the one before , and each song feeling distinct enough to feel like something new while still fitting in with them “ brand ” . Last week they even signed the lyrics . I think in order to win , Mandy will have to do something even more powerful than that . I 'm thinking something dedicated to the Deaf community , but not sure what that could be ( and as a member of that circle , she 'd probably have a better idea than I would ! ) .
Light Balance : Being a group will probably give them somewhat of a disadvantage , but they made it this far without ever being in danger , so maybe they have more dedicated fans than I thought ! In order to have a shot at the title , they 'll need to go bigger . Adding more characters/lights to really fill the stage or telling an epic story would definitely help their final act be a step up from their previous ones . My favorite thing they 've done all season is still that transition into the Wolfman segment in the Quarter-Finals , so if they can pull out more tricks like that tonight I think they 'll really wow the viewers .
Chase Goehring : In comparison to Mandy , who 's songs are memorable and distinct from one other , most of Chase 's pieces so far have sounded the same to me . The only one that 's stood out was “ A cappella ” , which I think was the very first one they did . That song had a lot of rapping in it , and I know that 's something the audience has been waiting for more of from him , so let 's hope we get more of it tonight ! Apparently , he 's written a brand-new song specifically for tonight 's show , so hopefully he 's listened to the feedback from the judges and their fans and pulls out something special that stands out as their best performance of the season .
Sara & Hero : Definitely the most improved act of the season BY FAR and I have no doubt they 're going to be at their very best tonight . They 've become an unexpected crowd favorite , so if they add in new tricks like they have been and do another fun storyline I 'm sure people will love this last performance . My one note for them would be to polish things up a little more ; there were a few times last week when tricks went wrong ( though they recovered exceptionally well ) and I 'm not sure that 's going to go over so well on a night with such prestige as the Finals .
Evie Clair : I 'm going to preface this one by saying I do n't want them to actually do this , but this post is about how to win the show and unfortunately I think this is the only way she 'll have a shot . They need to play up their father 's death as much as possible . Talk about them in the package , shed some tears , dedicate the song to them the whole shebang . Like I 've said before , I truly hope this is n't exploited by the show and that they can use this an method of catharsis and a source of positivity in their life , but to be honest I think it 's the only scenario that might lead to them pulling out the win .
Kechi : My “ advice ” to them would be the same as Evie : crank the backstory up to an 11 . Dedicate the song to the lives lost in the plane crash , involve their families in some way if you can , you know the drill . That 's pretty much the only way she 'll have a shot at winning .
Angelica Hale : Again , I hate this “ advice ” because it 's really not healthy for her , but this is about how to win , not how to please Julia the Pure AGT blogger . Angelica 's best path to victory would involve choosing a powerhouse “ diva ” anthem with as much belting as possible ( I warned you this would n't be healthy for a 10-year-old ) . It 'd preferably be a big emotional number , since they have to compete with the mother of all inspirational backstories . ( And who 's would that be ? That 's up to you , reader . : P )
Diavolo : I 'm really not sure what advice I 'd give to them , since their performance last week was one of the best things I 've seen all season and they still ended up in the Judges ' Save . I suppose I 'd suggest doing another big , multi-layered spectacle , but this time has the theme be emotionally resonant or just easier for the audience to understand . I really do n't like how the acts have to play down to the lowest common denominator sometimes ( and I do think the reason some really good acts have gone home or been in danger was because the general audience just “ did n't get it ” which is a real shame ) .
Preacher Lawson : This last one is just going to be something I personally want to see from him , because I doubt they can win . ( Though to be honest , I doubt most of these acts have a real shot at this point . ) What I really want to see Preacher do is get up there and roast AGT . Maybe not to the level you 'd see on , say , Reddit , but I think it 'd be really fun for them to tease the judges like they did Tyra last week , or make fun of the abundance of singing acts . 😛
What do YOU think the acts need to do in order to win Season 12 of America 's Got Talent ?
They line up for hours to see Sanders , snow accumulating on their puffy jackets and knit caps and uncombed hair . They fill college arenas , chanting , “ Ber-nie ! Ber-nie ! ” They gather in little knots as they wait for them to appear , engaging in impromptu rap sessions about pot legalization and campaign-finance reform . They are feeling the Bern .
If Sanders wins the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday , as they are favored to do , it will be because of the youth movement they have inspired . It will be a stunning result in a state that has historically been friendly to Bill and Hillary Clinton , a dramatic overthrow of the Democratic machine by a rebellious new generation of liberals . And if nobody saw this coming , that may be because nobody was listening to what the kids were trying to tell us .
For years now , a new leftist movement has been rising on college campuses . It speaks a new , radical language of intersectional identity politics . It is obsessed with social justice , with promoting the interests of the historically marginalized— and with policing its own adherents for their violations of its norms .
It has its own buzzwords , inscrutable to older generations of liberals : white privilege , rape culture , microaggressions , safe spaces . It has marched against its proximate oppressors , university administrations , and gotten college presidents fired ; it has demanded apologies for the sins of the past ; it seeks to exorcise the ghosts of Woodrow Wilson and John Calhoun . At a rally against police violence at Dartmouth in November , a protester screamed at a frightened girl , “ Fuck your white tears ! ” They are the children of the children of the '60s , and they are tired of being talked over and ignored . They are rebelling against the establishment , just as their grandparents did—only now , their grandparents are the establishment against which they 're rebelling . They are the most liberal generation in American history , and they want their due .
Into this simmering mix has come Bernie Sanders , an old-fashioned class warrior with no particular ear for the new slang . They have sometimes gotten it wrong , but they are trying to learn . The new campus left has adopted them as its champion , and now they are riding the wave it has created .
Sanders 's campaign strategy now hinges on getting them to vote , in ever greater numbers . They have been to three college campuses in the past three days . There are more than 200 chapters of Students for Bernie across the country .
“ If we can bring out a decent vote on Tuesday , I am confident that we are going to win , ” Sanders told the students here at Franklin Pierce University . “ And the reason is that we are doing something extremely radical : We are telling the American people the truth . ”
Sanders intends this as a sarcastic line : They call me a radical , but what 's so radical about telling the truth ? But that 's not how the kids take it . They want radical . It 's what they came for .
A Texas Democratic state senator has suggested that if Texas Gov . Rick Perry ( R ) wants to follow through with their plan to drug test their state 's unemployed , then the governor themselves should also be tested . According to Huffington Post , State Rep. Trey Martinez Fischer ( D-San Antonio ) said that as the largest recipient of government funds in the state of Texas , Perry should be held accountable alongside their fellow Texans .
Martinez Fischer said this their plan 's inspiration comes from the Bible .
“ The Bible talks about not judging others , ” they said , “ If the governor wants to sit in judgment , then we 're going to judge everybody by the same standard . ”
Perry announced on Tuesday that they intend to implement a drug testing program for everyone who receives unemployment benefits , making them the latest Republican elected official to call for such a measure . Lawmakers in more than 30 states have called for testing of people who receive public assistance , in spite of the fact that in every case thus far , the laws have been a resounding failure .
Florida 's Gov . Rick Scott ( R ) implemented a similar program in 2011 that ended up not only not saving the state money , but costing it more than if it had n't tested applicants .
Studies have shown that people on public assistance are actually statistically less likely to use drugs than the population at large . The Florida program returned a 2.6 perent rate of positive tests , mostly for marijuana . The estimated incidence of illegal drug use among the general population is above 8 percent .
Martinez Fischer claims that submitting to a drug test is no less than Gov . Perry owes the state .
“ He 's the largest recipient of government subsidies in the state of Texas , ” they said . “ His subsidy for their mansion is no different from someone else 's Section 8 voucher . ”
The state legislator also believes that the public is due some explanation of Perry 's “ Oops ” -moments during the Republican primary . The governor , they said , “ has yet to come clean with their association with painkillers during the presidential campaign . ”
The Princess Margaret Cancer Centre Home Lottery has pulled its “ Grand Prize Showhome ” in Markham , Ont . after a Global News investigation revealed a legal medical marijuana grow house was located close by that parents say had also caused children at an elementary school across the street to come home smelling like pot .
The $ 1.285 million fully furnished custom built dream home , which also includes $ 25,000 in cash for the winner , comes with an unexpected view .
Security cameras and extra ventilation for the growth house can be seen from virtually every window of the prize home and the smell of marijuana permeates the entire neighbourhood .
READ MORE : Grow houses near Markham , Ont . school leaves kids reeking of pot
The cancer foundation told Global News it had made the decision to “ replace ” the house , one of seven properties offered through the lottery , with a cash prize of $ 1.3 million .
“ It will never open . It is closed to the public . It is not longer a prize in the Princess Margaret Home Lottery , ” said Christine Lasky , vice president of the Princess Margaret Cancer Foundation .
“ All I can say is that I 'm so grateful for Global having brought this to our attention . We acted as quickly as we could . ”
The organization said in a statement that the homeowner of an adjacent house had a licence issued by Health Canada to legally grow marijuana for personal consumption , adding that the growing of a large number of plants in the house has resulted in an “ intrusive odour in the neighbourhood . ”
WATCH : Global News has discovered the grand prize home in one hospital home lottery is located next to a smelly neighbour . Jennifer Tryon has a Global News exclusive .
Lasky also said that “ nobody inside the building organization was aware of this situation ” before the decision to pull the home from the lottery , calling it “ very unusual . ”
“ I think it 's the right thing to do . They 'll get the full value of the prize . … We have many other properties that are available in this lottery program . Some people prefer the cash so this could be a very viable option as well , ” they said .
“ Obviously we need to inform people that have purchased the tickets already . We need to change our website and communication . ”
Lasky said the organization did not feel misled by the builder , Treasure Hill Homes , which told Global News it was the last lot they had available to sell in the neighbourhood .
They also said that was “ not accurate ” and that the charity had put a hold on the lots when they opened to the public .
WATCH : Medical marijuana operation causing a stink in Markham neighbourhood
The neighbourhood was previously the subject of a Global News story , after parents said children who attended a elementary school in the neighbourhood came home reeking of marijuana .
The homeowner , Wei Gao , previously told Global News they did n't live in the residence but has been growing marijuana there for two years .
They admitted to having 146 plants for personal medicinal use . Their licence was granted by Health Canada after they broke their leg .
READ MORE : Feds say kids should n't have to smell of pot because of grow house
In 2014 , the federal agency changed the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations , making home grows illegal .
Current regulations , however , allow for grow-ops only in industrial areas but Gao 's grow house has been grandfathered in under previous rules and therefore is allowed in a residential neighbourhood .
Former Conservative Member of Parliament for Oak Ridges—Markham Paul Calandra said the growth house was “ completely unacceptable ” last year .
“ We have moved very quickly to try and end these grow ops in our community , ” they said in the House of Commons . “ But the courts are fighting us every step of the way . ”
WATCH : Markham marijuana grow house concerns addressed in Parliament
The Princess Margaret Cancer Centre said the decision to pull the home from its lottery was made with the full support of Treasure Hill Homes and the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario . The company also told Global News it previously did not know about the growth house before the house was built .
The AGCO said in an email to Global News it had been in contact with the Princess Margaret Foundation regarding the house , adding it had “ no regulatory compliance concerns ” with the way it replaced the home with a cash prize .
The showhome is described on the organization 's website as “ the home you 've always wanted ” with “ timeless architectural appeal on the outside and spectacular design on the inside , ” in addition to being “ beautifully finished to every last detail . ”
The charity said a similar $ 3.7 million Kleinburg showhome listed as their “ biggest grand prize ever ” is still open for public viewing .
With files from Jennifer Tryon
AP Photo/Gerry Broome
8 . Jamison Crowder , WR , Duke
Particulars : 5-9 , 175 , senior .
Buzz : They have n't received much national attention , but he 's jet-quick and flies around making plays for the Blue Devils . In the past two seasons , they had seven receptions of at least 60 yards , 11 of at least 50 and 13 of at least 40 . Last season , they were tied for third nationally with five catches covering at least 50 yards , and in 2012 , they were tied for the national lead with four receptions of at least 60 yards . But he 's not a one-dimensional deep threat -- they have 184 receptions in the past two seasons . Four of their eight TD receptions last season covered at least 58 yards . In addition , they averaged 16 yards on 25 punt returns last season , with two TDs , and they were tied for the national lead with two returns that covered at least 70 yards . They also led the nation with eight punt returns of at least 20 yards .
Stack ranking -- considered by a number of current and former Microsoft employees as a major detriment , both career- and morale-wise -- is no more at the company .
Microsoft is announcing to its full-time employees on November 12 that there will be no more curve and no more reviewing `` on the curve '' at the company . Lisa Brummel , head of human resources for the company , sent an e-mail to employees notifying them of the change today , according to my contacts .
There will be `` no more curve , '' Brummel said in their email , and there `` will no longer be a pre-determined targeted distribution . ''
While other companies , including Amazon , Facebook and Yahoo , have their own versions of stack ranking that allows them to weed out `` low performing '' employees , it 's Microsoft that 's been criticized in the press for the stack ranking process .
A 2012 cover story by Vanity Fair , entitled `` Microsoft 's Lost Decade , '' famously bashed Microsoft and CEO Steve Ballmer for the stack ranking process , via which leaders need to rate a percentage of employees as top performers , good performers , average and poor .
Brummel 's mail said that the decision to change the way employees are ranked is part of the company 's `` One Microsoft '' philosophy and strategy . Teamwork and collaboration are going to be given more priority in the way employees are evaluated , going forward , they said .
Here 's a copy of Brummel 's mail to the troops :
To Global Employees , I am pleased to announce that we are changing our performance review program to better align with the goals of our One Microsoft strategy . The changes we are making are important and necessary as we work to deliver innovation and value to customers through more connected engagement across the company . This is a fundamentally new approach to performance and development designed to promote new levels of teamwork and agility for breakthrough business impact . We have taken feedback from thousands of employees over the past few years , we have reviewed numerous external programs and practices , and have sought to determine the best way to make sure our feedback mechanisms support our company goals and objectives . This change is an important step in continuing to create the best possible environment for our world-class talent to take on the toughest challenges and do world changing work . To learn more about the new approach to performance and development , please join me for a Town Hall today at 2:00pm PT , either in person in building 92 or via webcast ( see details below ) . Here are the key elements : • More emphasis on teamwork and collaboration . We 're getting more specific about how we think about successful performance and are focusing on three elements – not just the work you do on your own , but also how you leverage input and ideas from others , and what you contribute to others ' success – and how they add up to greater business impact . • More emphasis on employee growth and development . Through a process called “ Connects ” we are optimizing for more timely feedback and meaningful discussions to help employees learn in the moment , grow and drive great results . These will be timed based on the rhythm of each part of our business , introducing more flexibility in how and when we discuss performance and development rather than following one timeline for the whole company . Our business cycles have accelerated and our teams operate on different schedules , and the new approach will accommodate that . • No more curve . We will continue to invest in a generous rewards budget , but there will no longer be a pre-determined targeted distribution . Managers and leaders will have flexibility to allocate rewards in the manner that best reflects the performance of their teams and individuals , as long as they stay within their compensation budget . • No more ratings . This will let us focus on what matters – having a deeper understanding of the impact we 've made and our opportunities to grow and improve . We will continue to align our rewards to the fiscal year , so there will be no change in timing for your rewards conversation with your manager , or when rewards are paid . And we will continue to ensure that our employees who make the most impact to the business will receive truly great compensation . Just like any other company with a defined budget for compensation , we will continue to need to make decisions about how to allocate annual rewards . Our new approach will make it easier for managers and leaders to allocate rewards in a manner that reflects the unique contributions of their employees and teams . I look forward to sharing more detail with you at the Town Hall , and to bringing the new approach to life with leaders across the company . We will transition starting today , and you will hear from your leadership in the coming days about next steps for how the transition will look in your business . We are also briefing managers and will continue to provide them with resources to answer questions and support you as we transition to this approach . I 'm excited about this new approach that 's supported by the Senior Leadership Team and my HR Leadership Team , and I hope you are too . Coming together in this way will reaffirm Microsoft as one of the greatest places to work in the world . There is nothing we can not accomplish when we work together as One Microsoft . Lisa
A few readers have wondered aloud as to why Microsoft is making this move now , given that CEO Steve Ballmer 's replacement is expected to be named any time now . My personal guess is this is a move meant to calm the troops ( and keep them loyal and engaged ) in a time when there 's lots of upheaval at the company .
Immediately following GOP nominee Donald Trump 's electrifying Republican National Convention ( RNC ) speech , not even CNN could deny that the public was loving it .
In four polls taken immediately after Trump 's speech , viewers told CNN what they really thought .
Take a look at a compilation put together by a Twitter user :
https : //twitter.com/EaglesJesse/status/756354393977544705
For viewers , a whopping 57 percent said they had a “ very positive ” reaction to the speech , while only 24 percent said the speech had a “ negative effect . ”
Even more incredible for Trump was that 73 percent of viewers said the policies proposed in the speech would move the country in the “ right direction , ” with only 24 percent saying otherwise .
The speech left 56 percent of viewers saying they are “ more likely ” to vote for Trump .
The polls by CNN garnered quite the reaction on social media . Check it out :
DYSTOPIAN : The word the MSM has been ORDERED to use to describe Trump 's speech . OOPS ! Too bad CNN poll says 75 % Trump 's speech POSITIVE — slone 🔹 ( @ slone ) July 22 , 2016
Look at this poll last night on CNN gauging people 's responses to Trump 's speech . And this was on CNN ! pic.twitter.com/baLpDuwh6a — 🇺🇸🌟❌Dr.OLMO , ❌🌟🇺🇸🇵🇷 ( @ realDrOlmo ) July 22 , 2016
The amazing thing is that even though CNN probably skewed their own poll to hurt Trump , they STILL dominated . Real numbers must be amazing . — Bill Mitchell ( @ mitchellvii ) July 22 , 2016
https : //twitter.com/realkingrobbo/status/756390565957267456
LOL .. a CNN polls . Their heads must be spinning . https : //t.co/zcxOePhjtC — rider writer®♦️❌ ( @ HBwriterMike ) July 22 , 2016
https : //twitter.com/EricFehrn/status/756483527462518784
Trump CNN Snap Poll : 57 % had a `` very positive reaction '' to the address and 18 % `` a somewhat positive . '' 75 % ! Journalists in Full Panic Mode . — A Source Not Authorized To Speak … ( @ shootersix ) July 22 , 2016
Even CNN POLL says this speech was POSITIVE . # trumppositive https : //t.co/phPMkI7H9O — Truth is here ( @ CharlesMahoney8 ) July 22 , 2016
CNN/ORC Poll on Trump speech : respondents 41 % ID as Repub , 23 % Dem , 36 % ind . Poll `` does not and can not reflect the views of all Americans '' — mickeyblum ( @ mickeyblum ) July 22 , 2016
# CNN panel savage Trump 's speech but people in CNN focus group & poll see it different . People grounded in reality . https : //t.co/yunx9Tadys — Fernando Amandi Sr. 🇺🇸 ( @ FernandoAmandi ) July 22 , 2016
Sign up for our morning blast HERE
By Tom White for the Orbitz Travel Blog
As the craft beer boom continues , serious fans go to greater lengths to get their hands on the latest limited-release grail brews . Most of them are only available for a day , are n't distributed outside the brewery or the region , and have pretty big festivities surrounding their releases . Here are 10 beers—in no particular order—that exude enough cult status to attract connoisseurs from across the country .
1 . Surly Brewing Company 's Darkness Day
Where : Brooklyn Center , MN
When : October
Much like another brewery on this list , Surly opts to unleash their metal inspired Darkness Russian Imperial Stout all in one day during a grand event at their taproom . While the event is free to enter , bottle sales of the highly rated beer are limited to the first 1,500 in line , so you 'd better get there early .
Goose Island ©Tom White
2 . Goose Island Beer Company 's Bourbon County Brand Stout Variants
Where : Chicago , IL
When : Black Friday
Pioneers of the U.S. barrel aging movement , Chicago 's Goose Island unleashes BCBS and its several variants each year on Black Friday ( this year on November 28 ) . Chicago bottle shops see massive turnout for the event ( often in pouring rain/sleet/snow ) and with good reason . BeerAdvocate ranks five of the variants in their top 50 beers in the world .
Cigar City Brewing Company 's Hunahpu
3 . Cigar City Brewing 's Hunahpu 's Day
Where : Tampa , FL
When : March
A reference to Mayan mythology , Hunahpu 's Day is the release party for Hunahpu 's Imperial Stout , the barrel aged brew that received a perfect score from BeerAdvocate . In what has quickly become the South 's premier beer event , Cigar City had to start charging for entrance tickets , just to keep attendance numbers under control .
Founder 's Kentucky Breakfast Stout
4 . Founders Brewing Company 's Kentucky Breakfast Stout
Where : Grand Rapids , MI
When : April
KBS spends a year aging in caves beneath Grand Rapids , Michigan , a town voted `` Beer City USA '' several times . The release of this barrel aged Stout in Michigan is now such a big deal that Founders started `` KBS Week '' in 2014 ; the first , and perhaps only , chance to get your hands on one of the best beers on earth .
Alchemist 's pop-up van
5 . The Alchemist 's Pop Up Beer Sales
Where : Waterbury , VT
When : Year-round - dates posted on website
This tiny rural Vermont brewery quickly rose to fame after it released what many consider to be the finest IPA in the world , Heady Topper . While the brewery itself is closed to the public , they announce pop-up truck sales in local parks sporadically throughout the year . Just make sure you get in line early as they 've been known to sell 500+ cases at $ 75 each in less than an hour .
©Mary Hession Wilson
6 . 3 Floyd 's Brewing 's Dark Lord Day
Where : Munster , IN
When : April
Dark Lord Day might be the premier beer release in the United States . After demand for the event skyrocketed a few years ago , 3 Floyd 's now limits attendance to just 6,000 . Tickets to the event sell out in minutes as it 's the only day of the year where thirsty drinkers can buy the much coveted Dark Lord Russian Imperial Stout . It 's tradition that attendees raid their own stockpile and share it with others , turning this event into a huge unofficial tasting event .
Hill Farmstead
7 . Hill Farmstead Brewery , various releases
Where : Greensboro Bend , VT
When : Year-round
It 's hard to pick just one of the various Hill Farmstead releases as more than 20 of them rank in the top 250 beers in the world on BeerAdvocate . One thing you can be sure of though—people will be traveling from near and far to the middle of Nowhere , Brewery , just to get their hands on the more limited releases .
©Upland Brewery
8 . Upland Brewing Company , sour releases
Where : Bloomington , IN
When : Year-round , lottery release
Upland is constantly brewing their various sours at their downtown Bloomington , Indiana brewpub . However , that does n't mean it 's easy to get your hands on them . Demand for their sour line is so high , that Upland instituted a lottery system which entitles the winners to pick up a couple bottles of the precious liquid during a specific date range . Lottery winners who reside too far from southern Indiana have been known to hire fellow beer geeks to make the drive for them and pick up their allotment .
Allagash Coolship
9 . Allagash Brewing Company 's Coolship series releases
Where : Portland , ME
When : Year-round , unannounced dates
You probably know this Maine-based brewery by their flagship Allagash White . There 's a lot more to this Belgian inspired brewery , however , as demonstrated by their highly rated ( and highly sought-after ) Coolship series . Getting your hands on a bottle of one of these will require some luck as Allagash never announces when they 'll have the next batch available . Looks like you 'll need to pay a visit to Maine , stop into their taproom , and cross your fingers .
Russian River 's Pliny the Younger 2014 release
10 . Russian River Brewing Company 's Pliny the Younger
Where : Santa Rosa , CA
When : February
If the style `` Triple India Pale Ale '' turns you off , the reception this universally lauded beer gets should convince you to give it a shot . Available for only two weeks a year starting on the first Friday of February , you 'll want to plan your next trip to northern California around the Younger 's extremely limited distribution . Last year 's release saw wait times upward of eight hours outside the Russian River brewpub , and staff reported guests from 49 states .
“ Huh , so you make lies for a living ? ” That was the first question they asked me . It was also the first time I 'd told anyone I worked in advertising . I thumbed the glass of whiskey in front of me . Having landed my first internship earlier that day , at just 21 years old it was a bigger question than I realized at the time . It was a question about culture .
Commercial messages and manufactured iconography swirl with , around , between us . Thousands of brands occupy the collective consciousness and command a piece of the cultural pie . This is a story about how , and why .
The advertiser , the artist shape culture .
Our world is made of symbols . Theorist and philosopher Kenneth Burke described human beings as “ symbol-using animals. ” Or , as they later expounds , perhaps more accurately we should add “ symbol-making , and symbol-misusing , ” as well . Symbols are intrinsic to our nature and necessary devices for communication — substitution , abbreviation , and the construction of meaning ( feel free to hit that joint tucked away in your sock drawer about now ) .
And what is a symbol but a unit of culture ? When Andy Warhol created their Campbell 's Soup series it was said that they elevated “ vulgar ” pop culture to art . Yet , of this series , Warhol themselves said , “ I wanted to paint nothing… and the soup can was it. ” The Campbell brand is a corporate construction used to sell a product and therefore without any “ real ” meaning behind it — soup is pretty much soup . And yet , it 's not .
One shudders to think how “ Open Happiness ” may have equal symbolic footing with “ Starry Night , ” yet it 's almost undeniable . But this is relatively new . Only since the 1980s has branding stood at the center of the marketing approach and ethos . Not until after the Mad Men epoch did the raison d'être of advertising become as much about constructing brand images as selling products . And the result ? There are now as many associations in your head with Golden Arches as the Crucifixion of Christ .
An illusion of constantly being in motion .
Allow this observation , if you will : When it comes to using symbols and making sense of the world , seldom are we — the public , the audience , the consumer — willing to bear the burden of finding or deriving meaning . Rather , we often prefer ( consciously or not ) being told . The advertiser , like the artist , serves that preference .
With Campbell 's , some feel Warhol sought to tell us these deliberately constructed brands , these synthetic symbols , were meaningless . However , for many , the image of Campbell 's does not represent “ nothing , ” but something very real , and with very real emotions attached to it , experiences evoked .
Campaigns focused on knowledge building ( or “ corporate propaganda ” if you 're playing for the Ad Buster 's crowd ) have infused brands with meaning , and we in turn have assimilated them into our cognitive lexicon . We have adopted a language of brands , and we speak it fluently .
Like any language , we use it to make sense of the world around us . One need only walk into the supermarket of a foreign country to immediately recognize the extent to which we rely on our brand knowledge to decode and make decisions .
It 's not bread , it 's brioche , Ça Va ?
Are we drowning in a soup of manufactured culture that is at its core meaningless — as Esquire 's famous cover might suggest — or can we see the soup as something of value because , regardless , it means something to us ?
Successful advertising in the 21st century can be difficult to recognize because you ca n't stand back far enough to see the edges of the page . You ca n't look close enough to see the memetic DNA . Today , my industry ( when it does its job correctly ) focuses on creating culture — moving your world to the product , not the other way around . This is not subliminal advertising ( which I can tell you in all truth simply does not exist ) . These are not secrets . This is our world today : constructed , tested , optimized . And I 'm here to talk about how and why from the POV of an advertising analyst .
So , each week — here in the Love Charts collection on Medium — I 'll be using the local set of symbols ( charts ) to explore the synthetic side of culture .
Ideograms represent ideas or concepts rather than words .
When asked to name which of their works was most special to him , Warhol said it was their Campbell 's Soup can . “ I love it , ” they said , “ I just paint things I always thought were beautiful , things you use every day and never think about… . I just do it because I like it. ” Perhaps they did n't get it wrong after all .
—
Next Article in series : “ Advertising does n't have to suck . It just usually does . ”
More on advertising and culture at languageofbrands.tumblr.com
A family is reunited after a frantic search a child with autism . The boy disappeared at Westfield shopping mall.Family and friends let out a cheer after getting word 8-year-old Brooklyn Venter is safe . More than a hundred volunteers showed up to help dozens of police officers in the search for the boy , who has autism and is non-verbal . Then minutes later , with their relieved parents , they arrive . `` He was pretty startled , happy to see me and my wife , '' says their father , Rafael Venter.He 'd been with their mother on the playground outside the L.L . Bean store at about 1:15 p.m . They say they noticed a friend and turned their head for a couple seconds . When they turned back around , they were gone . It quickly led to a massive search of the mall and surrounding area , with no luck , until a store employee found them curled up at the top of a restricted stairwell near the roof of the L.L . Bean store . `` The store was searched , '' said Cmdr . David Pawlak of the Skokie police . `` You would n't even see him . `` After thanking police and the volunteers for their help , Mom , Dad and Brooklyn were off with a wave goodbye . `` He 's gon na go to bed , '' said their father , `` And get a lot of kisses . ''
Confluence restoration at the Arroyo Seco watershed will be part of the first phase of construction
Nearly a decade in the making , the City of Los Angeles ' efforts to revitalize the Los Angeles River hit a major turning point this week by getting the final plan for the city 's river restoration approved by the Civil Works Review Board of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Washington , D.C .
Mayor Eric Garcetti , along with long-standing river stakeholders from L.A. , presented the recommended plan of Alternative 20 , or RIVER Alternative ( Riparian Integration via Varied Ecological Introduction ) , laid out in the $ 9.71-million Los Angeles River Ecosystem Restoration Feasibility Study initiated in 2006 . The $ 1.3-billion plan will restore an 11-mile stretch of the Los Angeles River from Griffith Park to Downtown Los Angeles and will remove about six miles of concrete that will provide 80 acres of wetlands restoration , parkland creation while maintaining existing levels of flood risk management .
`` We have reached a massive milestone in this ten year process , although we still have a lot of ways to go before people can actually see any changes , '' said Vicki Curry , a spokesperson for Mayor Garcetti .
Although the project has made great strides , a year-long process to secure funding from Congress awaits . The recommended plan will now go through a process of state and agency review before reaching the Army Corps ' Chief of Engineers , Lt. Gen. Thomas Bostick , for their recommendation , and to Assistant Secretary of the Army , Jo-Ellen Darcy , for administrative review before being submitted to Congress in early 2016 . Once authorized by Congress , the funding will be appropriated through the Water Resources Development Act ( WRDA ) .
When the city will break ground is still too soon to tell , but the first phase -- known as Reach 6 in the study -- will include the restoration of riparian habitat and widening of the river at Taylor Yard , and confluence restoration at the Arroyo Seco watershed . `` The first phase of construction has the greatest potential for removal of concrete in the river , '' said Curry in an email .
`` There 's a lot of worry about the cost but it 's not going to be a $ 1.3-billion check written at once , '' said Jay Field , spokesperson for the Los Angeles office of the Corps of Engineers . The funding will come incrementally as the city works towards getting funding from a number of sources as the plan rolls out , including local and state avenues , Curry said .
Although WRDA funds will take at least a year to secure , once the CWRB has approved the plan , Congress can immediately allocate funds for the pre-construction engineering and design stage of the plan , which is estimated to cost approximately $ 85 million . `` We want to have the plans in place and ready to go so we can get started immediately on construction , '' Curry said . `` The mayor has spoken to members of Congress and Senators and federal agencies all along the way , so things will be lined up and ready to go . ''
One issue of debate has been the cost-share of the plan . This has moved Friends of the L.A. River ( FoLAR ) to launch a campaign to gain public support . `` The campaign is to promote support among members of the community for the 50-50 split and to communicate that support to the Army Corps of Engineers during the state and agency review period , '' said Lewis MacAdams , president and founder of FoLAR .
The recommended plan offers two options -- it would have the city cost-sharing the project at 88 % or 73 % , possibly leaving the city to shoulder more than $ 1.18-billion of the cost . The 50-50 split was recommended by Darcy with the condition that the city would have to forgo reimbursement for any acquired real-estate relating to the project . It has also been suggested by Darcy that the federal funding could be brought to a more equitable cost share , details for which will continue to be refined during the review process .
As real-estate prices continue to climb in river-adjacent communities , the price for the parcels of land outlined in the project rise as well , making it the main factor for the increased cost of the plan . The Los Angeles Trailer and Container Intermodal Facility ( LATC ) , also known as the Piggyback Yard -- a 125-acre Union Pacific yard and is the largest open space in the restoration plan -- has come at a big cost because it includes the relocation costs of Union Pacific 's facilities in addition to the real estate costs . Taylor Yard is much easier because there 's no relocating of facilities , said Field .
Curry and Field both said It 's too hard to tell how long it will take to complete the project -- it could perhaps take decades , Curry said .
UPDATE , Jan. 21 , 2:24 p.m : The original copy of the YouTube video above was deleted by its user . The clip above is a different copy of the video uploaded by a different YouTube user .
Vine star and filmmaker Zach King may not perform magic in the traditional sense , but their expertly-edited six-second videos could put David Blaine to shame .
This Vine compilation from YouTube user FarlyTeem strings together some of King 's most mind-bending videos .
The Vine star 's absorbing videos show off their sharp editing skills . A bit of post-production magic lets King pull a kitten from a desktop photo , pour Nerds candies from their laptop and jump through walls .
In a sea of special-effects Vine videos , King 's perplexing clips keep us hooked with their simplicity . That , and their great sense of humor .
Image : Vine , Zach King
( H/T : Laughing Squid )
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Convicted rapist footballer Ched Evans will return to Sheffield United this summer on day-release from prison .
And if the striker 's fitness levels are up to scratch , they will sign a £3million three-year contract before Christmas .
Evans , 25 , is due to be fully released in October after serving half of their five years for raping a 19-year-old woman .
But the Welsh international will be allowed out on day-release from July and will return to Bramhall Lane for pre-season training while tagged .
Negotiations to bring back Evans started after Saudi Arabian Prince Abdullah bin Mossad bin Abdulaziz Al Saud , one of the world 's richest men and co-owner of Sheffield United , gave a nod of approval for their return .
Since then manager Nigel Clough and co-chairperson Kevin McCabe have frequently visited them behind bars .
A source said : “ The prince has sets their sights on promotion next season . They want an elite team .
( Image : PA )
“ As Ched is Sheffield United 's top goal scorer the prince gave royal approval for their return . It 's now up to the club to sort things out .
“ Ched will first sign an ­interim three-month contract in July while on day-release . They have been training hard while in prison .
`` He is confident their fitness levels will be up to the mark and they will rejoin their teammates fully by the end of the year .
“ As long as they pass the tests , they will sign a new £18,000-a-week deal . ”
Supporters ' club chairperson Pete Whitney , 78 , confirmed : “ Ched is ­coming back . They have their prime years ahead of him .
“ I am sure they will get a good reception but of course there might be a small minority who will object . ”
Evans was found guilty of raping a woman in a hotel room in Rhyl , North Wales , in April 2012 .
They admitted having sex but has ­always claimed it was consensual and plans to appeal against their conviction .
Their friend , former Port Vale and Walsall defender Clayton McDonald , also admitted having sex with the same woman but was cleared of rape .
Evans was transferred to Sheffield United in 2009 from Manchester City for £3million . They scored 35 goals for the League One club in 2011/12 .
Evans 's girlfriend Natasha Massey , who has always ­championed their innocence , revealed to the Sunday People two weeks ago how they are standing by them and plans to get engaged .
Beauty therapist Natasha , 25 , who visits Evans twice a week , said : “ Ched loves the club and supporters . They want their old job back . ”
( CNN ) President Barack Obama will address the country Wednesday to explain to the nation `` what our game plan is going forward '' in the fight against ISIS .
In an interview that aired Sunday on NBC 's `` Meet the Press , '' Obama expressed confidence that the United States , with help from regional partners , will be able to wipe out the terror organization .
`` I just want the American people to understand the nature of the threat and how we 're going to deal with it and to have confidence that we 'll be able to deal with it , '' the President told interviewer Chuck Todd .
They said action will include military , diplomatic and economic components . They laid out a three-stage plan that starts with actions the U.S. has already taken : gathering increased intelligence on ISIS , and using airstrikes to protect American personnel , critical Iraqi infrastructure like the Mosul Dam , and cities such as Irbil in Iraqi Kurdistan .
JUST WATCHED Is Obama foreign policy cautious or weak ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is Obama foreign policy cautious or weak ? 03:17
JUST WATCHED President Obama faces the press Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH President Obama faces the press 03:06
JUST WATCHED Dems : Obama too cautious on Isis Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dems : Obama too cautious on Isis 02:58
`` The next phase is now to start going on some offense , '' they said . `` We have to get an Iraqi government in place , and I 'm optimistic that next week we should be able to get that done . ''
They said their speech wo n't announce the involvement of U.S. ground troops . `` We 're not looking at sending 100,000 American troops , '' they vowed .
The President gave their most direct and detailed assessment of ISIS since the terrorist group has brutally decapitated two American journalists and killed thousands of Iraqis . It is a vastly different message than they gave nearly two weeks ago , when they said the U.S. did n't have a strategy `` yet '' to deal with ISIS in Syria , and in January , when they called it and other groups the JV team .
`` Well , they 're not a JV team , '' Obama said in Sunday 's `` Meet the Press '' interview .
The President received praise from recent critics who had said they were too timid as the scope , depth and capabilities of ISIS continue to grow .
`` I want to congratulate the President . They are now on offense , '' Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said on CNN 's `` State of the Union . ''
`` It 's overdue , but the President is now there , '' the California Democrat added .
Them counterpart in the House , Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee , echoed Feinstein 's sentiment , also on CNN . `` This is the toughest talk that we have heard from the President , and I agree with Sen. Feinstein -- that 's a good thing because they are a threat . ''
But not everyone applauded . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who is considering a run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 and has criticized Obama for not acting quickly or strongly enough , said , `` American foreign policy is in the hands of someone who does not know what he 's doing . ''
`` I believe this president has committed a presidential malpractice in their foreign policy , '' Rubio added on CBS News ' `` Face the Nation . ''
Congressional 'buy-in '
Congress returns to Washington this week from a five-week break and will immediately face questions about ISIS .
Obama said they will meet with members of Congress on Tuesday to discuss the administration 's strategy , let lawmakers `` have buy-in '' and debate the plan . But asked by Todd if they were seeking congressional authorization of their strategy , Obama appeared to say no .
JUST WATCHED U.S. strikes ISIS near key dam Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. strikes ISIS near key dam 02:36
JUST WATCHED See brutal anti-ISIS video Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH See brutal anti-ISIS video 03:28
JUST WATCHED Is ISIS already inside the US ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is ISIS already inside the US ? 02:44
`` I 'm confident that I 've got the authorization that I need to protect the American people , '' they said .
But Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who is also considering a 2016 presidential run , said on ABC 's `` This Week '' that any additional military action `` should absolutely take congressional approval . ''
Their colleagues in the House , however , did n't agree , saying the President has the constitutional authority to act without Congressional authorization .
The top Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said , `` I believe as commander in chief they have the absolute power to carry out these attacks . ''
Democratic Rep. Adam Smith of Washington agreed , saying the President does n't need authorization but that `` it would be better if Congress would authorize it . ''
They added , however , that it would be `` extraordinarily difficult '' to get through the partisan body , especially less than two months before an election .
Syria
While the U.S. plan to help Iraqi and Kurdish troops take back areas under ISIS control is key to defeating the militants , Obama said the strategy will also have economic and political prongs .
Their plan will involve working to `` attract back Sunni tribes that may have felt that they had no connection to a Baghdad government that was ignoring their grievances . ''
As for the military , they insisted U.S. troops will not take the lead .
`` We do n't have the resources '' to `` occupy '' numerous countries , they said , so a more `` sustainable strategy ... means the boots on the ground have to be Iraqi . ''
But what 's unclear still is if they will authorize airstrikes in Syria .
ISIS gained power and strength there trying to defeat Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country 's complex civil war , and foreign policy hawks have been pushing for the U.S. to strike ISIS command centers and weapons stockpiles .
Obama did n't indicate in the interview aired Sunday whether they were going to move forward with airstrikes but said the U.S. will `` need to put more resources '' into vetted groups that oppose both al-Assad and ISIS in Syria .
`` We 're going to have to develop a moderate Sunni opposition that can control territory and that we can work with , '' they said , insisting there will be no U.S. troops on the ground . `` The notion that the United States should be putting boots on the ground , I think , would be a profound mistake . And I want to be very clear and very explicit about that . ''
`` The boots on the ground have to be Syrian , '' they added .
The U.S. has no plans to move forward alone . After a NATO summit in Wales last week , the President announced the support of nine countries that are committed to pushing back against ISIS . They said their next effort will be to obtain the support of allies in the region . Secretary of State John Kerry is going to spend the upcoming week attempting to gain support from Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Turkey and the United Arab Emirates , the President said .
Threat to the U.S .
The President maintains that the terror group , which gained power in war-torn Syria and expanded into Iraq , is not an immediate threat to the U.S . But they noted that `` over time '' it could become a `` serious threat to the homeland '' if it is able to continue to expand territory under its control while amassing arms and fighters , especially Western fighters .
Wednesday 's speech , which will come a day before the anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , will help the American public better grasp the administration 's plan , they said .
`` What I want people to understand is that over the course of months , we are going to be able to not just blunt the momentum of ( ISIS ) , we are going to systematically degrade their capabilities , we 're going to shrink the territory that they control and ultimately , we 're going to defeat them , '' Obama said .
People usually hear about Linux being found in all sorts of devices and rather peaceful enterprises , but there are exceptions . DDG-1000 Zumwalt Class Destroyer is one of those .
Linux has been spotted in all kinds of places , at NASA , on the International Space Station , at particle accelerators , at labs from across the world , helping scientists with studies over the Antarctic , and so on . Engineers are using it to build humanoid robot and car manufactures are finding Linux an indispensable tool . There are two main reasons for this : security and reliability .
That also means that Linux can be used for other purposes as well , like in the scope of a sniper rifle or in the DDG-1000 Zumwalt Class Destroyer that is being built by the US Navy . Linux provides a solid platform to build safe and flexible operating systems and the US Navy apparently knows this . They are not using a particular distro , just the Linux kernel .
DDG-1000 Zumwalt Class Destroyer is basically powered by Linux
Zumwalt is a new class of destroyers that aims to have a low radar signature ( hence the weird shape ) and to be the smaller one in its class . And if we read about Zumwalt-class destroyer on Wikipedia correctly , we learn that it also comes with `` an integrated power system , which can send electricity to the electric drive motors or weapons , which may someday include a railgun or free-electron lasers , '' which is quite interesting .
The ship also comes with a cool and very different command center , that looks much more like the space-ships we 're used to seeing on TV . According to foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com , the entire ship features a `` Linux-based , Raytheon-built , Total Shipboard Computing Environment ( TSCE ) '' and uses 16 IBM blade servers .
Only three of these destroyers have been ordered and it 's one of the most expensive projects of the US Navy . Also , not much naval warfare has been going on in the past couple of decades , making this destroyer look out of place . In any case , the fact that Linux is used in such a huge project is a testament of just how important this OS has become in today 's world .
A look at how we use a string trellis system in our garden to guide indeterminate tomato plants upward . Plus , what is the difference between determinate and indeterminate tomatoes , why it matters , and companion planting .
This week is planting week . The last frost date happened this week . The rain has stopped . I can see the sun . The stars are aligning , and it 's time to get these seedlings in the ground . The first to hit the dirt were lettuce seeds , which went directly in the dirt , but after that , we started looking to tomatoes . I like getting them in as early as possible so I can start benefiting from them as soon as possible .
Last year we made a few changes to our tomato-growing strategy . It had actually been a 10-month process , but we consistently had issues with the tomatoes outgrowing their cages . I bought bigger cages . The tomatoes grew beyond that . I ended up with crowded tomatoes and not a lot of fruit for how large they were .
That same season I had made a visit to the Cascadian Farm home farm in Washington state and discussed their organic tomato-growing methods . I was smitten . The tomatoes grew proud and tall in nice , neat rows . I went home and demanded that we do the same the following year . So we did .
Last year 's tomatoes on the trellis at the end of July .
Determinate vs. Indeterminate Tomatoes
A String Trellis for Indeterminate Tomatoes
: These varieties of plants will grow large like a bush with their height capping off around four feet , making them suitable for tomato cages and container gardening . They should not be pruned or suckered , as it will reduce rather than increase the crop . Their fruit will all be ready around or near the same time . They are great for canning because you get a large crop all at once . Look at the maturity days for an idea of when they 'll be ready to harvest . : These tomato varieties grow like a vine . They can reach well over 5 feet tall . Our tomatoes last year were around 7 feet each . They 'll need to be staked , caged or trellised to support their weight , and the fruit will continue to bloom and produce as the plant grows until it is killed by frost . New growth can be pruned or suckered off to encourage fruit production . ( Most heirloom varieties are indeterminate . ) To be clear : This is not the only way to string tomatoes , and it is not the only way to grow them on a trellis . However , this is what 's been working for us . We gave it a season 's trial , and we were rewarded with a cleaner garden , healthy plants , and plenty of tomatoes that have lasted us all year.All we did was build a frame to hang over the tomato plants . Our frame leans back slightly , but you could also use a regular A-frame and have the strings straight up and down . A few eye bolts hold a length of garden twine taught along the bottom . Then we run strings of twine up to eye bolts at the top . Each string will have one tomato plant at the base , and we 'll use tomato clips to secure the plant to the string.Once the trellis is in place , plant the tomatoes at the base of the string . Small hands are good for this.This is the style of tomato clip we use . As the tomatoes grow , we snap the clip to the garden twine string where we want to secure the plant . The string is held in place , and the tomato fits into the opening . There 's no danger of damage to the plant , and I do n't have to bend and twist the plant around the string , which is a benefit to me .
What to Plant Near Your Tomatoes
Did you know that what you plant in front of your tomatoes can help or hinder the tomatoes and the other plant ? Practicing a bit of companion planting can increase yields and help deter bad pests and attract good bugs ( good bugs eat bad bugs ) . Organic farmers have been doing it forever , and you should , too . Here are a few things that you might consider planting in the shadow of your tomatoes :
Asparagus
Basil
Borage
Carrots
Cucumber
Onions and Chives
Spinach , Lettuce , Arugula
Nasturtium and Marigolds
Avoid planting these near your tomatoes :
Black Walnut
Brassicas ( cauliflower , broccoli , kohlrabi )
Corn
Fennel
Potatoes
So , for the foreseeable future , our tomatoes will be shifted between the raised beds this way . It works for us . If I had to change , I 'd probably move to a system of bamboo stakes . Have you had success with tomatoes in the past ? What kind of support system did you use for indeterminate plants ?
Right-wing radio host Hugh Hewitt allowed former Florida Governor and potential 2016 GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush to make false claims on their radio program about Indiana 's recently passed `` Religious Freedom Restoration Act '' ( RFRA ) without challenging Bush 's statements , and was wrong about the law himself .
Hewitt , who will be asking questions on the panel * for a Republican presidential debate , has been described as a more serious right-wing radio host than other conservative figures , and someone who is more likely to hold their guests accountable for their comments . But in this case , not only did Hewitt fail to do that , they also made the same false claims about Indiana 's law .
The law , signed by Governor Mike Pence ( R ) , allows individuals and businesses to cite their religious beliefs as a legal defense against discrimination claims of those denied services due to sexual orientation or gender identity . The law is facing extensive criticism , with calls to boycott the state increasing .
On March 30 , Hewitt hosted Jeb Bush on their radio show . During the interview , Hewitt asked for Bush 's opinion of the law , pointing out that not many Republicans had defended Pence for signing it . Bush said they agreed with the law , claiming it was similar to laws in other states , such as Florida , and at the federal level . Hewitt misleadingly conflated the federal 1993 RFRA currently in effect in the District of Columbia with the newer -- and broader -- state versions of which Indiana is the latest example ( emphasis added ) :
BUSH : I think Governor Pence has done the right thing . Florida has a law like this . Bill Clinton signed a law like this at the federal level . This is simply allowing people of faith space to be able to express their beliefs , to be able to be people of conscience . I think once the facts are established , people are n't going to see this as discriminatory at all . HEWITT : Yeah , the Religious Freedom Restoration Act was signed in 1993 . It 's been the law in the District of Columbia for 22 years . I do not know of a single incident of the sort that Tim Cook was warning about occurring in the District in the last 22 years . BUSH : But there are incidents of people who , for example , the florist in Washington State who had a business that , based on their conscience , they could n't be participating in a gay wedding , organizing it , even though the person , one of the people , was a friend of hers , and they were taken to court and still in court . Or the photographer in New Mexico . There are many cases where people , acting on their conscience , have been castigated by the government . And this law simply says the government has to have a level of burden to be able to establish that there 's been some kind of discrimination . We 're going to need this . This is really an important value for our country to , in a diverse country , where you can respect and be tolerant of people 's lifestyles but allow for people of faith to be able to exercise theirs .
Contrary to Hewitt 's and Bush 's claims , neither other state RFRAs nor the federal RFRA have the same reach as Indiana 's law , which explicitly includes corporations as opposed to only people , and allows religious beliefs to be used as a legal defense against an anti-discrimination claim in civil cases even when the government is not involved .
The latest hit to Alberta 's credit rating is just the cost of keeping Albertans employed , says Finance Minister Joe Ceci .
On Monday , Moody 's Investors Service downgraded the province 's long-term debt ratings From triple-A to double-A1 , blaming `` deep deficits and long return to balanced budgets forecasted by the province , and the resulting rapid and substantial rise of provincial debt levels . ''
Ceci says the province chose to go into debt , spending billions on infrastructure while resisting cuts to public services .
`` The bottom line is that we had a choice , '' they said in a news release Monday . `` We could have raised taxes , fired teachers and nurses , and made reckless cuts to social services . ''
In its recent budget , the province 's NDP government removed a debt ceiling and forecast a $ 58-billion debt by 2019 .
But Moody 's claims Alberta 's plan for recovery is marred by overly-optimistic oil-price forecasts , which have a huge impact on government revenues .
`` The province has forecasted that WTI crude oil prices will rise from $ 42 US/barrel to $ 64 US/barrel over the next three years , '' Moody 's states in a release . `` These prices remain above Moody 's oil price forecasts for the medium-term of $ 33 US/barrel for 2016 rising to $ 43 US /barrel by 2018 . ''
Moody 's warns that given the lengthy period of budget deficits forecasted , and the potential for weaker economic activity and continued revenue dependence on volatile oil royalties , the province 's fiscal health could deteriorate further .
Not first credit downgrade
This is not the first time Alberta 's rating has been downgraded recently .
Credit rating agency DBRS downgraded Alberta 's credit rating a notch to double-A a day after the province released its deficit-laden budget April 14 .
DBRS said the NDP government 's reluctance to rein in spending or increase taxation would push debt levels higher than a triple-A rating could justify .
In December , Standard and Poor 's reduced Alberta 's rating one notch from AAA to AA+ .
At the time , Ceci said they did n't expect the change to affect borrowing costs because they believed Alberta 's investors have already recognized the impact of low oil prices on provincial finances .
The latest credit downgrade came as Ceci headed to meet with investors and credit rating agencies in Toronto and New York .
During the four-day trip which started Monday , Ceci will deliver speeches to the Canadian Association of New York and the Economic Club of Canada .
`` We want the financial community to understand the global price shock Alberta faces , along with the prudent path we 've taken to address this challenge , and the fact our province remains a great place to invest and do business , '' said Ceci in a news release ..
Posted on -
The Wellcome Collection in London have curated some fantastic exhibitions over the years that grapple with the human condition in a way that is accessible whilst still maintaining a great deal of depth and vision . Brains : The Mind as Matter continues the trend and explores ‘ what humans have done to brains in the name of medical intervention , scientific enquiry , cultural meaning and technological change ' . Not much belongs on Future Conscience more than that , so let 's get into the review .
To begin with , it 's important to recognise that as a free exhibition such endeavours should only ever be commended as the public service that they are – providing enquiring minds with educational outlets that teach , provoke and inspire . It 's the last weekend of the exhibition , and when we visited in the morning it was n't too crowded ; but I walked by a few hours later and there was a queue around the block to get in . The way in which people were drawn into this exhibition , and the level of engagement that you could see in the people walking around was testament to our fascinating relationship with the subject matter .
Things start getting very meta when you consider that such a configuration consists of the visitor 's brain examining the physical objectification of brains and how they were/are understood within different historical and social frameworks formulated within the brains of the people conducting the work whilst distorted by our individual perceptions of what we are viewing and reading , a strange juxtaposition of the different states of mind that exist throughout time whilst the physical organ itself remains the same – sitting there in a jar gleefully mocking the audience of thousands in some kind of hall-of-mirrors endless recursion into ourselves . Sorry . I wo n't do that again .
What the exhibition mostly consisted of were numerous tools , drawings , models and videos that highlighted our attempts to understand something so complex and yet so central to our experience of being that you end up in a wonderfully recursive loop of enquiry that whilst progressing through time also can never really catch up to the sheer natural beauty of the organ itself . Given that this blog focuses extensively on technology , I was also interested in the changing ways that we have tried to examine and manipulate the brain through technological means .
The exhibition showcased everything from macabre looking cranial screw kits ( trephines , new word for the day ) , head calipers for measuring and categorising people according to skull size , a copper coil MRI ‘ jedi ' helmet for children , electroconvulsive therapy machines , containers for storing cryogenically frozen brains , through to holographic imagery systems and micron-thick brain slicing/scanning devices . The exhibition did n't cover ( at least not that I saw ) the many issues now being discussed in the futurist field about our ability to technologically or artificially reproduce the function of the brain – although this veers more into ‘ mind ' territory than the physical brain itself which was the theme of the exhibition .
There was an oddly quaint approach to cases of ‘ disturbing imagery ' that smacked of a world of political correctness gone mad . Upon walking into the exhibition there was an usher standing at the door whose sole job it was to hand you a little flyer warning you of the possible emotional turmoil you might face at looking at icky things . On top of this were numerous warnings as you make your way in , then you get to the ‘ disturbing ' videos themselves and they are placed behind these strange little viewing windows which require you to actively attempt to view them rather than risk the possibility of being disturbed by an accidental viewing ( see the image , I 'm not sure whether this is a new trend in exhibition design but I 've never seen something quite so protective ) .
The exhibition itself also seemed to be lacking some narrative cohesion , and the way in which the various elements were split into different categories ( measuring/classifying , mapping/modelling , cutting/treating etc . ) meant that it regressed into the more traditional collection of objects with small amounts of interpretative text alongside each rather than building a more contemplative approach to the subject matter that could have been much more directly thought-provoking . There was a good mix of different approaches to the object of the brain , from the artistic to the scientific with a dose of cultural in there when it came to the subject of donating or experimenting upon the brain . There was just something about the exhibition design which left it all feeling less cohesive then it could have been , although once again the Wellcome Collection must be commended for the quality and breadth of the objects on display .
I came away from the exhibition fascinated by the acceleration in our approach to understanding and interacting with our crown organ . The exponential curve of technology that is well understood within the futurist community was here on stark display , and yet amongst it all we did n't seem to be much closer to breaking through the elusive boundary that separates physical enquiry and objective classification from the experience of consciousness and its capacity for infinite incarnations . The exhibition removed itself from this discussion by focusing on the physicality of the brain , and yet it existed as a spectre running throughout everything – something displayed quite strongly in the artistic pieces and even the vintage film posters . The inquisitive nature of the brain trying to objectively grasp itself is a wonderfully paradoxical aspect of the human condition that matches the depths of theological and philosophical paradox , themselves an inextricably linked component of the whole process .
Objective and subjective , physical and metaphysical , scientific and artistic , division and unity ; all of these working around one another in a more dynamic and fluid form then we are able to appreciate when examining life through individual lenses that are themselves at every moment acting out the miracle of the micro within the macro . It 's hard not to find yourself going down such contemplative paths when literally confronted with the physicality of the organ that allows us to think and be . For this alone the latest exhibition from the Wellcome Collection is a resounding success , another feather in their very illustrious cap . I look forward to seeing what they bring us next .
A quick note of appreciation ( or possibly apology ) for the photos taken of the exhibition displayed here . If anybody from the Wellcome Collection is reading this , I did buy a copy of your exhibition book as compensation for my clandestine photography . It 's a great book , and I suggest others who did n't get a chance to visit pick it up as well .
Jokes about the Queen 's sex life on David Baddiel 's Radio 4 show and Fox News host Sean Hannity 's coverage of the US election have been found in breach of UK broadcasting rules .
The episode of Baddiel 's Do n't Make Me Laugh , which aired at 6.30pm on the Queen 's 90th birthday , included the subject “ the Queen must have had sex at least four times ” . Panelists included Russell Kane , Sara Pascoe , Omid Djalili , and Adam Hess , with Baddiel introducing the second round .
The regulator said some of the jokes about the Queen and Prince Philip were not justified by the context , and were even more likely to cause offence because listeners would have thought they were being deliberately broadcast on the Queen 's birthday . The programme was cleared by BBC executives before the broadcast date was known .
The BBC Trust previously ruled that the segment breached its editorial guidelines and the show has since been cancelled .
Ofcom said : “ We considered that comments about the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh were made in a mocking way , which would have been perceived by many listeners as humiliating and intrusive . Ofcom took into account that the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh were public figures with wide exposure in the media .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fox News presenter Sean Hannity speaks at a Republican campaign rally . Photograph : AP
“ Nonetheless , we considered that the mocking and demeaning tone of these comments made them capable of causing offence . The potential for offence was increased by the fact that these remarks were broadcast on the Queen 's 90th birthday . ”
Ofcom also censured Fox 's Hannity show over its coverage of the US election in three broadcasts in early August , saying it “ presented an overwhelmingly one-sided view ” in favour of Donald Trump 's bid for the White House .
The episodes of Hannity included segments on topics such as the investigation into Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email server – which have not resulted in any charges – and an interview with Trump .
The regulator said the programme did not follow due impartiality rules requiring it to reflect arguments in favour of Clinton 's bid , despite viewers expecting the show to present a more favourable view of a Republican presidential candidate .
Hannity has been criticised for their pro-Trump coverage and providing the then presidential candidate with free publicity . Their Fox colleague , Megyn Kelly , has implied that Hannity 's show was a safe space for Trump to appear .
It is the first time Ofcom has found Hannity in breach of its rules , but Fox News has been censured five times over the past five years . Previous breaches include airing pro-Brexit views on the day of the UK 's referendum on EU membership and claims that Birmingham was a “ no-go zone ” for non-Muslims .
The head of Israel 's Mossad and its acting national security adviser made a secret visit to Washington D.C. two weeks ago and met with senior aides to President Donald Trump to coordinate policy between the Israeli government and the new U.S. administration , a senior official in Jerusalem said .
Mossad chief Yossi Cohen and acting National Security Adviser Jacob Nagel met with Trump 's National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn and other officials in the new administration two days before the president 's January 20 inauguration .
The meeting between Cohen and Nagel was the second of its kind since Trump 's election , with the first taking place in the beginning of December . Israel 's ambassador to the U.S. , Ron Dermer , joined the meetings during both visits .
— Advertisement —
The talks focused on Iran , the situation in Syria and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The officials exchanged opinions and information as part of the new U.S. administration 's efforts to devise policies on these issues , according to a senior Jerusalem official . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's bureau confirmed that Cohen and Nagel visited Washington and met with Flynn but would not provide details on the talks .
Overnight Thursday , the White House published its first Overnight Thursday , the White House published its first a statement regarding settlement construction following a string of decisions by Israel to advance the construction of over 6,000 housing units in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The statement also followed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's announcement that they would advance the establishment a new settlement – the first in some 20 years – to house the settlers evacuated from the outpost of Amona , taken down last week after years of delays .
The White House released the statement two hours after the Jerusalem Post published a report citing senior White House officials as saying that Israel did n't inform the Trump administration ahead of time about plans to announce construction over the past two weeks , and that these announcements undermine Trump 's efforts to promote the peace process . Senior officials in Jerusalem confirmed that this week 's announcement of plans to build The White House released the statement two hours after the Jerusalem Post published a report citing senior White House officials as saying that Israel did n't inform the Trump administration ahead of time about plans to announce construction over the past two weeks , and that these announcements undermine Trump 's efforts to promote the peace process . Senior officials in Jerusalem confirmed that this week 's announcement of plans to build 3,000 housing units in the West Bank was n't coordinated with the White House .
— Advertisement —
The official White House statement , which was signed by press secretary Sean Spicer , said that expanding the settlements in the West Bank could impede the Israeli-Palestinian peace process .
`` The American desire for peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians has remained unchanged for 50 years , '' the statement said . `` While we do n't believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace , the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal .
`` As the president has expressed many times , they hope to achieve peace throughout the Middle East region , '' the statement continued . `` The Trump administration has not taken an official position on settlement activity and looks forward to continuing discussions , including with Prime Minister Netanyahu when they visit with President Trump later this month . ''
On Thursday , shortly before the White House released its statement , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Netanyahu held their first phone call . The U.S. State Department did not provide details about the conversation . The Prime Minister 's Office offered a brief response to the White House statement , saying that Netanyahu will discuss various issues with Trump during their February 15 meeting in Washington , including the settlements .
The prime minister promised security cabinet ministers to hold a session before they leaf in order to devise the policy they are to present to the U.S. president . On Friday , the cabinet convened for a long meeting during which the ministers heard the annual intelligence assessment compiled by the Military Intelligence , Mossad and Foreign Ministry . According to a source who took part in the meeting but asked to remain anonymous , diplomatic issues that are to be discussed with Trump did n't come up .
Netanyahu will travel to London on Sunday afternoon and will Netanyahu will travel to London on Sunday afternoon and will meet with their British counterpart Theresa May on Monday – their first meeting since they became premier last summer . A spokesperson for May told reporters on Thursday that they are expected to tell Netanyahu that the British government 's stance is that continued settlement construction undermines the trust required for the advancement of the peace process and the achievement of the two-state solution .
OPD Officer Shavies : ' I 'm part of 99 percent , this movement could be the turning point , the tipping point ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon 11/11/2011 , 2:08pm PT
Some of the police brutality that has occurred at Occupy demonstrations around the country has been appalling . It 's particularly upsetting to watch as those cops seen violating the law and the Constitutional rights of demonstrators are also part of the `` 99 Percent '' themselves .
One of them -- - Officer Fred Shavies of the Oakland PD , who was revealed as an undercover infiltrator at Occupy Oakland -- - now concedes as much in an extraordinarily moving interview in which they condemn the violence by their fellow cops and says they see the Occupy movement as a possible `` turning point , the tipping point '' for our generation .
`` It looks like ... police shot tear gas into it , right ? '' says Shavies , referencing the October 25 violence in Oakland at the intersection of 14th & Broadway that The BRAD BLOG has documented in great detail here ( see here , here and here for example ) . `` That could be the photograph or the video for our generation . That 's our Birmingham , '' they explain , alluding to the police brutality that occurred during the otherwise peaceful fight for voting rights in the South during the 60s .
`` So , twenty years from now this movement could be the turning point , the tipping point , '' Shavies says during the interview , as they identify with the protesters in the `` 99 percent '' movement , adding that they are one of them . [ Video and more excerpts below . ]
We 're not among the anti-cop folks around here . We have , however , reported in great detail on the lawlessness demonstrated by some of the `` law enforcement '' officials in Oakland , referenced by Shavies , as well as the serious injuries they 've inflicted on peaceful demonstrators and even some who were n't demonstrating at all .
So while we do n't oppose the lawful men and women of law enforcement , some of them seem to be working awfully hard to give their brothers and sisters a very bad name . Those who have done so must be held accountable for their actions .
You 've seen some of the videos of NYPD officers violently pepper spraying peaceful demonstrators , and the videos from Oakland as seen in the articles linked above . Here are two more recent examples of appalling police behavior as witnessed on video tape .
The first is from Occupy Berkeley on Wednesday , where the actions seen below were reported by AP as little more than police `` nudging '' demonstrators :
Television news footage from outside the university 's main administration building showed officers pulling people from the steps and nudging others with batons as the crowd chanted , `` We are the 99 percent ! '' and `` Stop Beating Students ! ''
Really , AP ? `` Nudging '' ? ...
UC Berkeley Chancellor Robert J. Birgeneau offered this statement to justify the above `` nudging '' : `` It is unfortunate that some protesters chose to obstruct the police by linking arms and forming a human chain to prevent the police from gaining access to the tents . This is not non-violent civil disobedience ... the police were forced to use their batons . ''
So the linking of arms , as used by non-violent protesters in this nation for at least half a century , including during the Civil Rights marches and protests in the 60s led by Dr. Martin Luther King , are no longer considered `` non-violent '' , according to UC Berkeley 's Chancellor .
The second is this recent example , via PoliceLeak.com , of a cop at Occupy Dallas blatantly shoving a demonstrator off a 4 ft. ledge ...
So the following interview by Justin Warren with Oakland 's Officer Shavies , the Oakland PD 's plain-clothed `` infiltrator '' , is particularly welcome and comes not a moment too soon ...
One of the key quotes from the interview ...
SHAVIES : I 'm a police officer . I 'm part of the 99 percent . [ ... ] In the '60s when people would protest , would gather in order to bring about change , right ? Those protests were nonviolent they were peaceful assemblies . They were broken up with dogs , hoses , sticks . [ ... ] In Oakland , it looks like there was a square , and police shot tear gas into it , right ? That could be the photograph or the video for our generation . That 's our Birmingham . So , twenty years from now this movement could be the turning point , the tipping point , right . It 's about time your generation stood up for something , right ? It 's about time young people are in the streets . [ ... ] Y'all do n't need to throw gas canisters into a crowd of people that are occupying an intersection .
Incidents of police violence are isolated , to be sure . They ought not give the police as a whole a bad name any more than isolated incidents of violence by protesters ( more often provoked by police than not during Occupy demonstrations , from our reporting ) should be used to condemn the Occupy Movement as a whole .
But the police , of all citizens -- - many of them former members of the Armed Forces who have fought overseas to defend our Constitutional rights -- - ought to know better . They ought to stand in defiance of unlawful , unconstitutional orders . They ought to be standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the vast , overwhelming majority of 100 % peaceful demonstrators around the country . They ought to be turning around and arresting their fellow officers when they are seen violating the law and the rights of peaceful citizens .
In some of our earlier coverage of the Oakland PD 's violent confrontation with demonstrators , and the unprovoked and unlawful use of tear gas against them , we noted that we `` ca n't help but look at the faces of the police in gas masks ... as they '' stood quietly behind barricades across from peaceful demonstrators , `` and wonder what they must be thinking to themselves . ''
When some 15 other agencies from elsewhere joined the Oakland PD in their multi-agency task force on October 25th , it might have been easy for many of them to face the demonstrators . Not so for Shavies , as they note in the interview above , offering a brief glimpse of what was going on in at least their mind during that moment ...
So for someone to say , `` You are a tool of the man , '' it started to bother me ... To stand there and have another black dude stand across the barrier and say `` Man , you ai n't a black man , you oughta be ashamed of yourself . You are a traitor . How can you be a black man and be a cop ? How could you be this and stand on that side ? Your mom wo n't even respect you . '' So , in my mind , I 'm smiling like , ya know , `` Is they serious ? '' But , they kinda really feels that way . Which is also troubling to me , right ? In the sense that I should have to choose . To me , it 's not black and white . It 's gray . Right ? I 'm a police officer . I 'm a citizen of Oakland . I 'm a part of the 99 percent . It 's gray . And I guess that 's why it 's easier for people to go and police in a community they do n't belong to . You know , maybe in their mind it 's easier , because they 're ... because it 's just a job and they can take it off . I think about that stuff when I 'm at home . It 's not just a job for me . I ca n't just take it off . I do n't take my uniform off , or my vest , and then ... like , that stuff sticks with me . Because I 'm from Oakland .
Ten Questions for Joseph Laycock on Vampires Today : The Truth About Modern Vampires ( Praeger , release date : May 30 , 2009 ) .
What inspired you to write Vampires Today ? What sparked your interest ?
Some people think I study vampires simply because they are unusual . I 've even been asked if I am a vampire myself . The reality is that I became interested in the vampire community when I learned of a massive survey being conducted by the Atlanta Vampire Alliance ( AVA ) . Their project was relevant to the sociology of knowledge : instead of defining their identity group through a creed or a manifesto , here was a community defining itself through data . I began doing ethnographic research with the AVA , which led to a paper I presented at the American Academy of Religion . I frankly did not expect to be taken seriously simply because I was discussing vampires .
To my surprise , I was contacted by several scholarly journals as well as reporters . It was Praeger who approached me about writing a book . They had noticed a heightened interest in vampires in the wake of Twilight and the Charlaine Harris novels—phenomena I was completely ignorant of at the time . Through the AVA , I began to find more contacts throughout the country and throughout the world . As it turns out , there are many groups of people who consider themselves to be ontologically different from normal humans . There are people who identify with angels , fairies , wolves , etc . By the end of my research I became convinced that this is a sizable community worthy of serious study .
What 's the most important take-home message for readers ?
By studying vampires , we study ourselves . I am concerned that despite the best intention of many scholars , the term “ new religious movement ” ( a label that has been applied to vampires ) carries with it the subtext that a group is totally “ other. ” While it may be comforting to think that we are totally different from vampires , this is not the case . Rather , I see vampires as indicative of much broader changes in our society . Modernity has been a gradual progression from an ascribed , collective identity to an achieved , personal identity . Modern people are expected to choose their vocation as well as their religious affiliation ; pre-modern cultures generally lacked a vocabulary to describe sexual orientations , moderns speak of “ discovering ” their sexual identity . In a similar way , many individuals are “ discovering ” that they are vampires . This process of discovery is referred to in the community as “ awakening. ” For this reason I liken vampirism to Foucault 's idea of a “ technology of the self . ”
This is also a book about categories . Until very recently the statement , “ I am a vampire ” would have been meaningless . But through the AVA 's survey project and increased media attention , “ vampire ” has become an increasingly valid category of person . One consequence being that we will all become non-vampires , where before we were not . I was recently contacted by MTV about the possibility of hosting a show on modern vampires . They were looking for an expert who was both young and not a vampire . They asked me my age and then asked , “ And are you a vampire ? ” Had I not identified with the category of “ non-vampire , ” they would have withdrawn their job offer .
Is there anything you had to leave out ?
There were two chapters that had to be cut . One described my methodology as an ethnographer . As a religion scholar , I am not particularly interested in whether the subjective experiences described by vampires are “ real ” any more than I would be interested in empirically questioning a Christian 's experience of the Holy Spirit . But there were still many obstacles to navigate regarding the metaphysical claims of vampires . Of particular controversy was the existence of subtle energy or “ psi , ” which many vampires claim to feed on . Some of the vampires were quick to point out that I could not really understand their life-world if I dismissed the existence of subtle energy . By contrast , fellow scholars expressed concerns that I might lose my objectivity or “ go native. ” Robert Orsi also describes this dilemma in their study of lived Catholicism .
The other chapter that was cut concerned related communities . “ Therians ” have their own community for individuals who feel they have a connection to a particular animal . They relate to legends of lycanthropes and shape-shifters in the same way that modern vampires relate to the vampire of folklore . “ Otherkin ” is a blanket term that includes numerous categories of people who see themselves as ontologically different from other people . Many otherkin identify as elves , faeries , or dragons but the variety of “ types ” seems to be almost infinite . Like vampires , therians and otherkin point to changes in modernity that have facilitated the emergence of new and meaningful identity groups .
What are some of the biggest misconceptions about your topic ?
The biggest misconception is that the vampire community is a subversive religious group and that anyone who identifies as a vampire is a dangerous social pariah . There are several new religious movements within the vampire community such as The Temple of the Vampire , although these groups represent a minority of self-identified vampires . Many vampires even identify as Christians and atheists .
Several people expressed concern for my safety while working with vampires . Several journalists who have written on the vampire community , all of them female , describe moments in which they were frightened or made to feel uncomfortable . One of them even employed a personal bodyguard . However , I never once had even a vague sense of danger during this research .
There is a trope in American horror of the dedicated researcher who uncovers too much . The power of this trope played out in 1996 , when a reporter in New York vanished while doing a story on the vampire community . As I describe in the book , they were almost certainly killed by the Russian mafia . There is a certain romance in imagining that they were taken by vampires , but it is irresponsible to promote such a theory . I have encountered several cases of vampires suffering harassment , and this may become worse than awareness of the community increases . It is better to move past these Romantic ideas and begin seeing self-identified vampires more or less than ordinary people .
Did you have a specific audience in mind when writing ?
Praeger 's market is primarily university and public libraries . I have noticed many papers being written on this community ; mostly by undergraduates but also in academic journals . Often these papers are researched entirely online . My hope is that this book will provide a valuable resource so that continuing research on this community may be done in a more thoughtful way . Accordingly , any theory used in the book has been broken down into clear terms that will be useful to undergraduates . I believe that as public intellectuals , academics should not hide their ideas behind specialized vocabulary and neologisms .
I also anticipate that many readers will be vampires themselves . Every book and academic article that has ever been written on vampires has been tracked down , analyzed , and critiqued by this community . Accordingly , I expect the vampires to be among my toughest critics . I also recognize that some readers may be “ awakening ” themselves , and that this book may influence the continuing emergence of this community . It is naïve for a modern ethnographer to imagine that their research “ leaves no footprints . ”
Finally , I think that the family , friends , and neighbors of vampires may find this book helpful . I increasingly encountered stories of people learning that their significant other was a vampire and spouses who were confused by their wife or husband 's “ awakening. ” One of my lectures on the vampire community was attended by a woman and their young son : Them son 's friend had announced that they were a vampire , and the mother wanted to know what this meant . This book is not intended as an apology for the vampire community , but I think it may help non-vampires to put the phenomenon in perspective . One of the challenges of a democratic society is the accommodation of diverse identity groups .
Are you hoping to just inform readers ? Give them pleasure ? Piss them off ?
The “ basic facts ” about the vampire community are readily available on the Internet . There are also numerous books that have been written by journalists for a popular audience . My hope is to challenge the reader 's assumptions about self-identified vampires . I think most people are very comfortable regarding vampires as a fringe group . The idea that vampires could be their neighbors or have real ramifications for a democratic society infringes on that comfort . By the end of this study , I was shocked at the number of educated people I met who dismissed my work as a book on “ freaks. ” Ideally , I would like readers who dismiss this community to stop laughing , and readers who fear this community to perhaps smile .
What alternative title would you give the book ?
So many books have been written about vampires that almost every clever title has been taken . Our Vampires , Ourselves was taken . So were Something in the Blood and American Vampires . I had originally wanted to call it , “ Vampires : Modernity and Identity , ” but my publisher felt this title was vague and somewhat pretentious .
How do you feel about the cover ?
I love it ! It 's not the most scholarly cover , but it does capture the eye . It was created by Praeger 's art department using stock photos from a vampire club in New York . I should add that few vampires dress like the ones on the cover , and those that do usually do so only on special occasions .
Is there a book out there you wish you had written ? Which one ? Why ?
Yes , The Re-Enchantment of the West , Volumes I & II by Christopher Partridge . I first discovered Partridge because they have written on the modern vampire community . The term “ re-enchantment ” appears with increasing frequency , but it is usually invoked rather than defined . Partridge convincingly argues that secularization has actually created the conditions for new and meaningful forms of religiosity . This theory points to a common phenomenon behind a variety of seemingly peripheral movements , including vampires . I believe that re-enchantment theory will become an increasingly significant area of research for the sociology of religion as well as the study of new religious movements .
What 's your next book ?
I want to continue to challenge the relationship between “ mainstream ” religions and forms of religiosity that have been marginalized or portrayed as “ other. ” I tentatively plan to explore how Catholic practices such as devotion to saints , rosaries , and labyrinths have been appropriated by pagans and eclectic religious seekers .
I 'm thinking specifically of products such as divination cards using Catholic saints and books describing Wiccan uses of prayer beads . These products are catering to a market that is not Catholic but looks to Catholicism for mystery and embodied practices . It 's almost as though New Agers raided the Vatican 's dumpster and purloined all those elements that were downplayed after Vatican II . This research could lead to a dialectical model in which “ institutional religions ” and the eclectic milieu alternatively borrow from each other .
Israel is looking for two suspects in connection with the deaths of three teenage boys . whose bodies were found dumped in a pit two weeks after they were abducted in the West Bank .
Marwan Qawasmeh and Amer Abu Aisha , both residents of Hebron , were last seen on the night of June 12 , shortly before Naftali Frenkel and Gilad Shaar , both aged 16 , and 19-year-old Eyal Yifrach went missing while hitchhiking .
The Shin Bet , Israel 's domestic security agency , named the two men on Thursday as the prime suspects in the abduction and subsequent killing .
Little is known about the men , but it has been reported they have both spent time in Israeli jails .
Mr Qawasmeh , a 29-year-old barber , whose wife is eight months pregnant , was first arrested in 2004 for security violations , and since then has been arrested at least four more times . In an interrogation in 2010 , they are said to have admitted working on behalf of Hamas 's military wing in the Hevron area .
They have participated in Hamas training camps and has helped the group to recruit new members .
Mr Abu-Aisha , 33 , a local locksmith , was first arrested in 2005 , and remained imprisoned until 2006 . They were released , only to be arrested again in 2007 .
Mr Abu-Aisha 's brother was killed in 2005 when they threw an explosive at Israeli soldiers on patrol .
Israeli army and police in Halhoul where reportedly the bodies of the three teenagers were discovered ( EPA )
Their father Omar Abu Aisha has also been arrested several times for “ security offences ” .
Omar said they last saw their son dancing at a wedding on June 12 and had had no contact with them since .
The Israeli military took DNA samples from both parents , searched the house eight times and detained at least seven relatives , they said . They accused the Israeli Army of having kidnapped their son .
After the bodies were found on Monday night , both the suspect 's homes were razed to the ground by the Israeli army .
The abduction of the three Jewish students sparked a huge search operation in Palestinian towns and cities across the West Bank .
More than 400 Palestinians have been arrested , while five have been killed in fighting with Israeli troops .
The Theatre was one of London 's first dedicated playhouses An archaeological dig has recovered what is thought to be the remains of the theatre where Shakespeare 's plays were first performed . The Theatre was found in excavations by the Museum of London at a site in Shoreditch , east London , being prepared for the building of a new theatre . It was one of London 's first dedicated playhouses when it opened in 1576 . It was dismantled and its timbers taken to the South Bank , where they were used to construct The Globe in 1599 . A spokesperson for the Museum of London said it had long been known that an open air playhouse , called The Theatre , stood in this area , but traces of its exact location had proved elusive . 'Enduring secrets ' They said the open-air theatre was one of London 's first dedicated playhouses and it was here that a young William Shakespeare performed as part of The Lord Chamberlain 's Men company of players , and had their first plays performed . The archaeological team found the footings of what appears to be part of a polygonal structure during their evaluation of the site at New Inn Broadway . It is thought that they form the north-eastern corner of the building , which followed a design described in Henry V as `` this wooden O '' . Jo Lyon , senior archaeologist at Museum of London Archaeology , said : `` It 's extremely exciting to be so close to the known location of The Theatre and then find remains that look to be associated with it . `` As well as allowing us to walk in the footsteps of Shakespeare himself , the remains help us to start uncovering one of London 's enduring secrets . '' The site will be eventually be home to the Tower Theatre Company . Its chairperson , Jeff Kelly , said : `` The discovery that we shall be building a 21st Century playhouse where Shakespeare and Burbage played and where some of Shakespeare 's plays must first have been performed is a huge inspiration . ''
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
The hacking has raised questions about whether South Carolina was unprotected or simply unlucky . Most of the stolen credit cards were encrypted , but the Social Security numbers were not . The computer system that was hacked did not have a free layer of security monitoring offered to all South Carolina agencies , according to the State Budget and Control Board .
In a lawsuit filed last Wednesday , a former state senator , John Hawkins , said the state had failed to protect taxpayers and had not reported the attack promptly . The tax agency detected the attack on Oct. 10 and , after notifying federal authorities , alerted the public on Oct. 26 .
“ Obviously these hackers picked South Carolina because it was vulnerable , ” Mr. Hawkins said . “ I equate it to a burglar going into a neighborhood . He 's going to break into the house with no alarms and the door open . ”
But South Carolina is hardly the first state to suffer a large-scale security breach . In Texas last year , Social Security records for 3.5 million people were inadvertently disclosed to the public on a computer server .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In Georgia in 2007 , a computer disk containing personal information on 2.9 million people disappeared . At the federal Veterans Affairs Department in 2006 , an employee lost a laptop and an external hard drive containing the Social Security records of 26.5 million active-duty troops and veterans .
Gov . Nikki R. Haley said that South Carolina had a state-of-the-art security system but that the hacker nevertheless found a way around it . Them office said on Friday that it was encrypting all tax files to reduce the harm if any were stolen , and that the process would be completed within 90 days . The state is paying up to $ 12 million to provide a free year of credit monitoring and identity theft prevention to anyone affected .
Last Wednesday , the state disclosed that tax records for 657,000 businesses had also been hacked .
Anyone who has filed a tax return since 1998 has been urged to contact state law enforcement officials . By last Thursday , 653,000 people had called the state 's emergency hot line , and 521,000 had signed up for identity protection .
Within state governments , tax agencies face the highest risk for hacking , said Larry Ponemon , the founder of a security research firm , the Ponemon Institute . If stolen , their data can be used for tax fraud , credit card fraud and identity theft .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ This is the crown jewel for a cyberattacker : having the Social Security numbers , personal information and credit card for the same person , ” they said .
After the attack , state tax agencies , including in California , said they were monitoring their security particularly closely .
Michael Hicks , the director of the Maryland Cybersecurity Center at the University of Maryland , said states needed a clearer understanding of the attack in South Carolina .
“ The only way states can raise the level of vigilance , ” Mr. Hicks said , “ is if they really get to the bottom of what really happened in this attack . ”
So , this is an idea that has been in my head for a while . We all know Guggenheim has ruined Arrow , and that they refuse to take responsibility for their actions , even running away from Twitter because they ca n't deal with the facts . But what do the characters think of what they have done ? What if they decided to do something about it ? The answer is this story .
Marc Guggenheim groaned as they woke up . The last thing they remembered , they were in their office when they felt something sharp prick their neck , then nothing . As their eyes adjusted , they realized they were tied to a chair . They briefly wondered if they had been kidnapped by some crazed fan before they realized they were in a courtroom . They were in the defendant 's chair and there was a lawyer on the prosecutions side with glasses . There was a judge in the judge 's chair .
`` Excuse me , what is going on ? '' Guggenheim asked only to be ignored .
`` Let 's get started . Court is now in session , the characters of Arrow , Flash , and Legends of Tomorrow Versus Marc Guggenheim . The charges are as follows : ignoring source material , butchering of various characters , transforming an action driven show into a soap opera , and making the main character secondary in their own show to an insignificant character from the comics , '' The judge slammed their hammer down before looking over at the prosecutor , `` Mr. Murdock , make your opening statement . ''
`` With pleasure Your Honor , '' Matthew Murdock stood up and faced the jury , `` Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , what is human decency ? This man , Marc Guggenheim , has repeatedly denied all forms of it to their fans , to their characters , to the people who created the very material that gave them their show and job in the first place . They have all but bowed down to a group of fans that are a very small but vocal minority while ignoring the majority of fans and even insulting them by calling them a 'silent minority . ' I plead with you to find this man guilty of all charges . ''
`` Thank you prosecutor . Call you first witness . '' The judge ordered .
So , tell me , what do you guys think ? Tell me if you want any particular character on the stand why . Feedback is greatly appreciated .
A federal judge granted an injunction this weekend that prevents the government from enforcing the ObamaCare mandate requiring religious groups across the country to provide insurance that includes access to the morning-after pill and other contraceptives .
The preliminary injunction , issued in an Oklahoma City federal court , is based on a class-action lawsuit filed in October by 187 ministries .
The court order Friday came just days before ObamaCare coverage begins January 1 , which could have resulted in the ministries facing thousands of dollars a day in tax penalties .
The groups provide employees with health benefits through GuideStone Financial Resources , the health benefits arm of the Southern Baptist Convention .
“ This is an overwhelming victory for GuideStone and the nearly 200 plaintiffs in this class-action lawsuit , ” said Adele Keim , a lawyer for GuideStone and the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty -- a non-profit , public-interest law firm that helped represent the ministries in the case .
“ Today 's ruling will allow hundreds of Baptist ministries to continue preaching the Gospel and serving the poor … without laboring under the threat of massive fines , ” they said .
An attorney for the government , Benjamin J. Berwick , did not immediately return a telephone call seeking comment .
The injunction will prevent the government from enforcing the mandate as the suit makes its way through the legal system . However , the groups still must comply with all of the other ObamaCare regulations .
In the lawsuit , the ministries object to providing four out of 20 Food and Drug Administration-approved contraceptives , including the morning-after pill and the week-after pill , which they allege may cause early abortions .
The groups include Reaching Souls International , which trains pastors and cares for orphans in Africa , India and Cuba , and Truett-McConnell College , a Georgia Baptist college .
In their 16-page decision , Judge Timothy DeGiusti said the ministries have the right to challenge the health care law 's contraceptive mandate and that an injunction is needed to prevent the federal government from enforcing it on them .
The lawsuit is similar to one filed in Oklahoma City last year by Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc. , which calls itself a `` biblically founded business . '' That lawsuit also challenges the mandate that employers provide coverage for the morning-after pill and similar drugs . In July , a federal judge granted a temporary exemption to the Oklahoma City-based arts and crafts chain , a ruling the government has appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Hobby Lobby 's lawsuit claims the government mandate is forcing the Christian family that owns the chain `` to violate their deeply held religious beliefs under threat of heavy fines , penalties and lawsuits . '' Failure to provide the drugs in the company 's health insurance plan could lead to fines of up to $ 1.3 million a day , the company said .
Hobby Lobby 's owners have said they believe life begins at conception , and they oppose birth control methods that can prevent implantation of a fertilized egg in the uterus , such as an intrauterine device or forms of emergency contraception .
DeGiusti repeatedly referred to the Hobby Lobby case in their ruling and said the ministries who refuse to provide the contraceptives also `` face substantial financial penalties , and their refusal will cause a substantial financial loss to GuideStone if it excludes nonexempt , noncompliant organizations from the GuideStone plan . ''
`` Here , as in Hobby Lobby , the court finds that plaintiffs have made a threshold showing of a substantial burden , and , thus , a likelihood of success , '' the ruling states .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Most members of Congress seem to think using Twitter or having a Facebook page makes them experts on technology . But how many really have a tech background ?
You can count them on one hand .
Related Articles Some apps stop sharing sensitive user data with Facebook after practice exposed
Editorial : Tech industry must back federal privacy protections
California wants to let political candidates use campaign cash to secure their devices
Mark Zuckerberg talks privacy , accidentally disses Facebook Portal
Google Nest Guard has a microphone , but it did n't say that on the box This makes it all the more frightening that Congressional Republicans followed a deliberate strategy of obfuscation when they wiped out Americans ' privacy protections while the nation was distracted by the House vote to repeal Obamacare .
The report in Tuesday 's Washington Post was chilling for anyone who cares about who sees their personal data , let alone for the future of internet commerce and the technology industry that drives the U.S. economy .
The bill allowing Internet providers such as AT & T , Verizon and Comcast to sell customers ' browsing histories without their consent passed Congress on a straight party vote , and President Trump signed it into law in April . If you thought it came out of nowhere , you were almost right . It came out of a back room .
Tech companies and consumers need to wake up .
A parallel threat to Americans ' ability to trust internet commerce and communication looms in the pending congressional vote on net neutrality : the principle that people and businesses should have equal access to the internet . It 's net neutrality that has allowed imaginative entrepreneurs entry to internet commerce . End neutrality , and innovation likely goes with it .
This strategy of obscuring votes that will harm the public is n't speculation . House Speaker Newt Gingrich boasts about it : “ Trump and Republicans are doing so many different things on parallel tracks , the news media and activists ca n't follow it all , ” they said . “ This is by design . ”
Consumers ' outrage since the privacy vote is giving some Republicans pause . For example , Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tenn. , has offered a bill requiring not only Internet Service Providers but also websites such as Facebook and Google to get users ' permission before sharing their personal information . That would help level the playing field for businesses profiting from data sales .
But Blackburn also would take policing Internet privacy away from the Federal Communications Commission and give it to the Federal Trade Commission , which has much weaker regulatory power . Restoring privacy rights but gutting enforcement would be little or no net gain for consumers .
Blackburn is no consumer advocate . They have accepted nearly $ 700,000 in campaign contributions from telecom companies . They call net neutrality “ socialistic . ”
They also deny climate change and rejects the theory of evolution . Did we mention that she 's the chair of the House Communications and Technology Subcommittee ? These are the kinds of leaders deciding technology issues without consulting technology experts , let alone consumers .
The deliberate sneak attack on consumer privacy was a defeat for consumer rights and technology innovation . Tech companies and consumer groups have to mobilize for this next threat to net neutrality — and they need to rally not only organized interests but average users of the internet .
Surely red state constituents value their privacy , too . Maybe even moreso .
- Police in Brentwood are investigating the death of two men Wednesday night , where several neighbors told KTVU that the homeowner allegedly shot the pair who were trying to break inside .
Neighbor Reggie Nichols said that the homeowner , who was not injured , told them that four suspects tried to break into their house in the 200 block of Birch Street about 11:40 p.m. and steal a safe , and that they `` came out blasting '' and shot two of them dead . Police have not yet confirmed that account , relayed by several other neighbors .
One neighbor also provided exclusive surveillance video to KTVU showing the moment the suspects walked into the garage . The video shows the flash of gunfire moments before two of the men were killed .
The homeowner was not injured and was cooperating with police . Later , police said they would not be charged and was acting in self defense .
Both men were pronounced dead at the scene , police said .
A neighbor told KTVU that they heard the noise late at night but they and their fiance thought it was fireworks . When they woke up Thursday morning , they saw all the police cars .
As a Jew it took something for me to come to terms with Jesus the Jew . For the past several years I 've made an avocational study of Jesus and their followers in their historical context , namely the two hundred years from 100 BCE to 100 CE , with particular attention to the question of what we can reasonably think Jesus said versus what others said they said or said about him . That study led me to the conclusions that ( a ) the teacher , Jesus of Nazareth , was a Jew and never intended to be anything but a Jew ; ( b ) as a thinking Jew of their time , they took the view that what would become known as the `` Hebrew Canon '' ( the Torah , writings , and prophets ) was a starting place for interpretation and application , not the limit of thinking . In this they were consistent with the Pharisees , the Essenes , and , a bit later , the Tanaim , the Rabbis who created the Talmud and what is today Normative Judaism .
Viewed in this light , I have asserted that Jesus was the first Reform Jew - in their view of the Law as subject to interpretation , they anticipated the Pittsburgh Platform of 1899 that founded the Reform ( or Liberal or Progressive ) movement and in their radical approach ( e.g . `` it is not what goes into your mouth that makes you unclean , it is what comes out of it '' ) the revision of the 1899 platform in the Pittsburgh Platform of 1999 that is the source document for the modern movement .
As a result , as Jew , I have no problem presenting myself as a follower of Jesus in the tradition of the ekklesia of James in Jerusalem around 50 CE . I endorse Jesus ' extension of the Law in the so-called Antitheses and find that , in my own being it rings true that if I hate in my heart , that is the equivalent of committing murder , and that if I lust in my heart , that is , in principle , adultery . I find Jesus ' messages of love , charity , caring for the poor , feeding the hungry , visiting the sick and the prisoner consistent with the Judaism I grew up in , and their insistence on God 's egalitarian love for the just and unjust consistent with my read on the essence of Judaism , Buddhism , and what Huxley called the Perennial Philosophy .
So far , so good . I can be a Jew who follows the teacher Jesus as easily as ( or more easily than ) I can be a Jew who follows , say , the Lubavitcher Rebbe or the teacher A. J. Heschel . I can easily avoid the troublesome question of messianism - the term has been blown out of proportion not by Jesus ' words but by the likes of Luke , Paul , and the early Church for reasons that seem suspiciously political to me , so I choose not to deal with it , and I avoid what I consider the simplistic `` Jews for Jesus '' or so-called messianic Judaism problem .
Unfortunately as I study theology , and particularly the works of Christian theologians I respect , from C.S . Lewis to Walter Wink , say , there is an issue I can not avoid so easily . This is the issue of what these theologians call `` the Christ event , '' the resurrection and post-resurrection activities attributed to Jesus in all the Gospels and by Paul in their account of the event on the road to Damascus .
If I hold to a strict rule of only giving credence to what we can reasonably attribute directly to Jesus , the Christ event is not a problem , and neither is the Messiah question . By this standard Jesus never claimed to be the Messiah and never concretely referred to their bodily resurrection . In short , Jesus never claimed the title Christos ( the anointed one , the messiah ) , it was attributed to him . But both as a psychologist and as a student of history I can not escape the thought that something must have happened . Like the parallels between the story of the Biblical flood and other myths , e.g. , Gilgamesh , the similarities are too great to be coincidental . Oh sure , we can say that the Gospel writers colluded , but that 's a bit too Oliver Stone for my taste . There is too much evidence in a comparative reading of the Gospels that the writers did not always give the same account of events and often blatantly disagreed - why collude in this one area ?
So what happened ? On the one hand if Jesus was crucified , entombed , and that was the end of them ( except for a putative incident of grave robbing ) , then Christianity is the greatest fraud in the history of the world - one that has taken in billions and cost the lives of millions . On the other hand , if Jesus did rise on the third day , and then simply continued to teach what they had always taught ( but with the added authority of having risen ) , what does that mean to us ?
By any pre-Christian definition of the Messiah , it does not mean that Jesus was the ( or even a ) messiah . The messiah of the times was a political leader , a revolutionary who would break the yoke of Gentile rule over the Jewish nation - clearly that has not happened yet and certainly did not happen then . If we accept the latter-day postulate of an eschatological messiah - one that will usher in the end of times and the kingdom of God , when `` nation shall not lift up sword against nation , and neither shall they learn war anymore , '' when `` the lion will lie down with the lamb , '' then Jesus fails this messianic test as well , the the doctrine of the `` second coming '' seems like an explanation that is both post hoc and tautological .
[ UPDATED ] Universal and Sony have joined Warner Music Group in signing new multi-year global licensing agreements with YouTube . The move also paves the way Google and YouTube to launch a new paid streaming service to compete with Spotify this Spring .
_______________________________________
Universal Music Group and YouTube have announced a multi-year global licensing agreement . While details of the deal were not disclosed , UMG says that the deal means `` growing compensation '' for artists and songwriters . Some content will be now be exclusive to the paid YouTube Red service , as well as , presumably a new Google/YouTube subscription streaming music service reportedly launching in March .
Sony has also just completed negotiations on a similar new deal with YouTube , sources tell Billboard . Warner Music Group struck it 's new YouTube deals several months ago .
PRINCETON , NJ -- More than half of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents , 58 % , do not express a preference when asked in an open-ended format -- with no candidates ' names read -- whom they are most likely to support for the party 's 2012 presidential nomination . Those who do have a preference most often mention Mitt Romney and Michele Bachmann .
The July 7-10 poll result illustrates the uncertainty surrounding who the Republican challenger to President Barack Obama is likely to be in the 2012 presidential election . The high level of `` no opinion '' responses suggests that many Republicans are not highly engaged in the campaign to this point , and may be unclear about who is running . It also could indicate that Republicans who are familiar with the GOP field may not yet feel comfortable backing a particular candidate for the nomination .
Gallup typically reads a list of candidate names when gauging nomination preferences . In the most recent update using this closed-ended approach , Romney was the leading candidate . But even with this method , Gallup finds a fairly high degree of uncertainty , with roughly one in five Republicans not having a preference even after being read a list of the likely candidates . That is a higher percentage of `` no opinion '' responses than Gallup has found at comparable points in prior GOP nomination contests .
Open-ended questions usually produce a higher percentage of `` no opinion '' responses than do questions in which respondents are offered choices , so it is not unexpected that the percentage with no opinion is much higher than in the closed-ended format .
So while the open-ended format may provide less guidance about current preferences than the closed-ended approach , it does have the advantage of not biasing respondents toward the choices offered . In nomination preference questions , the choices offered are typically the most prominent candidates in the field , which means those questions could underestimate support for less well-known candidates . But the open-ended results from the current poll do not suggest there is a lesser-known candidate excluded from the closed-ended questions who have significant support .
In all , 10 Republican candidates or potential candidates are named by at least 1 % of respondents , 8 of whom are official candidates . Gallup includes 9 of these in its closed-ended ballot and in its tracking of candidate name recognition and favorability . The only exception is Texas Gov . Rick Perry -- mentioned by 4 % -- who recently said they would reconsider their decision not to enter the race , and is expected to make an official announcement soon . Gallup will provide its initial estimates of Perry 's name recognition and positive intensity next Tuesday .
On the other hand , Gallup has tracked the recognition and intensity of former New Mexico Gov . Gary Johnson , but no Republicans in the current poll mentioned their name as the candidate they are most likely to support , casting doubt on whether their candidacy is likely to have an impact on the race .
In addition to Johnson , Michigan Rep. Thaddeus McCotter , former Louisiana Gov . Buddy Roemer , and former Republican strategist Fred Karger are other announced or likely Republican candidates who have lower profiles but have received some media attention . Of these , only Roemer received any mentions in the poll , and in their case it was by just one respondent . Earlier this year , Gallup measured Roemer 's recognition ( 19 % average ) and positive intensity ( average score of 0 ) and found both to be at low levels .
Implications
Rank-and-file Republicans do not appear to be highly tuned in to the party 's nomination campaign at this point , as most are not able to state a preference for their party 's 2012 presidential candidate . That to some degree could reflect the slower pace of the 2012 campaign , which has seen most candidates officially announce their candidacies much later than candidates announced in the 2008 presidential election cycle . The 2012 field has taken shape only recently , and it is still possible some prominent candidates such as Sarah Palin , Perry , and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani will run .
Also , to date , there has been just one debate that included something approximating the full field of candidates , held June 13 in New Hampshire , meaning rank-and-file Republicans have had little opportunity to evaluate the candidates in a comparative context .
As 2012 draws nearer and the campaign intensity picks up , Republicans will certainly become more familiar with the field of candidates and eventually settle on their preferred one . But it is clear from available data that the race is wide open .
Track every angle of the presidential race on Gallup.com 's Election 2012 page .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
( Memphis ) A Memphis woman is behind bars for setting up a robbery .
You may recognize their victim - he 's the father of more than 25 kids by at least 17 different women we told you about last year .
Neighbors believe Ashley Beal played to their weakness to set them up .
“ I heard them hollering and I came outside here , ' said Leonard Wright , who lives in the apartment below where Beal used to live .
Wright found Turnage with their pants down .
“ I tried to help them dress , re-dress , but when there was blood on my hands I just stopped .
Turnage was shot and broke their leg in November 2011 after police say Beal used their weakness for women to set them up .
The two just met when they lured them back to their apartment .
Then robbers came busting through the door .
Wright says Turnage jumped out of the apartment window , hit the railing on the way down and landed on the curb on Boxberry in Whitehaven , and crumpled in a ball .
“ I heard it and heard someone hollering for help . ”
Almost two years later , Beal has been arrested for the crime and Turnage is famous for their bedroom escapades .
“ How come you are not paying your child support ? ” reporter Sabrina Hall asked Turnage last year . “ Can you answer that ? ”
Turnage has more than 25 children and owes plenty of child support .
“ What were you getting ? ” asked Hall .
“ Five dollars , ” said Tara Smith .
“ I only got six dollars , nine dollars , ” said LaToya Shields .
“ A dollar and 26 cents , ” said Cary Williams .
Turnage recently told a judge they have no money .
“ You 've got no income ? ” asked the judge .
“ No sir , ” said Turnage in court .
“ The last time I saw them they were in a BMW , ” said Smith .
Even Wright recalls what Turnage was driving that November night : a Cadillac Escalade .
They said Turnage knew , especially with their pants down , they were a target .
“ He was worried about them coming back to their house and robbing their house , ” said Wright .
Beal is being held in jail on a $ 100,000 bond .
In the meantime , Turnage still owes even more than that in child support .
Turnage filed for disability after being shot and breaking their leg . We do n't know if the government approved it .
Ashley Beal now faces aggravated robbery charges .
Police say they took off with the robbers that night .
100 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Skyworld , a turn-based strategy game from Arizona Sunshine ( 2016 ) developers Vertigo Games , was initially introduced to the world as a demo during HTC Vive 's first public showing back in GDC 2015 . At this year 's Gamescom , we got a hands-on with the ostensibly near-finished game , which should be releasing soon if the developers want to hit their Fall 2017 launch date .
Looking down at the round playing board , a wooden table already populated with various resource-gathering buildings set around a giant mountain in the middle , I was pitted against game designer Paul van der Meer in a quick skirmish that took me through the basics of the game 's 1v1 combat .
In a 20 minute demo , I was introduced to the game 's TBS ‘ Overworld ' , or the game board seen in pictures and the initial 2015 teaser trailer , and an RTS potion of the game that lets you battle with various units that you can summon in real-time ( mana permitting ) .
While in the Overworld , where much of the game takes place , you can pop up a variety of menus , including a satisfying lever that lets you flip the board over mid-game to reveal a space for upgrading structures and increasing the power of your units .
Represented by your standard playing cards featuring offensive and health points , these unit cards can be used in an RTS mini-game , or what the developers called a ‘ General Battle ' , where each side 's solitary generals clash on a separate game board from the Overworld . Destroying the enemies castle in this mode results in continued free rein for your general , a 6-inch model that you can move around the game board to take over new land so you can set up new resource gathering structures , make more units etc and eventually conquer the Overworld . The opposing side 's general then must wait until the re-activation timer runs out .
The majority of my time was dedicated to playing the RTS-driven General Battle instead of fiddling with game 's resource management-focused TBS Overworld , but my hunch is having the two combined , even with only two lanes open for attack around the round board—left or right , as it were—creates an interesting twist on the classic turn-based strategy game that is bound to strike a chord with fans on the genre . Motion controls add a bit more physicality however , like the wooden mallet that lets you demolish your own buildings to make way for new and better ones . You can also count on plenty of satisfying levers and steampunk-ish machines abound .
The game will feature two teams to choose from , good and bad , although I was told that currently there are no differences outside of the visual aspect between the two , which includes identical abilities for your General Battle cards and Overworld structures and units . The developers maintain this can change however in the coming months before launch . I was also assured that while there are many game boards to play on , that they will all follow the same basic design of containing a centerpiece structure that essentially creates two lanes of attack .
An interesting bit in all of this was the social aspect . Standing ( or sitting , you decide ) across from your opponent 's avatar is a natural way to play a game like this , but because the game board is round , and you have the ability to rotate it to get a better look at the action , you inevitably end up standing next to each other to get a good view of what 's going on , creating and interesting social dynamic when you do n't know who you 're playing against . The developers insisted some anti-griefing measures would need to be brought into place so you could n't , say , wave one of your many menus in front a person 's face or get too close to someone for their own comfort . While your menus appear as ghostly outlines so your opponent does n't know exactly what you 're up to , it could still be annoying in the wrong hands .
Finally , I was told that online crossplay between HTC Vive , Oculus Rift and Windows Mixed Reality headsets will be possible , and that all three versions of the game will launch simultaneously on their respective stores . It 's uncertain if Skyworld will suffer the same fate as so many other games boasting crossplay , i.e . the lack of communal friends lists that makes it hard for friends to easily get together and play . We 'll be keeping our eye on Skyworld as it heads closer to launch .
We 're here at Gamescom all week , so check back for more coverage and hands-on articles with all of your favorite upcoming VR titles .
Consumer confidence climbed in December thanks to positive post-election economic sentiment . Alan Diaz/AP
Consumer confidence surged to a 15-year high in December as Americans ' post-election bullishness continues , according to a new report published Tuesday by The Conference Board .
The board 's confidence index gained 4 percent on the month to reach its highest level since 2001 – well ahead of analysts ' expectations . A sub-index tracking how consumers feel about current economic conditions declined slightly over the month , but a separate future expectations measurement surged nearly 12 percent to its highest level since 2003 .
`` Consumer confidence improved further in December , due solely to increasing expectations , which hit a 13-year high , '' Lynn Franco , the group 's director of economic indicators , said in a statement Tuesday . `` The post-election surge in optimism for the economy , jobs and income prospects , as well as for stock prices … was most pronounced among older consumers . ''
Considering President-elect Donald Trump ran away with older demographics , it 's unsurprising that these people are feeling particularly chipper about the country 's economic health post-election .
Indeed , consumer confidence among Trump voters and Republicans in general has surged since Election Day . A separate confidence tracker published earlier this month by Gallup showed 58 percent of Republicans thought the economy was `` getting better . '' Prior to the election , only 15 percent thought conditions were improving .
`` The recent increase in economic confidence appears mostly to be a reaction to the presidential election – chiefly among Republicans , who are much more likely to view the economy positively after Donald Trump 's victory , '' the Gallup report said . `` Republicans have shifted dramatically from a decidedly negative evaluation of the economy before the election to a positive one after it . ''
Trump 's promises of personal and corporate tax reform , infrastructure investment , job creation and economic growth as high as 4 percent are likely fueling the run , as are the prospects of deregulation and Obamacare restructuring .
Noticing the improved confidence trackers , Trump took credit for the gains Monday on Twitter , saying that the world was a `` gloomy '' place before their election night victory was announced .
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope . Now the market is up nearly 10 % and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 26 , 2016
To be fair , the spending figure Trump appears to be referencing was released by Deloitte University Press in September , well before their electoral triumph was announced . Daniel Bachman , senior U.S. economist at Deloitte , indicated in that report that `` attention toward presidential elections may be a temporary distraction in the early part of of the holiday shopping season '' but that `` it should not have a negative impact on sales , and retailers may benefit from a pickup in post-election consumer spending . ''
But even though Trump 's win does n't seem to be meaningfully tied to holiday shopping , it 's difficult to ignore the record-setting stock rally the country has enjoyed following the election . The Dow Jones industrial average closed Friday up more than 1,600 points , or 8.7 percent , from where it closed on Nov. 8 . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index , likewise , was up nearly 6 percent over the same window .
Analysts have widely attributed the stock market 's recent success to high expectations for the incoming administration . And these stock gains , on top of Republicans ' improved expectations for the labor market and gross domestic product expansion , have been a primary driver of consumer sentiment .
`` The post-election Trump trade has breathed new life into the equity markets , '' Tom Stringfellow , president and chief investment officer at Frost Investment Advisors , wrote in a research note last week . `` Time will tell whether or not the Trump rally continues , but up through this past week 's end , this unexpected rally has now become the biggest post-election rally on record . ''
New York ( CNN ) -- In the spirit of spring rebirth , the Occupy movement is ramping up activities as warm weather blankets the country . But while the season is typified by a reawakening of life outdoors , demonstrators are using sleep to get their points across . They call it `` sleepful protest . ''
The sleeping bags started appearing on the corner of Wall and Broad streets across from the New York Stock Exchange on April 9 . A civil rights attorney sympathetic to the Occupy movement provided the legal justification for the move in the form of a court ruling from 2000 . A federal district court judge said people can sleep on sidewalks as a form of political expression as long as they take up no more than half of the sidewalk and do n't block any doors .
Occupy organizers declared a month ago that the movement would be planning a comeback in the spring and summer . Some city and state governments , armed with new ordinances aimed at the Occupy movements , are ready to prevent demonstrators from re-establishing encampments .
For the past few nights , dozens of Occupy Wall Street protesters have slept on a patch of concrete a stone 's throw away from the traders and stock brokers who are the targets of their message . `` The goal here is to not violate the law and not give the police a reason to move the group , '' said Ted Schulman , who has taken part in Occupy demonstrations for several months .
Every morning , they talk about income inequality and the role of big money in politics as commuters pass by on their way to jobs in the Financial District . Most people who work in the area seem indifferent .
`` They just do n't understand how things work , '' said Wayne Kaufman , chief market analyst at John Thomas Financial . `` They have fantasy ideas . But , they 're entitled to their opinions . ''
While police have occasionally forced the protesters to move so the sidewalk could be cleaned , and a few have been arrested , Occupy protester Lauren DiGioia is not deterred .
`` We 're not afraid anymore . I mean , we 've been through so much . All of us have been to jail , '' said DiGioia , a 27-year-old with hair dyed neon blue . `` We know we 're doing the right thing . ''
What are Occupiers really fighting for ?
So-called sleepful protests have popped up elsewhere in the country with varying degrees of success . In Washington , police have been less accommodating , while in Los Angeles , protesters have taken to sleeping outside Bank of America branches , a frequent target of the Occupy movement . Similar sidewalk sleep-ins are taking place in Boston and Atlanta .
The protesters on Wall Street do n't expect their sleep-in to grow into an encampment like the one that became home to hundreds of people at nearby Zuccotti Park .
`` I view this as the pre-campaign . I certainly doubt that this will still be here May 1st when the big rallies start , '' Schulman said . `` My guess is by that point , they 'll have taken control of this space again . ''
Occupy organizers are calling for large-scale demonstrations across the country on May 1 in conjunction with the labor movement 's International Workers Day .
Sledgehammer Games has announced that two new weapons – MP40 and M1911 – will be available for Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare on Xbox One starting Tuesday , September 29th .
M1911
The classic 1911 pistol returns as the first new secondary to be introduced to Advanced Warfare . This pistol has stood the test of time , being used as the standard issue firearm by the U.S. Armed Forces from 1911 to 1986 . It 's known for having low recoil and works great at a close to medium range . The 1911 has four variants , and the base weapon is unlocked for Create a Class once one of the variants has been unlocked via Supply Drops or Advanced Supply Drops . It 's a great secondary weapon to have on-hand when you run out of bullets in your primary .
MP40
The MP40 is a fully automatic sub-machinegun . It has a steady rate of fire which can be used in bursts to maintain accuracy at distances . It 's a great weapon to use for rushing objectives like Capture the Flag or Uplink . The MP40 features four variants , with the base weapon being unlocked once one of the variants has been unlocked via Supply Drops or Advanced Supply Drops .
These new weapons will be available at a later date on PS4 and PC . As with all the previous weapons , these will not be available on Xbox 360 or PS3 .
SOURCE : SHGames
In a live spot broadcast from Charlotte , N.C. , the site where President Barack Obama had spoken to the annual American Legion convention , CNN senior investigative correspondent Drew Griffin reacted to a newly released inspector general 's report about waitlist manipulation at the Veterans Administration hospitals .
Griffin called it damning and said it tied the deaths of some veterans to the scandal .
“ This report , quite frankly is a damning report , ” they said . “ It confirms much of what already has been reported . They did find that 40 veterans on electric waitlists have died . It 's the question of how they died and if those delays actually caused their deaths that is at issue here . But this whole IG report is really a scathing rebuke of the management out there . They talk about the fact that this poor quality of care is unacceptable . ”
( h/t RNC Research )
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
Passengers wait for an Orange Line train to pull in to North Station .
Governor Charlie Baker reacted coolly to a major MBTA overhaul bill unveiled by lawmakers Monday afternoon , setting up possible fights over fare hikes and how the troubled agency is managed .
The measure would create a version of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority oversight panel that Baker has sought for months . But the governor suggested that the board envisioned by lawmakers would not have enough authority to make the required changes at the public transit agency .
“ I am pleased to see progress toward fixing the MBTA , ” they said in a statement . “ But solving the chronic problems that plague the agency will require a strong fiscal management and control board armed with the appropriate tools to make meaningful reforms . ”
Advertisement
Administration officials said their chief concern is that the panel would report to the larger Massachusetts Department of Transportation board , diluting its power .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
But Senator Thomas McGee , cochairperson of the Legislature 's Joint Committee on Transportation and a key architect of the bill , noted that the governor would appoint both panels . And they said the fiscal control board would have plenty of authority .
“ They have the power , the control , and the accountability to get things done that need to be done , ” they said .
McGee , a Lynn Democrat , added that changes sought by fiscal control board members would need approval from the transportation board only if they affect the state 's larger transportation system . “ They can make all kinds of changes that impact the T alone , ” they said .
The package also rejects Baker 's suggested change on how fares are set . The governor wants to lift a cap that limits increases to 5 percent every two years . The move , the administration argues , would give the T more flexibility .
Advertisement
But advocates and lawmakers say the cap allows for predictable fare hikes for the agency and riders alike .
“ Taking that away . . . did not seem to make sense , ” said Representative William Straus , a Mattapoisett Democrat who is cochairperson of the transportation committee .
The long-awaited legislative package released Monday is the latest salvo in a months-long debate on Beacon Hill over how to fix the MBTA , whose winter struggles brought decades of problems at the public transit agency into sharp focus .
Baker unveiled a legislative package in April that included a fiscal and management control board , greater leeway to privatize services and raise fares , and changes in a binding arbitration system that critics say favors unions in contract disputes .
Lawmakers have dealt with bits and pieces of the proposal . The House of Representatives approved a measure giving the T greater authority to privatize services for five years . And the Senate approved a version of the fiscal control board .
Advertisement
But the joint transportation committee has been toiling for weeks to put together the comprehensive bill released Monday .
The measure includes some nuts-and-bolts changes the administration has sought , including changes in T procurement procedures .
It also includes some new ideas . The legislation , for instance , would allow the T to transfer its ferry service to Massport , the agency that operates Boston 's Logan International Airport and several maritime facilities .
But the lawmakers who crafted the bill omitted key elements of the Baker plan .
The legislation , for instance , drops Baker 's proposed changes to the binding arbitration system for settling T labor contracts . But Straus emphasized the debate is still open . “ I do n't view us as accepting or rejecting the governor 's proposal , ” they said . “ I view that . . . as very much on the plate for discussion . ”
The transportation committee is expected to sign off on the legislative package by Tuesday afternoon and send it to the House of Representatives , where it could be amended before the full chamber votes on the bill .
If the House approves the measure , it would then go to the Senate . Lawmakers hope to get a T overhaul on the governor 's desk by the end of July .
Rafael Mares , a public transit advocate and senior attorney with the Conservation Law Foundation , said they were pleased with the legislation , in part because it omitted some of the Baker administration proposals that most worried him .
“ The legislation should be applauded not just for what it does , but also for what it avoids , ” they said .
Eileen McAnneny , president of the business-backed Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation , said the legislation is a “ great first step ” but added that “ we 're looking forward to the bill being strengthened as it moves through the process . ”
They held out hope for changes to the binding arbitration system and greater leeway to privatize services at the T. The fight over privatization , however , appears likely to play out in a separate negotiation over the state budget .
Straus , the cochairperson on the transportation committee , has long argued that the T should not be a quasi-independent agency but rather a piece of the larger Department of Transportation , directly accountable to the governor . The legislation released Monday takes some steps in that direction .
It would give the governor 's secretary of transportation the authority to negotiate the contract of the T general manager , drawing a straight line between the governor and the agency 's day-to-day administrator .
It would also create a commission that would study putting future MBTA employees in the pension system that serves most state employees , rather than a separate T system often criticized as opaque .
More MBTA coverage
David Scharfenberg can be reached at david.scharfenberg @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ dscharfGlobe
× NCIS actor Pauley Perrette attacked
LOS ANGELES –NCIS actor Pauley Perrette was brutally attacked outside their Hollywood Hills home Thursday night .
“ I need to heal . I almost died tonight , ” said the actor in a tweet .
Perrett said they were walking from their home to a guest home they recently bought when they were attacked .
“ I was jumped by a VERY psychotic homeless man . They grabbed me so forcefully , pinned my arm , punched me in the nose , forehead repeatedly telling me they were going to kill me . Then they showed me how they were going to kill me . ”
Perrette said the man kept saying their name was William .
“ I was alone , terrified and trapped . There was an empty garage behind me and I knew if they got me in there I was dead . I knew I could n't overcome him , I prayed my heart out and then finally said , ‘ Williams is a beautiful name , I have a little nephew named William . ”
The man punched Perrette again before telling them to go .
“ Some guy walked right past me with a dog that licked my face . They were on their phone , annoyed . Did nothing . ”
Perrette was able to text a neighbor , call a friend who is a police officer and draw a sketch of them attacker .
A friend took the sketch and was able to find the man until police arrived .
“ I am shaken and traumatized . My house , my beloved Hollywood . My beloved homeless people that I spend my life protecting . My life changed tonight . We need full mental health care . We need housing and help for the homeless . We need to support our cops . ”
So , tonight was awful , life changing and I 'm only grateful to be alive . It 's here : pic.twitter.com/vXIT1pkVRc — Pauley Perrette ( @ PauleyP ) November 13 , 2015
Editorial : Cook County takes soda-tax fight to dangerous new level
hello
We would have thought that taking out after citizens who exercised their rights to challenge their government would be an action beneath the standards of Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle , even in a losing cause . But last week , after actually winning their case to impose a penny-per-ounce tax on the sale of sweetened beverages , Preckwinkle turned on the Illinois Retail Manufacturers Association and vowed to seek $ 17 million from the organization that briefly held up implementation of the tax by challenging it in court .
The controversial tax was scheduled for implementation on July 1 , but responding to the merchants ' suit , Cook County Circuit Court Judge Daniel Kubasiak issued an order temporarily blocking it . They lifted the order last week , saying they could find no legal justification to prohibit the county from collecting the tax .
Almost immediately , Preckwinkle 's lawyers asked for a court date so they could demand that the plaintiffs cough up nearly the full amount county budgeters estimate was lost during the four-week delay .
Judge Kubasiak 's response , detailed in transcripts reported by Crain 's Chicago Business , was succinct and wholly accurate . Their word was `` chilling . '' We would add some others -- including stunning , brutal , vindictive and outrageous .
Regardless of how one feels about the sugary-drink tax , the notion of a government going after a citizen 's group for daring to use constitutionally guaranteed legal avenues to represent its constituents is almost beyond comprehension . For Judge Kubasiak , it also seemed beyond precedent .
`` I could find no such case of a governmental body suing a taxpayer who had challenged a tax , '' they say in the transcripts Crain 's quoted . `` I can tell you that I am troubled by this , the chilling effect of the government saying that you best not challenge us because if you are proven wrong , we will come and get damages from you . ''
We are troubled , too , as should be any Cook County citizen or any person who supports the rights of individuals and agencies in a free society to challenge the actions of their government . The legal argument over the merits of the beverage tax is not over ; the merchants group has vowed to appeal .
But with this latest ploy , Preckwinkle has turned the case into something more than an issue of public health , something more than a matter of how government can tax its citizens , something more than a question of whether government is managing its spending wisely . Those are all legitimate points of contention in the debate over the county 's sugary-drink tax . But now the case has become a demonstration of a government 's brutish reprisal against citizens acting within their responsibilities and their rights .
That is not a legitimate point of debate . President Preckwinkle should be above such an action . Indeed , so should all leaders at every level of our democracy .
Some people claim they live ‘ in ' the internet , but you 've never lived in the internet until you 've walked its wireframe halls . And believe me , Tron got it wrong . Instead of massive glowing space invader ships , you 'll be coming face to face with towering memes .
It 's all courtesy of World of Reddit , an app for the Oculus Rift that allows you to walk through the social site and see its wonders in full 3D . Welcome to the future of the internet , as envisioned in the early 2000s .
The app , which can be downloaded from the developer 's post on the Developer Forums , allows you to use conventional FPS controls to fly through a wireframe , blocky construction of Reddit . It 's all there , with every sub-Reddit represented . Each post is displayed as a cube , and the more entries on a reddit the taller the tower of cubes . It 's entirely mental , but if you 've got an Oculus , you can be IN the internet ! This is what hackers see all the time , right ?
Developer Conlan is looking for feedback on where to progress with the software , so if you 're lucky enough to have a Rift and have now explored Reddit in 3D space , drop a word in at Conlan 's blog with your thoughts .
There 's a road running through this week 's column , a road clogged with nervy Sherman tanks and alarmed Lada saloons . The Shermans are on edge because every so often one of their number is struck by something swift , cylindrical and quite , quite deadly . The Ladas are alarmed because every so often one of their number is struck by a Bukhanka minibus driven by an idiot . That idiot recommends you look left , right , then left again before attempting to cross the following thoroughly fair thoroughfare of Command Ops : Highway To The Reich and City Car Driving observations .
Out Of Ammo . God Save The King .
The patch of sky above fabulously fluid delegate-em-up Command Ops : Battles From The Bulge is alive with C-47s at the moment . The Dakotas are busy air-dropping Market Garden themed add-on canisters to winter-weary fans .
At the heart of the £17 Highway To The Reich expansion released yesterday , is ‘ From the Meuse to the Rhine ' , a mammoth scenario spanning nine infamous days in September 1944 , and approximately 1200km² of Heer-held Holland ( despite the fact that this one of Panther 's biggest maps yet , the 101st 's objectives in Eindhoven , Son , and Veghel are still relegated to a separate scenario ) . I 'm currently about halfway through this whopper , and right now things are looking more ‘ Two Bridges Too Far ' than ‘ A Bridge Too Far ' .
You 'd think someone who had wargamed Monty 's boldest gamble dozens of times would have avoided historical blunders like allowing the Axis time to set-up blocking positions in the western suburbs of Arnhem . You 'd think they would have gone hell-for-leather for those crucial river crossings , and not fannied around with probe orders and over-generous DZ defences .
I 've not completely given up hope of transforming the shambles pictured above into a slim victory , but it 's going to take a lot of skill and luck to turn things around . I suspect the first thing I should do on returning to the fray , is carefully assess my supply situation . While wargaming muddlers could get by on instinct and aggression/discretion in Red Devils Over Arnhem , and Airborne Assault : Highway To The Reich ( Panther 's earlier interpretations of the Arnhem op ) subsequent improvements to the logistics simulation combined with the impressive scope of the new scenario , mean you 're now as likely to be defeated by bullet and bully-beef shortages as clever AI counterattacks ( though , thanks to the splendidly reactive AI , these are guaranteed too ) .
If I 'm to have any hope of hanging onto my positions in Oosterbeek until the shuffling snake of British armour forces its way through Nijmegen and up Hell 's Highway , it 's vital I ensure the sunburst of supply lines emanating from 1 Airlanding Bde Base and 4 Para Bde Base remain green . This means maintaining a solid perimeter at Arnhem – something I 've spectacularly failed to do so far – and ensuring my depot units are n't driven off the heathland dropzones at Renkum and Reijers Camp .
The fact the positions of those DZs and LZs are determined by history is perhaps a tiny missed opportunity . I can see myself spending weeks with this one scenario alone ( If past experience of Panther 's AI is any guide , it will play as well from the defender 's perspective as from the attackers ) . If I 'd been allowed to pick my own arrival locations and design my own supply schedule , the distraction potential would have been almost limitless .
The planning phase of an an airborne op is potentially just as interesting as its execution . Do you try to land close to an objective on less-than-perfect terrain or much further away on an ideal site ? Should you concentrate your DZs or disperse them ? Command Ops : Highway To The Reich is the sort of high-calibre add-on Flare Path has no trouble whatsoever recommending , but Market Garden still waits patiently for a truly all-embracing treatment .
Кlunk Кlick Every Trip
Last weekend I had a major OMSI relapse . By the time I realised what was happening , I was so mesmerised by M-R-Software 's mellifluous MAN doubledeckers , I could n't even bring myself to accelerate time in the twenty-minute gaps between 13N Stadtgrenze → U Rathaus runs . I 'd just sit there at the terminus , eyes half-closed , ears full of engine purr and the pretty pitter-patter of the rain .
I knew I had to tear myself away , but just could n't face going cold turkey . What was needed was a transition sim . Something to ease me gently away from the eighty-seater sirens of Spandau . In City Car Driving I reckon I found the perfect easer .
While this Russian teach-yourself-to-drive sim is n't in quite the same league as Marcel und Rüdiger 's masterpiece , it does scratch a similar itch . Like OMSI , it 's a diversion where dense , dynamic traffic flows , complicated road layouts , and unfamiliar highway codes , mean the simple act of driving from A to B is often far from simple . CCD 's seven rides might be nippier and far easier to get round tight bends but maximise the realism settings , and a few of them can be almost as challenging to drive well .
Soviet-era comrade-conveyances like the Lada Riva come with prototypical manual gearboxes and clutches , meaning you can embarrass yourself by…
a ) …lurching into bollards after forgetting you 'd left your vehicle in gear .
b ) …stalling at traffic lights after attempting to pull away in third .
c ) …gunning the engine foolishly after failing to lift the throttle during gear changes .
And impress ( invisible ) passengers by…
a ) …spurning the hand-brake in stop-start hillside traffic jams .
b ) …switching off the engine and free-wheeling down hills in neutral .
Ignore their misleading unwillingness to skid and wheelspin , and the cars handle remarkably plausibly . What they do n't do at present , is sound much like their inspirations . If I could persuade Multisoft to work on one area , it would be audio . The current sound sets are too quiet , too generic , and woefully short of the sort of transmission whines and suspension creaks that – thanks to M-R-Software – I now expect from my automotive entertainment .
The Novosibirsk studio has already demonstrated a pleasing willingness to enhance and expand . A December patch opened the sim up to user-made vehicles , added an adorable UAZ-2206 minibus , hastened already decent framerates and sharpened AI . Though CCD 's pedestrians are still ill-equipped to deal with pavement trespassing maniacs , they are on the whole brighter and more naturalistic than their stiff-limbed OMSI equivalents . I suspect fellow road users might be a tad smarter too . I 've been rear-ended and side-swiped on occasions , but find I 'm watching side-roads in the imaginatively monikered ‘ Virtual City ' less nervously than I would in Berlin .
Not large or varied enough to be twinned with a San Andreas or an Empire Bay , Virtual City is at its best when it 's flaunting its Russian-ness . The glimpses of golden church domes , trudging babushkas , and war memorial tanks , make me yearn for a winterised CCD 2 incorporating a facsimile of a genuine Russian town .
Will we ever see such a thing ? Having questioned Multisoft about their DLC and map editor intentions , I 'm not holding my breath . The studio definitely have plans – plans that include the patching-in of some form of taxi mode to add a little structure to the non-mission side of the sim – but the difficulty of converting in-house tools into something amateur town planners could wield with ease , seems to have stymied , for the moment , any SDK releases .
The Flare Path Foxer
In honour of Eagle Dynamics ' recent Mustang announcement , this week 's Foxer features a herd of wild horses . Name the eight sources to win FP points made from well-rotted rose fertiliser .
If you are worried about your online privacy , it might be of interest to you that Google has quietly brought its Google forget program to the U.S . It has made it quite simple , for the most part . Simply go to myactivity.google.com to see the history of your searches , YouTube viewing and everything else you do on Google platforms , and then be guided through the process of trimming that history .
But be careful . Privacy restrictions bring with them good and bad , and some consumers who become gung ho about deleting activity may find the usefulness of their web surfing drop off . Ads will become much more generic and annoying , as will search and other web research . Your Chrome browser wo n't autofill URLs of sites you often visit , and other background activities may become more difficult .
Also , the forgetting process can be painstaking . If you are going to be selective about what is forgotten , you will have to review places you 've visited and make deletions one at a time . If you want to clean up a lot of history , you 'll need to clear your schedule first .
But the process , even if you opt to not delete a thing , is eye-opening . Seeing every search you 've performed and every site you 've visited is a powerful wakeup call if you had n't realized how much is retained .
It also raises questions about whether your security and privacy are actually compromised by Google making all of this data available to you . At the top of the “ My Activity ” page , you 'll see this unconvincing promise : “ Only you can see this data . Google protects your privacy and security. ” Really ? No Google employee can see this data ? No Google advertiser can , even in aggregated form ? That statement coming from Google is akin to a politician saying , “ Trust me. ” But if you are concerned about your online privacy , you probably already knew Google had a lot of data about your online life . The thing that 's different is that Google , in making that information available to you , is placing it on the public internet . Password-protected , yes , but the effectiveness of that protection varies widely with the person devising the password .
Google 's point , presumably , is that your neighbor , ex-spouse or employer can not view your personal search history by calling up this page . Maybe it should add , “ Depending , of course , on their hacking skills . ”
Not that a hacker would need great skills if a user has weak credentials , writes them down and leaves them next to the computer , or just lets that neighbor , ex-spouse or employer look over their shoulder as they key them in .
This is yet another reason for people to use complex passwords that are unique ( meaning never used in more than one place ) and for Google to go with more stringent multifactor authentication . If Google is going to allow consumers to see everything being retained about them , it should at the very least increase the perception of its security measures .
There 's something else to consider here , though , and this has societal implications . Google 's forget policy has some key right-to-know overlaps with its takedown policy . The takedown policy allows people to request that stories about or images of them be removed from the database . To forget policy allows the user to decide on their own to delete something .
Should everyone have the right to delete their online history ? What about terrorists who want to shield from law enforcement history about sites they have visited ? What if it 's a CEO or elected or appointed government official who wants to hide activity that 's embarrassing or hints at illegality ?
Sure , “ terrorist ” is an emotionally charged term that I included to feed fear and paranoia . Maybe the right to delete is similar to free speech , though : It 's only as strong as the degree to which it protects the most vile among us . I like being able to edit my history , but I am painfully aware that allowing the worst among us to do the same can have undesired consequences .
That all said , this is a powerful privacy tool . Use it as you choose , but be mindful of the bigger implications of what Google has done .
Captured in a documentary that brought national attention to Chicago 's violence , Operation CeaseFire deployed former gang members and felons to intervene in feuds that too often ended in fatal gunfire on the city 's streets .
Now that operation has become another casualty in the financial meltdown enveloping Illinois , even as the city still struggles to stop shootings .
Republican Gov . Bruce Rauner froze money for CeaseFire , featured in the 2011 documentary `` The Interrupters , '' as Illinois began running out of money because Democrats passed a budget that spent billions more than the state took in . The program was cut off before receiving all of the $ 4.7 million it was budgeted last fiscal year , and it has gotten no state funding this year as the fight between Rauner and Democrats who lead the Legislature drags on and several programs in Chicago and elsewhere in Illinois shut down .
Meanwhile , Chicago has seen a roughly 20 percent increase in shootings and homicides so far this year compared with the same period in 2014 . That included a July 4 weekend that left 48 people shot , including a 7-year-old boy who police say was killed by a shot intended for their father , described as a `` ranking gang member '' by officers .
None of those holiday weekend shootings occurred in two police districts covered by a CeaseFire-affiliated program that managed to fund itself for the month of July . The same area saw nearly 50 shootings in August .
Operation CeaseFire supporters say Chicago and roughly a half dozen other current or former CeaseFire communities need all the resources they can get .
`` Our kids in our communities are still dying , '' said Autry Phillips , executive director of Target Area Development , a nonprofit agency on Chicago 's South Side that had to end its CeaseFire program . `` We 're going to do what we can do , but we need funding . That 's the bottom line . ''
Sara Burnett , AP Autry Phillips , left , director of Target Area Development in Chicago 's Auburn Gresham neighborhood , talks with area resident Justin Garner , 27 , during a walk along 79th Street on Sept. 30 , 2015 . Autry Phillips , left , director of Target Area Development in Chicago 's Auburn Gresham neighborhood , talks with area resident Justin Garner , 27 , during a walk along 79th Street on Sept. 30 , 2015 . ( Sara Burnett , AP ) ( Sara Burnett , AP )
Even before the freeze , Rauner proposed cutting CeaseFire funding by nearly $ 3 million this year . Their spokesperson blamed Democrats who have refused pro-business changes sought by the former venture capitalist and first time office holder , such as weakening labor unions .
`` The governor has asked for structural reforms to free up resources to balance the budget , help the most vulnerable and create jobs , '' spokesperson Lyndsey Walters said this week . `` Unfortunately , the majority party continues to block the governor 's reforms and refuses to pass a balanced budget . ''
`` The Interrupters '' aired as part of the `` Frontline '' documentary series on PBS and at film festivals across the U.S . The film featured three former gang members working to `` interrupt '' Chicago violence , though programs using the model have been implemented in cities nationwide and overseas .
CeaseFire uses an approach founded by an epidemiologist who argued violence should be attacked like a disease — by stopping it at its source . It 's overseen by Cure Violence , an organization based at the University of Illinois at Chicago 's School of Public Health . Researchers say CeaseFire has reduced gang involvement , shootings and retaliatory killings .
But it has n't been universally embraced . In 2013 , Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel opted not to renew a one-year , $ 1 million contract for CeaseFire programs in two neighborhoods . The decision followed criticism by Chicago police that CeaseFire staff were n't sharing information or working closely enough with them . Some program members also were getting into trouble of their own .
Today , programs are operating in six Chicago neighborhoods . More than double that number has shut down in the city and in other Illinois communities , including East St. Louis and Rockford , because of funding cuts , said Kathy Buettner , Cure Violence communications director .
Target Area 's grant was $ 220,000 . Combined with another eliminated grant that helped ex-offenders leaving prison , the state dollars made up 21 percent of the agency 's annual budget , Phillips said .
In July , Target Area used an anonymous donation to train several hundred people on how to prevent conflicts from escalating into violence . The neighborhood into which they were sent during the July 4 weekend saw none of the dozens of shootings and killings that plagued the city over those days , Phillips said .
The following month , when funding was gone and programs had ended , there were 46 shootings in the same area .
Inside Target Area 's office , a large laminated map of the neighborhood hangs on a wall , dotted with stickers of various shapes and sizes that mark the locations where violence has occurred .
The biggest , red dots indicate the sites of multiple shootings . Phillips sees each one as a failure — a person their organization could n't help .
`` I hate the dots , '' they said .
Associated Press
Angela Merkel says the record influx of refugees to Germany is `` an opportunity for tomorrow '' ( AFP Photo/Hannibal Hanschke )
Berlin ( AFP ) - Chancellor Angela Merkel in their New Year 's address Thursday asked Germans to see a record refugee influx as `` an opportunity for tomorrow '' and urged doubters not to follow racist hate-mongers .
The past year -- when the top EU economy took in over one million asylum seekers -- had been unusually challenging , they said in a pre-released text of the speech , also bracing Germans for more hardships ahead .
But they stressed that in the end it would all be worth it because `` countries have always benefitted from successful immigration , both economically and socially '' .
With a view to right-wing populists and xenophobic street rallies , they said `` it 's important we do n't allow ourselves to be divided '' .
`` It is crucial not to follow those who , with coldness or even hatred in their hearts , lay a sole claim to what it means to be German and seek to exclude others . ''
Merkel has earned both praise and criticism at home and abroad for their decision to open Germany to a record wave of refugees , about half from war-torn Syria .
Germany took in almost 1.1 million asylum seekers this year , five times last year 's total , the Saechsische Zeitung regional daily reported Wednesday citing unpublished official figures .
Merkel , faced with opposition in their conservative camp and popular concerns about the influx , has vowed steps to reduce numbers next year .
Them plan involves convincing other EU members to take in more refugees , so far with little success , and an EU deal with gateway country Turkey to better protect its borders .
Merkel said that `` there has rarely been a year in which we were challenged so much to follow up our words with deeds '' .
They thanked volunteers and police , soldiers and administrators for their `` outstanding '' accomplishments and `` doing far , far more than their duty '' .
Looking to 2016 , they said `` there is no question that the influx of so many people will keep demanding much of us . It will take time , effort and money . ''
But Merkel recalled that Germany had mastered past challenges such as reunification a quarter-century ago and benefitted from a `` robust and innovative '' economy .
`` I am convinced , '' they said , `` that , handled properly , today 's great task presented by the influx and the integration of so many people is an opportunity for tomorrow . ''
They urged Germans to be `` self-confident and free , humanitarian and open to the world '' .
Amid the world 's greatest refugee wave since World War II , they said , `` it goes without saying that we help and accommodate people who seek safe haven with us '' .
The speech will be broadcast at 1815 GMT on ZDF public television and then online with English and Arabic subtitles on english.zdf.de and arabic.ZDF.de .
A Conservative staffer has resigned following reports that Elections Canada is investigating fake election day phone calls used to keep voters away from polls .
Michael Sona , who until Friday was a staffer in Conservative MP Eve Adams 's office , also worked for Conservative candidate Marty Burke in Guelph , Ont .
Voters in that riding complained they were the target of automated robocalls claiming to be on behalf of Elections Canada that directed them to the wrong polling station . Telling voters to go to the wrong or non-existent polling stations is a voter suppression tactic and illegal under the Elections Act .
Opposition MPs let loose on the Conservative Party on Thursday after an Ottawa Citizen report linked a call centre used by some of their campaigns to the robocalls .
Sona offered their resignation and it was accepted , a source told CBC News .
In a statement Thursday , the Conservatives ' 2011 national campaign manager hinted that whoever was behind the robocalls acted alone .
`` The party was not involved with these calls and if anyone on a local campaign was involved they will not play a role in a future campaign , '' Jenni Byrne said in a statement .
There is no public evidence Sona was involved in the robocalls .
Calls traced to Racknine
Nine Conservative campaigns used the services of Racknine , the call centre whose services were used for the fraudulent calls . It 's not unusual to use call centres for legitimate campaigning .
Ridings across the country reported fraudulent calls on May 2 , 2011 , redirecting voters to the wrong polling station .
The RCMP told CBC News on Thursday that Elections Canada is investigating the matter .
Sona made news before the election when they allegedly tried to grab a ballot box at the University of Guelph . They claimed the polling station was illegal . A statement released by Burke 's campaign said nobody from their team touched a ballot or ballot box . Elections Canada allowed the ballots to be counted .
Sona graduated from the University of Guelph in 2010 , according to a webpage showing their professional history . They worked for Conservative MP Rob Moore from June 2010 until March 2011 and from May to September 2011 . They also worked for Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore for four months in 2009 .
Liberals demand emergency debate
Liberal Leader Bob Rae announced Friday he 's asking House Speaker Andrew Scheer for an emergency debate into voter suppression .
`` In my opinion , this debate is necessary because denying someone the opportunity to vote is to deny them the most basic right that exists in our democracy , '' Rae says in their letter to Scheer .
`` These reports undermine the reputation of Parliament and cast a shadow over the legitimacy of all parliamentary proceedings . ''
A husband and wife are facing charges after allegedly skipping out on their bill at a Brandon , Man . restaurant , and leaving their 10-year-old daughter behind .
Brandon police were called to the scene in the 900 block of Rosser Avenue on Tuesday around 9 p.m .
The manager told police the two suspects – a husband and wife – ate a meal , had drinks , and then bolted from the restaurant . They skipped out on their $ 135 bill and they also left behind their 10-year-old daughter , police said .
Both suspects were found intoxicated nearby and taken into custody , police said .
The young daughter was turned over to Child and Family Services .
The 29-year-old man from Sioux Valley , Man . and 33-year-old woman face charges of “ food by fraud. ” They will appear in Brandon Provincial Court in July .
Migration is one of the central parts of the EU debate . This will not change during the coming UK referendum . What started as free movement for Western Europeans who were ‘ economically active ' morphed into the inclusion of students and retirees in the early 1990s . The Maastricht Treaty in 1992 conferred free movement rights on all EU citizens , which finally broke those rights ' attachment to work .
Despite this change , EU immigration did not become a political or social issue until 2004 , with the “ A8 '' Eastern European nations joining . The spike in numbers from less economically-developed A8 countries into the UK has been the catalyst for significant public dissatisfaction . This has been further exacerbated by the accession of Bulgaria and Romania .
Current arrangements have led to the deeply unsatisfactory situation wherein non-EU migrants face significant difficulties entering the UK , but EU ( or to be precise European Economic Area ( EEA ) ) migrants face no hurdles at all
Within an unreformed EU , there is no overarching policy mechanism the UK Government can enact to restrict the entry of EU nationals – such as national quotas or targeting certain jobs . This means that , if the UK wants to lower net migration , it has no choice but to target non-European Economic Area migrants .
This has led to some potentially disturbing policy developments . For example , the Coalition Government , in an attempt to reduce the amount of non-European migration into the UK , made a number of alterations to Tier 1 , Tier 2 and Tier 3 visas . It abolished the Tier 1 General Visa , which gave ‘ highly skilled migrants ' access to the UK labour market . Around 10,000 people annually entered the UK with Tier 1 visas .
In a global economy , it is damaging that the UK denies access to highly skilled and low skilled workers from countries whose economies , culture , legal system , and politics are very similar to our own .
Policy-makers would do well to consider data demonstrating the economic benefits of EU migration . However , the effects of immigration are not purely economic . One argument is that the sheer scale of recent immigration has placed a high burden on the country 's services , whether provided by the state ( like hospitals , schools and social housing ) or private sector . This problem is exacerbated by Governments , before and after 2004 , failing to give extra resources to areas with increasing populations due to migration .
Migration policy , following a UK exit from the EU , rests on the decision whether to remain in the EEA and its free movement rules . Should the UK seek to retain the EEA 's access to the European Single Market , in all likelihood this means little substantial reform of the EU 's free movement rights for the UK . Establishing a new relationship with the EU that excludes or qualifies free movement of people will be politically tricky , but not impossible . One only has to consider the recent Swiss referendum to place quotas on EU citizens , and the subsequent veiled threats Switzerland received from the Commission , to understand how challenging reform will be in the EEA – or even outside the EEA , as the Swiss are . The EU is set on a process of ever closer union , and there is little scope for turning back to pre-Maastricht ideas on immigration . A UK outside the EU but in the EEA would have to keep free movement .
Exit from the EU and regaining complete policy freedom provides the widest possible choice . Taking a more global view is paramount .
Leaving the EU would give the UK the chance to make some significant changes to its immigration policy . Alterations to free movement could be minor ( retaining the status quo ) or could work to lower the annual inflow , thereby allowing the Government to meet a specified net migration target . The UK could also have access to a wider global talent pool without the uncontrolled pressures of free movement , and its immigration policy could be fairer by providing enhanced opportunities for highly skilled workers from the rest of the world to work in the UK . After it left , the UK would have to decide which route it wished to take , though any decision would also have to be informed by recent research studies , including those which show a net economic benefit from EEA migration .
Leaving offers new policy opportunities to build bridges with other countries , such as developing visas for professions as opposed to those just linked to employers . This would be , in effect , a return to high skilled “ Tier 1 ” visas and could be adapted to skilled Tier 2 general visas too . Such an approach would reduce the cost of businesses applying for licenses as well as giving employees more freedom . Depending on how exit takes place , the UK could also reactivate low skilled Tier 3 visas , with a flexible cap to fill gaps in the labour market .
The UK could also extend a version of free movement rights to economically advanced nations outside Europe with which share many similar characteristics : Australia , Canada , New Zealand ( and other countries that share our Head of State ) plus the USA . This would provide businesses with a new talent pool of highly skilled workers , as well as providing UK citizens the chance to work , study , and retire in other developed nations . Reform of UK airport queues is also important during exit . A Commonwealth passport lane could be explored .
Another possible solution is a return to free movement for economically-developed Western European states ( the EU-15 ) . This is the pre-Maastricht position , which business , politicians , and the public did not challenge in any meaningful way . It would require bilateral agreements with those nations , and would allow UK students and retirees the option of freely studying and living in Western Europe . The concern is the fallout from Eastern EU nations , who would have their free movement rights curtailed by Britain and their citizens placed on visas like the rest of world . Furthermore , Britain could also restrict access to welfare benefits for EU citizens to act as an economic disincentive for coming to the UK . David Cameron has set out plans , but whether they get past other EU nations remains to be seen . Exit provides the UK the freedom to act unilaterally here .
The majority of academic studies have shown the potential benefits that prudent migration policies can bring . The chance to reform migration policy , to remove the manifest unfairness of the current system , to rearrange our priorities so that the UK is more open to the rest of the world and better placed to source talented people that our economy needs globally , is an opportunity that needs to be fully seized .
Extracted from Change , or go , published by Business for Britain . The editorial board : Jon Moynihan ( Chairman ) ; Andrew Allum of LEK Consulting ; Matthew Elliott of Business for Britain ; Luke Johnson Risk Capital Partners ; Mark Littlewood of the Institute of Economic Affairs ; John Mills of JML Ltd ; Helena Morrissey of Newton ; and Viscount Ridley . Telegraph Media Group helped fund the study .
YouTube/ LaGranjaHumanaMX
It 's a story from conspiracy theory heaven – a briefcase with the insignia of a sinister Nazi organisation… with what look like the skulls of aliens or demons inside .
The strange find was unearthed in the village of Kamennomostsky in the Adygea region of Russia , Russia 's Interfax news agency said – although it 's not entirely clear when they were found .
The big question , of course , is whether it 's proof that the Nazis were in league with aliens – or just a pair of animal skulls in a box .
As with much of this stuff , the pictures are now doing the rounds on YouTube and on various conspiracy sites – with precious little in the way of detail .
UFO websites are – of course – of the opinion that it 's solid proof that the Nazis met aliens .
pic – YouTube/ LaGranjaHumanaMX
The suitcase had the logo of the Nazi Ahnenerbe organisation – a group set up to investigate the history of the Aryan race , according to Interfax .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Local historian Igor Ogay said , ‘ What connects the skull with the activities of the Ahnenerbe organization is hard to say .
pic -Rossiyskaya Gazeta Komsomolskaya Pravda
no permission
‘ But the fact is they were interested in places of power , such as dolmens . After all , they have some on German soil . '
The Wartburg College Student Government recently rejected a prospective Turning Point USA chapter , saying the conservative group does not conform to the school 's values .
Following a vote to deny the group official club status , TPUSA Iowa and Minnesota Field Director Ali McGough reached out to Wartburg Dean of Students Daniel Kittle to inquire into the reasoning for the denial , according to emails obtained by Campus Reform .
“ Why would we approve such a specific organization , what are we going to approve next ? ''
[ RELATED : College rejects conservative group for anti-communist views ]
“ We were very disappointed in the vote today , especially because we worked really hard with the subcommittee , and made a lot of changes to make them comfortable with our organization , ” they stated , noting that members of that same subcommittee , who recommended the club for approval , were included among many of the “ no ” votes .
They went on to state that they were informed “ that an organization has not been denied in over four years , ” though the Student Senate rejected the claim , telling News 7 that one had been turned down last year .
“ If you could provide a little insight as to why we were denied after getting a recommendation from the subcommittee as well as what the appeal process is moving forward , that would great , ” McGough then requested .
In response , Kittle suggested that McGough , “ as well as the other presenters today , can summarize as effectively as [ he ] can the reasons for the denial . ”
[ RELATED : Santa Clara overturns student gov rejection of TPUSA chapter ]
“ In short , I believe that the Student Senate body were concerned that the values of Turning Point , as evidenced by expressed tactics , were not in line with the values of Wartburg College , ” they continued , concluding their email by suggesting that there are “ still an unlimited number of way ” to advance the TPUSA cause .
“ As for next steps , I am eager to work with the Wartburg students on advancing a new student organization that supports their agenda to increase conservative dialogue , ” Kittle wrote . “ While the Student Senate has closed the Turning Point possibility , there are still an unlimited number of ways to advance that cause . ”
During the vote to deny TPUSA recognition , club members Emily Russell and Haley Cannon informed Campus Reform that some student senators objected to the use of the word “ suck ” in the popular TPUSA “ Socialism Sucks ” tagline .
[ RELATED : ‘ I 'm a slut ' posters promote ‘ P * * * y power ' event at CSU ]
Additionally , Russell and Cannon were apparently grilled with questions , such as if they felt “ moral aligning yourself with this organization , ” whether they would sue if denied recognition , and were questioned on if they were “ lying about being non-partisan . ”
“ Why would we approve such a specific organization , what are we going to approve next ? An organization that is concerned with the paint color on the wall ? ” another senator apparently asked , according to Russell and Cannon .
Campus Reform reached out to the school for comment on the matter , but did not receive a response in time for publication .
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ marina_a_jaimes
Despite a few ups and downs throughout the season , 2016 was a pretty successful year for the Chicago Red Stars . After their first playoff appearance the year before , Chicago consolidated their place in the top four with a roster that experienced little player turnover . In 2017 , Rory Dames ' side seem to be taking a similar approach of retaining key players and adding a few youngsters to complement the current team .
Continuing drafting success
Head Coach Rory Dames is certainly full of drafting know-how , mostly thanks to their involvement at the youth level with Chicago ECNL side Eclipse Select , for whom they are Club President . The team won back-to-back Rookie of the Year honors in 2014 and 2015 , as now-U.S. international Julie Johnston and midfield dynamo Danielle Colaprico shone respectively .
Dames also likes to keep things local - no fewer than nine Eclipse alum have played in Chicago 's NWSL , and six of the current Red Stars roster hail from Illinois - including Chicagoland natives Katie Naughton , Sarah Gorden , and Courtney Raetzman , all of whom were picked up in the 2016 College Draft . With this outlook , Dames knows exactly what he 's getting with their draftees , as well as putting themselves in the best position to keep the players , in a league where many retire early on as they struggle with finances .
Consolidation
With USWNT players Alyssa Naeher , Julie Johnston , and Christen Press , as well as newbie Casey Short , the Red Stars already have a very solid spine and have plenty of young talent to back them up . Many have lamented the lack of national team opportunities for midfield duo Colaprico and Vanessa DiBernardo , who have been impressive in their two and three seasons respectively .
The aim for Chicago this draft will certainly be to add options to the strong core group they already have - all of the 2016 squad was offered a new contract at the tail end of last year .
Chicago have two picks in both the second and third round , as well as the second last pick overall . While the top players are beyond them , they have a great opportunity to pick up some very solid players .
Morgan Proffitt , Marquette
Marquette 's three-year captain Morgan Proffitt was named on the 2016 Mac Hermann Trophy Watch List and has been part of the US U23 WNT squad for the last year , including the Nordic Cup tournament win last June .
While the central-midfield pairing of Colaprico and DiBernardo is undisputed , Proffitt 's towering height at 5'11 '' puts their ( literally ) above them , and their ability to win aerial battles and sweep up the midfield could see them push for a starting spot if drafted for the Red Stars . Also , if either of the two current starters were to be injured , there is n't currently an obvious backup on the Red Stars ' roster .
Proffitt 's ability to play both centre-back and defensive midfield could give them an edge as well , as they could also challenge Naughton and Johnson for a spot in the backline .
Although the Indiana native is n't a name everyone is talking about , they are well known to Dames ; Proffitt was part of the Red Stars Reserves team who made it to the WPSL semi-final in 2016 . It would n't be a surprise if Dames continues their tradition of sticking to what they know , and drafting Proffitt .
Morgan Proffitt celebrates scoring against Santa Clara . | Source : Marquette Wire
Toni Payne , Duke
Another member of the Nordic Cup winning U23 side , Toni Payne is a player who immediately became a mainstay for Duke , and never really dropped pace . A goalscorer in all four seasons , Payne 's speed on and off the ball could well suit a Red Stars team whose attacking style focuses on counter-attacks and quick ball movement .
Chicago 's frontline is already quite crowded with Press leading the line with various partners - 2013 draftee Jen Hoy is still a reliable goalscorer , but with Cara Walls , Sofia Huerta , and Alyssa Mautz still fighting for attacking spots , along with the recent acquisition of Steph McCaffrey , Payne would likely find themselves on the bench - although they would likely make a good impact-sub at the next level . There would certainly be an opportunity for them to break into the team as an attacking winger .
Abby Reed , DePaul
Another attacking option for Dames in this draft is DePaul forward Abby Reed . Reed certainly fits Dames ' bill - they are an Illinois native and was also part of the Red Stars Reserves team in 2016 . They contributed four goals in their five matches , so they will undoubtedly be on the team 's radar .
After a record-breaking first-year student season with Indiana State , Reed transferred to DePaul and tied the school record for goals in a season with twelve in their first season with the Blue Demons .
In their senior season , they helped DePaul to the Big East regular season title , although they fell in the conference semi-final .
Similar to Payne , they are likely to find a starting spot but could add options up top on the few occasions when the national team players are away , or in case of injury .
Both Proffitt and Reed were on the Red Stars ' “ Roster Outlook ” , along with Rashida Beal ( Minnesota ) and Gracie Lachowecki ( Miami ) .
Eleven of Chicago 's current roster have come from previous College Drafts - so you can be assured that whoever Dames and the Red Stars select , they will be more than ready to make an impact in the NWSL .
shotgun.drwuro.com
4-Player Death Match
for your Commodore C64/C128 for your Commodore C64/C128
ABOUT THE GAME
Enter the arena with your friends , grab a gun , and shoot the hell out of them !
This great action game supports the `` Classical Games 4-Player Interface '' , which you can buy online for little money , or you can even build one by yourself . More information about this device can be found here .
Alternatively , since version 1.1 you can also use the `` SuperPad64 adapter '' and play the game using Super NES controllers . More information about this device can be found here .
This game is freeware - copy it to all your friends and play it at every C64 gaming party !
However , if you enjoy playing it , you are very welcome to donate or buy me a beer if you meet me somewhere in real-life ; - )
paypal @ drwuro.com
Or , if you would like to have something nice for your collection , have a look at the Boxed Version !
DOWNLOAD
Note : This is a game for the Commodore C64 home computer . If you have no such machine or if you have no possibility to transfer .PRG or .D64 files to a real C64 , you can use an Emulator like VICE to play it on your PC/Mac or similar ( VICE actually supports 4 joysticks , btw ) .
current version ( 1.1 ) :
shotgun-1.1.prg
shotgun-1.1.d64
what 's new in version 1.1 :
menu is now operated via joystick ( port 1 ) instead of keyboard
music is now fully PAL/NTSC compatible
sound fx routine has been improved
game is now SuperPad64 compatible
x-mas mode is now included as an easter-egg
old versions :
shotgun.prg
shotgun.d64
shotgun-xmas.prg
SCREENSHOTS
X-Mas Edition :
There is also a special holiday-themed version available . This version not only lets you play as Santa Claus characters , it also features two additional color schemes ( `` icy x-mas '' and `` cozy x-mas '' ) and an all-new bonus map ( Arena H ) !
Originally released as a seperate version , it is now included as an easter-egg in the regular game ( since version 1.1 ) . Check out the Download section for more info .
BOXED VERSION
If you would like to have a physical copy of the game on 5.25 '' disk and with a printed manual etc , send a mail to email @ drwuro.com . The price of the Boxed Version is 16.90 EUR , shipping is 2.90 for Germany or 3.90 international ( as letter ) .
Please note that this game is also available on cartridge , along with the game FROGS and two additional joystick ports - so be sure to check this out , too : 4-Player Games Collection
Contents of the Boxed Version :
Flip Cover ( which means you can turn around the cover to choose from two different title pics )
( which means you can turn around the cover to choose from two different title pics ) 5.25 '' Diskette
printed Game Manual
3 cool Extras ( surprise ! )
Here are some nice pics of the Boxed Version :
WASHINGTON — This is an updated version of an article published in June that explains what we know about obstruction of justice and how it relates to President Trump 's actions .
President Trump 's assertion that they fired their former national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , in part because they knew that Mr. Flynn had lied to the F.B.I . about their conversations with the Russian ambassador — for which Mr. Flynn pleaded guilty on Friday — has intensified accusations that the president committed obstruction of justice .
Critics of Mr. Trump have portrayed the statement as a confession that they knew Mr. Flynn had committed a crime — not just that Mr. Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence , the initial justification the White House gave for their firing — when they pressured James B. Comey , the F.B.I . director at the time , to drop the investigation into Mr. Flynn , according to Mr. Comey 's testimony before Congress . Mr. Trump later fired Mr. Comey .
Mr. Trump has denied that they pressured Mr. Comey to drop the investigation . And one of Mr. Trump 's lawyers , John Dowd , has since said that he , not the president , drafted the tweet about firing Mr. Flynn because they lied to the F.B.I . Mr. Dowd has also claimed that the president , as a matter of constitutional law , can not violate obstruction of justice statutes anyway .
The nation 's major companies and law firms are advancing in record numbers vital policies and practices to protect lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and queer ( LGBTQ ) workers around the world , according to the 2017 Corporate Equality Index released today by the Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) Foundation , the educational arm of the nation 's largest LGBTQ civil rights organization .
The Corporate Equality Index ( CEI ) , launched in 2002 to assess LGBT-inclusive policies and practices at Fortune 500 companies , also highlights how corporate leaders are increasingly stepping up to play a leading role in opposing anti-equality legislation -- from statehouses to the U.S. Capitol . Through their actions , taken as LGBTQ workers and customers have been facing a record number of anti-LGBTQ bills in state legislatures across the country , business leaders are building on their longstanding commitment to expanding workplace equality for LGBTQ people .
This year , a record-breaking 517 businesses earned the CEI 's top score of 100 , up from 407 last year . That 's a single-year increase of more than 25 percent -- the largest jump in the 15-year history of the nation 's premiere benchmarking tool for LGBT workplace equality . Leadership demonstrated by these businesses , including speaking out against discriminatory laws like North Carolina 's HB2 , reflect more than a decade of work inside these companies to expand LGBT , and particularly transgender , workplace equality .
“ Even in the face of relentless attempts to undermine equality , America 's leading companies and law firms remain steadfast and committed to supporting and defending the rights and dignity of LGBTQ people , ” said HRC President Chad Griffin . “ The unprecedented expansion of inclusive workplaces across the country and around the globe not only reflects our progress , it helps drive it . As we enter a new chapter in our fight for equality , support from the business community will be more critical than ever to protect our historic advancements over the last decade and to continue to push equality forward for workers , customers , and families around the world . ”
Over the last several years , CEI-rated companies have dramatically expanded their support for transgender workers . When the CEI launched , just three percent of Fortune 500 companies had non-discrimination protections that included gender identity . Today , that number is 82 percent . In a historic display of support for transgender equality , 68 companies joined HRC to file an amicus brief earlier this year supporting the U.S. Department of Justice 's effort to block some of the most egregious anti-transgender aspects of North Carolina 's HB2 law . And more than 200 business leaders signed on to an open letter urging North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory and the state 's General Assembly to repeal the harmful law .
The record number of companies earning a score of 100 in the most rigorous evaluation in the history of the CEI , reflects their commitment to sexual orientation and gender identity non-discrimination protections -- at home and around the world -- as well as to adopting LGBT-inclusive practices and benefits such as establishing employee resource groups and offering trans-inclusive health benefits .
“ Through 15 editions of the annual Corporate Equality Index , major private sector employers have demonstrated over and over that inclusion is not just the right thing to do , it makes for a stronger , more successful business , ” said Deena Fidas , Director of HRC 's Workplace Equality Program . “ From centuries-old companies to those that have existed for just a few years , major employers have adopted LGBT-inclusive policies and benefits at rates that continue to outpace lawmakers and lead the way forward . ”
Last year , the CEI for the first time expanded its benchmarks for inclusion to include global policies , recognizing the worldwide impact of many Fortune 500 companies . The community has responded , and this year 92 percent of CEI-rated companies include both sexual orientation and gender identity non-discrimination protections that apply to workers domestically and internationally .
This fall HRC Equidad MX : Global Workplace Equality Program was launched : it is a formal program with partners on the ground to grow the number of Mexican and Latin American businesses adopting LGBT-inclusive policies and practices . The launch event is later today at The Dow Chemical Company in Mexico City . In addition to The Dow Chemical Company , HRC Equidad MX staff will be joined by leaders from the U.S. Embassy in Mexico , J.P. Morgan Chase , and PEMEX , the Mexican state-owned petroleum company to celebrate and mark the importance of full LGBT inclusion in their respective organizations .
The CEI rates companies and top law firms on detailed criteria falling under five broad categories :
Non-discrimination policies
Employment benefits
Demonstrated organizational competency and accountability around LGBT diversity and inclusion
Public commitment to LGBT equality
Responsible citizenship
This year 887 companies and firms were officially rated and , in addition to the record number of companies receiving a perfect score of 100 , progress continued across workplaces , including :
93 percent of rated companies had adopted sexual orientation equal employment policies for U.S. and global operations and 92 percent had gender identity equal employment policies for U.S. and global operations .
Same-sex domestic partner or spousal benefits were provided by 98 percent of rated companies .
73 percent of rated companies offer transgender-inclusive healthcare coverage , up from 60 percent from last year , the largest single year increase in trans-inclusive health benefits since the coverage was added to the CEI .
The full report is available online at hrc.im/CEIReport .
Blackmail ( 1929 )
The first step in any film restoration project is to gather together as much knowledge as possible about the film and the context in which it was produced . This will provide clues as to how the finished film should look and the probable location of any surviving materials .
As many as 80 % of silent films are permanently lost , so we need to search thoroughly for any available prints , negatives , copies on smaller formats , or even fragments . We need to establish a number of factors about the film – when and where it was made ; what format it would have been produced on ; if it 's a silent film what speed it should run at ( 24 frames per second was embedded as a standard only in the sound era ) ; the original running length and , if there are different versions , which one we have .
Thanks to Alfred Hitchcock 's incredible status and popularity , all of their films have been well researched over the years . Any film associated with Hitchcock has been repeatedly screened , discussed and written about , and the films have been rereleased and reissued to each new generation . But it is the very popularity of the films that created problems for our restoration team . The original negatives will have been used to reprint and reprint again , while prints and duplicate negatives would themselves have been made from prints… and so on , leaving us with a complex family tree of materials .
Information about the film – original release dates , original structure and content of the film , original titles , cast and crew credits – are assembled from various sources . Business records from studios for this early period are very rare , and scripts rarer still . Easier to find are advertisements in newspapers or the film trade press .
Easy Virtue ( 1927 )
Once all the available information has been brought together , work can commence on tracing the materials themselves . There is no shortcut for this work : finding materials is a time-consuming business . There are no centralised listings of the film elements held by the world 's archives . Because listing and cataloguing large collections can take decades , many archives do n't know enough about the material they hold , so that even an apparently simple question – “ Do you hold this Hitchcock title in your archive and what is its provenance ? ” – may be difficult for an archive to answer .
It is important to understand something of the context of a film 's production and the commercial environment in which it survives . Films were not made to last : once they had been released the negatives went back onto a shelf and the prints were , in theory , recalled and destroyed . Sometimes copies were held for reprinting on a popular title and sometimes release prints were retained for copyright purposes . The number of original ( ie printed at the time ) release prints that are likely to survive is very small .
The Lodger ( 1926 )
A title such as Hitchcock 's The Lodger ( 1926 ) , for example , might be found in several film archives , but the prints all derive from the same source material and are usually copies that have been run off later for exhibition purposes in different countries . In this case , the only material that could be used as the source for a restoration is a tinted release print from 1926 . There are no original negatives or pre-print materials in existence , and none of the materials in the world 's archives are of an earlier generation .
All copies of the film need to be taken into consideration , although some can be discounted for use in the restoration itself – versions that have been reissued with a sound track ( which results in cropping of the image ) may not be much use , but even these can contain some extra footage or provide valuable information .
Material from copies on small gauge film stock ( 28mm , 16mm , 9.5mm , 8mm ) which were issued for home viewing , usually in shortened versions , can be difficult to match to the full frame 35mm material , but they can be very valuable for reference because they derive from early generation 35mm prints and can be examined for indications of the original editing and intertitles .
Once we have assembled all the known , useful film material , the detailed work of comparing all these elements begins .
This weekend , Phoenix visits the future , drives down to the past , listens to video games , and more .
Thursday , March 6th
[ Tempe ]
This one sounds pretty rad . A few universities , including ASU , are showing off their “ responsive environments , real-time media instruments , détourned theatrical technologies , sensor-embedded clothing , and other everyday objects into an apparatus for exploring rhythm , temporal texture , and transition. ” Just show up around 4pm .
Friday , March 7th
[ Old Tucson ]
Conventions can get a bit wild , but only one dares to be Wild Wild . WWWC is becoming one of Arizona 's staple conventions , and it has a fantastic reputation for providing a full weekend of as much Steampunk as you can handle . Roadtrip ( or airship ) down to Old Tucson and have a blast .
[ Phoenix ]
Emerge 2014 begins this weekend and what better way to kick things off than with a futuristic carnival ? Head to the corner of 3rd Street and Garfield between 6pm and 11pm for some neon-electro-circus magic
Saturday , March 8th
[ Phoenix ]
If you 'd like to get involved with the valley 's biggest nerd event , drop by the Phoenix Convention Center ( center west building – just follow the crowd of geeky t-shirts ) this Saturday at 10am . Get to meet other volunteers and sign up yourself , if'n ya like .
[ Phoenix ]
Some games have incredible soundtracks . Some of those soundtracks will be performed live by an orchestra and choir this weekend . I 've been to one of these before , and it 's good times . I 'm glad they 're coming through Phoenix again . Taking place at the Orpheum Theatre .
And I was going to mention Chandler 's Ostrich Festival this weekend , but apparently they do n't do Ostrich Jousting so…
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro declared a 60-day state of emergency on May 13 , citing what they call plots from within the country and the U.S. to topple their leftist government . ( Reuters )
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro declared a 60-day state of emergency on May 13 , citing what they call plots from within the country and the U.S. to topple their leftist government . ( Reuters )
Venezuela , where clashes erupted this week between security forces and demonstrators protesting food shortages , power blackouts and political gridlock , may be headed toward an all-out popular uprising that could lead to the overthrow of its government this year , senior U.S. intelligence officials said .
“ You can hear the ice cracking , ” an intelligence official said . “ You know there 's a crisis coming . ”
Disaster is pending in Venezuela at the same time the Obama administration believes that it has vastly improved U.S. standing in Latin America , compared with the days when political and economic turmoil in the hemisphere was blamed , sometimes with reason , on either interference or disregard by Washington .
There have been many times over the past two decades when the United States has wished for the demise of the left-wing Bolivarian revolution begun by former Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez and carried on since 2013 by their successor , Nicolás Maduro . The Obama administration and its predecessor have charged the government in Caracas with corruption , human rights abuses and drug smuggling , among other things , and have supported the political opposition .
[ Venezuela declares a two-day workweek because of energy shortages ]
But policymakers think there is little they can now do to change the fast-deteriorating situation . The main U.S. concern is that a major Latin American country does not collapse .
The days of America rooting for the ouster of Chávez and their revolutionary movement “ are over , ” the intelligence official said . Now , “ it 's not really the case that the United States is rooting for any outcome , other than that it 's not an outbreak of political violence . You 'd have to be insane not to worry . ”
The senior intelligence officials , who briefed a small group of reporters , spoke on the condition of anonymity underground rules set by the government .
The opposition has organized a petition drive to recall Maduro . But their government , which still controls the levers of power despite an opposition victory in December 's parliamentary elections , has taken steps to delay verification of signatures supporting a recall referendum .
If Maduro was to lose a referendum held before Jan. 10 , new elections could be called . If it was after that , the vice president would replace Maduro and hold office until the end of the current presidential term in 2019 .
Economic problems , however , may lead to a full-fledged uprising before the political drama plays itself out , according to U.S. intelligence analysis . Mismanagement and a 69 percent drop in the price of Venezuelan oil — the source of virtually all state income — have left the government unable to cover imports and its substantial foreign debt .
Inflation , at around 700 percent , is the highest in the world . The worst drought in half a century has led to water and electricity shortages , with rolling blackouts and government-imposed furloughs for state workers .
Severe shortages of food , medicine and consumer goods , with hours-long lines to purchase basic commodities , led this week to widespread looting that was met with tear gas fired by security forces . Opposition-led protesters took to the streets , demanding that Maduro step down .
Chavez had used high oil profits in past years to address the country 's widespread poverty and illiteracy and consolidate their control . But by the time their presidency ended with their death from cancer in 2013 , high-level corruption was rife , income was falling and violence was spreading .
The intelligence officials outlined three possible change-of-government scenarios . The failure of this year 's recall referendum could lead to another petition next year . But the opposition — itself divided and ill-disciplined — has been a disappointment to the Obama administration .
Second , there could be a “ palace coup ” in which some members of Maduro 's government move to oust them with the help of some segment of the military .
The third possible scenario is a military move , possibly led by lower-ranking officers and enlisted members who also are feeling the economic pinch , to remove the government altogether .
Read more :
A once-proud industrial city , now a monument to Venezuela 's economic woes
The special , weird misery of being a shopper in Venezuela
Days of looting in Venezuela
Chaoulli v Quebec ( AG ) [ 2005 ] 1 S.C.R . 791 , 2005 SCC 35 , was a decision by the Supreme Court of Canada of which the Court ruled that the Quebec Health Insurance Act and the Hospital Insurance Act prohibiting private medical insurance in the face of long wait times violated the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms . In a 4 to 3 decision , the Court found the Acts violated Quebecers ' right to life and security of person under the Quebec Charter . The ruling is binding only in Quebec . Three of the seven judges also found that the laws violated section seven of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms . One judge did not rule on the Canadian Charter . The result was a 3–3 tie on the question of the Canadian Charter , so Chaoulli decision does not apply to any other province .
Background [ edit ]
Having suffered in the past from numerous health problems including a hip replacement , 73-year-old salesperson George Zeliotis became an advocate for reducing waiting times for patients in Quebec hospitals .
Jacques Chaoulli is a doctor who provided home appointments to patients . They attempted to get a licence to offer their services as an independent private hospital but was rejected due to provincial legislation prohibiting private health insurance .
Together , the two men sought a declaratory judgment to contest the prohibition .
Court 's opinions [ edit ]
Three separate opinions were written . The first is by Deschamps who found a violation of the Quebec Charter , but stated there was no necessity for them to rule on the Canadian Charter . A second opinion was written by McLachlin C.J . and Major J. , with Bastarache J. concurring , on the violation of section seven . A dissenting opinion was given by Binnie and LeBel JJ . with Fish J. concurring in dissent .
Deschamps [ edit ]
Deschamps begins by identifying the issue as being whether the prohibition is `` justified by the need to preserve the integrity of the public system '' and not questioning the single-tier health system itself . In examining the legislative context of the case , they warn against politicizing the issue and against taking an emotional tone to the judgment .
The appeal court 's characterization of the issue as an infringement of an economic right is rejected by Deschamps . They go on to note that the long waits at hospitals can result in deaths and that private health care prohibited by the Quebec Acts would likely have saved those lives . The wait lists , they claim , are an implicit form of rationing , and it is the government 's rationing policy that is being challenged here as a violation of the right to `` security of person '' ( per Canadian Charter ) and `` personal inviolability '' ( per Quebec Charter ) .
Deschamps sides with the trial judge , who found a violation of section 7 of the Canadian Charter , but they interpret it as being more of a violation of the similar section 1 of the Quebec Charter . They adopt a broad interpretation , citing R. v. Morgentaler among others as examples of delay in medical treatment as a violation of security of person . They further reject the dissenters ' suggestion that a patient could seek medical treatment outside of the province as too extreme and case-specific .
Turning to the requisite analysis to justify the violation , Deschamps points to the `` minimal impairment '' expectation to be the one of the most interest . Expert and witness testimony was examined of which they found it to be not particularly credible or useful . They then examines other provinces ' health legislation , finding the lack of prohibitory legislation allows them to conclude that the Quebec Acts are not necessary to preserve the public health plan . Studies on public health programs in other countries examined by Deschamps support this claim .
The issue of deference to government is considered . `` When the courts are given the tools they need to make a decision , they should not hesitate to assume their responsibilities , '' [ 1 ] they state , claiming that social policies developed by the government should not be shied away from by the courts . Deference should be given only with a justification consistent with democratic values and sufficiently necessary to maintain public order .
In concluding , Deschamp points their finger squarely at the government and suggests the need for change :
For many years , the government has failed to act ; the situation continues to deteriorate . This is not a case in which missing scientific data would allow for a more informed decision to be made . The principle of prudence that is so popular in matters relating to the environment and to medical research can not be transposed to this case . Under the Quebec plan , the government can control its human resources in various ways , whether by using the time of professionals who have already reached the maximum for payment by the state , by applying the provision that authorizes it to compel even nonparticipating physicians to provide services ( s. 30 HEIA ) or by implementing less restrictive measures , like those adopted in the four Canadian provinces that do not prohibit private insurance or in the other OECD countries . While the government has the power to decide what measures to adopt , it can not choose to do nothing in the face of the violation of Quebecers ' right to security . The government has not given reasons for its failure to act . Inertia can not be used as an argument to justify deference . [ 2 ]
McLachlin and Major [ edit ]
Both McLachlin and Major agree with Deschamp 's reasoning but rely more on section 7 and section 1 of the Canadian Charter to reach the same outcome . They observe that the `` Charter does not confer a freestanding constitutional right to health care . However , where the government puts in place a scheme to provide health care , that scheme must comply with the Charter . '' [ 3 ]
To determine a violation of the Charter , they look at how the Quebec Acts differ from the Canada Health Act ' . They note that unlike with other legislation , the impugned Acts remove the ability to contract for private health care insurance and in effect create a virtual monopoly for the public health system . On the evidence of significant delays in service , this monopoly harms the right to security of person . Delays in medical treatment could have physical and stressful consequences .
In reviewing the public health care systems of several countries they find that the connection was missing . In defence of this , they criticize the dissenters ' rejection of international data as well and reliance on what they characterized as inconsistent reports from Romanow and Senator Kirby .
Binnie and LeBel [ edit ]
They begin by phrasing the question as being not one of rationing , but rather
whether the province of Quebec not only has the constitutional authority to establish a comprehensive single-tier health plan , but to discourage a second ( private ) tier health sector by prohibiting the purchase and sale of private health insurance . [ 4 ]
They then describe the problem as an issue of public policy and social values which is not for the courts to decide .
In our view , the appellants ' case does not rest on constitutional law but on their disagreement with the Quebec government on aspects of its social policy . The proper forum to determine the social policy of Quebec in this matter is the National Assembly . [ 5 ]
The characterization of the problem by the majority contains too much ambiguity , they claim . How can the court determine what is a `` reasonable '' wait time , they ask ?
Binnie and LeBel primarily take issue with the majority 's claim that the law is arbitrary contrary to the principles of fundamental justice .
appellants ' argument about `` arbitrariness '' is based largely on generalizations about the public system drawn from fragmentary experience , an overly optimistic view of the benefits offered by private health insurance , an oversimplified view of the adverse effects on the public health system of permitting private sector health services to flourish and an overly interventionist view of the role the courts should play in trying to supply a `` fix '' to the failings , real or perceived , of major social programs . [ 6 ]
The dissenters ' interpretation of the legislation finds a rational connection to the objectives of the Canadian Health Act :
Not all Canadian provinces prohibit private health insurance , but all of them take steps to protect the public health system by discouraging the private sector ... the mixture of deterrents differs from province to province , but the underlying policies flow from the Canada Health Act and are the same : i.e . as a matter of principle , health care should be based on need , not wealth , and as a matter of practicality the provinces judge that growth of the private sector will undermine the strength of the Canada Health Act . [ 7 ]
They admit agreeing with the majority and the trial judge that the law will put some Quebecers life and `` security of person '' at risk , but they do not see the matter being resolved by or applicable to the constitution . They state that `` it will likely be a rare case where s. 7 will apply in circumstances entirely unrelated to adjudicative or administrative proceedings . '' However , they claim , this is not one of those times . Instead , they lament the overextension of the constitution :
The Court has been moving away from a narrow approach to s. 7 , which restricted the scope of the section to legal rights to be interpreted in light of the rights enumerated in ss . 8-14 . [ 8 ]
In effect , the dissenters say , the Court is only protecting the right to contract and pushing Canada into its own Lochner era , while dismissing those that claimed privatizing will not necessarily solve the problem .
They characterize the majority 's use of the word `` arbitrary '' as meaning `` unnecessary , '' claiming that if that were true , it would require the courts to interfere too much with lawmakers .
The dissenters ' final objection is the majority 's expansion of the reasoning in R. v. Morgentaler . Binnie and LeBel distinguish R. v. Morgentaler from the current case , as the former was about `` manifest unfairness '' and criminal liability , not arbitrariness and public health policy , which , they claim , requires a very different analytical approach .
Aftermath [ edit ]
The decision proved to be highly contentious by its political nature and its conflict with the present government 's policy on health . There are those , [ 9 ] who argue that this decision could potentially lead to the dismantling of the Canadian Medicare system , while others suggest that this could be a much-needed wake-up call to repair the ailing system .
This ruling could have a direct effect on most provinces that currently have laws that are designed to discourage the private sector , in particular Ontario , Manitoba , British Columbia , Alberta , and Prince Edward Island , which all have legislation very similar to the impugned laws in Quebec .
After the Supreme Court rendered its judgment , the Attorney General of Quebec asked the Court to stay ( suspend ) its judgment for 18 months . The Court granted the stay for only 12 months ; it therefore expired on June 8 , 2006 . [ 10 ]
In August 2005 , delegates to the Canadian Medical Association adopted a motion supporting access to private-sector health services and private medical insurance in circumstances where patients can not obtain timely access to care through the single-payer health care system . [ 11 ]
In November 2005 , a Quebec provincial white paper on limited private reforms was leaked to the media . The paper proposed allowing the purchase of private medical insurance . To prevent doctors from abandoning the public system , the paper would force doctors to perform a minimum amount of work in the public sector before they would be allowed to perform in the private sector .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Court documents [ edit ]
Analysis [ edit ]
Some Dropbox users have begun reporting that their accounts are under attack from spam , but what 's more troubling is that , in select cases , the spam is hitting accounts where users claim their email address is only used on Dropbox and not elsewhere on the web . In other words , it 's a unique and private email address , which means there 's an increased possibility that the spam may be related to an address leak on Dropbox 's part .
That 's not necessarily the case , however . Spambots sometimes try random emails until they get a hit , the users may have malware on their PCs which has captured their email through other methods ( like a keylogger , for example ) , and there 's a chance that another third-party app which integrates with Dropbox may actually be the source of the problem . Dropbox is looking into these claims right now , according to the latest official word from the company .
The user complaints first showed up on the Dropbox forums , where , eight hours ago , a company representative called “ Joe ” stated that Dropbox is : “ actively investigating your reports ” and “ if you have any additional information , please email security @ dropbox.com , and we 'll be sure to follow up . ”
Many of the affected users initially appeared to be located in Germany , and much of the spam comes from a spammer called “ Euro Dice Exchange , ” from early reports . However some users claim to have received different spam messages , and others outside of Germany ( in the Netherlands and U.K. , mainly ) have also been affected according to both forum messages and tweets . We 're not seeing any reports of Dropbox U.S. users targeted , though . Let us know if you were .
You can see many of the “ Dropbox spam ? ” tweets here , for instance .
Any German dropbox users getting spam ? forums.dropbox.com/topic.php ? id=6… — macshome ( @ macshome ) July 17 , 2012
My Dropbox e-mail address is now receiving spam.Has there been a security breach ? # Dropbox # fb — Kev Kev ( @ CyaeghaUK ) July 17 , 2012
I am receiving Spam on my dropbox-only Email account . Any explanation for this , @ dropbox ? — Linuzifer ( @ Linuzifer ) July 17 , 2012
. @ Dropbox Just to inform you had two spam emails addressed to my dropbox email address this morning . Same content , but ‘ different ' senders . — Qyv ( @ PhotonQyv ) July 17 , 2012
Uhoh , just had spam to email address only used for Dropbox . Has there been any news of security breach there ? : / — Edith S ( @ wiilassie ) July 17 , 2012
Lots of spam suddenly coming to an email dropbox @ [ mydomain ] .co.uk , which I happen to have used to sign up for a certain service . Hmmm… . — Richard England ( @ englandrp ) July 17 , 2012
It 's too soon to point fingers at Dropbox as the source of the leak , despite the flare-up . But we reached out to the company around 45 minutes ago with a request for more details . Dropbox communications can be slow to turn around responses , so we 'll update this post with news as it comes in .
Update , 3:11 PM ET – Here 's the official statement from a Dropbox company representative :
We ‘ re aware that some Dropbox users have been receiving spam to email addresses associated with their Dropbox accounts . Our top priority is investigating this issue thoroughly and updating you as soon as we can . We know it 's frustrating not to get an update with more details sooner , but please bear with us as our investigation continues .
Update 2 , 4:00 PM ET – Various reports of Dropbox being down have been circulating on Twitter and elsewhere ( The status page is showing “ up ” currently . ) Estimated outage around 30 minutes , based on Twitter .
Update 3 , 6 PM ET : Dropbox says the downtime was unrelated .
Mark Zuckerberg ( right ) talks with some Dreamers . Caroline Cakebread/Business Insider Tomás Evangelista 's status as undocumented immigrant thwarted their dream to join the military and made it hard for them to find a job .
Now he 's trying to help other Dreamers like them — immigrants without papers who arrived in this country as children — contend with similar and more pressing problems including homelessness . They founded a group called California Dreamers , which provides a place for such immigrants to share their stories and experiences and tries to help them tackle the issues they face .
`` We wanted to be the solution for some of the issues in our community , '' Evangelista said in a Facebook Live video on Wednesday .
Evangelista was one of three Dreamers who joined Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg in their Palo Alto , California , home on Wednesday for a conversation about the Dreamers and the impact of President Trump 's decision on Tuesday to end the Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program , which protects such immigrants from deportation . Facebook posted the streaming video on Zuckerberg 's personal page on the site .
`` I just thought it would be good to sit down and talk with some Dreamers about their stories and hear what their experience was like getting DACA , '' Zuckerberg said as they introduced Evangelista and two other Dreamers , named Lizette and Maria .
For their part , Evangelista talked about how their father had abandoned them before they were born and how their mother had died when they were six , after moving to this country to escape the poverty of the small Mexican town where they were born . They also talked about how they went to college and graduated with a degree in kinesiology before starting California Dreamers in their hometown of Auburn , California .
Throughout the video stream , Zuckerberg urged people to act on behalf of the Dreamers , to call their congressional representatives and advocate for a quick and permanent solution for the 800,000 people affected by the end of the program .
DACA reform is `` the most clear-cut of all the immigration issues , '' they said . They added : `` A full pathway to citizenship , a full percent guarantee they will have permanent status here and be able to work , so that 's the thing we need to get done , and we have a limited time to do that . ''
They also advertised Fwd.us , an immigration-focused organization they cofounded , pointing people to the resources on the website .
This is n't the first time Zuckerberg spoken up in favor of immigration reform . He 's been a vocal supporter of the DACA program throughout .
After posting an initial statement in support of Dreamers on their Facebook page last week , Zuckerberg took the time to debate with people disagreeing with them in the comment section . When US Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the end of the program Tuesday , Zuckerberg took to Facebook again calling it , `` a sad day for our country . ''
Before ending the video stream on Wednesday , Zuckerberg reiterated their plans to support the Dreamers .
`` In a time when it can feel like the government does n't seem like it always has your back , I think it 's important you know a lot of people stand with you , and we are going to fight to stand with you , '' they said .
You can watch the full conversation here :
You know , sometimes Democrats can be their own worst enemies . ( Applause . ) Democrats are an opinionated bunch . ( Applause . ) You know , the other side , they just kind of -- sometimes -- do what they 're told . ( Laughter . ) Democrats , you all are thinking for yourselves . ( Applause . ) I like that in you . But it 's time for us to make sure that we finish the job here . We are this close . And we 've got to be unified . ( Applause . )
Just as it is not possible for an individual to restrict what constitutes a fundamental psychological methodology to only one area of their life , so a ruling class will not employ one approach in foreign policy while dealing with matters of domestic politics in a radically different manner . In any case , the U.S. ruling class never had such a desire : in one way or another , other nations would be made to submit to the demands of the U.S. government -- and the same is true for U.S. citizens . The citizens of America will do exactly as the ruling class demands -- or else . As far as the ruling class is concerned , you have as little reason to complain as the murdered Iraqis do : the ruling class only wishes to improve your life . The ruling class acts only on your behalf , and `` for your own good . ''
You now witness these tactics of intimidation and of the most transparently , viciously manipulative fear-mongering deployed by almost every member of the ruling class in connection with the bailout bill .
If you do n't `` recognize '' what Clinton demands you recognize -- whether it 's true or not , whether the `` solution '' they propose is a solution or more of the poison that is killing us -- you 're just stupid .
I have several other news articles offering comments from other members of the ruling class , and I could easily find many , many more , all to the same general effect : be terrified and do what they say . Or else . If you do n't understand the urgency and necessity of doing exactly what they say , you 're just stupid . In that case , you should obviously turn your life and your money over to your betters . Let them dispose of all of it as they see fit . That 's why they 're your rulers , is n't it ? They know what 's best for you .
Do what they demand -- or else .
And to all those non-Democrats who may be in the audience -- ( laughter ) -- or who are watching our webcast , or who will hear about this on cable -- ( laughter ) -- I want you to know I believe in a strong and loyal opposition . I believe in a two-party system where ideas are tested and assumptions are challenged . That 's made this legislation that we 're working on better and more durable . That 's how our democracy works . That 's a good thing .
But what I reject is when some folks decide to sit on the sidelines and root for failure on health care -- ( applause ) -- or they root for failure on reforming our energy system , or they root for failure on getting the Olympics . I mean , who 's against the Olympics ? ( Laughter and applause . ) What 's up with that ? ( Laughter . ) You know ? That 's a sad thing , is n't it ?
AUDIENCE : Yes .
OBAMA : I mean , I do n't care if you 're Democrat or Republican -- you know , it 's the Olympics . ( Laughter and applause . ) Come on ! ( Applause . ) What I reject is when some folks , all they 've got to say is , let 's go back and do the things that we were doing that got us into this mess in the first place . ( Applause . ) We understand exactly who and what got us into this mess ( emphasis added ) . That 's all -- that 's all they 've got to say . Like we forgot . ( Laughter . ) We did n't forget . It was only nine months ago . ( Laughter and applause . )
The combative head of the TTC workers union is stepping aside after 12 years of defending their members , advocating for more transit funding and occasionally clashing with the riding public . Bob Kinnear , whose brash , plainspoken style and slicked-back hair have made them one Ontario 's most recognizable labour leaders , put out an automated call Friday to their union 's 10,000 members thanking them for their support .
TTC Union President Bob Kinnear listens to riders during a Town Hall organized by the TTC to connect with its riders in this file photo from 2010 . ( RICK MADONIK / TORONTO STAR )
“ After 12 years , it 's been the most enjoyable job and the most difficult thing I 've done , ” they said in an interview later . Kinnear told the Toronto Star that speculation over whether they would run in the local 's Dec. election was taking away focus from the issues the union is facing , including the threat of privatization to transit . “ One of the most important aspects of good leadership knows when to pass the torch , ” they said .
Article Continued Below
At least two long-time union executives are expected to run for president . Kinnear would n't confirm rumours that they are interested in working for the Amalgamated Transit Union 's international office in the U.S. , where their father is an executive . They said they will take some time to consider future opportunities , but at 45 , retirement is n't an option . Kinnear joined the TTC as a maintenance worker in 1988 and became a driver before becoming union president . They cited pension gains , no-contracting-out provisions and the legal victory that required the TTC to pay its workers health care premiums , as key victories in their time as president . Kinnear said they were also proud of their union 's approach to a 2010 TTC customer service crisis . The transit workers Local 113 held a series of town hall meetings that , they said , revealed that riders were more upset with the lack of transit service than they were concerned about sleeping subway collectors and drivers stopping for coffee breaks .
TTC workers walked off the job twice during Kinnear 's leadership . The first time was the 2006 one-day wildcat strike that stranded workday commuters . Then in 2008 , when the union refused to ratify a tentative contract agreement , drivers walked off the job on a Friday near midnight , stranding furious riders and again bringing the city to a standstill .
Article Continued Below
Under former Mayor Rob Ford ( open Rob Ford 's policard ) city council declared it had enough of the powerful transit union 's threat and asked the province to declare the Toronto transit an essential service . In March 2011 , Liberal Premier Dalton McGuinty 's government obliged . The union is still appealing that decision through the courts , said Kinnear . “ It was disheartening to lose a right I believe in so fundamentally . I still believe workers have the fundamental right to withdraw their work , ” they said . “ Bob has a genuine passion for transit and for the men and women that they have represented for the past 12 years . As such , their place in TTC history is assured and I wish them well in their future endeavors , ” said TTC CEO Andy Byford on Friday . Kinnear , who got married last month , denied that their decision to step down was related to their personal life . “ The local has always been my number one priority . I just felt because of all the rumours and speculation it was unhealthy for our members to not have clarity . ”
