Controversial gun legislation cleared a key Senate hurdle Thursday , as lawmakers voted 68-31 to start debate on the package which includes expanded background checks and new penalties for gun trafficking .
Senate Democrats , joined by 16 Republicans , were able to overcome an attempted filibuster by GOP senators opposed to the current bill . Those senators could still slow-walk the debate , but the Senate will eventually begin votes on amendments -- one of which is considered crucial to winning support for a final vote .
Though the bill cleared a 60-vote hurdle on Thursday , supporters will likely have to corral another 60-vote majority when it comes time to call a final vote , which Democrats acknowledged is a heavy lift .
The White House called Thursday 's tally an `` important '' but `` early milestone , '' as both sides of the issue prepare for a grueling debate .
The amendment likely to be at the front of the line is one from Sens . Joe Manchin , D-W.Va. , and Pat Toomey , R-Pa. , which would scale back the call for universal background checks . The plan would expand checks to gun-show and Internet sales , but exempt certain personal transactions .
The National Rifle Association and other gun-rights supporters voiced concern about the new proposal , saying it still goes too far . But the plan , offered by two lawmakers who are at the conservative end of their respective parties , could help ease opposition ahead of a final vote .
If the bill ultimately passes the Senate , it would still have to pass the Republican-dominated House .
`` The hard work starts now , '' Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said after Thursday 's vote .
They assured Democrats that a proposal to renew the assault weapons ban and a ban on high-capacity magazines would get a vote as an amendment , though it was dropped from the main bill amid intense opposition . The main bill also includes a measure to increase school safety funding .
Reid lost two Democrats in Thursday 's vote -- Sen. Mark Pryor , D-Ark. , and Sen. Mark Begich , D-Alaska , both lawmakers from states with a strong tradition of gun ownership .
More than a dozen Republican senators for days had threatened to hold up the bill Thursday . They voiced concern that the proposal -- namely , the background checks provision -- would infringe on Second Amendment rights and impose a burden on law-abiding gun owners . They also expressed frustration that , while Manchin and Toomey touted their compromise measure , the bill on the table Thursday did not yet include that . Rather , it included a stricter background checks provision .
`` Because the background-check measure is the centerpiece of this legislation it is critical that we know what is in the bill before we vote on it , '' Sens . Rand Paul , R-Ky. ; Ted Cruz , R-Texas ; and Mike Lee , R-Utah , said in a statement . `` The American people expect more and deserve better . ''
Thursday 's vote follows an intense week of lobbying by gun control advocates , including the families of the victims of the December mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut . That shooting prompted calls at the state and federal levels for new gun legislation .
Advocates like New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's Mayors Against Illegal Guns group are likely to spar intensely with the NRA and conservative lawmakers in the coming days as lawmakers debate the bill and advance to a final vote .
Republican , Dem defections on gun bill
JIM HIGHTOWER ON BUZZFLASH AT TRUTHOUT
( Photo : Tweenk ) In a 1932 dissenting opinion , Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis noted that the benefit of America 's federal structure is that `` a single courageous state may , if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory ; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country . ''
During my two terms as Texas Agriculture Commissioner , I was lucky enough to get the chance to put the Brandeis proposition into practice . There , we succeeded in establishing a broad network of farmers markets , providing state certification and labeling for organic products , promulgating comprehensive pesticide protections , creating food marketing co-ops , encouraging farmers to grow high-value nonconventional crops ( from apples to wine grapes ) , financing and developing locally-owned ag processing facilities , opening the doors of corporate-controlled commerce so small farmers and food artisans could sell their products in supermarkets and even in international markets , and promoting both water conservation and the use of renewable energy sources , Brandeis ' `` laboratory '' realized !
But — oops — meet unintended consequences of Brandeisian theory : The gaggle of small-minded , far-right extremists who 've grabbed the levers of gubernatorial power and established notoriously regressive regimes in Wisconsin , North Carolina , Kansas , Florida , Maine , Michigan , Arizona , Oklahoma , Indiana , and Texas . These governors share an uncanny uniformity in the policies ( written by the American Legislative Exchange Council or ALEC ) they push and the political language they use — as if operating from a common plan , advancing the same duo of governmental goals :
— To increase the power and profits of the corporate interests that put up the campaign cash that keep the governors in office by delivering subsidies , no-bid contracts , special tax breaks , regulatory benefits , etc .
— To knock down working-class and poor people by such despotic actions as suppressing voter turnout , destroying unions , bashing immigrants , militarizing police forces , slashing education budgets , corporatizing government programs , cutting human services for the needy , holding down wages , using theocratic piety to invade women 's bodies and rights , and autocratically pre-empting the democratic authority of activist citizens and local governments .
So while state ( and local ) offices offer myriad opportunities to create progressive democratic change , those laboratories of democracy are equally available to Dr. Frankenstein right-wingers ( funded by the Koch Brothers and their cartel ) who seek to engineer regressive plutocratic changes . And in recent years the forces of corporate rule have been building a national political structure that — brick by brick — locks in plutocratic power . Key to this scheme is systemically investing in the takeover of such state posts as governorships , legislatures , judges , redistricting boards , and regulatory agencies . Meanwhile , liberal strategists , funders and political operatives have largely avoided the gritty work of building democratic power through state campaigns . Instead , they have focused almost exclusively on the more glamorous , high-dollar races for President and Congress .
The right wing has recognized that while the media and both major parties are riveted on this year 's macabre ( thanks to The Donald ) contest for the White House , that 's hardly the only race that matters — and at least one progressive leader agrees : `` Trump and Hillary are taking up all the oxygen , '' says Nick Rathod , head of State Innovation Exchange , a policy consortium . `` But , really , they explain , `` where policy making is getting done is the states . '' Having lost 913 state legislative seats since 2010 , Democrats should be crying Mayday , for Republicans now control 68 of America 's 99 state legislative chambers — more than any time in our history . This includes 23 `` trifecta '' states where the GOP controls the governor 's office and both legislative chambers . In case the Democratic Party needs a Civics 101 refresher course , these state chambers will be redrawing — ie , gerrymandering — congressional districts following the 2020 census .
So , perhaps it 's time for the Democrats ' strategic geniuses and the rest of us to pay a bit more attention to state rep/senate races .
-- -
To find out more about Jim Hightower , and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Webpage at www.creators.com .
Adrian Peterson
The Vikings breathed a sigh of relief when Peterson returned to the field late in last Sunday night 's win over Green Bay after missing most of the second half with a back injury . Peterson is key to an offense that is struggling to move the football consistently well in the passing game under second-year quarterback Teddy Bridgewater . After missing almost all of the 2014 season following a child-abuse scandal , Peterson rebounded to regain their status as the NFL 's top running back . Peterson won their third rushing title this season with 1,485 yards along with 11 touchdowns .
Article continues below ...
Modern-day Purple People Eaters
The Vikings have assembled an impressive collection of defensive talent largely because of general manager Rick Spielman 's drafts . The unit finished the regular season tied with Green Bay for seventh in sacks with 43 , five of which came in last Sunday night 's win over the Packers . Veteran defensive end Everson Griffen leads the team with 10.5 , but Danielle Hunter has come on strong with six , which ranked second among all NFL rookies . Inside linebacker Eric Kendricks is another 2015 draft pick who has made a quick impact , tallying a team-high 92 tackles . Anthony Barr also has blossomed into a blue-chip outside linebacker during their second NFL season . The secondary is highlighted by ball-hawking safety Harrison Smith , who already has set a franchise record with four career interception returns for touchdowns in just their fourth NFL season . The defense is orchestrated by Mike Zimmer , who was one of the NFL 's most well-respected defensive minds when hired as Vikings head coach in 2014 , and coordinator George Edwards .
A winter wonderland
While being the NFC 's No . 3 seed only guarantees one home playoff game , getting to host Seattle on Sunday should provide a home-field advantage that may move the Vikings one step closer to their first Super Bowl appearance since the 1976 season . The forecast high is slated to be a frigid 14 degrees , conditions the Vikings are far more comfortable playing in than the Seahawks . The Vikings also have made themselves comfortable at TCF Stadium while their new domed venue is being completed for 2016 . The club 's 11-5 record on the University of Minnesota campus is the best in league history for a team forced to play in a temporary facility . If the Vikings win their first two playoff games and top-seeded Carolina and Arizona lose , Minnesota will host the NFC Championship game .
The chief executive of the Bank of Montreal said Tuesday their company would be open to dealing in bitcoin transactions provided that the virtual currency becomes more clearly regulated , the first such endorsement by the head of a major Canadian bank .
[ np_storybar title= ” Has Newsweek uncovered the mysterious inventor of Bitcoin ? ” link= ” https : //business.financialpost.com/2014/03/06/satoshi-nakamoto-bitcoin-creator-newsweek/ ” % 5DBitcoin 's shadowy inventor has finally been unmasked .
Satoshi Nakamoto is a 64-year-old Japanese American , a dishevelled eccentric who lives with their mother in a remote suburb of Los Angeles . Or at least so says an article in Newsweek
[ /np_storybar ]
If it was reliable and if it was regulated , “ then there 's no reason why we could n't be an intermediary in bitcoin-related transactions , ” Bill Downe said in an interview after the company 's annual general meeting in Toronto .
“ Because , if you wanted a Swiss franc transaction or a Japanese yen transaction or a U.S. dollar transaction , we can do that transaction for you , ” they said . “ If bitcoin [ can be ] a reliable medium of exchange , then at that point in the future , we would be able to [ conduct business ] with bitcoin . ”
One of the key features of bitcoin is that transactions do n't require a third party to sign off , like a bank or a credit card company . Every time a credit card gets swiped , the issuer charges a small fee — typically around 3 % . It does n't sound like much but it quickly adds up and consumers ultimately end up paying .
But since bitcoin transactions do n't require a third party , there 's effectively no fee — a huge benefit to the economy .
It 's also not controlled by any government or central bank . Bitcoin is part of a peer-to-peer software system . The amount in circulation is strictly controlled by an algorithm . That means it can not be incorporated into any country 's monetary policy and new bitcoins ca n't be created at the whim of central bankers .
In other words , the value of your savings wo n't get inflated away because the government felt the need to turn on the money printing press — as the U.S. Federal Reserve has done .
A recent report by Goldman Sachs , the New York investment bank , predicted that Bitcoin would force banks and other traditional financial players to compete by lowering their costs and streamlining their systems .
So far , however , almost every major banking chief in North America has either stayed mum on , or openly derided , the currency that has been linked to fraud , theft and other criminal activity .
Indeed , the furor has been so fierce that most Canadian banks wo n't do business with companies focused primarily on Bitcoin , refusing even to allow them to open accounts for fear of potential issues with regulators or other authorities down the road .
About a year ago , VirtEx , a bitcoin exchange based in Calgary , and a number of other leading bitcoin companies were sent letters by their banks informing them that their accounts were being closed . No reason was given , but industry sources said at the time lenders were worried about the exploding popularity of the digital currency and they did n't want to find themselves on the wrong side of regulators .
Canada 's banking watchdog said it does not regulate bitcoin . The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions said it does not prohibit the use of virtual currencies but it does expect banks “ to be aware of the risks and consequences of engaging in any financial activity . This includes activity that may be linked to virtual currencies . ”
‘ There 's no reason why we could n't be an intermediary in bitcoin-related transactions '
If the industry is leery , it 's not without reason . According to the Wall Street Journal , China 's central bank last week warned financial service companies to stay away from bitcoin , apparently part of an effort to purge the world 's most populous country of the cryptocurrency amid concern about money laundering .
In March , Mt . Gox , once the world 's biggest bitcoin exchange , filed for bankruptcy after claiming it lost $ 400-million of its customers ' bitcoins following a hack attack .
Since soaring above $ 1,100 late last year , the value of a single bitcoin has fallen by more than half , trading now at about $ 500 as enthusiasts responded to the stream of negative headlines .
The Canadian Bankers Association said in an email that it has no position on the cryptocurrency because it operates “ outside of the banking system and outside of a traditional national currency system and all of its protections . ”
Royal Bank of Canada , the biggest lender by market value , declined to comment and Toronto-Dominion Bank , the second largest , did not respond to a reporter 's request by press time .
Summer is here to stay now the rain is gone . And it 's beginning to look like a scorcher . But that 's nothing compared to the highest recorded temperatures in the ten ASEAN countries . Check this out !
/// ASEAN ///
Myanmar : The temperature at Myinmu , a river town west of Mandalay , rose to its highest at 47.2 °C ( 116.96 °F ) on May 14 as a moderate El Niño occurred in 2010
Thailand : Mae Hong Son saw the hottest temperature on record in Thailand topping out at 44.6 °C ( 112.3 °F ) on April 28 , 2016 . The previous record was held by Uttaradit at 44.5 °C ( 112.1 °F ) on April 27 , 1960 .
Vietnam : The temperature at Con Cuong rose to a record 42.7 °C ( 108.9 °F ) on May 30 , 2015 . The city of Con Cuong is located in Nghe An Province in the North Central region of Vietnam .
Cambodia : The new all-time record high for Cambodia was set on April 15 , 2016 in Preah Vihea when the mercury soared to 42.6 °C ( 108.7 °F ) .
The Philippines : Mindanao Island observed its highest temperature on record at General Santos with a 39.4 °C ( 102.9 °F ) reading on April 16 , 2016 . This was a long way from the national record of 42.2 °C ( 108 °F ) held by Tuguegarao in April 1912 and May 1969 .
Laos : The hottest day at Thakhek sent the mercury soaring to a record 42 °C ( 107.6 °F ) on April 20 , 2015 . That tied the previous record of 42 °C held by Savannakhet since March 1933 .
Malaysia : The all-time record in Malaysia was 40.1 °C ( 104.2 °F ) at Chuping on April 9 , 1998 .
Indonesia : There are two candidates . The all-time record high of 38.8 °C ( 101.8 °F ) was measured at Makassar City in Sulawesi in 2012 . However , the hottest temperature recorded by reliable sources in the country was 39.5 °C ( 103.1 °F ) at Jatiwangi , on Java on November 19 , 2006 .
Singapore : A record 37 °C ( 98.6 °F ) reading was measured on April 17 , 1983 by the Meteorological Service Singapore ( MSS ) , which confirmed the hottest day on record in the island country .
Brunei : The hottest day came on July 6 , 2015 at Bandar Seri Begawan , the capital of the Sultanate of Brunei , with the mercury rising to a record 35 °C ( 95 °F ) . For reference , on that day the average high was 32°C ( 89.6 °F ) .
Victim of deadly construction accident near New Haven-West Haven line ID 'd as Bethany man
The scene of a fatal construction accident at the West Haven-New Haven border . New Haven Assistant Police Chief Achilles Generoso is at center left , and New Haven Chief Dean Esserman is at far right . The scene of a fatal construction accident at the West Haven-New Haven border . New Haven Assistant Police Chief Achilles Generoso is at center left , and New Haven Chief Dean Esserman is at far right . Photo : Mark Zaretsky — New Haven Register Photo : Mark Zaretsky — New Haven Register Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Victim of deadly construction accident near New Haven-West Haven line ID 'd as Bethany man 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW HAVEN > > The man who died after they were hit by a payloader on the New Haven-West Haven line Tuesday has been identified as Donald “ Cary ” Smith Jr. , 56 , of Bethany , according to the Cody-White Funeral Home .
Smith died from their injuries after they somehow ended up in a truck carrying hot asphalt , city spokesperson Laurence Grotheer confirmed Wednesday afternoon .
Smith , a longtime worker for West Haven-based Pereira & Sons Construction , had been working on a West Haven sewer-repair project on Route 1 near the city line when they were hit . They were in New Haven when the accident happened , officials said .
Smith 's autopsy was performed Wednesday morning . A representative for the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said the cause of their death was blunt trauma of the head , torso and lower left extremity .
The manner of their death was determined to be accidental .
New Haven and West Haven police both responded to the scene Tuesday and New Haven police were investigating . But because it 's a workplace accident , the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration is also investigating .
OSHA spokesperson Ted Fitzgerald said the agency 's investigation could take at least a few weeks .
“ The inspection 's purpose is to determine whether or not there were any violations of workplace safety standards in connection with this incident , ” they said .
Pereira owner John Pereira was at the scene but declined to comment on the accident Tuesday .
Smith leaves their mother , Karen J. Smith of Milford ; and siblings Deborah Smith , Bettina Bodnar , Kristin Wall , Andrew Smith , Christopher Smith and Gretchen Smith . They were predeceased by their father , Donald Cary Smith Sr .
A memorial service for Smith is scheduled for 1 p.m. Saturday at the Orange Congregational United Church of Christ , 205 Meetinghouse Lane , Orange , according to their obituary . Interment will be private .
Editor 's note : Some users have deleted their tweets or have since made their accounts private . Those tweets remain embedded here , but appear gray .
A lot of people were angry that KSDK covered tornado watches Saturday afternoon , instead of airing the Belmont Stakes pre-show . Note that each of these tweets was sent at least 30 minutes before the Belmont Stakes race started — the race aired without interruption . Here 's a sample of what they had to say . Warning : There 's a lot of adult language .
# ksdk st louis gets tornadoes every week . A triple crown race never . Stop the weather madness ! — SaveWhales ( @ SaveWhalesNow ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews no one cares about the tornado . I would rather get hit then listen to this crap # iwanttowatchponiesnotweather — meercat ( @ dred_locks16 ) June 7 , 2014
ARGHHHHHHHHHH ! ! ! ! ! Going to boycott @ ksdknews after the Belmont ! — Just a shutterbug . ( @ LightLovePhoto ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews no one cares about your thirst for airtime . No one watches during your normal hours , hence why you intrude on the Belmont . # Losers — St. Louis Blues 2015 ( @ etarlas22 ) June 7 , 2014
Hey @ ksdknews this is brutal , tell people to go to Fox so we can watch history in the Belmont Stakes # TripleCrown2014 — Kenny Behlmann ( @ KBehlmann ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews Moar ponies , less trying to save trailer parks . — Bingo Boingo ( @ BBoingo ) June 7 , 2014
Hate to break it you @ CindyPreszler , but residents of southwest Illinois have radios . @ ksdknews is n't their sole source of weather info . — patrickmanis ( @ patrick_manis ) June 7 , 2014
there are other stations playing the weather , play the horse race ! ! ! @ ksdknews — Sydney Kalmes ( @ keepingitKALMes ) June 7 , 2014
I SWEAR TO GOD IF KSDK KEEPS TALKING ABOUT THE WEATHER AND THEY INTERRUPT THE BELMONT STAKES I WILL FLIP SHIT — Sam Finnegan ( @ Saman921 ) June 7 , 2014
Stop trying to save the world ! A simple banner on the bottom is sufficient @ ksdknews # ridiculous — schin ( @ trschin ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews Stupid fucking morons ! We know ! ! ! ! ! ! ! We are watching your sorry fucking station because if the race ! Would watch weather channel — Jeffery Shoults ( @ JefferyShoults ) June 7 , 2014
@ chesterlampkin @ ksdknews STOP ! ! ! We do n't need to broadcast interuptions for Tornado Watches ! Is n't that what the ticker is for ! ? — John Halliday ( @ HallidayJohn ) June 7 , 2014
Damn it @ ksdknews gets off the air your ruining the Belmont go to a alternate channel — Chris Culey ( @ Chris_culey ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews no one cares about your tornado , I 'm trying to watch horses # blumpkin — Bryan Bohme ( @ big_bohmer ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews STILL sucks…get back to the racing…you keep saying the SAME thing over and over again ! — tracy foster sinner ( @ tfsinner ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews You suck ! Just put a crawl on the screen telling people effected to watch Ch . 2 or 4 . # KSDKSucks — Phil Adams ( @ philadams77 ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews # ksdk disgraceful you 're filling up Stakes coverage with confusion , malfunction and stories that affect almost no one . Total BS . — SB ( @ Maideneer ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews is ruining the Belmont — Nick LaBeaume ( @ NickLaBeaume ) June 7 , 2014
Not impressed with @ ksdknews – s/b covering Belmont & leaving weather to the bottom line/other stations/other mediums # bitchesonapowertrip — Mike Magnus ( @ mikemagnus ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews YOU WATCH IT , we want to watch the race . # ksdksucks — Dan Jente ( @ JenteDP ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews the ppl you think you are helping are cooking method and illegal dog breaders . they are not watching this horse race . Morons — Ron Thorp ( @ stick8655 ) June 7 , 2014
Trying to watch # BelmontStakes but @ ksdknews keeps interrupting . It 's just rain . — Ryan Downey ( @ RyanPDowney ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews this is just two excited weather people talking to each other ! ! — Jimmy Long ( @ jimmyjack630 ) June 7 , 2014
# ksdk you have warned us… Not get off the air ! ! ! You are required to do this… But to this extent ! — Sarah Romanowski ( @ saszoller ) June 7 , 2014
JUST DO A CRAWL , @ ksdknews ! FOR CRAP 'S SAKE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! — Bethany ( @ 14dabucs ) June 7 , 2014
Someone tell news channel 5 ksdk to get off the air . You 're interrupting the # BelmontStakes — dühz†n ( @ duhztn ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews put the race on and shut up ! ! ! ! ! ! — Mike Heffernan ( @ Heffbelly ) June 7 , 2014
Thanks for screwing those who do n't have cable @ ksdknews # wherebsisontv quit treating us like idiots . — Ann Jacobs ( @ Ironwoman77 ) June 7 , 2014
Hoping that tornado hits KSDK news station . Bunch of scum bags — Chase Berger ( @ chaseberger10 ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews shut the fuck up PLEEEEASE . Go to the race . Fucking brutal . U guys r just brutal . — amos andrew allsup ( @ aallssuupp ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews Stop your BS . No one lives in that area of Illinois . — Aaron Gardner ( @ asgardner11 ) June 7 , 2014
@ KSDK Do n't forget… There are 3 other channels for weather coverage . Get off your high horse and let us watch the Belmont ! — Scott ( @ brillostl ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews act like you 're the only news station . People can watch another channel . We want the race — Nancy Varner ( @ ellen905 ) June 7 , 2014
If i miss the Belmont for this weather alert crap on KSDK im gunna be pissed # TripleCrown2014 — Rob Estes ( @ RCE_1995 ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews GET OFF THE NEWS THE RIDERS ARE MOUNTING . — Mason Lampe ( @ Mason_Lampe ) June 7 , 2014
@ ksdknews your audience can read weather maps , they do not need to hear your voices . Keep the split screen & let us listen to the Belmont ! — Courtney Maltagliati ( @ CMaltagliati92 ) June 7 , 2014
( CNN ) -- Days before a key meeting with Western leaders , Iran test-fired two types of long-range missiles Monday in part of what the Islamic republic called routine military exercises , its state-run media reported .
A short-range missile is test-launched during war games in Qom , Iran , south of Tehran , on Sunday .
The tests drew condemnation from France , which noted through its Foreign Ministry that the action comes only a week after Iran revealed the existence of a covert uranium enrichment site .
`` These tests can only reinforce the worries of countries in the surrounding region and the international community , especially as Iran is , in parallel , developing a nuclear program , with the existence of a clandestine uranium enrichment site having just been revealed , '' the ministry said .
`` We ask Iran to choose cooperation and not confrontation , immediately putting an end to its profoundly destabilizing activities and responding without delay to the demands of the international community in order to find a solution in this affair . ''
Iran 's nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili is scheduled Thursday to meet with representatives of the five permanent United Nations Security Council members , plus Germany . European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana will also attend the talks Thursday in Geneva , Switzerland .
In the United States , White House spokesperson Robert Gibbs called the missile test provocative and said the Western powers taking part in Thursday 's meeting want Iran to provide the International Atomic Energy Agency with `` immediate unfettered access '' to the newly discovered uranium enrichment site and people working there , as well as documents related to its planning .
Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps began a series of missile exercises Saturday to promote the armed forces ' defense capabilities , Fars News Agency reported . Watch the missile tests »
After a series of short-range missile tests , Iran concluded Monday with the testing of the long range Shahab-3 and the two-stage Sajil missiles , according to reports from state-run media .
Both hit their targets , and Iran 's air force commander hailed the exercise as a show that Iran is `` fully prepared and determined to stand against all threats . ''
`` We will give a fully decisive , crushing and destructive response to anyone who poses a threat to the existence , independence and freedom of the ruling system and our values , '' Brig . Gen. Hossein Salami said , according to Fars News Agency . Watch an analyst 's view of missile tests , nuclear tensions »
The Shahab-3 missile can strike targets between 800 and 1,250 miles ( 1,300 and 2,000 kilometers ) , according to the reports .
The Sajil-2 missile is a solid-fuel rocket with a similar range and has been launched twice before , in November 2008 and May 2009 .
If Iran 's claims are true , the missile brings Moscow , Russia ; Athens , Greece ; and southern Italy within striking distance . See where the missiles could strike »
Last Monday , Iran wrote a letter to the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency , the International Atomic Energy Agency , revealing the existence of a second uranium enrichment facility . The IAEA acknowledged the admission Friday , prompting President Obama and the leaders of Britain and France to publicly chide the Islamic republic and threaten further sanctions .
The United States and France had been aware of the unfinished nuclear site for several years , according to senior U.S. officials who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the negotiations . Watch how the tests draw a comparison to a 1960s U.S. crisis »
The facility is on a military base near the city of Qom , about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) southwest of Tehran , and is thought to be capable of housing 3,000 centrifuges , according to the officials and the IAEA . That is not enough to produce nuclear fuel to power a reactor , but sufficient to manufacture bomb-making material , according to a U.S. diplomatic source who read the letter .
Iran told the IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , an agency spokesperson said .
Iran 's revelation of the site could actually `` strengthen their hand '' as Tehran heads into Thursday 's Geneva talks , according to Paul Ingram , an analyst who studies Iran and nuclear nonproliferation .
They said the timing of Iran 's revelation -- in between the U.N. General Assembly sessions and the Thursday meeting -- is deliberate on Iran 's part .
`` This will make it more difficult to persuade them to abandon enrichment , '' said Ingram , the executive director of the British American Security Information Council in London . Watch bloggers debate what should be done about Iran 's nuclear ambitions »
Iran says its nuclear enrichment program is intended for peaceful purposes , but the international community accuses it of continuing to try to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran conducts research for its nuclear program in sites around the country . Until the new letter , it had acknowledged only a uranium enrichment plant in Natanz , which nuclear inspectors visited recently . Iran also has an unfinished nuclear research reactor in Arak , and U.N. nuclear inspectors were allowed access to that facility earlier this month .
Other important nuclear sites in Iran include its Bushehr nuclear power plant and the Isfahan uranium conversion plant .
All About Iran • Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps • International Atomic Energy Agency
The Pacers are the Seattle Seahawks of the NBA . In an offensive era , they are an emerging defensive juggernaut . They have yet to win a title , but this may finally be the year , and if it is , they will have their defense to thank . Like the Seahawks ' , the Pacers ' defense is more than good . Statistically , it 's the best defense in the league by a mile .
Indiana has held opponents to a paltry 93.9 points per 100 possessions . Not only is that the best in the NBA , it 's not close . This season , there have been four kinds of defenses : bad defenses , average defenses , good defenses , and the Pacers . Their defensive efficiency is a ridiculous outlier among the rest of the league .
The Pacers ' front office has patiently built a roster full of large players who seem to enjoy playing defense as much as offense , which remains a fairly rare quality in the NBA . Their starting lineup consists of five guys who each guard their position very well . The coaching staff has designed on-court schemes that take full advantage of the attitudes of the players . The results are frightening .
As of Monday , the Pacers have faced almost 3,600 shots from opponents . Maybe the rims are crooked at the field house , because opponents are shooting terribly whenever the Pacers play defense .
The Hibbert Effect
The Pacers ' freakish defensive success starts with Roy Hibbert and their ability to protect the most important space on the basketball court : that little swath of the floor near the basket . Hibbert 's massive presence does two things : It obviously reduces the opponent 's shooting efficiency near the basket , but it also actively discourages them from even trying , which in turn inspires them to shoot from less effective zones . The Pacers currently rank second in the NBA in shots allowed inside eight feet and rank first in opponent field goal percentage near the basket . In fact , they are the only team in the league holding opponents below 50 percent from inside of eight feet . Also , per SportVU , when the Pacers have a single rim protector present ( often Hibbert ) , they have given up the fewest baskets in the league .
So … that 's pretty good .
When teams attempt to drive to the basket on Indiana , they have little success . In fact , per SportVU data , the Pacers defend drives better than any other team in the league . They are currently ranked first in points per drive , and opposing drivers only shoot 37 percent when they attempt to score . That 's the lowest mark in the league by far . As a result , the Pacers have given up the fewest points on drives in the NBA .
Lots of Midrange Shots
Midrange shots are generally the least efficient scoring option in the NBA , and no team forces opponents into taking those shots more than the Pacers . As a whole , NBA shooters take 33 percent of their shots in the midrange , but Pacers opponents take 40 percent of their shots in the “ dead zone. ” Furthermore , opponents hit only 38 percent of those shots , which is the third-lowest rate in the league .
The 3-Point Arc of Horror
Unsurprisingly , guys like Paul George and Lance Stephenson also make life miserable for 3-point shooters . No team gives up fewer 3s per game than Indiana . This is due in part to its league-best 32.9 percent opponent 3-point field goal percentage , but also because it gives up only 18.2 3-point attempts per game , second only to Portland .
The Pacers ' defense seems to turn every shooter they play against into some combination of Josh Smith and Ricky Rubio .
In 2014 the NBA is a drive-and-kick league . In the absence of hand checks , attacking guards and wings run wild , slashing into defenses , wreaking havoc , and either scoring or pitching it out to an open shooter . That formula might work reasonably well against 29 NBA teams , but it does n't fly against Indiana , which , like the Seattle Seahawks , has built a modern-day defense that effectively stops teams from scoring the ways modern-day offenses love to score .
medical-marijuana.JPG
Marijuana plants in the second floor `` grow room '' inside the sprawling Garden State Dispensary , New Jersey 's third medical marijuana dispensary , in Woodbridge .
( Andrew Mills/The Star-Ledger )
SEATTLE — Some Washington lawmakers concerned about a possible pot-business freeze-out want to keep cities and towns from adopting marijuana-business bans , and they 're looking at a couple ways of doing it .
On Tuesday , 10 representatives in the House — nine Democrats and one Republican , Rep. Gary Condotta — introduced a bill in Olympia that seeks to essentially ban pot bans , by requiring cities and counties to cooperate with state regulators in allowing licensed recreational marijuana gardens , processing facilities and stores to open within their jurisdictions .
If they do n't , they could lose their share of disbursements from a state liquor-license account . The account sent $ 49.5 million to cities and counties statewide during the last fiscal year .
Another measure , this one sponsored by Condotta , would be the carrot to the other 's stick . It would entice cities to allow marijuana businesses by giving them a slice of the revenue generated by retail marijuana sales .
`` What some of the cities do n't seem to understand is that this is all being done already : The pot is being sold , it 's unregulated , it 's not being taxed , '' said Condotta , of East Wenatchee . `` We 've got to capture this black market and move it into the light . ''
Washington voters legalized the sale of recreational marijuana to adults over 21 in 2012 . Some jurisdictions , including unincorporated Pierce County , Lakewood and Wenatchee , have effective bans on pot businesses , because their local ordinances require businesses to follow state , federal and local law , and marijuana remains illegal under federal law .
Nearly three dozen of the state 's 75 biggest cities , from Redmond to Pullman , have adopted moratoriums of up to a year on marijuana businesses , according to a recent study by a Seattle-based marijuana think tank called The Center for the Study of Cannabis and Social Policy . Some have been dropping those temporary bans as they adopt zoning regulations for pot-related businesses .
The state Liquor Control Board has worried that bans and moratoriums could create access problems in some communities that will make it difficult to channel marijuana users from the black market and into the regulated , taxed one .
It has asked the state attorney general for a legal opinion on whether cities and counties have the authority to bar the businesses from opening . Janelle Guthrie , a spokesperson for Attorney General Bob Ferguson , said that opinion is expected to be released soon .
Under the measure introduced Tuesday , House Bill 2322 , local governments would have to treat licensed marijuana enterprises the same as any other business that attempts to locate within their boundaries . They 'd be barred from adopting zoning or other regulations that impede the establishment of pot businesses .
The lead sponsor is Rep. David Sawyer , D-Tacoma .
Candice Bock , a lobbyist for the Association of Washington Cities , said they had concerns about the proposal , including that it threatens local governments with the loss of liquor revenue if they do n't play ball on pot .
`` Liquor revenue comes to cities for very good reasons , so we can do a lot of good things , including liquor law enforcement , '' they said . Whether local governments have the authority to adopt pot bans `` is a huge legal question that 's pending . I think it puts us in a difficult position to say we 're going to have to take this when there are all these legal questions out there . ''
Condotta 's measure , HB 2144 , would give cities and counties 30 percent of the state 's excise tax on retail pot sales . It would require a two-thirds majority to pass , because it would amend the legal marijuana law less than two years after voters passed it .
Sales of marijuana to adults over 21 began Jan. 1 in Colorado , the only other state to legalize pot for recreation . Washington 's stores are expected to open in late spring .
___
Follow Johnson at https : //twitter.com/GeneAPseattle
Mark Farage is no novice shooter . Mark checked the screws of their RMR to ensure they were properly torqued before they took a course with Ronin Combat Strategies . But during a 6 shot string drill , the screws flew off and so did their RMR . Without missing a beat , Mark managed to continue the drill with their BUIS and fired 6 shots in 1.78 secs .
Mark is shooting their Zev Technologies Glock 19 . You can see the RMR mounted at the rear and a backup sight mounted in front of the RMR . It looks kinda like the picture below .
Here they begin the drill .
You can see the screws flying in the air .
The motion of the slide sends the RMR rearward .
Right into Mark 's cheek .
Mark told me they could not find the screws to see if they had stripped or if they had any blue loctite on them . The slide still has threads . It 's a new gun so when they checked the screws before the class they did n't back them out to check for blue loctite . So now they plan to order replacement screws and keep some spares in their range bag . They will also add a little JB Weld or blue loctite to the screws .
Even though you plan for everything with the best intentions , the unexpected can happen . As Mark told me ; “ This was a So stay in the fight and do n't let things disturb you from the task at hand as long as you can continue doing so safely .
Now we arrive at the new hotness of the action shooting sports : 3-Gun . We 've covered USPSA , IDPA , and general trends , so now it 's time to turn our attention to the sport that seems to be grabbing the lion 's share of media attention and sponsor dollars . These days , when people think “ 3Gun ” they 're probably thinking about 3 Gun Nation , which has risen from nothing to become the absolute top dog of the 3 Gun community . For clarity 's sake , we 'll use the abbreviation 3GN when referring to 3 Gun Nation specifically , and use 3Gun as a general term for other 3Gun stuff .
To look at the world of 3Gun , one does need to break it into two categories : 3 Gun Nation and , well to be honest , everything else . That 's not to take away from the non-3GN events , because there are quite a few of them , ranging in quality from “ just okay ” to “ pretty awesome. ” Some of the ones that will likely be recognizable to most shooters are the Ironman , Crimson Trace Midnight 3 Gun , Superstition Mountain , and the Brownells/Rockcastle ProAm . Regardless of whether you 're discussing 3GN or the outlaw events , there 's no denying that 3Gun is the hotness right now – the coolest of the shooting sports .
Now , when you 're talking about the current success of 3Gun , what you 're really talking about is the success of 3 Gun Nation and how 3GN has driven participation across the board in the multigun sports . It is a tale of both convenient timing and clever marketing . 3GN hit the scene around the same time that everyone and their sister were buying AR15 pattern rifles . They started off using the existing outlaw matches as sanctioned events , working towards the unified championship , so existing 3Gun shooters were obviously enticed to attend and shoot . On top of all of that , their TV show was actually entertaining to watch . So out of the gate they were already hitting on all cylinders . They even managed to survive getting yanked from NBC Sports in the wake of the Sandy Hook shootings .
Now , 3GN is its own sanctioning body , and has grown into the premiere 3Gun event/series in the nation . In 2014 , they decided to eschew the use of the classic outlaw matches , instead hosting their own 3GN Regionals are various ranges . But what 's interesting is that this has n't hurt the popularity of the outlaw matches at all , which are still filling up and still seeing great prize tables and shooter attendance . This is actually one of the biggest general successes of 3Gun at large : great prize tables and sponsor involvement . Because the matches consist of shooting three different guns ( duh ) , the potential for sponsor involvement increases significantly outside of what you 'd see at a pistol match . Companies that are traditionally oriented towards the LE/military community suddenly have an interest in the competition shooting world specifically because of what 's being done in 3Gun with rifles , and to a certain extent , shotguns .
On the marketing front , 3Gun has been well marketing , again primarily by 3GN , whose man-on-man shootoff is the most exciting televised a bit of shooting all year . Because the targets are reactive and it 's two shooters going head to head , there is a sense of drama , and at the same time the casual viewer can easily understand who 's winning and why . Also part of the image of 3Gun is the carefully cultivated sense of it being the extreme sport of the shooting sports . Climbing barricades , running with rifles , and in some cases shooting actual machine guns or suppressed firearms makes the game itself edgier than its competitors .
So , if 3 Gun is well marketed , and the main 3GN series is well managed , what challenges do the sport face ? The first is obvious , and it 's the relatively high cost of entry . Unlike USPSA , which is where 3Gun seems to be poaching the most shooters from , you need more than a pistol and 5 mags to compete . You need a rifle , you need a shotgun . Manufacturers are catching on that 3Gun competitors want “ ready ” shotguns out of the box , which is why you 've seen Mossberg , Remington , Benelli , Beretta , and now even CZ offering guns out of the box that are ready to go for 3Gun competition . But you 're still looking at $ 600 ( on the low end ) up to north of a grand for your 3Gun shotgun , plus shell caddies . Then there 's the rifle , and yes while you can go shoot 3Gun with a vanilla 16 inch Colt 6920 , it 's not an ideal set-up . Again , manufacturers get this , and there are plenty of options for 3Gun ready rifles .. but you 're looking again at a grand or so out the door . Plus magazines and pouches for those . So even if you just shoot a Glock 34 , your initial start up cost in guns alone is going to be $ 2500-3000 .
The biggest problem facing 3Gun as a sport is sustainability . We 're not talking about hippie environmental sustainability , but rather the incredible growth its seen in the past couple of years . The thing is that time , specifically the time of the shooters and volunteers is a zero-sum game . The more time a shooter spends on 3Gun , that 's time being taken away from somewhere else . It stands to reason that 3Gun will eventually reach a tipping point where growth slows to a more reasonable pace , and you see some sponsors go find other things to do with their money , and volunteers drift away . A likely scenario we discussed is that you 'll see a contraction first in the outlaw matches , as dollars and media attention get pushed to 3GN , then a drawback in prize tables or cash payouts from the Pro Series itself .
At least for now , 3 Gun as a sport is showing no signs of slowing down . The 3 Gun Nation series of matches is an excellent example of a well run , well thought out organization that absolutely has a plan and a vision for where it wants to go . 3 Gun as a community is going strong , with tons of great matches outside the 3GN banner ; while there are obvious challenges on the horizon , barring a major political event that affects the availability of AR15s and ammo , I do n't see 3 Gun pumping the brakes for at least another 2 years .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
More
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Tumblr
Pinterest
Reddit
February 25 , 2014 at 11:56 AM
In case you missed it , Monday 's editorial in The Seattle Times opinion section argues that a cap on ride-sharing services in Seattle does not improve consumer safety and kills an emerging business model . The board also supports lifting arbitrary caps on taxi , for-hire and ride-sharing vehicles .
Let the market determine how many vehicles should be on the road . Do n't limit growth . Focus on consumer safety . Discussions on insurance gaps must continue in light of accidents involving ride-share drivers in other markets . Lyft has started a committee to find some clarity . Seattle leaders should join that effort . Ride-sharing quickly gained a following because it keeps more cars off the road and gives drivers a chance to make a living with an asset they already own . Like the taxi industry , many drivers for these new services are immigrants . The council should beware of picking winners and losers .
Agree with this view or not , the editorial board would like to hear from you .
Vote in the poll below .
Last month , readers sounded off on the ridesharing controversy . Take a look at what people said in this Dec. 19 Opinion Northwest blog post .
Then take a step back and realize a national debate is under way — from San Francisco to Chicago and Washington D.C. — over how to treat “ sharing economy ” phenomenons such as Lyft , uberX , Sidecar . Do these disruptive models deserve to be subject to regulations like any other business— or given a little flexibility because consumers really like them ? I 'm in favor of the latter , mostly because I enjoy the ease of using Lyft , uberX and Airbnb services . But it 's no surprise to see agents of the status quo come swooping in to force fresh , uncertain concepts into a box .
The Seattle City Council 's Committee on Taxi , For-Hire and Limousine Regulations meets again on Thursday , Feb. 27 at 4 p.m . Unless they have a change of heart , it appears the three members of the panel — council members Sally Clark , Bruce Harrell and Mike O'Brien – will vote to increase taxi licenses by a modest amount and cap ridesharing vehicles at anywhere from 300 to 600 licenses . Do n't like that ? Let them know .
Council members Sally Bagshaw and Tom Rasmussen oppose caps . Mayor Ed Murray says they “ generally ” opposes a limit but would support a “ temporary cap. ” He 's trying too hard to be balanced , but at least he 's willing to consider shaking up the current taxi and transportation system . Here 's a section of their state of the city address last week that seems prescient :

3te #
Event E ) ' i '' ment $

FGGG TA= $ E+ F GGGG Tents FGG11G an '' py FGGGG= '' '' ts 3te # :
P'bli * tilities % Eletriity & $

+p '' ns '' # s `` ' events tat ta * e pa ! e at te D '' @ nt '' @ n Ampiteate # a # e pe # mitte ( t '' use pubi ! utiities < Ee ! t # i ! ity ? i ' # eueste ( . A 'ee is ! a # ge ( ' '' # utiity se # vi ! es p # '' vi ( e ( at te Ampiteate # venue . +pe ! ia Events n '' t e  ( at te D '' @ nt '' @ n Ampiteate # a # e n '' t pe # mitte ( use `` ' pubi ! utiities .
Time o # ! ay Restritions $

HN '' ( em '' nst # ati '' n `` # spe ! ia event sa be pe # mitte ( in any pa # * ( u # ing  '' u # s tat pa # * is `` te # @ ise !  '' se ( t '' te pubi ! , e > ! ept tat a ! tivities may be pe # mitte ( in % ! nti # e Pa # * t # '' ug 12:00 mi ( nigt < .Re ' . 1541 ity  '' ( e :  '' u # s ' '' # Remaining in ity Pa # * s `` a # # e ! # eati '' n ' a ! iities.I

=et @ een % a # !  1 an ( N '' vembe # 80 ea !  yea # , n '' spe ! ia event sa be s ! e ( ue ( t '' ta * e pa ! e in ent # a Pa ! e , `` n te D '' @ nt '' @ n Pe ( est # ian % a , ( u # ing te  '' u # s `` ' 11:80 a.m. t '' 2:00 p.m. an ( 6:00 p.m. t 5:00 p.m. , i ' su !  event @ i inv '' ve n '' ise `` # ampi'ie ( s '' un ( .

HJn ( e # n '' ! i # ! umstan ! es @ i any spe ! ia event inv '' ving n '' ise `` # ampi'ie ( s '' un ( be pe # mitte ( t '' ta * e pa ! e in ent # a Pa ! e , `` n te D '' @ nt '' @ n Pe ( est # ian % a bet @ een 12:01 a.m. t # '' ug 9:00 a.m. `` n any ( ay `` ' te yea # , e > ! ept `` n ) anua # y 1.I

H N '' ! `` mmunity event `` # spe ! ia event sa be s ! e ( ue ( t '' ta * e pa ! e in Eman ! ipati '' n Pa # * bet @ een 11:00 a.m. an ( 1:00 p.m. `` n any +un ( ay.I
Event R'les $

Partii '' ants m'st adhere to all +oning la , s `` rohibiting blo-ing o # # ire lanes . vehi'lar or `` edestrian tra # # i # lo , /

All s '' eial events shall be ond'ted in om '' liane , ith all a '' '' liable City . State and Federal la , s/

0o ' r organi1ation shall hold harmless and indemni # y the City . its o # # iers . em '' loyees and agents against in2'ry . loss or damage o'rring as a res'lt o # t they demonstration or s '' eial event/

0o ' r organi1ation , ill be re ) 'ired to reimb'rse the City # or any other neessary City `` ersonnel labor or servies in `` re '' aration # or . d'ring and immediately # ollo , ing the event/
S '' eial Cir'mstanes $

+etup as been app # '' ve ( t '' begin at 5am an ( b # ea * ( `` @ n must be ! `` mpete ( by 5pm .

Dem '' nst # ati '' n @ i begin in % ! & u '' ey an ( ) usti ! e Pa # * at 9 a.m. an ( en ( at 7 p.m. `` n +atu # ( ay , August 12 , 2017 .

N '' vei ! es a # e pe # mitte ( in te pa # * un ( e # any ! i # ! umstan ! es . A Euipment must be @ a  * e ( t '' an ( ' # '' m Eman ! ipati '' n Pa # * .

Any ( amage t '' pa # * s # ubbe # y , ' '' @ e # be ( s an ( `` # t # ees # esuting ' # '' m y '' u # `` # ganiKati '' nBs spe ! ia event @ i # eui # e # eimbu # sement ' '' # any # epai # s an ( `` # # epa ! ement .

84L 10 > 10 p '' p up ! an '' py as been app # '' ve ( ' '' # tis event at ea !   '' ! ati '' n. A tents @ i née ( t '' be p # '' pe # y se ! u # e ( . Remin ( e # n '' sta * es a # e a '' @ e ( t '' be use ( at % ! & u '' ey Pa # * ( ue t '' i # # igati '' n system .

N '' # ain ( ate as been # eueste ( `` # app # '' ve ( ' '' # tis event .

N '' ! ity se # vi ! es `` # euipment as been app # '' ve ( ' '' # tis event .

Jse `` ' ee ! t # i ! ity an ( @ ate # as been app # '' ve ( ' '' # tis event . Meys t '' a ! ! ess tese utiities must be # etu # ne ( `` n % '' n ( ay , August 1L t '' R '' n N '' an .
Calling all college history professors and instructors . It is time to use our clout as history professors to make a statement . According to theNew York Times article the Texas Board of Education is making significant changes to the history curriculum for high schools students . We need to come to the aid of Mary Helen Berlanga and use our clout as academics to boycott the rewriting of history for political purposes . If it were just Texas , I may not suggest such a boycott . However , because publishers have become so economical in the past years , the book published according to the Texas guidelines will be used by other states for their classes . It is time to say ENOUGH to this blatant attempt at censorship and academic political correctness . Censorship on the part of the publisher and censorship on the part of the Texas Board of Education who did not even have , according to the CBC new broadcast on March , 23 , 2009 , an academic historian suggesting changes . We need to show our support for Mary Helen Berlanga by emailing them our support at this email address here.I am proposing to spread the word to all historians who teach at the college and public school level . If they have the power to choose our textbooks , we need to boycott the publisher , and their subsidiaries , of the textbook for Texas public schools . Show them that we will not accept the rewriting of history . These are not just changes to a curriculum these are calculated extractions of American history . The claim by many is that history is some leftist tool to twist facts . I am sorry but both VanRanke and Droysen would argue with that . What qualification does a dentist and a preacher have to determine historical standards ? I will need your help here academics and graduate students . Boycott the publisher of this book and their subsidiaries . Let 's illustrate that historians can use their clout to stop the abuse of history by agenda seeking loons who think that history is merely interpretation . It is not just interpretation . It is an informed analysis determined by factual evidence . I shutter to think what they will want to exclude next , the holocaust ? That will be the next step if we do not take a stand now . All those who support this issue can make a comment below and I will respond . Let me know what more we as historians can do to prevent this gross malfeasance of history on the part of the Texas Board of Education .
It must be stated that censorship is NOT academic freedom . Academic freedom means that one should be able to choose resources for inclusion within an academic setting . What the Texas School Board is doing is excluding , that is censorship .
Ireland will be the first country in the eurozone to give a democratic verdict on the German-backed rules for the single currency after Dublin announced it would hold a referendum on the treaty .
The euro declined on foreign exchanges after the Irish prime minister Enda Kenny told the Dáil that the Republic 's chief law officer had advised the cabinet that `` on balance '' a referendum should be held under the terms of the Irish constitution .
Kenny is now expected to fight for concessions from Brussels on the terms of Ireland 's swingeing euro bailout as the price for heading off a potentially embarrassing electoral rejection of the `` fiscal compact '' tightening rules for the 17 eurozone members .
Ireland , which has twice rejected EU treaties , must hold a referendum on any international treaty that has an impact on the country 's sovereignty . The plebiscite on the EU fiscal compact would have to be held by Easter and by June at the latest .
The taoiseach said : `` It gives the Irish people the opportunity to reaffirm Ireland 's commitment to membership of the euro , which remains a fundamental pillar of our economic and jobs strategy . More binding and enforceable fiscal rules as a result of ratification will be good for both Ireland and the wider eurozone , and will cement growing international confidence in Ireland 's recovery . ''
Neil Mellor , of the bank BNY Mellon , said Dublin 's announcement raised fresh doubts about the future of the single currency , even before the latest bailout for Greece has been released . `` It 's death by a thousand cuts , '' they said .
Kenny was elected with a promise of extracting a better deal from Brussels and the ECB over the terms of the Irish rescue package , first agreed in November 2010 . Sony Kapoor , of Brussels-based thinktank Re-Define , said the Irish government should win the referendum , which will be held in the summer – but only if Dublin can show that it is getting a good deal .
`` If you look at Ireland and where it is now , the government is probably going to package it in a way that makes it more saleable , and link it to continued support – but they will press for concessions from Brussels , and they should get them . ''
The taoiseach said they and deputy prime minister Eamon Gilmore were confident the Irish people would endorse the treaty , which will entrench tougher tax and spending rules , overseen from Brussels .
An Irish no vote would be unlikely to derail the fiscal compact because only 12 euro countries have to ratify it before it can be enacted . But as well as ruling out any future bailout for Ireland , a rejection would be politically explosive , raising fresh doubts about public support for the single currency .. News came as financial markets were braced for the scale of the European Central Bank 's latest bailout for the cash-strapped eurozone banking sector .
The Frankfurt-based lender will today announce the take-up of its second so-called `` Long-Term Repo Operation '' , which lends money to banks over three years at an interest rate of 1 % .
The first round saw €500bn ( £423bn ) flow into the financial sector , some of which was recycled into buying up the bonds of Spain and Italy , helping to bring bond yields down to more manageable levels .
Tobias Blattner , euro economist at Daiwa Capital Markets , said lower than expected take-up this time around would cause the markets to question how effective the measure would be in delivering a fresh decline in yields ; while a higher than expected number would suggest deep distress in the European banking sector .
`` Anything that is in the corridor between €400bn and €600bn will send the best signal , '' they said .
News of the Irish referendum raised the spectre of the first Lisbon Treaty , which Irish voters rejected in 2008 , throwing the entire EU reform programme into chaos , although after a series of amendments the Republic 's electorate later endorsed a second treaty .
With the economy still deep in recession , unemployment running at 14 % of the workforce and house prices down by half since their peak before the crisis , there are fears within the Fine Gael/Labour coalition that voters might use this latest referendum to punish the government .
A small but increasingly vocal public campaign has begun to call for debt relief for Ireland , including forcing losses on the holders of Irish banks ' bonds .
The two governing parties and the main opposition party in the Dáil , Fianna Fáil will all urge a Yes vote . However , Sinn Fein , the United Left Alliance and a range of Independents will call for the treaty to be rejected .
Sinn Féin president and Louth TD Gerry Adams said they welcomed the announcement of the referendum but said it marked a failure for the government because they said the Fine Gael/Labour Coalition wanted to avoid such a vote . Adams said the EU treaty will not help recovery and will condemn people to austerity .
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin said the Irish government should never have questioned the importance of holding a referendum . `` How can you honestly expect the people to be happy with a situation where a treaty is important enough to save the euro , but not important enough for them to have a say ? '' they asked .
Another of the eurozone 's bailed-out member , Portugal , received a thumbs up from the `` troika '' of the IMF , ECB and Brussels in their latest quarterly review of its austerity programme , which found that the crisis-hit economy is making `` good progress '' .
But with GDP expected to contract by another 3.25 % in 2012 , the troika warned that `` significant challenges remain '' .
With Greek bondholders agreeing to take heavy losses as part of its latest bailout , speculation has been mounting over whether Portugal or Ireland could also restructure their debts .
With a large charitable donation in hand , Indonesian business person Mochtar Riady flew to Little Rock to dine with first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton at a 1993 gala honoring them as an “ Arkansan of the Year ” at a time their company , a multibillion dollar banking conglomerate , was seeking an end to a 30-year trade embargo with Vietnam .
Five days after the March 4 , 1993 , dinner at the Excelsior Hotel , Mr. Riady took the embargo question directly to President Clinton , saying in a four-page letter that its demise would bring political reforms in that communist country .
By that time , Mr. Riady 's banking conglomerate , the $ 12 billion Indonesia-based Lippo Group , its subsidiaries and its employees , including their son James and executive John Huang had funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars to Mr. Clinton 's 1992 presidential race and had guaranteed a $ 3 million last-minute loan to a cash-short Clinton campaign just before the crucial New York primary in 1992 .
Within six months of the dinner , the Lippo firm opened its first offices in Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi , and a further five months later Mr. Clinton signed an executive order lifting the embargo , which had been in effect since 1964 .
The close proximity of Mrs. Clinton 's contact and Mr. Riady 's Little Rock donation to their efforts to lobby for an end to the embargo were never disclosed at the time and only became public with the release last week of 11,046 pages of Mrs. Clinton 's White House activity calendars .
The calendars , released in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit by Judicial Watch , a Washington-based watchdog group , show that Mr. Riady and their wife were among nine people who sat with Mrs. Clinton at the head table . Their name is listed next to the notation , “ * * giving large donation * * . ”
Mrs. Clinton 's presidential campaign , in response to questions by The Washington Times , said only that Mr. Riady had flown to Little Rock to see Mrs. Clinton receive the award , presented by the March of Dimes , and donated $ 50,000 to the charity “ on the spot . ”
The campaign declined to answer questions on whether Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Riady discussed lifting the embargo during the dinner or at any other time .
LippoBank California , a state-chartered bank affiliated with the Lippo Group , pleaded guilty in 2001 to 86 misdemeanor counts charging that its agents made illegal foreign campaign contributions to Democrats from 1988 through 1994 .
James Riady paid a record $ 8.6 million in criminal fines in 2001 and also pleaded guilty to a felony charge of conspiring to defraud the U.S. by unlawfully reimbursing campaign donors with foreign corporate funds in violation of federal election law .
Mr. Huang pleaded guilty in 1999 to a felony charge of conspiring with other Lippo employees to make campaign contributions and reimburse employees with corporate funds or money from Indonesia . They were sentenced to one year probation and fined $ 10,000 .
Federal prosecutors said that during the 1992 presidential campaign , political donations by U.S.-based Lippo companies and employees were reimbursed by wire transfers and cash from foreign sources through a fictitious $ 780,000 “ bonus ” paid by the firm to Mr. Huang .
They said Lippo officials sought access , meetings and time with elected leaders and other high-level government officers ; contacts and status with business and government leaders in the United States and abroad ; and “ government policies ” that would benefit the firm . One of those policies , prosecutors said , was a normalization of trade relations with Vietnam .
Justice Department and House committee records also show that Mr. Huang played a critical role in seeking an end to the Vietnam trade embargo . They quit their $ 120,000-a-year job at Lippo in December 1993 to accept a job offered by Mr. Clinton as deputy assistant secretary for international economic affairs at the Commerce Department , at $ 60,000 annually , where they aggressively argued for a new U.S. trade policy toward Vietnam .
Mr. Huang resigned from Commerce in December 1995 to join the Democratic National Committee as a fundraiser , after Mr. Clinton had made inquiries on their behalf . The DNC returned $ 1.6 million of the more than $ 3 million they raised because the contributions were either illegal or suspicious .
• Christina Bellantoni contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
7 grammar myths you learned in school
Grammar can be tough . There are a lot of rules to follow , and a lot to wrap your head around . Some of the rules we learn in school , though , are n't exactly accurate . While some function as helpful guidelines for style and form , other so-called ‘ rules ' are inventions , or ‘ superstitions , ' as the lexicographer Henry W. Fowler called them .
Here are some common grammar myths :
1 . You ca n't end a sentence with a preposition
Most of us learned in school that ending a sentence with a preposition was a mistake . This ‘ rule , ' however , is misguided , dating from the 17th century , when several notable writers tried to codify English to fit more neatly with Latin grammar .
Clearly , there are instances where attempting to avoid ending a sentence in a preposition results in a statement that is either over-formal or simply poor English . An over-formal example might be : ‘ He told them that there was nothing of which to be frightened . ' An example of poor English ( or Yoda English ) might be : ‘ Paid for the house had not been . '
In their myth-busting post on the issue , Catherine Soanes identifies four typical situations in which it is more natural to end a sentence with a preposition .
passive structures ( she enjoys being fussed over )
) relative clauses ( they must be convinced of the commitment that they are taking on )
) infinitive structures ( Tom had no-one to play with )
) questions beginning with whom , where , what , etc . ( what music are you interested in ? )
Read the entire post .
2 . You ca n't start a sentence with a conjunction
Another common grammar myth is the rule about starting sentences with conjunctions . Conjunctions are words such as and , but , so , and if , which are used to connect clauses , sentences , or words . This grammatical superstition arises from the thought that because these words are used to connect separate clauses , they suggest the presence of a fragment when used at the beginning of a sentence . The argument against using and or but to introduce a sentence is that such a sentence expresses an incomplete thought ( or ‘ fragment ' ) and is therefore incorrect . However , this is a stylistic preference rather than a grammatical rule .
Learn more about the finer points of conjunction use in Catherine Soanes 's post .
3 . Double negatives are always ungrammatical
When two negatives are used to communicate a negative , then the usage is ungrammatical . The reason for this is that two negatives actually cancel each other out and create an affirmative statement . For example , the sentence ‘ I do n't have anything for you ' is ungrammatical because the presence of two negatives technically switches the meaning to an affirmative one , so that it means ‘ I have something for you . '
Even though the use of double negatives in formal speech and writing is nonstandard , the use of double negatives is common in areas such as informal speech and popular music ( “ Ai n't No Sunshine ” ) .
However , there is one use of double negatives that is entirely grammatical . In this use , the double negative is used to express and reinforce an affirmative , by way of denial or understatement . For example , take the sentence
I could n't help him . [ meaning : I strongly felt I should help him ]
The straight affirmative version of that sentence – ‘ I could help him ' – lacks the reinforced nature of the double negative version .
Read more about double negatives .
4 . Splitting infinitives is a mistake
For the uninitiated , splitting infinitives is the practice of placing an adverb between ‘ to ' and the corresponding verb , as in ‘ to lightly tap . ' Splitting infinitives is a common peeve of grammar enthusiasts , but like many such peeves it has been employed by well-regarded English prose stylists for centuries . However , take care before splitting those infinitives ; many style guides and professors would still consider this a stylistic error .
These two sentences display split infinitives :
They used to secretly admire him .
You have to really watch him .
Those who believe that split infinitives are grammatically incorrect would rewrite these sentences as :
They used secretly to admire him .
You really have to watch him .
Avoiding splitting infinitives can change the emphasis of what 's being said . These sentences do n't have quite the same meaning :
You really have to watch him . [ i.e . ‘ It 's important that you watch him ' ] You have to really watch him . [ i.e . ‘ You have to watch them very closely ' ]
Read more about splitting those infinitives .
5 . You ca n't start a sentence with hopefully
You absolutely can . This use of hopefully to mean ‘ it is hoped ' rather than the adverbial ‘ in a hopeful manner ' has been disputed in the past several years , though it has found its way into general acceptance . So despite the fact that all sentence adverbs were once frowned on , nowadays you should be able to use happily , along with most other sentence adverbs ( such as sadly , strangely , or obviously ) .
So why are thankfully and hopefully singled out for particular opprobrium ? The answer lies in the fact that hopefully and thankfully ca n't be reworded along the lines of other sentence adverbs , using the constructions ‘ it is hopeful that ' or ‘ it is thankful that ' :
Hopefully , planning delays will be minimal .
X It is hopeful that planning delays will be minimal .
Instead , you have to reword such sentences along the lines of :
It is to be hoped that planning delays will be minimal .
Learn more about placing hopefully and other adverbs at the start of a sentence .
6 . The passive voice should not be used
Even though your teacher possibly warned you against it , the passive voice is perfectly acceptable . The passive tends to be used in formal documents such as official reports or scientific papers , often where an action or situation is regarded as more significant than who or what did or caused it :
active : Spain beat Brazil in the final match .
passive : Brazil was beaten in the final .
For example , in the above active example , the victor and loser of the match are made perfectly clear by the active structure : ‘ Spain , ' the subject of the sentence , beat ‘ Brazil , ' the object of the sentence , in a match . In the passive example , the information about Spain is missing , thus the agent of Brazil 's loss remains unclear – what is most important is the outcome of the game , not the winner .
However , even though the use of the passive voice is perfectly permissible , most people favour the active voice because of how it provides a fuller account .
Learn more about the passive vs. the active voice .
7 . You can not use whose to refer to things
Yes , you can use whose to refer to things , not only people or groups of people . Sometimes , sticklers will insist upon rearranging the sentence using of which . The below is an example sentence on OxfordDictionaries.com using whose :
Gasping for breath , they reached the row of houses whose gardens led onto the park .
This is the same sentence rewritten to accommodate of which :
Gasping for breath , they reached the row of houses , the gardens of which led onto the park .
The rewritten version using of which is clearly awkward and unwieldy . The better option here is to simply use whose instead .
Tell us about the grammar myths that annoy you in the comments below !
Hillary Clinton still ca n't reconcile they lost the election a year ago and is continuing on with their smear campaigns against Trump :
Hillary Clinton is in secret negotiations with Christopher Steele , the author of the infamous Russian dossier , to purchase a second report that allegedly contains salacious new charges against President Trump , according to several sources with personal knowledge of the transaction .
The talks with Steele , a former British spy , are being carried out by Hillary 's former campaign aides , who do not hide their bitterness over the shocking loss of the White House to Donald Trump , these sources say .
‘ Hillary 's people have been secretly in touch with Steele and are close to making a deal with them on opposition research that they claim has newly surfaced from their Russian sources , ' says a longtime Clinton adviser .
‘ Steele did n't release this information before now because it was n't available to them when they put together their first dossier , ' the adviser continued .
As I reported in my new book , All Out War : The Plot to Destroy Trump , the first 35-page Steele dossier ‘ contained sensational charges that the Russian Federal Security Service had ‘ kompromat , ' or compromising information , on Trump that could be used to blackmail him .
According to that now discredited dossier , Trump had sex with Russian prostitutes when they visited Moscow . '
I included a long excerpt from the first dossier in All Out War .
All the publicity generated by the release of the first dossier and the dubious claims of a $ 12 million payment have reportedly brought shady characters in Russia out of the woodwork . They are said to be looking for a big pay day .
‘ There are many wealthy people in the anti-Trump ‘ resistance ' who are more than willing to put up whatever money is necessary to get this new information , ' said a member of Hillary 's inner circle .
Hillary has informed Bill Clinton that once they acquire the second dossier , they intend to release it to friendly members of the media .
‘ She 's convinced that Trump made business deals with Russians with ties to the Kremlin in return for a promise to offer the Russians favorable trade conditions , ' according to a source who was privy to their conversation with their husband .
‘ There are also claims in this second dossier that Trump had romantic involvements with Russian women over the years who are connected to the Kremlin 's spy apparatus , ' this source went on .
‘ Hillary has said that she 'll do whatever it takes to make sure Trump 's ‘ illegitimate presidency ' , as they constantly refer to it among friends and campaign associates , ends in ashes .
‘ She says that there are many additional pages of intelligence on Trump and their ties with the Russians . As soon as the negotiations with Steele are complete and they get the [ second ] dossier , she 's going to double down and release all the new material . '
Hillary personally authorized their campaign chairperson , John Podesta , to launch the first controversial Russian dossier , according to a senior Clinton campaign strategist who worked for Hillary in both their 2008 and 2016 presidential bids .
Carnivorous Sheep Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Baa ? 13985 Posts # 1
334 wrote a post about their experience playing with Savior , and I 've translated it below . I believe the majority of their communication was done in English , and all the quoted portions were them communicating in English ( or at least , that 's the sense I got out of it from the post ) . The post is written from 334 's first-person perspective .
-- -
I officially confirmed that I would be playing with Savior on the night of the 21st , and we began practicing together on Fish the day after . Savior liked to use the full names of buildings , like “ Getway ” [ sic ] [ T/N : in China , most buildings are referred to by their hotkeys . Gateway would be “ bg , ” Citadel and Archive would be “ vc ” and “ vt , ” etc . ] I told them they could just use hotkeys , and it 'd be simpler to type , and I would understand it more easily . There 's not much to be said in 2v2 anyways , “ g ” and “ b ” mostly , so there were n't any communication issues .
Savior found a lot of Korean teams for us to practice against . We played against pretty much every team ranked 2 to 6 on Fish , and we won more than we lost , so Savior and I were very confident in our trip to Shanghai . Savior is an outgoing/talkative guy . We would discuss strategies over QQ , and they would be very focused in helping me prepare , and when I would make a mistake they would n't blame me or anything . In game four of the finals on Python , Savior knew it was GG for us when we could n't take out jatgirl 's ( beast 's ) Hatchery , so they typed to me “ hard to win , just enjoy the game ” .
After the groups were set , Savior and I kept talking about the likely matchups . In the other bracket , Scan and Fengzi are basically guaranteed first place , so getting first place in our bracket would make it more likely for us to advance . We 're in the same group as jatgirl and pic , so neither of us wanted to be second in the group and end up facing Scan and Fengzi , so we played our hearts out in the group stages . When the score was 2-2 , we took a break , and I asked Savior “ go smoke ? ” They smile and shook their head and said “ no , go on ” . It really is the kind of calm and poise that comes with being a bonjwa… We won a close 3-2 , and Savior was very happy when we won and said to me “ oh , so we go final ” .
Before the tournament ended , we did n't drink at any of the meals . Once , over a meal , I told Savior “ if you drink , I will kill you ” . Savior said “ no no , I am not ” . I asked them how to say “ 334 ” in Korean , they said “ Sam Sam Sah . ”
Savior is very quiet , and is very calm and steady when they walk . I 've never seen them run , he 's basically always in the same position . They also wear cologne -_- ,
Once , when watching the games live , Savior and I were smoking in the bathroom . One of the show girls [ star girls ] was adjusting their hair in the woman 's bathroom across the hall , the one who was wearing glasses . Savior tapped me and said “ that girl looks pretty , ” I asked them “ do you like ? ” They smiled and shook their head , said “ no no no , i think you like. ” Then I told them if they like , I will go ask them for their QQ , and Savior said “ really ? ” I said yes , they said “ ok , ” and then I got their QQ and they actually asked me “ how did you do it ? ” I told them I 'm not telling . Then , in the elevator , there was a girl in front of us , and I said to Savior “ if you say this girl is pretty… ” and they said “ nonono , ” and worryingly asked me if I was going to ask for their QQ too .
Savior would always go back to the hotel very early , except for the night before the finals . They said Chinese television is good to watch . During practice , I would often say “ wo cao ” [ T/N : `` Wo cao '' is similar to randomly saying “ oh fuck ” or “ shit . '' ] Savior asked me what “ wo cao ” means , and I said “ when you surprise , you can say wo cao ” . Then Savior picked it up and kept saying it…
Before the day of the semifinals against Money and Feng , Savior and I were n't too worried , because ZP combination would be hard for them to play against us . But Feng and Money both played very well . I know Savior was very nervous in the ZT vs. ZT game , because there was twice when their mouse would move violently , whereas during practice , no matter how badly we were losing , they would always be very relaxed in their control . During the last game , Savior and Money played ZvZ . If the opponents used all their units to attack Savior , they would 've died for sure , and they said so themselves after the game as well , so my Zealots had to leave the base to draw fire , and I traded myself for Feng , and Savior won a 1v1 under very difficult conditions . After it ended they told me it was very dangerous , and told me their hands were shaking while they played .
The night before the finals , Savior and I prepared a lot . They asked their Korean 2v2 specialist friend bul if there are any good strategies on Fighting Spirit ( leto is really strong , he 's # 1 on Hunter , but only on Hunters ) , and their friend ( bul ) told them “ Fighting Spirit zp vs zt so easy. ” Except for Hunters , where the spawn position and racial combinations are too complicated , we prepared a strategy for every map , which were the same ones we used in the finals . The night before , we practiced with Scan and Fengzi , and they could never win the first game , and only when they knew our strategy in the second game would they be able to adjust to it . We used the same strategy on Iron Curtain four times and they lost three times , so Savior and I were very confident in winning the finals . But even so , in consideration of the atmosphere and pressure of a live game , we were still a little bit worried . We practiced until 2am that night before we went back to the hotel to sleep . Savior told me to relax , and said we will win , and I replied “ sure '' .
On the day of the finals , Savior used their computer to show me a picture of Iron Curtain and explained to me all the different race and spawn point combination subtleties . Honestly we could 've 3-1'ed , but during the game on Python , Savior forgot to take out jatgirl 's Hatchery . After the game they told me “ my miss , ” and I told them “ is nothing , jia you ” [ T/N : “ Jia you ” is like “ fighting. ” ] On Iron Curtain Savior played really well , and taking out a Vulture with two Zerglings is really world-class game sense and control . To be honest , I was unusually calm during the finals , not nervous at all . I just wanted to help Savior and myself get a championship , to allow such an excellent player get the honor that befits him . In the final game Savior had a mis-micro with their first group of Marines , and after the game , they told me they were too excited .. so happy .
After the games Savior said “ now we can go drink tonight , party . ”
Savior was very happy that night , they drank a lot , and when we kept pouring more for them they kept saying “ wo cao , I will die . ”
No matter what they were doing , Savior was always very deliberate and refined , and he 's very talkative and open ... there are a lot of details that are hard to describe individually and comprehensively , I 'll just leave it at an overview .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
AT A glance , the calf-length cape that a good-looking young model swirled around on stage appeared to be made of shaggy sheepskin , wildly inappropriate for the tropical climate of Pattaya , a seaside resort in Thailand . In fact its composition was more apt , if no less uncomfortable : hundreds of dangling prophylactics . Pattaya has one of Thailand 's highest concentrations of go-go bars , massage parlours and other shop windows for the sex trade . Parts of it call to mind Sodom-on-Sea . But this “ Condom Fashion Show ” was not part of the sleaze . It was staged at a recent United Nations-led “ consultation ” . The theme—sex workers and HIV , the virus that causes AIDS—was deadly serious , and the effort to turn it into burlesque rather heroic .
The consultation differed in more fundamental ways from the usual run of international conferences . Several dozen sex workers from eight countries ( Cambodia , China , Fiji , Indonesia , Myanmar , Pakistan , Papua New Guinea and Thailand ) attended as full-fledged participants , not just models in the fashion show . Sex workers are on the front line in the struggle against an epidemic that in Asia still claims 350,000 new infections each year . A 2008 report prepared for the United Nations by an independent commission confirmed that “ men who buy sex are the single-most powerful driving force in Asia 's HIV epidemics. ” It is thought that about 10m Asian women sell sex to 75m men , who in turn have a further 50m regular partners .
A simple and effective way to cut HIV transmission is to ensure that sex workers have access to condoms , know how to use them and always do so . Yet the UN estimates that only a third of Asia 's sex workers are reached by HIV-prevention programmes . And in some countries possession of condoms is taken as evidence of involvement in prostitution , and hence a cause for harassment , extortion or detention .
Yet sex workers themselves are normally excluded—or exclude themselves—from the air-conditioned conference halls where officials and NGOs discuss their plight . One reason is a poor grasp of English , a language , one male Thai sex worker complained , that “ we learned only from our clients ” . More importantly , sex workers often suffer from official disdain or condescension and are seen as the problem , not the solution .
Of course , the sex industry has not been ignored in the battle against AIDS . Thailand 's early successes are perhaps best-known . It was the first country in Asia to launch a “ 100 % condom-use programme ” in the early 1990s , and it managed to cut HIV prevalence sharply . The danger now is of complacency .
The best prevention schemes involve sex workers themselves . As a Chinese delegate put it , given the chance they do a far better job of educating and helping peers than do the UN or government . Myanmar , not normally cited as an outpost of progressive policy , has an HIV-prevention scheme seen as a model . Population Services International , an international NGO , has set up a “ peer-to-peer ” network with 18 drop-in centres around the country . There , 350 staff , mostly former or present sex workers themselves , dispense advice , discounted condoms and treatment for sexually transmitted infections . HIV prevalence among sex workers dropped from over 30 % in 2000-06 to 18 % in 2008 .
Still , a Burmese sex worker made a passionate intervention at the conference lamenting the stigma their profession carries . In Myanmar as elsewhere , sex workers suffer at the hands of the authorities . And the worst perpetrators are often the police and other official protectors . Take Cambodia , recognised for bringing down HIV prevalence , partly through a condom-use programme . In 2008 a law on “ the Suppression of Human Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation ” led to the closure of brothels and a shift of the sex trade to bars and other places , complicating measures to prevent HIV . Worse , Human Rights Watch says , it has helped the police to beat , rob and rape sex workers “ with impunity ” .
As many sex workers see it , another force bedevils them : the lobby against human trafficking . In September , when The Economist held an online debate on the legalisation of prostitution , a group of Cambodians wrote : “ Our lives and our industry have been ruined by the anti-trafficking industry . We used to work in a brothel where we have safety and solidarity… Now we are scattered on the street where it is more dangerous . ”
This is an extreme example of two problems besetting efforts to help sex workers . One is that , in most places , sex work is illegal , and almost everywhere frowned upon . Indonesian delegates complained that a new “ Puritanism ” accompanying a slow Islamisation of public life is forcing the sex trade underground and so making it more dangerous . As our debate showed , arguments for and against decriminalising prostitution are fierce and complex . But as long as it remains a criminal act , sex workers will be vulnerable to arbitrary abuse .
Second , the debate about sex work has become drowned in a campaign against human trafficking . That campaign , however justified its goals , fosters an assumption that all sex workers ply their trade against their will . Yet most migrant sex workers have left home for good reasons of their own—among them a desire to work away from their families , and to earn more money .
Parts of the debate , such as terminology , are as old as the oldest profession . One side regards “ sex worker ” as a dangerously obfuscatory euphemism . The other sees “ prostitute ” as degrading and derogatory . One sees those who sell sex inevitably as the victims of exploitation . But those seeking to be heard in Pattaya wanted recognition as independent actors who have made their own choices . They demand to be treated with basic human dignity just as they are .
This year 's Team USA roster is stacked from top to bottom . Every player on this team is an all star caliber talent , but which ones are above the others ?
—
5 . PG Kyrie Irving
Kyrie solidified theirs being on this list a little over a month ago with their play in the 2016 NBA Finals . Expect them to play well all summer , as they should be carrying momentum from that . He , like the three Warrior players on the roster , will likely play less minutes since they have been playing non-stop since October .
4 . PF Draymond Green
There were a lot of times this season where the best player on the floor for Golden State was Green . That 's saying a lot considering the unanimous MVP is out there too . Green does everything well , which is rare in today 's game of specialization . They were the only Warrior who played in all 73 games they won .
3 . C DeMarcus Cousins
“ Boogie ” Cousins is the best center in the NBA , assuming you consider Anthony Davis a power forward . They have an excellent arsenal from the post , and effective mid range jumper . They rebound great , plays solid defense , and is far and above the best player the Kings have .
2 . SF Paul George
Paul George was on the fiba USA team in 2014 when they had the horrific leg injury that we all saw in the intrasquad scrimmage . When they had that injury they were probably the with or ninth best player in the NBA . After missing 90 % of last season , they came back this year and resolidified their status as an elite player . They started the all star game ( and almost set the scoring record ) , led Indiana back to the postseason , and claimed their spot as a top six or seven players in the NBA .
1 . SF Kevin Durant
Anybody who says KD is not the best player on this team is probably an Oklahoma City Thunder fan . The newest Warrior is probably the second best player in the NBA , behind LeBron . Watching him , Klay , and Dray play this Summer will be a mini-privies fro what we 'll see this fall in the Bay Area .
—
Advertisements
The first 72 hours of Donald Trump 's presidency have been as exciting as we might have anticipated . They got things rolling on Friday with a dark , dystopian inaugural address like nothing we have ever seen . They spoke of “ inner-city poverty , crime and drugs and gangs ” and “ rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation. ” They placed the blame for all those ills on the presidential predecessors and political colleagues sitting behind them on the dais . They declared , `` This American carnage stops right here and stops right now . ''
That 's actually quite a clever promise . Since the hellscape they described is a figment of Trump 's imagination , it will be easy enough to say `` abracadabra '' and convince their rabid followers that he 's made it all better . The rest of the country and the world , however , will remain chilled to the bone by their distorted vision of reality . The country Trump says he 's leading is a country that does n't exist . And they seem to have no knowledge or interest in the one that does .
Advertisement :
On the night before they were sworn in , Trump lied about the inaugural concert at the Lincoln Memorial — which featured mostly unknown acts — telling the attendees that their team had come up with the idea and that if such a thing had been done before , `` it was very , very seldom . '' Of course that 's not true . Former president Barack Obama had a huge bash there in 2009 featuring Beyoncé , Bruce Springsteen and U2 , among others , and it 's where George W. Bush held their inaugural opening ceremony .
The inauguration parade was so poorly organized that some stands were largely empty , even near the White House where the president and family stood to watch . And the swearing-in ceremony and inaugural address did not receive anywhere close to the huge crowds that came to Obama 's first inauguration . Perhaps Trump 's team could n't have done anything about that . But one might have expected that a man who constantly brags about their talents as much as they do could have pulled off a spectacular event . Like the amateurish Republican convention in where they were nominated , it was a dud .
Instead of acting like a leader and moving on to the important job of being president , Trump obviously spent their time watching TV pundits — as usual . They became angry and upset that news reports indicated their inauguration was sparsely attended , which it was . So on Saturday they went to a scheduled event at the CIA headquarters , where they behaved boorishly in front of the Memorial Wall : They talked incessantly about himself , falsely denied that they had ever criticized the agency , falsely inflated the crowd size at their inauguration , excoriated the media and insisted that agency employees can trust them because he 's `` like , a smart person . ''
Later that day , in one of the weirder moments in presidential history , Trump sent out press secretary Sean Spicer for their first briefing , in which they declared with angry gusto : `` That was the largest audience to witness an inauguration . Period . Both in person and around the globe . '' Spicer cited more lies and misrepresentations as `` proof . '' PolitiFact rated the whole performance `` pants on fire . ''
A presidential press secretary lying outright to the media about easily disprovable facts is odd , to say the least . It is almost as if they were literally saying , `` You can believe me or you can believe your lying eyes . '' At this early stage the Trump White House is banking on the the fact that their followers , the only Americans they seem to believe matter , will always choose to believe their leader and their minions over the `` dishonest '' press .
Presidential counselor Kellyanne Conway appeared on NBC 's `` Meet the Press '' and unleashed a torrent of unresponsive rhetoric when asked about Spicer 's performance by Chuck Todd and angrily complained that if they continued they were `` going to have to rethink our relationship here . '' They finally said that Spicer simply provided `` alternative facts . '' It was an echo of a similar comment made by another Trump mouthpiece CNN commentator Scottie Nell Hughes , who in December said that Trump 's absurd insistence they won in a historic landslide was perfectly legitimate because “ there 's no such thing , unfortunately , anymore as facts . ”
Advertisement :
The Trump people are n't trying to hide behind their patented propaganda that the media is `` liberal '' and therefore politically biased , as Republicans have done for decades . That strategy served the party very well while its minions created an alternative media structure to offer their own ideological and political slant on events . It has been a long time since conservatives trusted anything other than right-wing media to help them understand current events .
This is a different approach , perhaps out of necessity due to Trump 's obvious unfitness for the presidency . In the past , disputes always hinged on the interpretation of facts — not the facts themselves . Trump and their staff are essentially saying anything that reflects negatively on them can be labeled `` fake news '' and replaced with their own `` alternative facts . ''
As Greg Sargent noted in this Washington Post article a couple of weeks ago , this situation could lead us into dangerous new terrain :
Trump 's unprecedented dishonesty and their refusal to revise their claims when they are widely called out as false . . . starts to smack of an effort to stamp out the very possibility of shared agreement on the legitimate institutional role of the news media or even on reality itself . It 's easy to imagine that , if and when a news organization uncovers potential conflicts , Trump will simply deny the reality of what 's been uncovered ( “ fake news ” ) and begin threatening “ consequences ” towards that organization .
On the first day of the Trump presidency , the press secretary went before the cameras and angrily derided members of the press for telling the truth , offering up more lies to `` prove '' their point . The next day the president 's counselor called those lies `` alternative facts '' and claimed that they would have to re-evaluate the White House 's relationship to the journalist who asked them about it . Trump themselves lied about the CIA 's role in leaking to the press .
Advertisement :
It is hard to know whether these people believe their own falsehoods or are cynically trying to manipulate reality to cover up for their ineptitude or worse . As much of a cliché as it might be to say this , this situation is literally Orwellian . A quote from `` 1984 '' was widely shared on social media over the weekend . It comes from a passage when Winston Smith reflects to themselves that `` the obvious , the silly , and the true had got to be defended '' :
It 's the little things in life .
Like , you know , being able to tell if your keyboard is currently set to use capital letters or not .
With iOS 9 , Apple is finally fixing one of the platform 's strangest quirks : the keyboard will no longer appear to be all caps , all the time .
If you 're an Android user , or someone who just does n't think about stuff like this all that much , you might have no idea what I 'm talking about .
You see , in all builds of iOS thus far , the keyboard always uses capital letters to represent each key — whether or not you 've actually hit shift or have caps lock on .
That works well enough on physical keyboards — for the most part , you 're holding the shift key when you want shift turned on .
On a touchscreen keyboard , where you tap shift instead of hold , it 's not so simple . Sometimes you tap shift and forget , or tap it on accident . Sometimes the keyboard rolls into view with shift on by default .
To date , iOS has shown you 're in shift/caps lock by changing the color of the shift key from grey to white . The end result : a whole lot of “ Wait . Crap . Shift is grey 'd out . Does that mean shift is on , or that shift is off ? The letters are big… so… Oh well , better tap a key to test it . ”
No more !
iOS 9 is currently in beta , but it 's the first major iOS beta that is available for public ( read : non-developer ) consumption .
[ hat tip to BI for noticing this… ]
These 1-Star Yelp Reviews of Embassies Make Us Question the Future of Diplomacy
For every time you may have traveled internationally and been irritated by some visa problem you encountered along the way , there are people who had the same experience — but are so much more infuriated by it .
Passport ca n't be picked up on time ? You 're annoyed ; they 're furious . Embassy closes earlier than you can get off work ? You 're inconvenienced ; they 're outraged . Call for an update and the phone has been disconnected ? You 're irked ; they just ca n't believe the incompetency of other people .
And lucky for us , these enraged , resentful , and offended people happen to have Yelp accounts .
So with that , we gladly present to you the following snippets from one-star Yelp reviews of embassies in Washington , where international travelers — or visitors invited to attend special events — found conditions to be so horrific that they took the time to review the diplomatic missions on a website mainly known for restaurant ratings . Our favorite lines have been bolded for maximum entertainment .
Canada
“ The worst embassy ever . I have travelled to many countries but never had a nightmare experience like I had with Canada.… I am appalled by the fact that no information was provided prior to my trip . No other airports require a visa for connecting flight . Once again Canada cost me enormous amount of money . I wish they could be held accountable for wasting people 's time and money . I really really advise you to avoid Canada all together . ”
France
“ We went to the ICDC Oscar event hosted at French Embassy and it was the worst party ever . To start with the venue ; it was like a high school cafeteria decorated for a high school ball . There were like 3 tables and no other place to stand or socialize . Secondly there were no drinks , just wine and champagne for $ 10 a glass but even that was sold out at 8 pm ( keep in mind the party started at 7 pm ) . There was a bar literally as big as the size of a kitchen isle . The desserts they offered were an insult for the French patisserie art . The Oscars were shown in a auditorium and there was nothing French or glamorous about the event . It was just an excuse for the host to make money . ”
Ethiopia
“ If I could give no stars , I would.… I just tried calling for about the tenth time , and got hung up on . When I called back and pretended like we got disconnected and asked for a supervisor , I got send to a full voicemail box ( which was about my third time being sent to a full box ) . ”
China
“ The people who work at the Visa Office are delightful as ever . You would 've thought I was asking them to drive across the country to pick up my five kids and seven dogs in a zombie apocalypse , the way they reacted to my visa application . God , it must be so hard , working a 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. job . The rest of us just have no idea . ”
El Salvador
“ I 've been trying to talk to someone at the embassy for 2 days already the phone rings and rings and nobody picks up . Why they provide a phone number when there is no one to answer calls . ”
India
“ This is the worst place to visit . 100 times worse than the DMV.… Submitted a visa application a month before my I take my trip , they asked me to come in for interview and I did , than , they asked for additional documents and more information a week later after the interview . They will send you home and ask you to come in a week later for something you could have given them when you were actually there for the pointless interview . that , might I add , you had to wait hours to complete . ”
Pakistan
“ Worst place in the world . If you want to experience what hell will be like , come here ! Beats the MVA by a thousand miles . ”
Philippines
“ So I decided to fly all the way to DC from FL just to get here , and what do I see ? A building that looks like a red brick house . It looks nothing like an embassy . If it were n't for a flag outside , you would n't be able to identify what this place is . They did not do much to make this building represent Philippines , including the interior . As for the customer service , turtle slow . They have a number system and around noon , they all go to lunch and not say anything to the people waiting . What happens if you leave & come back not realizing that they 're back from their break and started calling out numbers again ? What if your number got called but you went out to eat lunch ? What then ? ”
Photo credit : Spencer Platt/Getty Images
WHAT SUNDAY MEANS
Why , no golf for President Obama , of course . But maybe pizza , ordered in . Mr. Obama has issued a command appearance for eight lawmakers and five administration heavies at the White House for 1 p.m. on Sunday to confront the prospect of the debt ceiling and its raising , lowering or sidestepping . The deadline on this issue is just over three weeks away . And it 's always prudent to remember the bumper sticker , “ Do n't tell Obama what comes after a trillion . ”
If anyone cares , it 's a quadrillion . Meanwhile , a new Rasmussen Reports survey finds that just 23 percent of Americans are confident “ U.S . policymakers know what they 're doing ” when it comes to addressing the nation 's economic problems . Yeah , well .
“ Negotiators should hopefully work toward an agreement that achieves at least $ 4 trillion in deficit reduction , stabilizes our debt by 2015 and addresses Social Security solvency to ensure that our nation remains financially strong for future generations , ” advise the president 's former Fiscal Commission co-chairs Erskine B. Bowles and Alan Simpson , who now spread their message through the bipartisan Moment of Truth , a nonprofit group .
BUMPER PATROL
“ Give me liberty not debt ” and “ I see debt people . ”
- Bumper stickers spotted on the same vehicle in Fredericksburg , Va .
DEMINT 'S STRAIGHT AIM
Politics has become a flea market full of ideological knickknacks , punctuated by the bark of canny salespersons . But rest assured , there are still some who are n't peddling dazzling knockoffs to an unsuspecting public . Sen. Jim DeMint is one of those ; the South Carolina Republican maintains a high profile but a straightforward mien . The U.S. is in for the “ fight of its life , ” they say , revealed in “ The Great American Awakening : Two Years that Changed America , Washington , & Me , ” their new book published on the Fourth of July , dedicated to “ the tea parties ” and prompted by the 2008 presidential election .
“ Here is what we must do to help save our country , ” Mr. DeMint observes . “ First , we must increase our sense of urgency , motivated by the knowledge that the 2012 elections could be our last chance to rescue America from disaster . This is not hyperbole . Our nation and many of our states are broke . America is dependent on unfriendly foreign countries for the energy and credit we need to run our economy . We are near the tipping point where America and its people could finally become too dependent to live independently and control their own destinies . ”
They continue , “ Not surprisingly , this appears to be the goal of President Obama and most of the Democrat party . Almost every one of their policies and actions have grown the federal government and centralized more power in Washington . Interest groups such as government unions , trial lawyers , Wall Street bankers , international corporations and other such groups that want more money , more benefits and special treatment from the government have been able to get it . ”
THE MORMON MOVIE
Americans are already mulling “ The Undefeated , ” a well-received , feature-length movie chronicling Sarah Palin 's political career , due for nationwide release at AMC theaters later this month . Now comes “ A Mormon President , ” a documentary released as presidential hopefuls Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman Jr. hone their political images and ponder mixed public reactions to their faith as Mormons .
Film director Adam Christing - not a Mormon but a member of the Mormon History Association - says public opposition to the candidacies of Mr. Romney and Mr. Huntsman has historic roots .
“ Most Americans do n't know that the first U.S. presidential candidate to be assassinated was a Mormon . In fact , they were the founder of Mormonism , Joseph Smith . The Mormon prophet was murdered a few months after they announced their candidacy in 1844 , ” Mr. Christing says .
“ You ca n't really understand the gigantic challenge facing Romney and Huntsman , until you understand the secret world of Joseph Smith , polygamy and Smith 's political ambition to build a theocracy in the United States , ” they add .
The film is due out on DVD on Aug. 15 . See the filmmaker 's pitch at https : //amormonpresident.com .
2012 INTENSITY
“ Public interest in the presidential campaign is as about high as it was four years ago , despite the fact that only one party currently has a competitive nomination contest , ” says the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press latest news interest index . “ While the focus this year has been on the GOP 's race , Democrats express about as much interest in 2012 candidates as do Republicans . ”
Interest may be on par with days of yore , but donations are not . The six Republican presidential contenders who have revealed their fundraising hauls so far this year have raised about $ 35.25 million . At the same point four years ago , the 10 active Republican candidates seeking the GOP presidential nomination had raised more than $ 118 million , according to research by the Center for Responsive Politics .
POLL DU JOUR
• 81 percent of Americans are worried that increasing the federal debt will harm the financial future of children and grandchildren .
• 80 percent of Americans describe the nation 's economy as “ poor . ”
• 53 percent say it 's “ extremely/very likely ” the U.S. would face a major economic crisis if the federal debt limit is not raised .
• 29 percent say a crisis is “ somewhat likely , ” 16 percent say it is “ not too/not at all likely . ”
• 43 percent say Congress should only increase the debt ceiling if it makes significant spending cuts at the same time .
• 41 percent “ strongly/somewhat oppose ” raising the federal debt limit .
• 38 percent “ strongly/somewhat support ” raising the limit .
Source : An Associated Press-GFK Poll of 1,001 adults conducted June 16 to 20 .
• Tip line always open at jharper @ washingtontimes.com . Follow the column at twitter.com/harperbulletin .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Forum Forums Share Share
Guests of the Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels , beginning with stays on January 1 2018 , and continuing throughout 2018 , will be able to take part in the Extra Magic Hours benefit at Walt Disney World Theme Parks .
The Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels are : B Resort & Spa ; Best Western Lake Buena Vista ; DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Orlando ; Hilton Orlando Buena Vista Palace ; Hilton Orlando Lake Buena Vista ; Holiday Inn Orlando ; and Wyndham Garden Lake Buena Vista .
Also , scheduled to begin January 10 2018 , guests at the Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels , who have booked a Walt Disney Travel Company package including a stay at one of the hotels , and theme park admission , will be able to link their hotel reservation on MyDisneyExperience.com , and with a linked , valid theme park ticket , these guests can utilize a 60-day booking window for FastPass+ selections .
This hotel benefit is available from January 1 – December 31 2018 , and is subject to change without notice . Guests without the Park Hopper Option or Park Hopper Plus Option must use their ticket for admission to the same theme park where they would like to enjoy the Extra Magic Hours benefit .
Other benefits of staying at one of the Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels include :
Advance tee times and discounts at all Walt Disney World® Resort golf courses
The ability to book advance dining and dinner show reservations for all restaurants across the Walt Disney World® Resort .
Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels include :
B Resort & Spa – the resort opened in June 2014 with 394 newly renovated guest rooms , the full-service B Indulged AVEDA Spa , and features American Kitchen Bar & Grill
– the resort opened in June 2014 with 394 newly renovated guest rooms , the full-service B Indulged AVEDA Spa , and features American Kitchen Bar & Grill Best Western Lake Buena Vista – the 18-story , 325-room resort overlooks scenic Lake Buena Vista and the Walt Disney World Resort , and offers two restaurants , a lounge , and wireless internet
– the 18-story , 325-room resort overlooks scenic Lake Buena Vista and the Walt Disney World Resort , and offers two restaurants , a lounge , and wireless internet DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Orlando – the hotel features 229 suites , and is the only all-suite resort hotel in the Disney Springs Resort Area
– the hotel features 229 suites , and is the only all-suite resort hotel in the Disney Springs Resort Area Hilton Orlando Buena Vista Palace –the 27-acre , newly renovated hotel features a redesigned pool area with four pools , seven restaurants and lounges , spa , and a Character Breakfast every Sunday
–the 27-acre , newly renovated hotel features a redesigned pool area with four pools , seven restaurants and lounges , spa , and a Character Breakfast every Sunday Hilton Orlando Lake Buena Vista – the closest hotel to Disney Springs , the resort offers two pools , a Disney Character Breakfast each Sunday , seven restaurants and lounges ( including Benihana Steakhouse ) , and 24-hour fitness center
– the closest hotel to Disney Springs , the resort offers two pools , a Disney Character Breakfast each Sunday , seven restaurants and lounges ( including Benihana Steakhouse ) , and 24-hour fitness center Holiday Inn Orlando – featuring modern Florida décor , a beach entry swimming pool , and complimentary Wi-Fi in all guest rooms and public areas
– featuring modern Florida décor , a beach entry swimming pool , and complimentary Wi-Fi in all guest rooms and public areas Wyndham Garden Lake Buena Vista – featuring a Disney Character Breakfast 3 days a week , 394 guest rooms , six dining options , and the Oasis Aquatic Pool Playground with interactive water features .
Discuss on the Forums
Article Posted :
A 79-year old feminist , peace activist , film-maker and member of Aosdána has been jailed for three months in Limerick Prison in relation to protests over US military use of Shannon Airport .
Margaretta D'Arcy , who is undergoing cancer treatment , was arrested at their Galway home yesterday morning after they refused to sign a bond to uphold the law and keep away from unauthorised zones at Shannon .
Ms D'Arcy and Niall Farrell ( 60 ) of Oranmore , Co Galway , were given three-month suspended sentences by Judge Patrick Durcan at Ennis District Court last December for illegal incursion of the runway at Shannon Airport on October 7th , 2012 .
The sentence was activated for Ms D'Arcy when they declined to sign the bond . Them son Fin Arden told The Irish Times that they had spoken to their mother by phone after their arrest at 10am yesterday .
‘ Serve the full three months '
“ I spoke to them again by phone from Limerick , and they said they understood they were going to have to serve the full three months , ” they said .
Shannonwatch spokesperson John Lannon said it was a “ travesty of justice when the peace activists end up in prison , while there is no investigation of war criminals using the airport ” .
“ While protesters at Shannon have been arrested before , and have been before the courts , all have been acquitted to date , ” they pointed out .
An activist
Ms D'Arcy , who was married to the late playwright John Arden , has been an activist since joining the anti-nuclear Committee of 100 led by Bertrand Russell in 1961 .
They were a member of the Greenham Common Women 's Peace Camp , and spent time in Northern Ireland 's H-block in the early 1980s .
President Michael D Higgins referred to their close friendship with the couple when they spoke at Arden 's funeral at Mount Jerome crematorium in April , 2012 .
Mr Farrell , spokesperson for the Galway Alliance Against War , said that discontinued use of Shannon by the US military was part of the programme for government , and Ms D'Arcy 's arrest for trying to highlight the issue was an “ absolute scandal ” .
They called on Mr Higgins to visit Ms D'Arcy in prison .
Ms D'Arcy and Mr Farrell are both due at Ennis District Court next Wednesday following a separate arrest at Shannon on September 1st , 2013 .
Video/Thermal Detection of Bicycles .
An Exclusive Bicycle Left-Turn Signal Phase .
An Exclusive Bicycle Signal Head .
Creative , innovative and bicycle-friendly traffic engineering . In Delaware .
Yes , it 's geeky technology ! That makes engineers swoon ! But even non-engineer cyclists can understand this much : DelDOT is pushing the envelope of traffic control devices to make Delaware more bicycle-friendly .
DelDOT recently installed an exclusive bicycle detection and signal west of Fenwick Island . A different type of detection system is being tested at Rt . 141 and Faulkland Rd in New Castle County . A similar detection/signal solution is being considered at Kirkwood Highway and Milltown Rd. , also in New Castle County .
What does all this mean ? It means a Department of Transportation which is thinking , specifically , about how to better serve cyclists .
According to Matt Buckley , a DelDOT Traffic Consultant , the SR 54 ( Lighthouse Rd ) and Cape Windsor ( Lincoln Dr ) project involved several geometric and operational constraints that ultimately led to this rather innovative solution – video + thermal detection , bicycle detection roadway signing and pavement markings , exclusive bicycle signal head , and exclusive bicycle left-turn signal phase .
Matt shared this information :
“ The project 's goal was to address a safety issue where a westbound SR 54 left-turning bicyclist ( into the residential community ) was a “ sitting duck ” when queued in the high-speed through lane – i.e. , there is n't an exclusive westbound left-turn lane , nor could one be provided without widening the bridge . ”
The existing marked westbound bike lane is to the right-hand side of a vehicular bypass lane , which meant that crossing during the westbound vehicular left-turn phase ( green arrow ) could be in conflict with through traffic in the bypass lane .
The guardrail , wetlands , bridge , etc . along the north side of SR 54 prevented DelDOT from installing traditional signalized pedestrian crosswalk/signals that could be utilized by a queued bicyclist .
Traditional pedestrian signals/crosswalk could be perceived as encouraging wrong-way bicycle entries into the neighborhood ( i.e. , SB bicycles would be in conflict with NB vehicles ) .
The implemented operation detects bicyclists in the westbound bike lane using a thermal video card . Once a bicyclist is detected , a “ call ” is placed in the traffic signal controller and , after waiting for its turn in the signal cycle , the exclusive westbound bicycle phase is served while all conflicting vehicular displays are steady red . ”
After being ranked in the 30s just a few years ago , last May Delaware was ranked as the 5th most bicycle-friendly state in America . And the most bicycle-friendly state of all states east of the Mississippi River . Our amazing leap in the ratings reflects remarkable leadership from both Governor Markell and the Delaware General Assembly . But it is also a recognition of a new determination by DelDOT to both better serve current cyclists and to grow cycling as a family-friendly mode of transportation . So Fenwick Island may be just the beginning for detectors and signals specifically for bicycles . Matt indicated that DelDOT Traffic is also testing/utilizing another type of bicycle detection ( microwave ) at the intersection of SR 141 at Faulkland Rd . Amy Wilburn , Delaware Bike Council chair and avid cyclist , confirmed that experimental microwave detectors were installed at this intersection in early November . They still need adjustment , but Amy says “ this is a really exciting development . I ride through this intersection fairly often , as it 's on my standard route to and from Wilmington . The detector ‘ saw ' me when I was westbound but not when I was eastbound . ”
If Bike DE readers have a chance to travel through that intersection , or at the Fenwick Island installation , please let us know in the comments section below how it worked for you . We 'll make sure that DelDOT gets the feedback .
Carol Ireland is a board member and officer of Bike Delaware .
RELATED :
Platini is alleged to have taken a 2m euros payment ( £1.35m ) nine years after they carried out work for Fifa
Uefa chief Michel Platini is appealing after Fifa banned them for 90 days while corruption claims are investigated .
The 60-year-old Frenchman has been suspended along with Fifa president Sepp Blatter and secretary general Jerome Valcke . They deny wrongdoing .
Platini , a Fifa vice-president , is the Football Association 's preference to succeed Blatter at Fifa .
The French FA wants the Court of Arbitration for Sport to intervene to ensure Platini can stand for election .
Fifa 's ethics committee began its investigation after the Swiss attorney general opened criminal proceedings against Blatter in September .
They are accused of signing a contract `` unfavourable '' to Fifa and making a `` disloyal payment '' to Platini .
The ethics committee also opened an inquiry into Platini over the 2m euros ( £1.35m ) payment , which was made nine years after the former France footballer carried out consultation work for Blatter .
Fifa will hold an emergency meeting on 20 October in Zurich to discuss February 's presidential election , at which a successor to Blatter will be chosen .
Platini , Uefa 's president since 2007 , has been backed by South America 's football confederation following their suspension .
Conmebol said they should be regarded as innocent until proven guilty .
The French Football Federation is expecting a decision from Fifa 's appeal committee within eight days .
`` The FFF has adopted the principle of an appeal if the decision of the Fifa appeal committee does not go Michel Platini 's way , '' said a FFF spokesperson .
Blatter , 79 , won a fifth consecutive presidential election in May but announced they would be stepping down just days later following the launch of two investigations into Fifa by the United States and Swiss authorities .
Platini is one of the favourites to replace them and still plans to stand . They have the full backing of Uefa , which is holding an emergency meeting next week .
Bloomberg Says They Wo n't Run For President And 'Risk ' Electing Trump Or Cruz
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alain Jocard/AFP/Getty Images Alain Jocard/AFP/Getty Images
Former three-term mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg said Monday they will not run for president , after months of speculation that they would jump in as in independent during a campaign in which it seems anything could happen .
In a column on their opinion site Bloomberg View , they said looking at the data made it `` clear to me that if I entered the race , I could not win . '' They added that they feared their running could split votes enough to give Donald Trump or Ted Cruz an advantage .
Bloomberg writes that they believe they could have won a number of states but that ultimately the race could come down to three people in the general election , none of whom would get enough electoral votes to win the presidency . That would put the onus on the Republican-controlled Congress and , as Bloomberg writes , `` out of the hands of the American people . ''
`` As the race stands now , with Republicans in charge of both Houses , there is a good chance that my candidacy could lead to the election of Donald Trump or Senator Ted Cruz , '' they said . `` That is not a risk I can take in good conscience . ''
Bloomberg wrote a searing critique of Trump , saying they have `` run the most divisive and demagogic presidential campaign I can remember , preying on people 's prejudices and fears . '' In particular , they hit Trump 's call to ban Muslims from entering the country , and called Sen. Cruz 's `` pandering on immigration ... no less extreme '' than Trump 's .
Bloomberg said they had given `` serious consideration '' to running . The New York Times reported that they had `` quietly laid groundwork '' for a campaign including a network of `` several dozen strategists and staff members , '' and had conducted polling and even produced TV ads and set up campaign offices .
They said the decision not to run comes despite the fact that they have `` always been drawn to impossible challenges . ''
`` All of us have an obligation as voters to stand up on behalf of ideas and principles that , as Lincoln said , represent 'the last best hope of Earth , ' '' they continued . `` I hope and pray I 'm doing that . ''
Iran has been providing Syria 's regime with drones—some of them inspired by American technology—and they 're already playing a significant role in keeping Bashar Assad in power . On Sunday , Tehran announced it had replicated a top-of-the-line U.S. drone it claimed it captured in 2011 , raising the possibility it will send still more sophisticated aerial robots into the skies over Damascus .
In some respects , this should n't come as a surprise . Iran 's robust drone program dates back to the early 1980s , and it first tried to weaponize the birds some 30 years ago , long before American Predators and Reapers first soared aloft .
The Middle East was the first great proving ground for unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs , as they 're called . During the 1980s , Israel flew drones over Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley to spot Syrian artillery and anti-aircraft positions , allowing the Israeli Air Force to knock out the Syrian air defenses with minimal risks to its pilots . At about the same time , Iran began using drones to spy on Iraqi positions in its epic war against Saddam Hussein . It was during that bitter conflict that Iranian engineers crudely mounted Soviet rocket-propelled grenades on their drones and fired them at Iraqi troops .
Over the last decade , even as American drones grew fearsome and infamous , killing alleged terrorists and many civilians in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Yemen , the Iranians began expanding their own program dramatically .
According to Varun Vira , an expert at c4ads , a think tank in Washington , D.C. , that specializes in defense issues , Iran now has a couple of dozen airframes and platforms it can use . “ In recent years , ” says Vira , “ the drone program appears to be maturing , judging from the number of new unveilings in 2012 to 2013 , including variants of the Shahed , Azem , Mohajer , Hamaseh and Sarir drones , to name but a few. ” Given the overwhelming support of Iran for the Damascus regime , it was probably inevitable that Tehran 's drones would go into action there . “ They 've been seen on several airbases in satellite imagery , including Damascus , Hama and Shayrat airbases , ” says Vira .
In addition to the steady influx of Iranian military drones , civilian drones also have appeared on the Syrian battlefield . In November 2013 rebels released images of a DJI Phantom they claim to have brought down in the besieged city of Homs . These tiny quad-copters are available in hobby shops in the United States and are often seen filming sporting events or music videos when mounted with GoPro cameras .
The rebels claim the quad-copter was being used by government forces to spy on their positions . But given the fact that the Phantom was found intact and is far less capable than the military technology in the Syrian arsenal , it is possible that it was a rebel drone all along . Indeed it would make sense for rebels to invest in these miniature UAVs because a Phantom with a GoPro attached costs much less than the street value of an AK-47 assault rifle . According to Vira , the DJIs can provide some basic “ over the hill ” intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance capability for infantry , “ but they 're far from what 's needed for persistent surveillance over combat areas , and they 're low-altitude and fairly easily shot down . ”
The first evidence of Iranian drones in Syria appeared in early 2012 , when opposition activists released video showing a Pahpad AB-3 . The drones became known locally by the Arabic slang term wizwazi , and their presence was usually a good indicator of imminent shelling or airstrikes . There have since been numerous sightings of various models -- in December 2013 , the al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra shot down a small Yasir drone and displayed the wreckage on social media .
The Yasir drones are particularly interesting because Iran claims to have developed them by reverse engineering American technology captured in 2012 . In this case , Iran says they developed their own model based on captured American ScanEagle mini UAVs , a claim Washington will not confirm , but which was widely reported in the media . When Tehran unveiled its own copycat Yasir drone , officials made a point of publicizing it with a press conference attended by a high-ranking military delegation from Russia . According to Vira , “ Gauging Iran 's true UAV capabilities is very difficult , ” but pictures of the crashed Yasir show that it appears to be quite similar in design , “ so it is likely to have been at the very least inspired by the ScanEagle . ”
The Yasir shoot-down provided solid evidence of advanced Iranian weaponry in Syria , as does recent footage of an Iranian Shahed-129 over Damascus . Iran has armed drones in its own arsenal , but so far only unarmed drones have appeared in Syria and their main purpose appears to be reconnaissance .
According to Vira , “ It appears fairly clear that the Syrian Air Force suffered significant attrition , and that Iranian/Russian resupply of spare parts , jet fuel , technicians , etc. , is what has kept them in the fight. ” The Iranian drones “ are important in providing relief to an overstretched [ Syrian Air Force ] , ” says Vira , thus “ freeing up Syrian aircraft for combat roles . ”
But “ Iran likely has its own limits in terms of mission creep in Syria , ” says Vira . In other words , the Islamic Republic does not want to be implicated in direct attacks by providing armed drones , but “ given this backdrop , Iranian ISR help , no doubt , is much appreciated . ”
Despite the expansion , improvement , and proliferation of Iran 's drone program , American technology remains far in advance .
Peter Singer , an expert on drones and author of Wired for War , says Iranian claims of reverse engineering are “ plausible on the hardware side , but dubious on the full software side. ” Singer says that despite being able to fly , Iranian technology can not provide the same level of ISR support as its American counterparts and that reverse engineering is not enough to “ shift the regional balance of power . ”
There is , however , every indication that Iran keeps trying . In 2011 , it captured a highly advanced “ stealthy ” American RQ-170 on its territory . The incident was embarrassing for Washington from the beginning , and has gotten moreso as Iran claims to have deciphered data captured from the UAV .
The jury is still out on whether Iranian engineers can effectively reverse engineer the RQ-170 Sentinel , but in 2011 , Air Force chief General Norton Schwartz said “ There is a potential for reverse engineering clearly. ” In a 2011 article for Wired , David Axe speculated that Iran would seek Chinese help in examining the RQ-170 .
Iran now claims that it studied the American model to help create its first super-drone , the Fotros , and it seems quite eager for people to believe the new model is partially based on technology from the captured RQ-170 . According to the Iranian ministry of defense , the new weapon is capable of delivering a 500-pound payload , can stay aloft for over 24 hours , and has a range of 2,000 miles . Extraordinary claims , to be sure , but Vira warns , “ Iran has a history of hyping , exaggerating or even outright falsifying the capability of new military technology . The Fotros used in the unveiling appeared unfinished . ”
Regardless of its true capacity and origin , the name “ Fotros ” appears to be a metaphor for the process of reverse engineering an American drone . In Shia mythology , Fotros was an angel who disobeyed God and was banished to Earth . After praying for forgiveness , Fotros was redeemed by the Imam Ali who gave them back their wings . On Sunday , Iranian state media reported that the Fotros would be flying soon . If so , it may only be a matter of time before we see those fallen angels in the skies over Syria .
Good news/bad news for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers today : defensive end Robert Ayers returned to practice for the first time since week two , albeit on a limited basis , and defensive tackle Clinton McDonald continued to practice as well , per Greg Auman of the Tampa Bay Times .
Bad news : Doug Martin is still not practicing after suffering a setback to their hamstring injury last week . The back has been out since week two . And while Jacquizz Rodgers has done an admirable job of filling in for Martin , especially last Sunday , he 's not on par with the Dougernaut . San Francisco has one of the worst run defenses in the NFL , after all .
Still , if Ayers can return to play this week ( and that 's far from certain ) , that should mean a big boost to the team 's pass and run defense . The Bucs do n't have any defensive ends who are both effective pass rushers and effective run defenders , so Ayers would provide some much-needed versatility .
Pratt 's is a gentlemen 's club in London . It was established in 1857 , with premises in a house in Park Place , off St James 's Street , and close to the Ritz London .
History [ edit ]
The club takes its name from William Nathaniel Pratt , who lived there from 1841 . Pratt was flight attendant to the Duke of Beaufort , who called at the house with their friends one evening , and enjoyed themselves so much that they returned time and again . After Pratt 's death in 1860 , the club was continued by their widow , Sophia , and son , Edwin .
Pratt 's club
The premises were later acquired by the 11th Duke of Devonshire .
It has around 600 members , but only 14 can dine at one time at the single table in the basement dining room . The club has two rooms—a dining room , and a sitting room/smoking room . Also housed in the premises is a billiard room ( which is primarily used for guests to hang their coats on the chairs ) , a larger dining room used for lunches or private parties , a small suite that members may use if booked well in advance , and the flight attendant 's quarters above .
As the building is heritage-listed ( certain parts of it date back to the 16th century ) there is no air conditioning , nor is there a lift . There are roughly 100 stairs from the basement club to the flight attendant 's quarters .
To avoid confusion , all male staff members are referred to as 'George ' . This caused a dilemma when the first ( and so far , only ) female flight attendant was hired in the 1980s . The problem was solved when it was decided that they would be called 'Georgina ' .
Notable members [ edit ]
Notable members have included Harold Macmillan , Randolph Churchill , Duncan Sandys and the cartoonist Osbert Lancaster , who featured the armchair and stuffed fish in the members lounge in many of their cartoons .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
From : 'Park Place , South Side ' , Survey of London : volumes 29 and 30 : St James Westminster , Part 1 ( 1960 ) , pp . 542–45 . URL : http : //www.british-history.ac.uk/report.asp ? compid=40627 . Date accessed : 26 September 2007 .
The Arts of Cheerfulness . URL : http : //www.johnderbyshire.com/Opinions/Straggler/089.html ( Final paragraph is an anecdote about Michael Heseltine being blackballed by Pratt 's members )
Coordinates :
A hacking group affiliated with Anonymous took credit for cyberattacks against Turkey , Donald Trump , the BBC , the Ku Klux Klan and Black Lives Matter over the weekend . In spite of the haphazard nature of the attacks , the group emphasized targeting the Islamic State .
`` We are based in the U.S. , but we strive to take down ISIS-affiliated websites , also ISIS members , '' a member of New World Hacking said on Twitter . `` We realize sometimes what we do is not always the right choice , but without cyberhackers ... who is there to fight off online terrorists ? The reason we really targeted the BBC is because we wanted to see our actual server power . ''
The group consists of eight men and four women , one of its members told the BBC Saturday . The British news agency 's websites were offline for several hours on New Year 's Eve , the result of a distributed denial of service attack .
Related Story : http : //www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2579018
Yet by Sunday , the group 's ranks may have been reduced as a result of internal disagreements . After one of the group 's members used a distributed denial of service attack against BlackLivesMatter.com and tweeted the phrase `` All Lives Matter '' from the group 's Twitter account , the same account subsequently apologized and said the perpetrator had been kicked out of the group .
Our mistakes by targeting https : //t.co/LfPsdPKkNX
We have told the current member to never target this site again . They have been knocked off . — New World Hackers ( @ NewWorldHacking ) January 3 , 2016
`` Our mistakes , '' the account said . `` We have told the current member to never target this site again . They have been knocked off . ''
The group 's attacks against Turkey , Trump and the KKK are a continuation of Anonymous ' usual activity . Anonymous members generally express political disagreement with Trump , and the group has attacked Turkey over claims the country has not been tough enough against the Islamic State .
Turkey government sites shall be going down soon ! — New World Hackers ( @ NewWorldHacking ) January 4 , 2016
A website for the Turkish prime minister crashed early Monday , shortly after the group said in a new message on Twitter , `` Turkey government sites shall be going down soon ! ''
Ready Player One is the upcoming Steven Spielberg movie based on the fabulous Ernest Cline novel . It 's about Wade Watts , a high school student who is trying to escape their lackluster life and win a fabulous prize—total control of the videogame they adore . It 's akin to winning total control of World of Warcraft , only the lootz would be real gold .
And now we 're finally getting a glimpse of the world Wade , aka Parzival , is trying to avoid .
As we learn in the book , Earth is suffering a global energy crisis , and without enough resources , most people live in poverty . Wade lives with 14 other people in their aunt 's double-wide trailer ; their aunt keeps their food vouchers , so they have to fix computers or go hungry . But they get the laundry room to himself .
In these four photos , we get a glimpse of just how run-down the future is … which makes a look at the ads in the picture all the more enticing . No wonder Wade and their friends spent all of their time in a virtual world . The real one kinda sucks .
If you have n't read Cline 's novel , you should get on that immediately . It was a flashback-inducing delight .
Via AintItCool .
In Gallup poll data out yesterday , 1,535 U.S. adults answered the question , `` Do you think marriages between same-sex couples should or should not be recognized by the law as valid , with the same rights as traditional marriage ? '' 53 percent nodded ; 45 percent scowled .
Here are the responses to that question graphed over the last 18 years :
I do n't think there should be two green lines on one chart . I just , do n't think that 's the way charts are meant to be .
Despite a majority of Americans in favor , gay marriage is still only legal in 12 states , Minnesota having become the twelfth yesterday . The same people surveyed drastically underestimated the national picture , though : they guessed that 30 percent of Americans , not 53 , are in favor .
With the Supreme Court poised to rule on the Defense of Marriage Act , lest they end up on the wrong green line of history , justices might do well to consider that another 18 years at this rate will see approval for same-sex marriage at 104 percent .
Those not bothered by a bit of salmonella or a dash of E. coli on their chicken cutlets wo n't mind the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's proposed new inspection rules .
Chicken tainted with disease , dirty feathers and other impurities could end up on dinner plates and in takeout sacks all over the country .
Poultry inspectors demonstrated outside the U.S. Department of Agriculture earlier this week to protest a proposal that drastically cuts the number of inspectors and allows the slaughterhouse lines to speed up . The job of inspection , under the plan , is turned over to the company that runs the slaughterhouse .
At the protest under Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack 's window the inspectors , all members of the American Federation of Government Employees , held signs reading : “ Chicken Inspection is n't a Speed Sport , ” “ Do n't Play Chicken With Safety , ” and “ Speed Kills . ”
Line speeds would jump , under the proposal , from 140 birds per minute , with three inspectors inspecting 35 birds each per minute , to closer to 200 birds a minute , with only one USDA inspector on the line . “ How much can you see in that period of time ? , ” a Georgia inspector asked a Food Safety News reporter recently .
“ We have only a few seconds to look at the birds , ” said Clarence Douglas , an inspector in Mississippi . “ It 's already tough to inspect as it is . If you speed it up you 'll make it even more difficult . ”
Opponents of the new rules say it significantly benefits the industry while increasing the risk to consumers .
In America 's industrial-scale poultry slaughterhouses , a USDA inspector currently looks at each bird emerging from the kill line for any notable defects .
If a bird looks flawed it gets yanked off the line . According to inspectors , the maximum number of birds that can be inspected this way is 35 birds per minute , about one every 1.7 seconds .
Under the new rules the inspectors on the line and at the kill machine would be eliminated and slaughterhouse employees would take over for them . The USDA says it would sample 20 to 80 birds per slaughter line during an 8-hour shift . The new rules , however , would allow the line to speed up to upwards of 200 birds a minute , meaning the inspectors would now be looking at only the tiniest fraction of the birds that end up on plates and in takeout bags .
The USDA says it has run a pilot program to test the new procedures . Using the Freedom of Information Act , the consumer group Food and Water Watch obtained inspection documents from the pilot program over an eight-month period .
The results , in the group 's summary report : “ Company employees miss many defects in poultry carcasses . The inspection category that had the highest error rate was ‘ Other Consumer Protection 4 , including defects such as feathers , lungs , oil glands , trachea and bile still on the carcass . The average error rate for this category in the chicken slaughter facilities was 64 percent and 87 percent in turkey slaughter facilities . In one turkey slaughter facility , nearly 100 percent of samples found this category of defect .
Inspectors from Food and Water Watch found intestines wrapped around the rotating parts of chiller machines , often containing fecal material . Numerous other pieces of digestive tract materials , including chicken crops and esophogus were found in meat chillers .
According to FWW , the regulatory non-compliance it found would potentially allow for the cross contamination of necks by digestive contents including feces .
“ There 's very little more disgusting though , then a regulating agency more interested in pleasing the meat industry than it is in protecting the public , ” said Manny Hermann , a spokesperson for the AFL-CIO . “ We count on USDA inspectors to keep us and our families healthy but the USDA wants to save money by throwing 1,000 of them out of work . ”
They urged everyone to sign the labor federation 's petition against what they called “ the dirty chicken rule . ”
“ About 3,000 Americans die from food-borne illnesses each year , ” they noted . “ This new inspection system for poultry slaughter plants is another example of attacks on everyday working people . ”
Photo : USDA Chicken Safety rally , April 2 . AFGE
As the clock struck midnight on January 1 , 2000 , crowds around the world went wild . It was not only a new year , worthy of all the celebration that entails , but also a new millennium , one that many believed would start in 'Y2K ' disaster .
But the crisis was averted , the clocks and computers rolled back to zero with nary a hiccup , and the revelry began in full force in towns like Oxford , England .
While many had been preparing for the evening by stocking up on canned goods and bottled water ( just in case ) , one person in the U.K. had a different idea of preparation .
Sometime after 1 a.m. on New Year 's Day , while fireworks were blasting and revelers carousing in the surrounding streets—a thief successfully carried out their plan to steal Paul Cézanne 's 'View of Auvers-sur-Oise ' from the University of Oxford 's Ashmolean Museum .
The history of art theft is littered with amateurs who have royally bungled their ill-considered attempts at a get-rich-quick scheme ( hint : stealing art is complicated and rarely lucrative ) , and heists that are successful are often attributed to woefully inadequate security .
But neither of these plot lines applied to the Cézanne-napping . The thief who broke into the Ashmolean on New Year 's Eve carried out a professional , highly planned heist that many have likened to that of The Thomas Crown Affair .
The plan was meticulously executed . Using the construction scaffolding at nearby Oxford University Library , the thief climbed onto the roof and then hopped across several buildings to get to the museum .
The thief then broke through a skylight , lowered a rope into the gallery below , and shimmied their way down .
The real evil genius of the plan was in their next move . As the thief entered the gallery , they activated a smoke canister and , using a fan , spread a fog that obscured the view of the security cameras—one of the reasons the thief has never been identified—and set off the fire alarm .
While most would consider tripping an alarm in the middle of a crime a deal-breaker , in this case , it bought the thief an extra couple of minutes . While security guards waited for the fire department to arrive , the thief was able to grab the Cézanne from a nearby gallery , shimmy back up the rope , reverse their roof hopping , and disappear into the surrounding crowd .
The whole heist took less than ten minutes and , by the time the authorities had cleared the building and determined that the only emergency was the empty space where the Cézanne had once hung , the thief was gone without a trace .
“ 'It is the only Cézanne we have in the Ashmolean , and it is very important as an example of late 19th-century painting , ” Dr. Christopher Brown , then-director of the Ashmolean , told the Guardian . “ This is not just a criminal act but a very selfish act . ”
'View of Auvers-sur-Oise ' was painted by the artist sometime between 1879 and 1882 , and it represents a key step in Cézanne 's career as they transitioned from their early , darker work to the Post-Impressionist style that they would become known for .
Cézanne may now be considered one of the most important artists of the 19th century , paving the way for Modernism and gaining followers of the likes of Matisse , Picasso , and Kandinsky , but they were ignored and even rejected for most of their career ( his first solo show was n't until the age of 56 ) .
While they were struggling in their early 30 's to gain a toehold in the artistic community , the artist decided to move their family to Auvers-sur-Oise in France at the suggestion of their dear friend and fellow painter Camille Pissarro .
“ Our Cézanne gives us hope , and I 've seen some paintings ; I have at home one of remarkable vigor and power , ” Pissarro wrote in a letter to Antoine Guillemet in early 1872 . “ If , as I hope , they remain for awhile in Auvers , where he 's going to live , he 'll astonish a lot of artists who were too quick to condemn him . ”
They would astonish artists , although their condemnation lasted for several more decades , but the year and a half that Cézanne spent in the small town to the northwest of Paris would continue to influence them for a long time .
“ Cézanne might n't have been Cézanne without [ Pissarro ] , ” Jerry Saltz wrote in a 2005 review of an exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art called “ Cézanne and Pissarro : Pioneering Modern Painting. ” “ It was Pissarro who pulled Cézanne toward nature , away from expressionist painting , the palette knife excesses of Courbet , and what art historian Roger Fry called ‘ artistic madness . ' ”
Well after they left town in early 1874 , Cézanne would continue to paint landscapes inspired by Auvers-sur-Oise . One of these was the painting that ended up in the Ashmolean collection .
As the smoke cleared in the early morning hours of the new Millennium , detectives on the scene started looking at the case as a “ stolen-to-order ” job . The Cézanne was in the very same gallery as a van Gogh , a Picasso , a Manet , and a Monet , but none of the other paintings were touched ; the culprit clearly had a mission when they broke through the skylight .
But in an interview they gave to NPR several days after the theft , Dr. Brown , the museum 's director , said that they are n't sure that was the case . They told NPR 's Liane Hansen that earlier in December , a Cézanne had sold at an auction in London for £18 million . They thought the man responsible had learned about the sale and saw an opportunity to cash in .
Beyond being a devastating loss for the museum , the theft was particularly hurtful to Brown because of the path it took to get to Oxford .
The Cézanne was part of a group of paintings donated to the museum by Richard and Sophie Walzer , who had come to the U.K. as German refugees fleeing Hitler during World War II .
“ In giving this group of pictures to the Ashmolean , they were thanking the British people for taking them in at this terrible time , and particularly the people of Oxford , ” Brown told NPR . “ So there is a real sentimental link between this picture and Oxford . And it is profoundly upsetting to me , as it is to many of us here , that that link has been broken by this criminal act . ”
As the confetti settled from the New Year 's celebrations and the world got back to their lives , word of the theft began to hit papers around the globe . Worth a reported $ 4.8 million , 'View of Auvers-sur-Oise ' was one of the most significant art heists in recent decades , and that distinction earned it a not-so-prized spot on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Art Crimes list , where it remains today .
But despite the publicity , no break has come in the case of the missing Cézanne and the painting 's whereabouts remain just as hidden as the identity of the person who took it in the first place .
But wherever the perpetrator is—whether enjoying the spoils of their made-for-hire job or sneaking glances at the famous painting that is not so easy to sell—the joke may be on them .
In February 2016 , new guidelines were passed in the U.K. that demand a more severe punishment for offenses deemed “ heritage crimes , ” a designation for which the New Year 's Eve theft more than qualifies . Had the thief been discovered before that date , they would have faced a less severe sentence .
If the thief is ever caught they may find themselves wishing that , on that momentous Millennium night , they too had had no greater plans than to enjoy a raucous display of fireworks just like everyone else .
BUSINESS
Among the many questions poker players and industry observers are asking themselves following Monday 's news that Full Tilt Poker CEO Ray Bitar had decided to throw themselves at the mercy of US law enforcement , was… why ? Why had Ray left their relatively secure sanctuary in Ireland and put themselves on a New York-bound plane to face a raft of felony charges stemming from the US Department of Justice 's April 15 , 2011 ‘ Black Friday ' crackdown on online poker companies ?
Ray 's decision to squeeze their ample posterior into an airline seat is even more puzzling given that their attorneys had repeatedly requested some kind of assurance that there were no additional charges waiting to be sprung – requests the DoJ categorically refused to grant , which any rational individual would have taken as a near guarantee that additional charges were forthcoming .
While Ireland does have an extradition treaty with the US , the fact that Ray 's crimes had their roots in online gambling may not have met the dual criminality standard required by Ray 's Irish hosts , a theory bolstered by the apparent lack of extradition proceedings prior to Ray 's transatlantic trip . At Monday 's arraignment , Assistant US Attorney Arlo Devlin-Brown mentioned the possibility that if Ray was granted bail , they might do a runner to a country from which the US could n't extradite him , implying the USAO would have tried to extradite them from Ireland had that option been available .
CalvinAyre.com spoke to a gaming industry attorney who noted that the official policy of the DoJ is that they do n't negotiate with fugitives . As such , the US Attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York may have told Ray that they would n't even consider working out the parameters of a plea agreement until they put something on the table ( like their cuffed hands ) . Earn a little goodwill by waiving your extradition rights and turning yourself in ; then and only then will we talk about a potential deal . That might explain why Ray turned themselves in , yet chose to plead ‘ not guilty ' – a chip they can agree to surrender for some small consideration during subsequent negotiations .
Of course , there 's always the possibility Ray was simply running out of the millions of dollars in salaries and dividends he 'd helped themselves to from FTP player accounts over the years , causing their lawyers to put them on a countdown to Seeya-ville . Take your shot now while you can still afford quality representation , or go into court with a public defender that may or may not have lost money when FTP went offline .
The fact that the DoJ kept the ‘ wire fraud against players ' charges under wraps until Ray 's ass was stinking up US soil strongly suggests that the same scenario awaits at least some of the other Black Friday indictees who remain at large – Absolute Poker co-founder Scott Tom , in particular . Unlike PokerStars , which refunded its US player deposits in full , AP 's post-Black Friday story roughly mirrors that of FTP : player deposits gone with the wind and a communications strategy worthy of Helen Keller . Unlike Ray , Scott Tom has so far chosen to remain beyond the DoJ 's reach on the island of Antigua . Scott 's half-brother and fellow AP indictee Brent Beckley turned themselves in before Christmas with what they believed to be a plea agreement for a 12-18 month sentence , only to have Judge Lewis Kaplan announce they “ intends to consider an upward departure ” from that duration . Beckley 's latest sentencing date is set for July 23 , while Ray 's next docket date remains as unknown as their reasons for getting on that plane .
Comments
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The Southern Ocean is the world 's most important feeding ground for whales
Sea levels are likely to rise by about 1.4m ( 4ft 6in ) globally by 2100 as polar ice melts , according to a major review of climate change in Antarctica . Conducted by the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) , it says that warming seas are accelerating melting in the west of the continent . Ozone loss has cooled the region , it says , shielding it from global warming . Rising temperatures in the Antarctic Peninsula are making life suitable for invasive species on land and sea . The report - Antarctic Climate Change and the Environment - was written using contributions from 100 leading scientists in various disciplines , and reviewed by a further 200 .
Rising seas : A tale of two cities SCAR 's executive director Dr Colin Summerhayes said it painted a picture of `` the creeping global catastrophe that we face '' . `` The temperature of the air is increasing , the temperature of the ocean is increasing , sea levels are rising - and the Sun appears to have very little influence on what we see , '' they said . SCAR 's report comes 50 years to the day after the Antarctic Treaty , the international agreement regulating use of the territory , was opened for signing , and a week before the opening of the potentially seminal UN climate summit in Copenhagen . High rise Two years ago , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) projected that the global average sea level would probably rise by 28-43 cm ( 11-16in ) by the end of the century . But it acknowledged this figure was almost certainly too low , because it was impossible to model `` ice dynamics '' - the acceleration in ice melting projected to occur as air and water temperatures rise . Launching the SCAR report in London , lead editor John Turner from the British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) suggested that observations on the ground had changed that picture , especially in parts of the West Antarctic ice sheet . `` Warmer water is getting under the edges of the West Antarctic ice sheet and accelerating the flow of ice into the ocean , '' they said . Glaciers : If the world 's mountain glaciers and icecaps melt , sea levels will rise by an estimated 0.5m Thermal expansion : The expansion of warming oceans was the main factor contributing to sea level rise , in the 20th Century , and currently accounts for more than half of the observed rise in sea levels Ice sheets : These vast reserves contain billions of tonnes of frozen water - if the largest of them ( the East Antarctic ice sheet ) melts , the global sea level will rise by an estimated 64m
By the end of the century , they said , the sheet will probably have lost enough ice alone to raise sea levels globally by `` tens of centimetres '' . The remainder of the projected rise would come from melting of the Greenland cap , melting of mountain glaciers in the Himalayas and Andes , and the expansion of seawater as it warms . A number of research teams have come up with similar projections . But this is the first time that an international body such as SCAR has endorsed the likelihood that sea levels will rise enough to threaten some of the world 's biggest cities by the end of the century . Cold store The Antarctic Peninsula - the strip of land that points towards the southern tip of South America - has warmed by about 3C over the last 50 years , the fastest rise seen anywhere in the southern hemisphere , according to the report . But the rest of the continent has remained largely immune from the global trend of rising temperatures . ANTARCTIC CLIMATE CHANGE
Full report from the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research [ 20MB ] Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Indeed , the continent 's largest portion , East Antarctica , appears to have cooled , bringing a 10 % increase in the sea ice extent since 1980 . This report backs the theory that it has bucked the global trend largely because of ozone depletion - the chemical havoc wrought over 30 years by chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) and other agents in the stratosphere above the polar region . `` We used to have a big blanket of ozone , and when we took it away we saw a cooling , '' said Professor Turner . `` The Antarctic has been shielded from the impacts of global warming . '' But , the report concludes , that will not last forever . The ozone hole is expected to repair itself in about 50 years , now that the Montreal Protocol has curbed the use of ozone-destroying substances . As it does so , the SCAR team predicts that greenhouse warming will come to dominate the temperature change across Antarctica , as in other parts of the planet . Doubling of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere would warm the continent by 3-4C , it says . The majority of Antarctica is so cold that a rise of this magnitude in air temperature would have little impact . But more warming of the oceans would speed ice loss still further , the report concludes . On the basis of declines seen around the Antarctic Peninsula , it would also be expected to bring significant reductions in the abundance of krill , a key foodstuff for baleen whales and other animals .
Among humankind , the frozen continent was once a preserve of explorers and scientists . But now , about 30,000 tourists a year visit , some setting foot on outlying parts of the peninsula . This increased human traffic , plus the warming on land and sea , are going to change the region 's ecology , according to Julian Gutt , allowing organisms to enter and survive that were previously excluded through climate or simple geography . `` A good candidate is the stone crab ( aka king crab ) such as those found throughout Norwegian waters - they 're more than a metre across from toe to toe . `` There are hints of it hopping across from South America - and that could completely change the ecosystem on the sea floor , '' said the Alfred Wegener Institute researcher . About one third of one percent of Antarctica 's land surface is ice-free ; but already , non-native species are competing with native mosses for this meagre resource , Dr Gutt noted . Richard.Black-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
`` I 've been working on this for years , '' says Whitehead , who met with the Louisville Downtown Development Corporation last Friday to hammer out the specifics . While Whitehead wo n't say just yet exactly where the banner will hang , the date of its unveiling has been set : April 5 , 2014 , at 2 p.m. , followed by a `` kickass through the roof evening concert . ''
Eight years later , Cherokee Park is still Cherokee Park and Louisville is still Louisville . But one of Whitehead 's suggestions— '' place giant Hunter banner ( Ralph Steadman art ) on downtown highrise , visible from Interstate 64 , near new Muhammad Ali museum , same as Muhammad Ali & Pee Wee Reese banners '' —looks like it 's actually going to happen .
The day after Hunter S. Thompson shot himself , Kentucky poet Ron Whitehead released a list of 14 things Louisville could do to honor its gone-too-son native son , including renaming a park , a road , and a library , creating a holiday in their honor , and changing the name of Louisville to `` Gonzoville . ''
Downtown Louisville currently has a few banners as part of its `` Hometown Heroes '' campaign . Muhammad Ali , Colonel Sanders , Louis Brandeis , Diane Sawyer , and more than half a dozen others smile down on Louisville denizens .
But Thompson 's banner will not look like the others . `` The other banners in town are photos , '' Whitehead wrote in an email . `` I wanted this to be different so I asked Ralph Steadman for images . They sent me 20. we selected a Steadman portrait of Hunter that will work for general audience . ''
One of Ralph Steadman 's drawings from Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas .
While that image is currently top secret , it 's sure to be weird . Steadman draws the way Thompson wrote . Their first outing together resulted in the 1970 's `` The Kentucky Derby Is Decadent and Depraved , '' an article so wild it inspired the Boston Globe 's Bill Cardoso to coin the term `` gonzo '' to describe Hunter 's method of reporting and writing . In that essay , Thompson described the horror of being portrayed by Steadman :
Another problem was their habit of sketching people they met in the various social situations I dragged them into -- then giving them the sketches . The results were always unfortunate . I warned them several times about letting the subjects see their foul renderings , but for some perverse reason they kept doing it . Consequently , they were regarded with fear and loathing by nearly everyone who 'd seen or even heard about their work . They could n't understand it . `` It 's sort of a joke , '' they kept saying . `` Why , in England it 's quite normal . People do n't take offense . They understand that I 'm just putting them on a bit . '' `` Fuck England , '' I said . `` This is Middle America . These people regard what you 're doing to them as a brutal , bilious insult .
The derby story closes with Thompson macing Steadman in the face , then kicking them out of their car at the airport . Looks like he 'll get the last laugh by determining how future generations of Louisville residents see Thompson . Whitehead says he 'll continue to post details about the banner project on their Facebook page .
Top image : Hunter Thompson in 1997 . REUTERS/Christian Thompson
Wearing shirts and carrying flags bearing insignia of the JDL , once declared a terrorist organization , the violent men and women also attacked left-wing Jewish activists . At least one was arrested .
Members of the Jewish Defense League severely beat a 55-year old Palestinian American man and assaulted several American Jewish activists with IfNotNow outside the AIPAC Conference in Washington , D.C. Sunday , new video footage provided to +972 Magazine shows .
Kamal Nayfeh , a father of four and an instructor at Central Piedmont Community College in Charlotte , NC , was reportedly visiting their daughter Danya , a student at Georgetown University in Washington at the time .
They were punched and kicked and clobbered with flag poles , leaving them with cuts and bruises all over their face and body . They were taken to George Washington University Hospital and treated for their injuries . They had to have 18 stitches around their eye .
Their daughter Danya , who can be heard screaming in the video “ that 's my dad ! ” , recalled the attack in a statement provided to the Institute for Middle East Understanding ( IMEU ) :
When I heard the screams and found out my father was being beaten nearby , I was horrified . I ran to them as quickly as I could . They appeared stunned and their eye looked awful , all swollen and cut up . They beat them after they heard they were Palestinian . They were not threatening at all , it 's perfectly clear that my father was brutalized simply because of who they are .
Two of the JDL members who attacked Nayfeh were eventually arrested by the police and released , according to the IMUE . One was charged with a misdemeanor and another with felony assault .
Speaking via phone with +972 Magazines , Danya Nayfeh said they had to repeatedly plead with police to arrest their father 's attackers , screaming “ who did this ? ” and that officers threatened to arrest them instead for if they did n't stop demanding they take action against the JDL men . They said the first people to pull JDL guys off their dad were other protesters , they assume from IfNotNow .
The violent confrontations went largely unreported in the coverage and social media buzz surrounding the IfNotNow protests against AIPAC .
A second video shows their eventual detention after appearing to assault IfNotNow activists :
In a Facebook status published Tuesday , IfNotNow member Shana Shawn Salzberg described a very scary confrontation with mostly “ huge muscular white men ” :
One of them took a pole smashed it on a tall person 's forehead , which started bleeding . I was shoved hard with a closed fist and a pole in such a way that my head ended up behind someone 's arm which ended up cutting off my wind pipe for a second… . These were Jews shoving and stabbing other Jews in the name of Jewish protection .
The Washington Jewish Week spoke with Meir Weinstein , who described themselves as the coordinator of the JDL — before most of the violence occurred that day . They said that their organization was “ primarily here to counter the anti-Israel mobs that are going to show up ” and to protect Jews attending the conference , who they said were in danger of being attacked .
The Jewish Defense League , founded by the late Rabbi Meir Kahane , has been described as a terrorist organization by the FBI . The group is believed to be behind several fatal bombings in the United States several decades ago , although it was largely dormant until recently .
The group 's Israeli affiliate , Kach , is outlawed in Israel and is listed as a terrorist organization in Israel , Europe and the United States . Kahane , who advocated the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians from Israel and the West Bank , was later assassinated in New York City .
Kahane 's violent , racist ideology has made a comeback in Israel as well in recent years , advocated by groups like Lehava and political parties like Otzmat Israel . Graffiti reading “ Kahane was right ” is a common sight in Israel today .
`` Do we want to live in a world where the government knows everything about us ? '' they asked . `` Do we want to live in a word where the government has us under constant surveillance ? ''
`` We should be in open rebellion , saying , 'enough is enough , we 're not going to take it anymore . ' ''
The Kentucky Republican also slammed President Obama for not shutting down the NSA 's program in the wake of the court ruling that determined the program is illegal .
`` Where is the executive ? '' Paul asked . `` How come the press gives them a free pass ? ''
The Senate is currently debating fast-track trade legislation , with a procedural vote expected Thursday , so Paul is actually blocking their Senate colleagues from offering , debating and voting on amendments to that bill — something Democrats were quick to highlight .
Still , Paul appears poised to deliver a long speech from the floor that could tie up the Senate for hours .
Paul suggested they were using their hours-long speech to try to get Senate leadership to allow for an open amendment process to the USA Freedom Act .
`` I came out here today to try to draw attention to it , and if I had a request , it would be for both leaderships to let amendments go forward , '' they said . `` We 'd like to find out , will the leadership let us have amendments ? ''
Paul used the NSA debate to further the anti-Washington theme of their presidential campaign , suggesting lawmakers are out of touch with Americans on the issue . `` You have people in Washington who have , I think , viewpoints that are really , really out of step with what the American people want , ” they said . “ Americans really , I think , have decided that the bulk collection of records is wrong . ''
Paul has made their opposition to NSA surveillance one of the cornerstones of their presidential campaign , and has pledged that they would end the `` unconstitutional '' program on their first day as president .
As Paul began Wednesday 's speech , their campaign sent out an email on the NSA speech to supporters , seeking to build momentum .
`` I will not rest . I will not back down . I will not yield one inch in this fight so long as my legs can stand , '' Paul wrote in the email .
The note to supporters included a link to Paul 's campaign website where supporters could `` join the filibuster '' by filling out their name , email and zip code .
Paul has used the Senate floor to their advantage before , famously staging a 13-hour filibuster of John Brennan 's nomination as CIA director in 2013 . On Wednesday , Paul suggested that without their speech , there would n't be a real debate in Congress on the Patriot Act .
`` We are mired in a debate over trade . There 's another debate over the highway bill and the word is , we wo n't actually get any time to debate if we 're going to abridge the Fourth Amendment , '' they said .
Paul appeared to compare the NSA 's “ metadata ” program — which collects records about phone calls but not the content of conversations — to racial segregation in the South .
`` There have been times in our history when we have n't acted in an individualized manner . it happened in the South , the old Jim Crow South , '' they said . `` So when we talk about individuating warrants , we 're talking about trying to prevent bias from occurring . ''
Paul 's hours-long speech also marks a potentially savvy political move , allowing the Kentucky Republican , and their presidential campaign , to dominate the media spotlight for hours Wednesday afternoon . Matt Drudge , who runs the Drudge Report , backed Paul 's efforts on Wednesday evening , using the # StandWithRand hashtag on Twitter .
Sen. Ron Wyden ( D-Ore. ) joined Paul on the floor , saying that no matter how the Kentucky Republican 's speech ends , senators will have a chance to debate the Patriot Act .
`` This will not be the last time we are back on the floor , '' they said . `` My colleague has made a number of very important points already . ''
Wyden is leading an effort to move forward on the trade legislation . They said it is their `` hope '' that once an agreement is found on a path forward on the trade legislation , `` it will be possible to resume our work on that very important bill . ''
Sens . Mike Lee ( R-Utah ) , Steve Daines ( R-Mont . ) , Joe Manchin ( D-W.Va. ) , Sen. Chris Coons ( D-Del . ) Maria Cantwell ( D-Wash. ) and Martin Heinrich ( D-N.M. ) also came to the floor to speak with Paul during their hours-long speech , relieving the Kentucky Republican senator for minutes at a time .
Lee said that while they and Paul disagree on what should be done on NSA reform , they came to the Senate floor because they support an `` open '' debate and amendment process .
`` I absolutely stand with the junior senator from Kentucky and more importantly , I stand with the American people with regard to the need for a transparent , open amendment process and for an open , honest debate , '' Lee said .
More than ten hours into Paul 's effort , Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) , who is also running for president , came to the Senate floor saying that Paul `` is a voice that this body needs to listen to . '' `` I would note that they and I agree on a great may issue , though we do n't agree entirely on this issue , '' the Texas Republican said . Cruz , unlike Paul , supports the USA Freedom Act .
Senators are facing a looming deadline for action on the Patriot Act , with key provisions set to expire June 1 .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) has pledged a vote on the USA Freedom Act , which would end the NSA 's collection of bulk phone records . Under the bill , the agency would have to ask private companies for a narrow set of phone records tied to a particular case . The NSA would also no longer hold the phone records in a government database .
Still , it 's not clear whether the USA Freedom Act can garner the 60 votes needed in the Senate .
McConnell and other top Republicans oppose the USA Freedom Act and are pushing to pass a `` clean '' extension of the Patriot Act , including Section 215 , which the NSA uses to justify its phone records program .
If both bills fail , the Senate could be forced to pass a short-term extension of the spy powers — though it 's unclear whether a stopgap measure could pass muster with the House , which passed the USA Freedom Act last week in a resounding vote .
Cruz predicted that a `` clean '' extension of the Patriot Act would fail , saying `` the votes ai n't there . ''
Paul brushed aside criticisms from their colleagues that letting the Patriot Act expire would threaten national security .
`` Could n't we just for a couple of hours live under the Constitution ? '' they asked .
Paul said that they have reached out to leadership about if they would allow amendments to the reform bill , and is hopeful that they will get an answer on Wednesday .
Manchin and Paul discussed how the USA Freedom Act could potentially be changed to gain the Kentucky Republican 's support .
`` I want to like it because it ends bulk collection , ” Paul said .
Paul 's speech drew an audience from the other side of the Capitol , with Reps. Justin Amash ( R-Mich. ) , Raul Labrador ( R-Idaho ) and Thomas Massie ( R-Ky. ) coming to the Senate floor to watch .
This 1966 Corvair Monza convertible is described as a completely restored example that looks , runs and drives like new . We think it looks great cosmetically and that the redone mechanicals and manual transmission noted by the seller only add to the appeal . Alloy wheels ( they seem to be genuine American Racing Torq-Thrusts ) with modern rubber complete the package . Find it here on Craigslist in the Trabuco Canyon area of Orange County , California for $ 13k .
The seller says the car 's body was stripped to bare metal and that the small amount of rust that existed was repaired with welded-in metal . The car got a new windshield as well . The body certainly looks straight and in our opinion is among the best-styled cars of the period . The seller says that the car needs a new top , but that 's a purchase we 'd probably put off for a while as we 'd want to drive it with the top down more often than not .
The interior is said to be all-new including carpet , door panels and seats . The seller also installed a Corsa dash , which has additional gauges and seems like a worthwhile upgrade over the factory Monza unit . Bucket seats were part of the Monza package . Overall , the interior looks quite clean and we like the black/red color scheme . The transmission is a floor-shifted manual and though it 's not noted if it 's the standard 3-speed or optional 4-speed , we hope it 's the latter .
The engine compartment looks tidy and the engine itself clean and well-detailed . The seller does n't mention engine output , but going by the twin carbs and the emblem on the deck lid this appears to be the 110-horsepower engine ( the standard 95-horsepower engine did n't have the deck emblem and the 140-horse engine had 4 carbs ) . The seller says the engine was rebuilt by a Corvair specialist 5,000 miles ago . The seller also notes that the brake system is new and has a dual master cylinder and that the suspension sports new shocks , ball joints , bushings , tie rods and wheel bearings .
Though not as rare or as powerful as a ‘ 66 Corsa vert , we think this Monza looks great and that it would be a lot of fun to own and drive . The fact that it appears to be ready to use as-is would seem to make it a reasonable buy as well .
Most craft breweries started in the kitchen . Beer lovers , tired of bland macro tastes , decided to try their hand at making their own – and it became popular enough amongst friends that they rolled the dice and opened a brewery of their own .
Quitting your day job and trying to break into a competitive field is a tremendous gamble , though . Your friends are likely going to say good things about your beer regardless of its taste in comparison to others . So how do you know if you 've really got what it takes ?
Claude Burns wants to help you find out . Their startup – Noble Brewer – lets home brewers distribute their product on a national level – and get feedback from people who have no bias . Best of all , home brewers can pocket a little money in the process .
That 's something that could perk up the ears of those who dabble in hops and grains at home , because federal law has been very clear historically : Selling a home brewed beer is illegal .
“ In most states , it 's not even legal to serve home brew to the public , ” says Gary Glass , director of the American Homebrewers Association , adding , “ Although there are a few exceptions that do allow for home brewers to serve at a beer festival . ”
To avoid the legal hurdles , Noble Brewer simply uses a home brewer 's recipe , contracting a professional craft brewer to make the beer in small batches when they have excess capacity . “ We look for award-winning home brews – people who have some objective measure of quality , ” says Burns . “ We also look for people who are analytical in their brewing and have good metrics so we can get it to scale . ”
Home brewers get a “ couple hundred dollars ” for licensing their recipe , but retain all rights to it , adds Burns . To date , the company has sent out two quarterly shipments – each containing four 22-ounce bottles from home brewers . ( Customers pay between $ 54 and $ 60 per shipment . )
Tasting cards are included with each shipment at present ( which are shared with the brewers ) , but long term , the company hopes to create an online community of home brew fans – and ultimately wants to start a Kickstarter-like service , where the community chooses which beers are put into production .
With an estimated 1.2 million home brewers in the U.S. , there 's no scarcity of potential sources for Noble Brewer , so why just a quarterly shipment instead of monthly ? Blame the legal system .
Beyond the time it takes to work out the agreement with the brewer , there 's a four to six week approval process for labels , says Burns . And following the same method as the home brewer sometimes means an longer brew cycle than most craft batches take . “ It 's not going to be exactly the same beer , ” says Burns . “ But we do everything we can to source it and try to capture the essence of what the home brewers are doing . ”
Home brewing , surprisingly , was n't legal nationwide until 2013 . While President Carter lifted any federal restrictions in 1978 , Alabama and Mississippi prohibited it until two years ago . Generally , you 're allowed to make up to 100 gallons of beer per person – with a cap of 200 gallons per household , regardless of the number of adults living there .
It 's something that has been on a dramatic rise for some time , but home brewing 's growth has actually started to slow recently , says Glass . Last year , for the first time since the AHA began tracking the category , home brewing posted growth in the single digits , rather than double . As those who make their own beers get more advanced in their methods , it takes more time to create the product – and that has cut back on the frequency of their trips to supply stores ( which is how the AHA tracks the industry ) .
Interested in trying out a few of Noble Brewer 's offerings , but need something to quench your thirst before the next shipment ( due in September ) ? Try a few of these professional alternatives .
Reformation Brewery 's Atlas – An east-coast IPA that tastes like it came from the west coast . The strong citrus and pine notes from the Cascade and Columbus hops pop as you take a sip , but the bitterness is mid-level , making this a wonderful summer drink . It 's only available at the brewery now , but hopefully will be bottled and available in the Atlanta area by mid-summer . ( ABV : 6.8 % )
The Kimmie , The Yink & The Holy Gose – Anderson Valley knows how to make a good Gose . Its Blood Orange seasonal is one of my favorites and The Kimmie is another can't-miss offering . With hints of peach and lemon complimenting the sour-saltiness of the beer , it 's a wonderful tart treat that 's quite refreshing . ( ABV : 4.2 % )
Sixpoint Brewery Bengali – A nice , thick , hoppy IPA that still manages to be incredibly smooth . It 's not something you 'd necessarily want on a blisteringly hot summer afternoon , but as the evening cools , it 's a wonderful choice . Bengali has a light bitterness that wo n't scare away IPA newcomers and ends with a nice dry finish . ( ABV : 6.5 % )
Sierra Nevada Bigfoot Ale – This barleywine style ale is a bit hoppier than you might expect , but the sweetness is still there . You 'll pick up notes or raisins and plums along with the resin . It 's a fairly heavy beer , but one that goes down smooth , especially given its high alcohol content . And it all wraps up with a peppery , dry finish . ( ABV : 9.6 % )
Dr. Jill Stein . ( Photo : Alex Brandon / AP )
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein is making their first high-profile campaign trip to Michigan , planning Saturday to weigh in on the Flint water crisis , Detroit water shutoffs and pitch their “ Green New Deal ” to fix the economy and environment .
On the same day Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is scheduled to visit a west-side Detroit church , Stein and running mate Amaju Baraka will be at Bert 's Warehouse Theater in Eastern Market to argue they are a superior choice to voting for the “ lesser of two evils ” that they consider in Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton .
The 66-year-old Massachusetts doctor is also vying for attention with another third-party candidate , Libertarian Gary Johnson , who will give a speech later this month at the Detroit Economic Club . In a Detroit News interview , Stein said they think they can win the Nov. 8 general election .
“ If you say to a young person : ‘ You ca n't win ; there is no hope for your future ; we 'll never get out of climate crisis that is about to crash down on our heads ' ... to me that is unacceptable , ” they told The News by phone . “ And that 's not what democracy is about . Yes , I do think we can win . I do think democracy can prevail if we actually allow a real discussion to take place . ”
In recent national polls , Stein received an average support of 3.2 percent , according to Real Clear Politics . They were fourth in a four-candidate Michigan field , according to a July 30-Aug. 1 Detroit News-WDIV poll , getting 3.4 percent among 600 likely Michigan voters behind Johnson 's 7.5 percent .
Part of Stein 's strategy is to attract the disaffected supporters of Vermont U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders , the self-described democratic socialist who finished second to Clinton for the Democratic nomination and then endorsed the former secretary of state .
They even lobbied inside and outside of the Democratic convention in Philadelphia for Sanders ' backers with this plea : “ I have a message for the Bernie movement , which is that it 's a movement , not a man , as Bernie said many times . ”
Stein , who also was the Green Party 's candidate in 2012 , said they can represent those excluded from having real influence in the money-driven political system .
“ I see my role as giving a voice to people who otherwise do n't have a voice in this election , ” they said .
There are differences between Trump and Clinton , Stein said , “ but a lot of what Trump says , Hillary has already done . Like this head-long plunge into disastrous wars . Like a refugee crisis . ”
They continued , saying : “ Donald Trump wants to deport immigrants . But deporting immigrants is not , shall we say , worse than bombing Muslim people overseas , which Hillary Clinton has been very busy doing . ”
Stein 's ‘ New Deal ' pitch
The “ Green New Deal ” — a plan to feed U.S. energy needs all through renewable energy by 2030 — is a cornerstone of their campaign . It would cost about $ 500 billion , they said , stressing it is less than the $ 800 billion stimulus package of 2009 .
The savings in health care costs as people breathe cleaner air coupled with a 50 percent reduction in military spending and closing more than 700 military bases abroad would pay for the massive clean energy plan , they said , comparing it to the World War II mobilization .
The plan would stimulate the economy as more people are put to work to build and install more solar panels , wind turbines and other clean energy sources , said the physician , who has fought to clean up coal plants and put a moratorium on garbage incinerators in Massachusetts .
“ Well , put it this way : It 's not realistic to carry on as we are , ” said Stein when asked about the feasibility of their environmental and economic plan , which includes a $ 15-an-hour or living minimum wage . “ The science tells us we may see as much as nine feet of sea level rise as soon as 2050 . So the science increasingly is telling us we have no choice but to recognize the state of emergency that we are in . ”
During the Detroit event , Michigan Green Party officials also plan to address water shutoffs in Detroit , state-appointed emergency managers in Michigan 's urban communities and the Flint water crisis .
Who 's thrilled with Jill ?
Stein has gained some Sanders converts .
“ She is the only one , ” said Elayne Petrucci , a theater teacher who lives in Trenton and a Democratic Sanders delegate who now volunteers for the Stein campaign . “ Her platform coincides with Bernie 's 98 percent . She 's even more progressive in that they want to do away with student debt . ”
Because of their plans for increased government spending , political experts say Stein fights for votes with Clinton . But Michigan Green Party officials argue votes for Stein are n't votes taken from Clinton because their votes do n't belong to the Democrats . Some may not vote at all if not for Stein , their supporters argue .
Still , Stein 's candidacy raises the specter of Ralph Nader , the Green Party nominee in 2000 whom many Democrats blame for siphoning votes from then-Vice President Al Gore and helping George W. Bush narrowly win Florida and the White House .
Stein 's supporters bristle at what they call “ the myth about Nader . ”
“ Hillary Clinton does n't own those votes , and I think it 's a wrong assumption to make that those voting for Jill would automatically be voting for Hillary instead , ” said LuAnne Kozma , the Green Party 's volunteer coordinator in Michigan .
The state 's Green Party has allied itself with socialists in the past few years amid slim support for third parties , said Michigan Green Party chairperson Fred Vitale .
“ The effects of the two-party system ca n't be blamed on third parties , ” said Michael Anderson , a self-described socialist running for a mid-Michigan state House seat on the Green Party ticket . “ That 's a result of the monopoly of the capitalist parties . In my opinion , you should never feel guilty or ashamed of what you believe in . ”
Michigan 's green infrastructure
Stein 's campaign in Michigan is run mostly by volunteers who are mounting more than 30 Green Party challenges for congressional seats and other offices .
The party has candidates in nine of Michigan 's 14 congressional districts , and candidates are competing in 10 of the state 's 110 House districts . Others are running for State Board of Education , university boards , county clerk or county commissioner .
Newberg Township Clerk Korie Blyveis is a Michigan Green elected official , Vitale said .
Nationwide , at least 137 Greens hold public office in 16 states , according to the Green Party . Most of the officials are in California and include City Council members and a mayor .
The Green Party has no paid staff in the state working on the Stein campaign , Kozma said . About 1,000 people signed up to volunteer , they said .
The party has an uphill fight . Stein received 0.5 percent of the vote in Michigan in 2012 . The party 's 2008 candidate , former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , got 0.2 percent of the state 's vote , while David Cobb received 0.1 percent in 2004 and Nader got 2 percent in 2000 .
Stein does n't have a chance of getting many Clinton votes , much less a shot at winning the general election , said TJ Bucholz , a Clinton supporter and president of Lansing-based Vanguard Public Affairs .
Although the Detroit rally may draw people , Stein does n't have anywhere near enough money to win , and no one has heard of her , they said . By contrast , Nader had “ name ID and had some money , ” Bucholz said .
The Stein campaign , which makes it a point to reject corporate donations , has received $ 1.9 million in contributions from January 2015 to the end of July , Federal Elections Commission filings show . Clinton has raised $ 551 million , while Trump has generated $ 125 million after doing little fund-raising during the primaries .
Bruce Fealk , a 62-year-old retired court reporter who lives in Rochester Hills and a Sanders delegate , said they have n't made up their mind about whether he 's voting for Clinton or Stein .
“ I think Jill lines up really well on issues , ” Fealk said . “ But she 's not in the realm of possibility yet . ”
mgerstein @ detroitnews.com
( 517 ) 371-3660
Twitter : @ MikeGerstein
Jill Stein
Age : 66
Home : Lexington , Massachusetts
Family : Married to Richard Rohrer , two grown sons
Background : Physician specializing in adult medicine and instructor at Harvard Medical School , 1982-2006 . Green Party 's 2012 presidential candidate , winning 0.4 percent of the national popular vote and 0.5 percent of the vote in Michigan . Unsuccessfully ran as the Green- Rainbow Party candidate for governor of Massachusetts in 2002 , state representative in 2004 and secretary of state in 2006 . Became active in environmental health issues starting in the 1990s .
Source : Detroit News research
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2clpF4N
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
On Wednesday , President Obama zipped up to New York City to attend three different fundraising events . Occupy Wall Street protesters greeted the president outside the Sheraton New York , the site of one of Obama 's fundraisers , though New York police officers kept the demonstrators penned in what NYPD called “ frozen zones. ” ( More on that here . )
But perhaps the most interesting item to come out of Obama 's New York swing was this statistic , via CBS News ' Mark Knoller :
Sixty-nine fundraisers this year by December 1 . That 's an average of more than one fundraiser every five days . ( Though , as Obama 's latest Big Apple trip shows , these events are often clustered together on a single day . ) This is a blistering pace of rainmaking for the 44th president in 2011 .
Obama 's fundraising activity surpasses that of predecessors George W. Bush and Bill Clinton . According to Brendan Doherty , a political scientist at the US Naval Academy , Bush attended 41 fundraisers between January 1 , 2003 and November 30 , 2003 . Clinton attended 23 fundraisers from January 1 , 1995 and November 30 , 1995 .
Here 's that comparison in chart form :
Obama is not on the money trail because they enjoy hotel ballrooms and posing for pictures with 1-percenters . The president 's ramped-up fundraising efforts reflect the changing landscape of money in American politics , especially in the wake of the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision . Clinton and Bush II did n't have to worry about candidate-specific super-PACs and Karl Rove 's shadowy Crossroads GPS outfit raising tens of millions of dollars to finance negative ads . And with the collapse of the presidential public financing system , which capped a candidate 's spending , it 's up to the candidates to rustle up as much private money as they can in the campaign arms race . ( Obama opted out of the public financing system during the 2008 election , becoming the first presidential candidate to do so . )
Obama 's fundraising has more than paid off . The president has raised nearly $ 90 million so far—but with a significant 46 percent of it from small donors—for their reelection effort , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The next highest fundraiser in the 2012 presidential field is Republican Mitt Romney , who has raked in $ 32.2 million .
Obama 's pace exceeds their own fundraising in the early stages of their first presidential run , in 2007 . Through September 30 , 2007 , Obama had raised $ 80 million ; this time around , that figure was $ 88 million through September 30 . As the president , they do have the full backing and fundraising muscle of the Democratic National Committee , which is scouring the country for every dollar and every volunteer it can find to power Obama through what 's shaping up to be one of the most bruising , cash-drenched campaigns in history .
Reports are in that the Azure Window , a limestone natural arch near Dwejra Bay in Gozo , has fallen .
The arch , immortalised in several films as well as a Games of Thrones episode , was disintegrating because large pieces of rock had begun to fall from the underside of the arch . Its dangerous condition led to warning notices being placed along the cliffs to stop people walking over the top of the arch . In April 2012 a large piece of rock was dislocated and resulted in the window being made larger and more unstable , as well as a reduction in its nearly perfect oblong shape .
The news was also announced in a tweet by Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat .
I have just been informed that the beautiful Tieqa tad-Dwejra in # Gozo has collapsed . Updates soon . — Joseph Muscat ( @ JosephMuscat_JM ) March 8 , 2017
The photos of the collapsed window show that the pillar had also disintegrated . The Environment and Resources Authority said that the arch 's collapse , was a loss to Malta 's natural heritage but said did not reduce any of the importance of the Natura 2000 site that ran between San Dimitri till Xlendi . `` The several studies carried out by the commissioned experts had all indicated that the collapse of the Azzure Window was an unavoidable natural event . The collapse is most probably the compounded result of the process of natural erosion coupled with the strong winds hitting the islands and the related sea currents . ''
The Azure Window is a popular visitor destination at Dwejra , where the surrounding waters are popular for swimming , scuba diving , and boating . In recent years , the arch has gained notoriety for the illegal cliff-diving . Many videos on YouTube feature people leaping from the middle and side of the arch .
Geologist Peter Gatt had carried out a study at the request of the Environment Ministry in 2013 but said later that its recommendations had been largely ignored . The report had found that much of the horizontal part of the arch , around 90 % in fact , had collapsed during the past 30 years . Parts of the bottom of the arch are prone to failure . Parts of the sides of the arch are also fractured and prone to collapse , even if these do not affect the stability of the Azure Window .
Dr Gatt had warned that large chunks of the pillar were also prone to collapse into the sea and that the presence of fresh cracks on the south side needed to be monitored .
The geologist had recommended monthly readings of several cracks and the possible use of small bolt rocks .
Speaking to MaltaToday , Gozo Tourism Authority CEO Joe Muscat said that they were saddened with today 's events .
“ Today , Gozo has lost one of its iconic beauties . A flagship of Gozitan tourism has sunk . We as Gozitans are very saddened with the collapse of the Azure Window . Only photos remain as testimony of this touristic spot . ”
In spite of losing such a landmark , Muscat said that Dwejra will still remain a touristic hub .
“ The area still boast several other sites , such as the inland sea , as well as the blue hole , which is located opposite to where the Azure Window stood and is still popular among divers , ” they said .
They added once the weather permits , the community will take photos of Window 's remains .
When questioned by MaltaToday on whether they feel anything could have been done to prevent the collapse , Muscat said that it was inevitable due to the natural process of erosion .
“ The Azure Window was created by erosion , and it was taken by erosion . You may be able to prolong it , but you can not prevent it . ”
This was echoed by San Lawrenz mayor Noel Formosa , who called for people to `` look ahead ” now that the Azure Window is gone . “ Like life , the Azure Window has run its course , ” they said . “ Naturally this is a moment of sadness for me , my city , my community and all of Gozo . ”
“ However , this serves as an eye opener for us . We must look to the future and preserve our natural assets , while interfering as little as possible , in order us and for the generations to come to be able to enjoy such sites , ” Formosa said .
They added that all is not lost for Dwejra . “ Dwejra is adorned with several beauties , such as the Fungus Rock and the inland sea , ” they said , reiterating their call for the preservation of natural sites .
A man with a backpack breached the White House grounds and was arrested Friday evening , two Secret Service sources confirmed to the Washington Examiner .
The intruder made their way near the South Portico entrance on the back side of the White House at around 11:38 p.m. , before the suspect was discovered by a Secret Service agent .
President Trump was in the White House residence at the time , and was made aware of the situation .
Speaking to a small pool of reporters during a visit to Trump National Golf Club in Sterling , Va. , where they were having a working lunch with Cabinet and White House officials , Trump commended the Secret Service for how it dealt with the breach .
The `` Secret Service did a fantastic job last night , '' Trump said , according to pool report . They added that the intruder was a `` troubled person . ''
`` Secret service did a phenomenal job they continue to provide phenomenal protection to the president and the first family and the president was very appreciative of their efforts , '' White House press secretary , who was also at the golf course , told reporters .
Two knowledgeable sources in the Secret Service community told the Washington Examiner that the man carrying the backpack jumped the fence on the south grounds . There was no breach to the White House mansion itself .
When Secret Service officers discovered the man , they apprehended them and had a dog from the K-9 unit inspect the backpack for explosives . Secret Service officers involved were alarmed when the dog sat by the backpack — a signal that it had detected explosive materials , one source told the Washington Examiner .
A Secret Service Explosive Ordnance Disposal , or EOD , team , located in an office outside the White House complex , was then brought it to screen and clear the backpack , most likely using a robot to do so . After 3 hours of work , the team determined that it did not contain explosive material , the source said .
A Secret Service Explosive Ordnance Disposal , or EOD , team cleared the backpack within 3 hours . It did not contain explosive material .
`` An individual scaled the outer perimeter fence by the Treasury Building and East Executive Avenue , '' said a statement from the Secret Service . `` Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers arrested the individual on the South Grounds without further incident , '' said a statement from the Secret Service .
They confirmed that the backpack was screened and searched as a `` precautionary measure '' and was found to be `` free of any hazardous materials . '' The officers , following `` established protocols , '' then searched the south and north grounds of the White House complex and found `` nothing of concern to security operations . ''
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly was fully briefed on the incident , the Secret Service added .
CNN reported that the suspect was handed over by the Secret Service to the Metropolitan Police Department to be processed .
According to the arrest report , CNN said the suspect told police : `` I am a friend of the president . I have an appointment and I jumped the fence . '' The suspect also reportedly had a California driver 's licence .
The Metropolitan Police Department has identified the suspect as 26-year-old Jonathan Tran .
According to NBC News , Tran was arraigned in D.C. Superior Court on Saturday where they were charged with entering or remaining in restricted grounds with a weapon . The judge determined Tran to be a flight risk and ordered them held until Monday , when they will see a magistrate in D.C. District Court . They face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison .
The network reported that the security level at the White House was raised to level `` orange , '' but by Saturday morning , everything was back to normal .
The two sources who spoke to the Washington Examiner downplayed the significance of this particular breach compared to others , especially the most serious incident in recent years .
In 2014 a 42-year-old man , Omar Gonzales , jumped the fence and made it all the way into the ceremonial heart of the White House before being apprehended . They were carrying a three-and-a-half inch knife in their pants pocket . The man who was arrested for the Friday night incident had no criminal background and was not on the Secret Service 's radar screen for previous suspicious activity , one source said .
Far more intrusions to the White House complex grounds occur than are reported in the press .
Just a few months after the Gonzales incident in November of 2014 , the Secret Service disclosed that 40 fence- and barrier-jumping incidents had occurred during the previous five years . It was twice as many incidents than the agency had previously disclosed to Congress , although the vast majority of them involved breaches of lower barriers than the main fence . The document chronicling the breaches highlights the difficulty of protecting the sprawling White House compound from mentally ill individuals determined to breach security . Former Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy , who retired last weekend and left the agency responded to the spate of fence-jumping incidents by backing a plan raising the height of the fence surrounding the White House perimeter from six feet to 11 feet .
The National Capital Planning Commission approved a bigger and taller fence last year , and construction is slated to start in 2018 .
Editor 's note : This article has been updated to better explain the role K-9 unit 's inspection of the backpack .
Why would survey boundary pegs be so important ? Because they ( and they alone ) define your land . Not fences , stone walls or trees . Not roads , power poles or buildings . The all-mighty survey boundary pegs are your friend , but you need to know where they all are BEFORE you buy your dream homestead land , and then make sure you can find them afterwards .
Trust me – we learned this through bitter experience ! The cost of not knowing the exact location of the survey boundary pegs cost us thousands of dollars and months of stress .
How to find survey boundary pegs .
The corner points of the boundaries of each and every property should be marked with a survey ‘ monument ' – normally a survey boundary peg driven into the ground . Most survey boundary pegs are iron bars driven into the ground then a cap put onto the top of the bar . These survey boundary pegs can later be marked with some survey tape tied to a nearby tree .
After a few years the tape breaks down and the plastic pin cap can weather away . So finding the boundary pegs and remarking them in a more permanent fashion is good task to undertake .
When we bought our farm here in Maine , the first thing I did was hunt down each and every boundary peg . I found all of them – six in total – so I now know EXACTLY the boundary points of our place .
Ca n't find them easily ?
If you ca n't find the survey boundary pegs easily , then you could try these steps :
1 . Firstly , get a hold of the property survey map from your local authority . This will show when and where the survey ‘ monuments ' were placed – and it may help you to find the pegs which could be now old and hidden in undergrowth or even buried .
2 . If you find one or two , you are may be able to work out the location of others using a tape measure and a compass to locate EXACTLY the other corner points . This is NOT a survey however – just a way to try and locate a lost peg .
3 . If you have no luck finding a peg once you have done these two points , consider getting a friend with a metal detector to move around where you think the pin should be incase it has become buried .
Do n't trust anything BUT the survey boundary pegs !
Fence lines , stone walls , driveways and the such may appear to be along the boundary of your property…but they may NOT be ! Often boundary fences are placed where someone once THOUGHT the boundary to be and not along the true boundary line . At the end of the day ( and if things ever get ‘ nasty ' with your neighbors ) only the boundary survey pegs will count .
Do n't move a boundary survey peg !
In most places it is against the law to remove or move a boundary survey peg – and you should treat them with the greatest respect ! So much can rest on the location of that peg – maybe not for you , but for people well into the future .
If you ca n't find your boundary survey pegs then get a surveyor !
If you ca n't find all the boundary survey pegs then you may need to get a survey done . Depending on what needs to be done this can cost a few hundred dollars to a few thousand dollars – but it could save you a lot in the future .
Make sure that you have a registered surveyor do this work and reestablish the pegs and make sure that the survey is recorded in the town/county or state offices .
What should I do once I find the pegs ?
You want to be able to find the survey boundary pegs again – and easily . You could just use survey marking tape ( you can buy this in any hardware or farm store ) and tie one end to the peg and the other end to a tree or branch so it is visible from a good distance . Another way to mark the peg is to drive a wooden or metal fence post next to the peg , making sure not to disturb the peg in the process , and paint the top of the post white so it stands out . I have even seen pegs marked with a piece of 1 inch pvc drain pipe so that it sticks up a yard and has the end painted red .
If you want to read some stories about disputed property boundaries , read this . If you do n't want this sort of thing to happen to you then….know your farm boundaries !
PWInsider reports that WWE had nothing to do with The Rock calling CM Punk last night after RAW went off the air and were said to be upset that they did it . The Rock decided in the moment to make the call so they could pop the live crowd at the Staples Center . WWE officials were n't happy and reportedly sent someone too ringside to ask The Rock to go in a different direction . AT one point , a fan yelled that they would turn their mic of and The Rock said : “ They better not turn off my mic . ”
Punk and WWE still have issues after they walked out of the company in January 2014 . They later said they were having health issues and found out they had an MRSA staph infection . They claimed during an interview with The Art of Wrestling that a “ lazy ” WWE doctor ignoed the issue . They were also said to be upset with how their pay would be hurt by the WWE Network , and with WWE not putting them in an official Wrestlemania main event , one of their last major goals as a wrestler . WWE eventually sent Punk termination papers on their wedding day , although Vince McMahon publicly apologized for that on The Stone Cold Podcast on the WWE Network . Punk eventually signed an agreement that let the WWE sell existing merchandise and a video game that had them in it . After that , Punk signed with the UFC as a fighter .
WWE physician Chris Amann later filed a lawsuit against Punk and Colt Cabana for slander , claiming they hurt their “ standing in the medical profession ” and caused them personal harm . They are still with WWE although they have n't appeared as much on WWE TV as they used to . The lawsuit is currently pending and likely wo n't go to trial until the summer of 2018 .
LONDON : India has topped the list of countries where people are working in their dream-jobs with 44 per cent Indians admitting they have the career they wanted as a child , according to a survey.In the survey conducted by networking website LinkedIn , 44 per cent Indians said they had their dream-jobs , while just 21 per cent of the site 's British users said they worked in the career they had wanted in their youth.Other English-speaking countries also did relatively poorly , with the US , Canada , Australia and New Zealand all scoring less than 30 per cent , the 'Daily Mail ' reported.When LinkedIn asked its users which job they had most wanted in childhood , the results showed a marked gender divide.British men said the career they had coveted most was to be an aeroplane pilot , followed by engineer , scientist or police officer.Most women , by contrast , wanted to be a doctor or nurse , with teacher , writer and singer also high up the list.Meanwhile , those in other countries have different aspirations - American men said they wanted to be Olympic athletes , while women in Sweden longed to become vets.Britons may not be all that happy with their jobs , but they have not lost hope of improving their lot , with 32 per cent revealing they still dream of getting the career they always wanted.When the 8,000 people surveyed in the UK were asked how they would define a dream job , the overwhelming majority - 75 per cent - said that 'taking pleasure in work ' was the priority.Nine per cent revealed their main aim was to help others , while five per cent said they longed for flexible working conditions . `` It 's never too late to land your ideal job , '' said Darain Faraz , a LinkedIn spokesperson . `` LinkedIn is a great tool for helping you to find the right job for you and at the beginning of the year when we start to look for new challenges - it 's the perfect place to start looking , '' Faraz said.In the dream job league table , Indonesia was in the second place with 42 per cent of its people doing jobs they always wanted , followed by the United Arab Emirates ( 35.7 per cent ) and Germany ( 33 per cent ) .Brazil was in the fifth position with 32 per cent of its population in the jobs they wanted , while Austria with 31 per cent of its population satisfied was at the sixth place.Switzerland ( 30 per cent ) , US ( 29 per cent ) , France , Canada , Sweden and South Africa ( 28 per cent ) , Singapore and Hong Kong ( 27 per cent ) also made it to the dream job league table.Australia ( 26 per cent ) , New Zealand ( 25 per cent ) and UK with only 21 per cent of its population holding their dream-jobs were at the bottom of the list .
Journalists , fans and other developers began reaching out to the brothers , praising their work in the Cyberpunk Jam and asking for more . It was an `` insane amount of attention , '' Soret recalls :
`` Finally , as artists , our lives started to make sense . It felt like we hit the right spot , that we were in the right place , that we did the right thing , that finally we were doing something to actually please people rather than annoying them with advertisings , like I did in my previous career . ''
They decided to pause the fantasy game and build The Last Night into a full cinematic platformer , a style of game that emphasizes exploration and experimentation in a living , breathing , 2D environment . This is the type of game the brothers were waiting for , a new kind of side-scroller built with all of the power and ease provided by modern technology .
`` As a creator , everything you have in mind , you can make it now , with almost no technical limitation , '' Soret says . `` That 's why we want to bring back this genre from the grave . The pleasure of a real 2D adventure , but without the slow pace of point-and-click , without the hassle of point-based combats of RPGs , without the levels designed as platforming puzzles . Just real adventures , full of in-game storytelling , of action , of exploration , where you 're in direct control of your character at all times . ''
There are no good or bad choices . Just like real life , there are just choices . And there are consequences .
The Last Night is gorgeous . Artistically , it draws inspiration from Blade Runner , with high-stacked cities packed with bright lights and roaming , flying authority figures . It stars a man with a gun , a bounty hunter-type character faced with a series of life-altering decisions . The game diverges depending on the choices each player makes over a series of connected nights , each one starting and ending in the hero 's apartment . Choose one action on night three and it impacts the events of night six or seven , Soret says . This means there is definitely more than one ending in The Last Night .
`` There are no good or bad choices , '' Soret says . `` Just like real life , there are just choices . And there are consequences . And you 're not always in control of what happens . The goal for us is to make a story that will bear different meanings depending on your actions . This is how we want to explore under different lights the themes of the game , like the melancholy of modern life . ''
For the Cyberpunk Jam , the Soret brothers used an art style they thought was simple to implement : lean , pixelated characters with long , thin limbs , similar in style to Gods Will Be Watching or Sword & Sworcery . They did n't even like that character design -- and they still do n't -- but they did what they had to in order to finish the jam . Spindly legs are easier to animate , it turns out .
The final version of The Last Night features pixelated characters with more realistic proportions and movements . The brothers even recorded themselves doing certain moves in real life so they could transfer those natural movements to the game . It 's higher-quality content all around , Soret says .
Making these decisions -- scrapping one art style for another , pausing one game to jump on the momentum of another , entering the Cyberpunk Jam in the first place -- is made easier for Tim and Adrien since they share a history and were raised the same way . This is the main advantage of working with a brother , `` someone who is exactly like you , '' Tim Soret says .
`` We miss the same games ; we share the same idea of the ideal game , '' they say . `` When we work on the same piece of art , we know that we can trust the other in terms of vision and art direction . The worst part is that , obviously , we suffer from the same weaknesses . One example is that we 're not extremely organized and we suck at estimating and managing our time ( the classic artist curse ) . ''
To counteract their shared weaknesses , the Soret brothers are working with writer and producer Danny Wadeson and a coder from MIT , Kamran Khan . `` We bring our unique vision and our creativity , while they bring stability , planning , scheduling and motivation , '' Soret says .
Together , the brothers Soret and friends plan to build the immersive , cinematic , 2D platformer of their childhood dreams . The Last Night is on track to launch in 2016 for PS4 , PC and Mac from their studio , Odd Tales , with a Kickstarter planned for early this year .
`` We want to deliver what people really want , because we feel we 're the only ones who can do it , '' Soret says . `` We saw the remake of Flashback or Oddworld , and we feel it 's far from what cinematic platformers could be today . So when you have a unique vision and you feel you have the power to do it in your hands , it would be terrible to not do it . We feel it 's our duty . ''
Former Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole ripped into [ crscore ] Ted Cruz [ /crscore ] on Wednesday , saying : “ If he 's the nominee , we 're going to have wholesale losses in Congress and state offices and governors and legislatures . ”
But Dole said the other anti-establishment candidate , Donald Trump , could “ probably work with Congress , because…he 's got the right personality and he 's kind of a deal-maker . ”
The former Senate majority leader — who lost to Bill Clinton in the 1996 presidential race — made the comments during an interview with The New York Times .
Dole has endorsed Jeb Bush , who they said “ does n't scream and yell in the debates , so I guess that 's a minus , but he 's a decent , honest guy who 's had experience , and he 's dealt with a legislature . ”
Speaking of Cruz , Dole called them an “ extremist ” and said : “ I do n't know how he 's going to deal with Congress . Nobody likes him . ”
“ I question their allegiance to the party , ” Dole said of Cruz . “ I do n't know how often you 've heard them say the word ‘ Republican ' — not very often . ”
Dole is the second establishment-type figure to criticize Cruz in recent days . On Tuesday , Iowa Gov . Terry Branstad said : “ It would be a big mistake for Iowa to support him . ”
Follow Alex on Twitter
posted on 08 October 2016
by Felix Richter , Statista.com
-- this post authored by Dyfed Loesche
The United Kingdom is financing a wall in the French port town of Calais to prevent migrants from boarding vehicles bound for Great Britain .
According to the Home Office , responsible for guarding the UK 's border , construction of the wall near Calais ' so-called Jungle migrant camp will begin soon .
Mockingly dubbed the `` Great Wall of Calais '' , the 4m ( 13ft ) high wall will run for only 1km ( 0.6 miles ) along both sides of the main road to Calais port . The wall is complemented by an already existing fence which extends the length to the whole barrier to approximately 5km .
This infographic shows a comparison of human-made barriers around the world
You will find more statistics at Statista .
> > > > > Scroll down to view and make comments < < < < < <
Click here for Historical News Post Listing
When they opened the 114th Congress , House Speaker John Boehner declared that “ too many are working harder only to lose ground to stagnant wages and rising costs . ”
Jeb Bush called the fundraising arm of their presidential exploration “ The Right to Rise PAC , ” a nice play on words emphasizing their hope for a conservative revival and their promise to put forward ideas that would help “ all Americans to rise up ” and “ to move up the income ladder . ”
Mitt Romney , of all people , told a Republican National Committee gathering on Friday night that “ under President Obama , the rich have gotten richer ” even as “ income inequality has gotten worse. ” Meanwhile , Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) has published a book called “ American Dreams ” proposing to fight what they call “ opportunity inequality . ”
The skeptic might write off such pronouncements as a tribute to the miracles that focus groups and polling can call forth . Republicans are well aware that wage stagnation is likely to be a central — perhaps the central — issue of the next campaign . And since the economic recovery is now so strong that the GOP can no longer complain that President Obama failed to bring the economy back to health , Republicans need to focus their criticisms elsewhere .
There are many reasons for skepticism , not the least being that improving middle-class living standards does n't even seem to rank with the Republicans ' obsessions : wrecking Obamacare , blocking the president 's executive actions on immigration and repealing Wall Street reform . And Republicans showed no enthusiasm over the weekend for the genuinely redistributive tax proposals the White House said the president would put forward in Tuesday 's State of the Union address .
But this does not mean that the new rhetoric on the right is without significance . On the contrary , a truly revealing leading indicator in politics is the moment when those on one side of the political debate are forced to talk about the problems that the other side sees as most pressing . Doing so inevitably reinforces their opponents ' worldview and suggests a retreat from their own ideology .
The last time this happened in a big way involved the response of many Democrats to Ronald Reagan 's 1980 victory over Jimmy Carter . For years afterward , they regularly fell all over themselves to sound Republican , peppering their speeches with praise for “ markets ” and “ entrepreneurship. ” Social spending became “ investments in human capital . ”
In their 1984 book on the era , “ The Neoliberals , ” Randall Rothenberg pointed to one of the key slogans of the revisionist Democrats who were arguing that the party needed to reach beyond the ideas of Franklin D. Roosevelt : “ The solutions of the thirties will not solve the problems of the eighties . ”
Of a sudden , as the late Daniel Patrick Moynihan liked to say , at least some conservatives are recasting that line to acknowledge that the solutions of the 1980s will not solve the problems of the second decade of the 21st century — meaning that there are voices on the right ( among them David Frum , Ross Douthat , Reihan Salam and my Post colleague Michael Gerson ) making the case for moving beyond Reagan .
Admitting that it is neither the '80s nor the '90s anymore is the first step toward backing away from the Reagan-Thatcher view of economics that has been surprisingly durable for 35 years : that markets need little regulation , that social programs are overrated or even harmful , and that taxes should always be kept as low as possible .
How much have things changed ? Last week , I was part of a group organized by the Center for American Progress that issued a report on how to promote inclusive prosperity . Most striking to all of us was just how much the economy has been transformed by globalization , technological change , shifts in employment relationships , the decline of worker bargaining power , the rise of “ short-termism ” in corporate behavior , and the shift toward a less progressive tax system .
The report included concrete suggestions for how to lift the wages and living standards of those left behind involving substantial but hardly radical public interventions . Many have worked in countries similar to ours . What 's clear is that if we keep relying on the answers of the 1980s , expecting remedies based on a hands-off government to improve things , we are destined for disappointment .
So far , the proposals coming from the right ( such as Rubio 's changes to the Earned Income Tax Credit ) are inadequate to the task at hand . Much of the current conservative program , including killing the Affordable Care Act and enacting more tax cuts for the wealthy , would actually make things worse .
Nonetheless , the rumblings you are hearing from the right are the sounds of an old consensus in the process of disintegrating . For those who want to deal with today 's problems , it 's a promising sound .
Read more from E.J . Dionne 's archive , follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook .
As the founding fathers of the United States of America made clear in the Declaration of Independence in 1776 :
`` When in the Course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of humankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation . ''
`` ... Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or abolish it , and institute new Government ... ''
ESPN analyst Barry Melrose will be introduced as the Tampa Bay Lightning 's new head coach at a news conference Tuesday .
Melrose has been an ESPN analyst full time since 1996 . They had previously worked as a studio analyst for ESPN 's Emmy Award-winning 1994 Stanley Cup playoff coverage and for ESPN and ESPN2 during the 1995 Stanley Cup playoffs .
Melrose was the head coach of the Los Angeles Kings from 1992 to '95 . In their debut season , their team advanced to the Stanley Cup finals for the first time in franchise history .
Melrose began their coaching career in 1987 when they led the Medicine Hat Tigers to the WHL 's Memorial Cup Title . They also coached the Seattle Thunderbirds for the 1988-89 season and the Adirondack Red Wings of the American Hockey League for three seasons ( 1989-92 ) . Melrose guided the Red Wings to the Calder Cup championship in 1991 . They also served as the team 's general manager during their final two seasons .
The Arizona Republic reported on Monday that Phoenix Coyotes assistant Rick Tocchet will not return to the team but will join Melrose 's staff in Tampa . Tocchet , 44 , played 18 seasons in the NHL but as a coach was involved in a gambling investigation and left the team for two years .
Monday , the primary investors in a group buying the Lightning said they have no intention of moving the team and will be `` shockingly aggressive '' in trying to improve the club that finished last in the NHL last season .
Betting on Bitcoins
Virtual currencies used to exchange goods on the Internet have been around for over a decade , but bitcoin is the one digital currency that 's proving its legitimacy in the real world with a current $ 1.5 billion evaluation and a possible ETF in the works thanks to venture capitalist twins , Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss .
In the early days , you could buy a bitcoin for a tenth of a nickel , but these days it will cost you $ 135 to buy one . While bitcoin 's performance has been impressive year-to-date , there are risks associated with potential returns just like any other investment . Speculation is still high and regulation is pending , so consider the following pros and cons if you 're thinking of riding the bitcoin boom .
Pros
Decentralization : Like gold , bitcoins are not tied to a government so they ca n't be printed or manipulated by monetary policies . Since there 's only a finite amount of bitcoins—21 million by 2041 to be exact—they retain their value regardless of quantitative easing or interest rate policies .
Additionally , bitcoins are “ minted ” through preset intervals determined by an algorithm so that the supply grows at a regular , predictable rate without the interference of financial regulators like a central bank . Unsurprisingly , interest in bitcoins has come from countries that have had troubled economies including Argentina with its volatile currency woes and Zimbabwe with its hyperinflation challenges .
No Third Parties : Bitcoins are not tied to any banking system and do not require a clearinghouse to settle transactions so there are virtually no fees or limits on how much you can send or accept . Bitcoins can be directly transferred person to person anywhere in the world within a matter of minutes through an online wallet service or a Bitcoin Wallet application that can be downloaded on a phone or computer . Bitcoins can also be converted into dollars , euros , yen , rupees and other currencies .
Unlike banking transactions , bitcoins are transparent since every single transaction is verified and recorded in a real-time public ledger called the block chain . The block chain is maintained by a network of users who run it through a free Bitcoin mining software that solves complex cryptographic sequences to process and verify transactions and “ mines ” for new coins that are released into the system . Through this process , transactions are transparent but remain secure and anonymous .
Strong Encryption : With military-level cryptography , bitcoins are hard to counterfeit . Every transaction requires a unique signature , or private key , that is verified by a miner and is permanently stored on the network . Through this process , every bitcoin has an associated history attached to it that makes it difficult to replicate or counterfeit .
CONS
Technological Vulnerabilities : As with physical money , you can easily lose virtual money . If you forget your password , do n't back up your hard drive or accidentally override and erase your Bitcoin wallet , you can easily lose all your bitcoins .
Bitcoins can also be stolen through malware , viruses and attacks . Owners of online wallet services have also disappeared with people 's bitcoins . To safeguard against these attacks as well as human error , you 'll need to set up and maintain a system of online and offline backups — which can be a hassle in and of itself .
Volatility : Bitcoins are not pegged to any currency which can cause it to fluctuate wildly . Since its inception in 2009 , it has traded for less than a penny and reached a high of $ 220 last April . Additionally , the rates between the bigger exchanges and a local exchange can be vastly different .
Fraud : The anonymity of using bitcoins has also provided a way for criminal activity such as the buying of illegal goods or money laundering . And while regulation can be good for Bitcoin in order to prevent fraudulent activities , there 's no telling if governments will try to abolish virtual currencies altogether . Just last month the Treasury Department 's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , FinCEN , informed Bitcoin that it must adhere to U.S. financial rules .
Proceed With Caution
The most common ways to get bitcoins are to accept them as payment , mine for them which can require a lot of time and computing power , or purchase them directly which can be expensive . If you do decide to invest in them , be aware it can take a lot of time and resources , and you may want to start off with money you can afford to lose since the FDIC wo n't guarantee virtual currencies even if the risks are just as real as the returns .
Hannah Kim is a financial writer at NerdWallet , a site dedicated to helping consumers learn how to manage their money , whether it 's to help them find the best credit card for their needs , or find the right online brokerage account .
NEW DELHI : Attorney general G E Vahanvati informed the Supreme Court on Tuesday that the Centre has fully accepted the Delhi high court verdict , which decriminalized consensual gay sex between adults in private . The Centre clarified its stand on homosexuality , saying there is no error in decriminalization of gay sex .
The Supreme Court had sought assistance from the attorney general in view of contradictory stand taken before the Supreme Court and high court .
Vahanvati said though the government had opposed dilution of Section 377 as far as consensual gay sex in private was concerned , it later realised that the high court verdict was correct . The HC verdict decriminalizing homosexuality is acceptable to us , they stressed . We learnt and got subsequently enlightened after the verdict , they added .
Criminalizing gay sex among consenting adults in private is violation of fundamental rights , the attorney general added on the Centre 's behalf .
They also said that the recent goof up in the apex court where Additional Solicitor General P P Malhotra opposed gay sex was a result of lack of communication between the law officers and the Home Ministry .
The bench had yesterday pulled up the Centre for its `` casual '' approach on decriminalisation of homosexuality and also expressed concern over Parliament not discussing such important issues and blaming judiciary for `` over-reach '' .
After going through various affidavits of the government filed in the Delhi high court and the Supreme Court , the apex court had said the Centre has taken this case very casually which needs to be `` condemned '' and had directed the AG to be present before it to clarify the Centre 's stand .
`` They have taken this case very casually . This practice needs to be condemned and we are going to say it in our judgment , '' the bench had observed .
The bench had said it is a peculiar case in which the government is taking a neutral stand before the apex court on such an important issue after contesting the matter in the high court .
The apex court was hearing petitions by anti-gay rights activists and also by political , social and religious organisations , opposing the high court verdict .
The Delhi high court had in 2009 decriminalised gay sex as provided in Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC ) and had ruled that sex between two consenting adults in private would not be an offence .
Section 377 ( unnatural offences ) of the IPC makes gay sex a criminal offence entailing punishment up to life term .
Donald Trump earned the endorsement of the New York Post on Friday , four days before the Empire State holds a Republican presidential primary that the Manhattan billionaire is expected to win easily .
The tabloid did criticize Trump for `` policies that seem made on the fly '' and added that their `` language , too , has too often been amateurish , divisive — and downright coarse . '' But it dismissed these shortcomings as `` rookie mistakes '' and lauded Trump for their outsider status .
Trump is now an imperfect messenger carrying a vital message . But they reflect the best of “ New York values ” — and offers the best hope for all Americans who rightly feel betrayed by the political class .
They have the potential — the skills , the know-how , the values — to live up to their campaign slogan : to make America great again .
For those reasons , The Post today endorses Donald Trump in the GOP primary .
Before endorsing him , the New York Post had a lot of fun on its covers at Trump 's expense . Perhaps the endorsement was a way of saying thank you for all the material . Here are just a few of the paper 's greatest Trump hits :
Today 's cover : Donald Trump and the pope got into a war of words yesterday https : //t.co/gB5QMuDgwl pic.twitter.com/A3hH90F0hL — New York Post ( @ nypost ) February 19 , 2016
Today 's cover : Iowans did n't just vote for Ted Cruz – they denied Donald Trump https : //t.co/bYabYMNOnN pic.twitter.com/ZyOfdMX80Z — New York Post ( @ nypost ) February 2 , 2016
Today 's cover : Trump says allies must start paying for `` American protection '' https : //t.co/YrzAD9duFi pic.twitter.com/Mw51xnjpnk — New York Post ( @ nypost ) March 27 , 2016
Today 's cover : Sarah Palin endorsed Donald Trump for president https : //t.co/WVb8g1ChWZ pic.twitter.com/f6Po9jG9wU — New York Post ( @ nypost ) January 20 , 2016
Peter Capaldi says playing the Time Lord is 'very intense ' and hopes their portrayal brings back 'mystery and strangeness '
The new series of Doctor Who will see the Time Lord join forces with Robin Hood and be injected into a Dalek , but its star Peter Capaldi has revealed their deadliest foes – tight budgets , BBC politics , and the paparazzi .
Capaldi , who will be seen in their first full episode in the role when the show returns to BBC1 on Saturday , said they were still finding their feet as its 12th Doctor .
The former Thick of It star said they wanted to bring back some of the Doctor 's `` mystery and strangeness '' , which they said was hard in a 50-year-old show , with an approach that was `` serious … but still quite comic '' , a `` more grown up Doctor '' who was `` still mirthful '' .
`` I do n't know if it 's quite fallen into place yet , '' Capaldi told the new issue of Radio Times after seven months making the show . `` I 'm trying all the time to see what works and what does n't work .
`` Doctor Who is a very intense working experience because , like most things at the BBC , there 's not quite enough money and money is time and there 's really not quite enough time to do it , so you are always on the hoof , pedalling as fast as you can . ''
One of the BBC 's most expensive shows – as well as its most money-spinning – series showrunner , Steven Moffat , has talked about how `` extraordinarily difficult '' it was to make its feature length 50th anniversary special on an hour-long budget last year .
Capaldi , the oldest-ever Doctor at 56 , said they had been given advice about their new role by their predecessors , Matt Smith and David Tennant .
Asked what they had told him , Capaldi said : `` Sometimes you 're in the middle of a big production that has a lot of BBC politics and administration at work and it 's a big commercial vehicle .
`` But you 're an actor and sometimes have to compare notes to see how the others might have felt about the things I am going through or am I being asked to do . It 's good to be able to chat to people who have been in the same situation . ''
Capaldi said they had a `` big talk '' with their wife , TV producer Elaine Collins , before accepting the role .
`` David and Matt made clear to me that there are things that will change , that you have to be prepared for , like your visibility , '' they said . `` I was happy walking down the street doing what I want to do without having paparazzi there . We agreed there 'd be pluses and minuses but so much of it was unknown . ''
The much-anticipated new series will see the Doctor join forces with Robin Hood in an episode written by Sherlock co-creator Mark Gatiss . In another episode , the Doctor and their assistant Clara are miniaturised so they can go inside a Dalek that is `` so damaged it has become good '' , said Moffat .
Capaldi said they were shocked when they first entered the Tardis to find `` it was just like a wardrobe , like something your dad had made . And there was a prop bloke and a smoke machine . When I had to step out of it , it was quite nerve-racking , but delightful as well . ''
The 12-part series will also feature the `` the deadliest bank in the cosmos '' , manned by a terrifying creature called the Teller ; a Frank Cottrell Boyce episode in which the trees claim back the earth ; and `` Mummy on the Orient Express '' , guest starring Frank Skinner .
Other guest stars will include Keeley Hawes , Sanjeev Bhaskar and Ben Miller . Another episode , featuring Hermione Norris , is set on the moon .
A childhood fan of the show , Capaldi – most recently seen on BBC1 drama The Musketeers – said they `` never thought '' they would be in the frame for the role `` because the Doctors were getting younger and younger and that was fine '' .
AP voter Tom Murphy was the only person to rank Michigan ahead of Ohio State in this week 's poll even though Murphy already had Ohio State ranked ahead of Michigan last week and the Buckeyes just beat the Wolverines in a double-overtime thriller on Saturday .
Murphy , who covers the Arkansas Razorbacks for the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , explained their ballot , saying they thought the refs made a bad call in the second overtime when Ohio State quarterback J.T . Barrett ran for a first down on 4th-and-1 trailing by a field goal . On review , the refs determined the play stood as called .
And you can tell those refs that Tom Murphy of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette thinks they are idiots .
“ As that was the game-decided play , I appointed myself as the replay official and deemed Michigan the winner , ” Murphy said in their explanation . “ Now , if only the College Football Playoff selection committee would do the same . ”
Tom Murphy , the only AP Voter to rank Michigan ahead of Ohio State after the OSU win , explains their ballot in which they appoint themselves ref . pic.twitter.com/EpuJcRahPP — RedditCFB ( @ RedditCFB ) November 28 , 2016
Here 's the crucial play Murphy referenced .
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock initially wanted to sell Kenneth Zohore when they joined the club
Cardiff City have turned down an enquiry from Everton for Danish under-21 striker Kenneth Zohore .
Zohore has also been a target for newly promoted Brighton and Hove Albion and was subject of a bid from Hull City .
The Bluebirds say they are determined to hold onto the player .
Manager Neil Warnock said last week that it would take a bid of £30m to prise Zohore away from the club with the 23-year old Cardiff 's top scorer last season with 12 goals .
It is understood Cardiff will not welcome further interest and are keen not to undermine their excellent start to the Championship campaign , having won their opening five matches .
Warnock has said they are looking to sign a midfield player before Thursday 's transfer deadline .
However , winger Craig Noone and striker Anthony Pilkington could leave the Cardiff City Stadium along with defender Declan John .
Over the summer , a pilot video surfaced online for a new show titled , “ WWE NXT Kids ” featuring children interviewing NXT wrestlers and doing commentary over NXT matches with Corey Graves . Now it appears that WWE is moving ahead with the project , as a casting call has been posted at Backstage.com with the following description :
PRODUCTION DESCRIPTION : WWE NXT is casting a pilot for a new wrestling show aimed at kids.REHEARSAL AND PRODUCTION DATES & LOCATIONS : Production will be taking place monthly on Thursday nights at Full Sail University in Orlando , FL .
SEEKING TALENT : Males & Females , ages 7-14 , All Ethnicities
ROLE DESCRIPTION : Announcers & Interviewers : ( Supporting ) with high energy . Must be personable , lively , quick on their feet and a good talker . Kids should have an understanding/familiarity with WWE , World Wrestling Entertainment programming . Kids will be acting as announcers/backstage interviewers/presenters .
SHARE
By
Wausau — Wausau police have identified a man dressed as Santa who was handing out Beanie Babies to children at an elementary school .
Police say the man was a Salvation Army bell ringer who works dressed in a Santa suit .
According to police , the bell ringer hands out Beanie Babies to people who make donations . As they were walking home Monday , children on the Franklin School playground saw them in a Santa suit and called them over to the fence . Police say the man handed the children some Beanie Babies .
Police say Salvation Army officials have confirmed the man was a bell ringer , Daily Herald Media reports .
The Salvation Army 's Lt. Jacob Tripp tells WAOW-TV the man rang bells on Monday but would not be welcome back to do it again .
BOSTON ( CBS/AP ) — Immigrants and advocacy groups crowded a Beacon Hill hearing room to voice their opinions on whether or not Massachusetts should become a so-called sanctuary state .
The Legislature 's Committee on Public Safety and Homeland Security heard testimony on the Bill Friday . If passed , the proposed legislation would place limits on cooperation between federal immigration officials and state and local law enforcement agencies .
The debate comes amid heightened concerns in some immigrant communities about President Donald Trump 's policies . An executive order issued by Trump though later blocked by a federal judge would cut funding to sanctuary cities .
Dozens of legislators have signed on as co-sponsors of the bill , but passage is far from assured .
Republican Gov . Charlie Baker and Democratic House Speaker Robert DeLeo say they oppose the bill . They prefer to leave sanctuary status up to individual cities and towns .
“ This legislation would… prevent the Massachusetts State Police from upholding our policy to detain individuals for federal authorities that have been convicted of heinous crimes , like murder and rape , and weakens current public safety measures that are designed to keep us safer , ” said Governor Baker . “ Our administration does not support making the Commonwealth a sanctuary state and urges the Legislature to hold this bill in committee and reconsider ways to ensure Massachusetts remains a welcoming place while maintaining public safety . ”
In Somerville , one-third of the city 's residents are foreign-born . Mayor Joe Curtatone supports the sanctuary state bill .
“ We must make it clear that we will not follow along and allow some in the federal government and even here , in this Commonwealth , demonize immigrants , ” said Curtatone at the hearing .
Supporters at the hearing weighed-in , claiming the bill would be good for Massachusetts . Barbara Madeloni accused Hodgson of fear-mongering .
“ This legislation will actually make our communities safer because it will make it safe for people in the community to approach law enforcement , ” Madeloni said .
However , Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said the legislation would cut off vital communication lines between state and federal law enforcement agencies .
“ Making Massachusetts a sanctuary state restricts our relationship with ICE , ” Hodgson said . “ Why in the world should we work with fewer law enforcement agencies ? Why should we share less information ? ”
“ This is a public safety issue , ” they said . “ It is my sworn duty as a sheriff to do everything in my power to keep the citizens in my county and this state as safe as possible . ”
According to the sheriff , local authorities would be prohibited from alerting ICE when illegal immigrants are going to be released from custody unless they 've committed a serious violent offense .
They also said that if the bill passed , they would defy it .
( © Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
For years , sociologist Elaine Ecklund has made a career at Rice University by surveying religionists , scientists , and religious scientists , and twisting their survey data to show that science and religion are compatible . Science are “ spiritual , ” they say , and there are surprisingly more religious scientists than we think . ( Go here to see the many posts I 've written about their devious ways of spinning their data . ) And they have pretended that their agenda is neutral : that they have no overt objective . After all , a sociologist must assume the mantle of objectivity when doing such surveys . But I suppose that 's hard when one is funded by the John Templeton Foundation , as is Ecklund . Templeton , after all , wants certain results .
But now Ecklund 's totally dropped the mantle of objectivity . That 's clear from both a video I 'll put up tomorrow and a news release from their university outlining their latest research : “ Misonceptions of science and religion found in new study . ”
Apparently that new study has n't yet been published , but I 'm sure it 's forthcoming as a Templeton-funded book , and Ecklund talked about it last week at the AAAS meetings here in Chicago ( I 'll show the video from that meeting tomorrow ) . Ecklund has now openly admitted that their aim is to show that science and religion are compatible , that people who think they are n't are mistaken , and that we must promote such compatibility so that religious people will not be afraid to become scientists and government funding agencies wo n't cut science because they see it as a vehicle for atheists . In other words , she 's driven by an agenda . That takes the “ scientist ” out of their status as “ social scientist . ”
What are the “ misconceptions ” in their latest work ? This : “ that science and religion ca n't work in collaboration . ”
Ecklund apparently surveyed garden-variety scientists ( as opposed to the “ elite ” scientists of their previous work ) , as well as the general population and , especially , evangelical Christians . What they found , as described in the study , is this :
We found that nearly 50 percent of evangelicals believe that science and religion can work together and support one another , ” Ecklund said . “ That 's in contrast to the fact that only 38 percent of Americans feel that science and religion can work in collaboration. ” The study also found that 18 percent of scientists attended weekly religious services , compared with 20 percent of the general U.S. population ; 15 percent consider themselves very religious ( versus 19 percent of the general U.S. population ) ; 13.5 percent read religious texts weekly ( compared with 17 percent of the U.S. population ) ; and 19 percent pray several times a day ( versus 26 percent of the U.S. population ) .
The latter implies that scientists are just as religious as “ regular ” Americans , and , as I 'll show in a minute , that 's not quite the case . Ecklund has claimed this before , but , as Jason Rosenhouse noted , they had to finagle their data to reach that conclusion . But let me first note Ecklund 's lack of objectivity , as seen in their own words :
“ This is a hopeful message for science policymakers and educators , because the two groups do n't have to approach religion with an attitude of combat , ” Ecklund said . “ Rather , they should approach it with collaboration in mind . ”
In principle , their job is not to find a “ hopeful message , ” but to find the facts , be they hopeless or hopeful . But of course Templeton is n't funding them to find opposition to science and religion .
Here are some other facts that Ecklund does n't mention :
A 2009 Pew poll showed that 55 % of the U.S. public answered “ yes ” to the question “ Are science and religion often in conflict ? ” As expected , the perception of general conflict was higher among people who were n't affiliated with a church ( 68 % ) .
Surveying American scientists as a whole , regardless of status , a 2009 Pew poll showed 33 % who admitted belief in God , with 41 % atheists or agnostics ( the rest either did n't answer , did n't know , or believed in a “ universal spirit or a higher power. ” Among the general public , on the other hand , belief in God ran at 83 % and nonbelief at 4 % . In other words , the average scientist is ten times as likely to be an atheist or an agnostic than is the average American .
The degree of scientists ' nonbelief goes up with their professional status . Ecklund 's own earlier work found that 62 % of scientists working at “ elite ” universities were atheists or agnostics , with only 33 % professing belief in God . And , considering members of America 's most elite scientific body , the National Academy of Sciences , we see that only 7 % believe in a personal God and 93 % are atheists or agnostics . These figures , and the correlation of nonbelief with professional achievement , are well known .
Finally , a 2011 survey by the Barna Group , a religious polling organization , found that , among the six major reasons young Christians leave the church , an important one is that they perceive their churches as unfriendly to science :
Reason # 3 – Churches come across as antagonistic to science .
One of the reasons young adults feel disconnected from church or from faith is the tension they feel between Christianity and science . The most common of the perceptions in this arena is “ Christians are too confident they know all the answers ” ( 35 % ) . Three out of ten young adults with a Christian background feel that “ churches are out of step with the scientific world we live in ” ( 29 % ) . Another one-quarter embrace the perception that “ Christianity is anti-science ” ( 25 % ) . And nearly the same proportion ( 23 % ) said they have “ been turned off by the creation-versus-evolution debate. ” Furthermore , the research shows that many science-minded young Christians are struggling to find ways of staying faithful to their beliefs and to their professional calling in science-related industries .
What Ecklund is doing is simply ignoring these obvious signs that there is indeed an air of combat , or at least of incompatibility . What Ecklund sees as “ compatibility , ” however , seems to be that both religionists and nonbelievers can work together on issues of “ common good ” :
“ Most of what you see in the news are stories about these two groups at odds over the controversial issues , like teaching creationism in the schools . And the pundits and news panelists are likely the most strident representatives for each group , ” they said . “ It might not be as riveting for television , but consider how often you see a news story about these groups doing things for their common good . There is enormous stereotyping about this issue and not very good information . ”
Well , given that 46 % of Americans are young-earth creationists , and almost all of those are religious , I 'd say that scientists and believers are considerably at odds about teaching creationism in the schools . In fact , in a 2005 Harris Poll , 55 % of Americans thought that creationism , ID , and evolution should all be taught in public schools , 23 % creationism only , and 4 % ID only . That makes 82 % of Americans who want some form of religious-origin stories taught in public schools . Distressingly , only 12 % wanted only evolution to be taught ! Is that working together for the common good ?
And of course “ common good ” could mean values that some atheists and believers have in common , including issues like gay rights or fighting poverty . But we do n't need surveys to do that ; we form alliances based on our interests and perceptions of our allies , not on sociological polls . I 'll tell you this , though : if I wanted to give medical care to sick Africans , I 'd rather work with a secular organization like Doctors Without Borders than with a religious organization , simply because the religious groups often proselytize .
Finally , here are some more signs that Ecklund considers “ counterintuitive ” and hopeful ( my emphasis on the first point ) :
Nearly 60 percent of evangelical Protestants and 38 percent of all surveyed believe “ scientists should be open to considering miracles in their theories or explanations . ”
27 percent of Americans feel that science and religion are in conflict [ note that their figures are about half that of other recent surveys ]
Of those who feel science and religion are in conflict , 52 percent sided with religion . [ JAC : that 's near the results of a 2006 magazine poll of Americans showing that 64 % of them thought that if a fact about science contradicted a tenet of their religious beliefs , they 'd stick to those beliefs and reject the facts . ]
48 percent of evangelicals believe that science and religion can work in collaboration .
22 percent of scientists think most religious people are hostile to science .
Nearly 20 percent of the general population think religious people are hostile to science .
Nearly 22 percent of the general population think scientists are hostile to religion .
Nearly 36 percent of scientists have no doubt about God 's existence .
Notably missing here is the crucial figure : the proportion of scientists ( comared to the general public ) that are atheists and agnostics . To me , that disparity clearly shows a conflict between the religious and scientific mindset , reflecting either a penchant for nonbelievers to go into science or an erosion of religious belief when one becomes a scientist . ( It 's undoubtedly both , but there is clear evidence that the latter is often the case . )
Finally , the press release shows a bit of irony . Ecklund finds that evangelical Christians who work in science are actually more religious than their evangelical brethren who do n't work in science . Why is that ? Here 's Ecklund 's explanation :
“ Evangelical scientists feel that they 've been put under pressure or they find themselves in what they view to be more hostile environments , ” they said . “ They potentially see themselves as more religious , because they 're seeing the contrast between the two groups all the time . ”
Do they not realize that that undercuts their whole thesis ? If science and religion are pals , where does the “ hostility ” come from ?
A technology entrepreneur with links to Hollywood filmmaker Steven Spielberg has been revealed to be the organizer of the Formula One Grand Prix planned for the streets of Las Vegas .
It has emerged that a contract for the race is on the table as F1 's chief executive Bernie Ecclestone continues their drive into the United States . It follows F1 's hugely-successful return to the country , after a five-year absence , with the US Grand Prix in Austin , Texas which began in 2012 .
Last month Mr Ecclestone told Britain 's Independent newspaper that the race in Vegas is “ ready to go ” and the news was followed up in media outlets around the world . It led to widespread speculation about the identity of the group behind the race as Mr Ecclestone did not say who was leading it .
Highly respected US motorsport correspondent Steven Cole Smith confirmed the involvement of “ an investment and management group ” but did not disclose further details of it .
Mr Ecclestone subsequently told motoring magazine Autoweek that the group does not include casino impresario Steve Wynn or Guy Laliberté , co-founder of avant-garde circus troupe Cirque du Soleil , which has eight shows in Vegas . As Forbes remarked they are both likely to support the race due to the benefit it would bring , and it has since been confirmed that neither is leading the project .
Instead , the driving force behind it is Farid Shidfar , founder of digital meeting service rundavoo.com and pioneer of the Los Angeles media and entertainment practice at consultancy firm Accenture . This position brought them into contact with a number of show-business power-brokers including Steven Spielberg . In 1994 the Oscar-winning filmmaker founded the University of Southern California 's Survivors of the Shoah Visual History Foundation , a non-profit organization which records video testimonies of survivors and other witnesses of the Holocaust . The year after it was established Mr Shidfar helped to develop software which enables the foundation 's 220 Terabyte digital library system to be accessed from multiple museums worldwide .
Mr Shidfar spent 15 years as a senior executive at Accenture and worked with the world 's biggest media and entertainment brands including Disney , MGM , Sony and Universal . They left in 2008 to take on private projects and began to build closer links to Vegas .
The first of these was work on the launch of the brand for the city 's Cosmopolitan hotel and identification of strategic partnerships for it . The hotel opened in December 2010 and two years later Mr Shidfar founded Rundavoo , a digital service which streamlines the co-ordination of meetings as well as hotel , restaurant and event reservations .
Mr Shidfar is understood to have been analysing the opportunity to bring F1 to Vegas since 2011 and has boosted their efforts over the past year . On January 17 they founded the Nevada company P2M Motorsports Management LLC , and their Linkedin page confirms that it is the “ consortium bringing Formula 1 to the Las Vegas Strip. ” This world-famous road runs through the center of Vegas and is lined with some of the most renowned casino resorts including the Bellagio and Caesars Palace . The Vegas Grand Prix “ would be on The Strip for sure , ” said Mr Ecclestone last month .
A senior source in the US racing scene added that F1 's track designer Hermann Tilke has visited Vegas several times to design the layout of the course which demonstrates that the project is at an advanced stage . “ Tilke has made a couple of site visits . I knew that if they had gone along there must be something to it , ” said the source .
Forbes understands that Mr Ecclestone has handed Mr Shidfar a contract for a Vegas Grand Prix and they are currently looking over it . Interestingly , although Mr Shidfar 's background is not in the automotive or auto racing industry , their late father was reportedly chief executive of the Honda Company of Iran following a stint as the country 's vice minister of economic affairs and finance . In 2011 they passed away in Los Angeles where their son is still based . It puts them in pole position to spearhead the race in nearby Vegas .
Mr Ecclestone has been trying to bring F1 back to the city since it previously raced there in 1982 on a track in the Caesars Palace parking lot . The makeshift nature of the course failed to get support from within the series and it was abandoned after two races .
A Grand Prix on the streets of the city would have much more of an impact . Not only would it put F1 on the doorstep of the world 's wealthiest entertainment magnates , it would also give the race a backdrop of landmarks which are recognisable all over the States . This would dramatically boost F1 's visibility in the country and would turbo-charge Mr Ecclestone 's desire to gain ground in the lucrative US auto racing market which is dominated by NASCAR .
F1 's return to the US in 2012 has driven interest in the series . This year 's race in Austin took place earlier this month and attracted a reported crowd of 237,406 over the three days of the Grand Prix . Mr Shidfar was one of them as Forbes has discovered that they were there as a guest of Mr Ecclestone .
F1 's sports media missed them as their attention was instead focused on an alleged boycott of the race which ended up coming to nothing . The Force India , Lotus and Sauber teams supposedly threatened not to race in Austin due to the inequitable distribution of F1 's prize money which favours the front-runners as Forbes has reported .
The boycott was first rumoured in The Times newspaper but was never officially confirmed and has subsequently been denied by representatives of Force India and Lotus . The denial makes sense because if the teams had sat out the race voluntarily their sponsors could have taken legal action for not getting the exposure they paid for . In turn this could have caused the very collapse that the teams have been fighting to prevent so the boycott seems more like a “ conspiracy theory ” as Lotus team boss Gerard Lopez said at the track .
This intrigue is part of F1 's allure and its television audience in the US , where it is broadcast on NBC Sports , is growing . In 2013 it increased by 1.7 million viewers to 11.4 million and accelerated a further 93 % over the first 11 races of this year . However , it still trails the audience for the home-grown IndyCar series on the same network by 5 % .
This gap would narrow if there was a second race in the US . A Grand Prix was due to take place from 2013 on 3.2-miles of public roads in New Jersey with the backdrop of the sweeping Manhattan skyline . It was announced with great fanfare in October 2011 but has since been dropped from the F1 calendar twice . In June last year the scale of the hurdle in the way of the race was laid bare by Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper which revealed that the organisers need to raise $ 100 million to finish work on the track .
A Grand Prix in downtown Vegas would almost certainly propel F1 's audience in the US beyond that of IndyCar as it would give the race a backdrop of landmarks which are recognisable all over the country .
Hosting a Grand Prix in Vegas fits into the city 's strategy of diversifying from a tourist industry which depends on declining gambling revenue . In 2013 gambling revenue on The Strip came to $ 6.5 billion which was short of its $ 6.8 billion peak in 2007 . In the first quarter of this year casino sales in Vegas were down 12 % according to Bloomberg and resorts in the city are restructuring to accommodate this .
The SLS Hotel & Casino , which originally opened in 1952 as the Sahara , was re-launched in August and , according to its president , Rob Oseland , it only anticipates to get 30 % of its revenue from gambling . That compares with an average of 45 % across Nevada casinos today and 62 % in 1984 , according to the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas .
Nevertheless , some have suggested that the Vegas race is nothing more than a smokescreen invented by Mr Ecclestone .
“ In my experience , if Bernie says there 's a race coming in Las Vegas , he 's probably close to a deal somewhere else and this is a lever in a different negotiation , ” said F1 blogger Joe Saward . Mr Shidfar 's very public disclosure of their involvement with the race project proves that it is certainly not a figment of Mr Ecclestone 's imagination and is no smokescreen .
However , Mr Saward added that “ Vegas gets 39 million visitors per year . There are 150,000 hotel rooms in Vegas , occupancy runs at 84 percent . The downtown area lags behind The Strip but occupancy is still 75 percent . It does not need F1 . ”
The very same argument could of course have been applied to London when it made its successful bid for the Olympics . Mr Saward fails to take into account the fact that boosting visitor numbers is n't the only reason for a race . In the case of Vegas , it would allow the hotels in the city to dramatically increase their rates over the period of the race .
The same has happened in Austin where last year daily rates at four-star hotels averaged at $ 1,125 during the four days around the race according to travel website Expedia . It has contributed to F1 generating an estimated economic impact of more than $ 572 million for Austin since 2012 . No doubt this will not have been lost on the authorities in Vegas who are up against other cities and countries in the increasingly competitive tourism marketplace .
Despite this data and the comments from Mr Ecclestone , Mr Saward concluded that “ it is completely out of character for them to talk about deals that are under discussion unless it serves their purpose to make them public . ”
In fact , this is precisely what happened with the latest new addition to the F1 calendar , a Grand Prix in Baku , capital of the oil-rich country of Azerbaijan . It is run by entrepreneur Arif Rahimov and is due to take place in 2016 . Mr Ecclestone first revealed the race to the press in March before an official announcement in July . It gave Mr Ecclestone and the organizers an opportunity to test the public reaction before final terms were agreed and the deal was signed .
Another observer , named Gregg , was also sceptical about the plan for F1 to come to Vegas and posted a comment below Mr Cole Smith 's article saying “ Yeah . Just like it was coming to New Jersey . Do n't the media dorks get this is all about Bernie press ? ” In response , Mr Cole Smith said “ Sure , I got that when I wrote that Formula One was coming to Austin , Texas . I got that in spades . Probably from you , Gregg . ”
As with any planned race , you ca n't be sure it will go ahead until the lights go out on track and a Vegas Grand Prix is no exception . “ Whether they are going to do it I do n't know , ” said Mr Ecclestone last month . At the recent race in Austin they added that it may be one of several new events in the US . `` We are talking with two or three possible hosts . Las Vegas is one of them . '' Time will tell where the dice end up rolling .
Last night 's divine surprise is important more for the many bad things that will not happen than for the good ones that may happen . That Donald Trump won in spite of their many blunders , and in spite of the mainstream media machine acting as an integral part of Hillary Clinton 's campaign , indicates the magnitude of the elite-class debacle . Many disasters will be averted now .
The appointment of one , two , or even three Ruth Bader Sotomayor clones will not happen . There will be no mass amnesty for the illegals . The Clinton crime syndicate will no longer be able to operate with impunity , and its principals may face justice . ( After all , Hillary Clinton has said that Nelson Mandela was their role model , and they were elected president only after they had served 27 years in prison . ) There will be no second-generation Clinton dynasts . There will be no more mass pardons of hardened criminals . There will be no more bowing before Saudi royal kleptocrats , and no White House Iftar dinners with halal menus . There will be no mass influx of Syrian “ refugees. ” There will be no more “ progressive projects ” to erode the remnants of the Republic . There will be no more trashing of white working Americans . There will be no Humas in the Oval Office , no Nulands in the Cabinet and no Foundation donors in the anteroom .
Most importantly , there will be no meaningless wars in pursuit of hegemony for its own sake .
If Trump does remain staunch in their stated intent to reject the services of neocon “ experts , ” who are certain to start sending them their blood-soaked resumes , America will have a chance to become great again at home by acting as a satiated power abroad—like Rome under the Five Good Emperors , 19th century Britain , or the German Kaiserreich under Bismarck . That would mean that the United States would finally cease to be the major cause of instability and tension in today 's world , as it has been for the past quarter-century . There will be no games of chicken with Russia , no U.S.-declared and enforced “ no-fly zone ” in Syria—to which Hillary was fully committed , in spite of the obvious risk of causing a nuclear war—and no covert help for any jihadists ( aka “ moderate rebels ” ) anywhere . There will be no escalation with Beijing over some shoals in the South China Sea , no reckless attempts to make frozen post-Soviet conflicts hot again , and no interventions to force Bosnia 's unification and thus complete “ the unfinished business in the Balkans ” ( Hillary Clinton at their Senate confirmation hearing , February 2009 ) . Trump may then proceed to dismantle the American “ deep state , ” and especially the shadow government 's key components in the national security behemoth and the military-industrial complex . That would be the prerequisite of their successful assault on open immigration , “ free trade ” and global hegemony . It could put their lives in danger , but it is worth a try .
“ There 's something out there that 's hard to fathom , ” said a CNN pundit as the map started turning uncertain or even red in unexpected places , around 4 AM my time ( 10 PM Eastern ) . “ You would not have a reality-based conversation projecting this map until a few hours ago , ” said another a few minutes later . These people , and their ilk in a thousand studios , editorial offices , colleges and think-tanks , and their masters—from the Vineyard and Upper East Side to Palo Alto and Beverly Hills—are clueless and stupid , in addition to being evil . They deserved this defeat , and their shock should be exploited immediately and boldly to rob them permanently of their power to do bad things to good people .
Mentally ill Bradley Ballard was found naked and unresponsive on the floor of their cell after seven increasingly agitated days
After a mentally ill Bradley Ballard made a lewd gesture to a female guard at the Rikers Island jail in New York , they were locked in their cell alone for seven increasingly agitated days in which they were denied some of their medication , clogged their toilet so that it overflowed , stripped off their clothes and tied a rubber band tightly around their genitals .
During that period , guards passed Ballard 's cell in the mental observation unit dozens of times , peering through the window in the steel door but never venturing inside – until it was too late .
The 39-year-old Ballard was eventually found naked and unresponsive on the floor , covered in feces , their genitals swollen and badly infected . They were rushed to a hospital but died hours later .
`` He did n't have to leave this world like that . They could have put them in a mental hospital , got them some treatment , '' Ballard 's mother , Beverly Ann Griffin , said from their Houston , Texas , home . `` He was a caring young man . ''
Ballard 's death last September , detailed in documents obtained by the Associated Press and in interviews with two city officials on condition of anonymity , came five months before another Rikers inmate in a similar mental health unit died in a cell that climbed to a suffocating 101F ( 38C ) because of malfunctioning heating equipment .
Experts say Ballard 's death is only the latest example of how poorly equipped the city 's jail system is to handle the mentally ill , who make up about 40 % of the 12,000 inmates in the nation 's most populous city . A third of those inmates suffer from serious mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
In Ballard 's case , their family said they had been diagnosed as schizophrenic more than a decade ago , and they also had diabetes .
Faced with rising criticism over conditions at Rikers , Mayor Bill de Blasio has vowed reforms . Correction department spokesperson Robin Campbell said in a statement Wednesday that Ballard 's case is under investigation . They said mental health and jail officials have started shift-by-shift briefings on inmates like Ballard and are working on other measures `` so that a similar tragedy will not happen again '' .
More tests are needed to determine exactly how Ballard died , the medical examiner 's office says . But preliminary findings show that they probably succumbed to sepsis , an infection that has spread through the body , according to the two officials .
Ballard grew up in Houston and moved to New York to pursue a better life after working as a cook in a fried chicken restaurant , their family said . They spent six years behind bars after being arrested in 2004 for assaulting a receptionist and another employee of a New York law firm .
Last June , they were arrested in Houston on public lewdness and assault charges for punching and exposing themselves to a bus driver . They were sent back to jail in New York for not telling their parole officer that they had left the city .
They were first placed in a Rikers facility for 17 days , then a correction department psychiatric hospital for 38 days . Then they were sent to a roughly 30-bed mental observation unit at Rikers .
In documents obtained by the AP via a public records request , Cathy Potler , executive director of the city board of correction , gave their account of Ballard 's case , based on a review of records , security footage and interviews with inmates .
They noted that even though Ballard was in a unit where inmates are ordinarily allowed in and out of their cells to mingle with others for 14 hours a day , they were locked up continuously for seven days and for most of that time was n't given their medication . The type of medication was not disclosed .
Guards confined Ballard to their cell on 4 September after they stared for hours at a female officer , rolled up their shirt to look like a penis and thrust it toward her , Potler said .
The next day , Potler wrote , Ballard intentionally flooded their combination sink-toilet , after which a mental health provider spoke with them for 15 seconds through the cell door . The next day , a plumber turned off the water to their cell .
Over the next few days , guards and deputy wardens looked in their cell dozens of times throughout the day , Potler wrote , and the inmate was at times seen at the door .
On 10 September video of an inmate delivering a tray of food to Ballard 's cell showed the inmate covering their nose with their shirt and three officers backing away , `` presumably because of the foul odor coming from the cell '' , Potler wrote .
Ballard was checked on at least two dozen times that day and night , with an officer at one point seen kicking their cell door several times , according to Potler 's account .
By the time medical staffers were called in and their cell was opened , Ballard was so weak they could n't move . They were pronounced dead early on the morning of 11 September .
Under city rules , mental health staffers are required to make twice-daily rounds in the unit where Ballard was jailed , and the guards on duty are supposed to be steadily assigned there and receive annual mental health training .
But mental health staffers visited Ballard 's cell only once before they were discovered to be in distress , according to Potler . And of the 53 officers who worked in the unit in the days leading up to Ballard 's death , only one was steady , and none had received the required annual refresher course on mental health , Potler wrote .
Following Ballard 's death , department of health officials said a city investigation found workers missed multiple opportunities to treat him , transferred the unit chief to another facility and retrained staffers on how to do rounds and other procedures .
Jail officers have long complained that they are n't sufficiently trained to handle severely mentally ill inmates . At a recent public meeting , a union official said trainees get 21.5 hours of mental health training during their 16 weeks of academy instruction , plus the three-hour annual refresher .
In a statement , Norman Seabrook , president of the Correction Officers Benevolent Association , said Ballard 's death was an example of `` non-communication between medical staff and uniform staff '' . They said officers can notify members of the medical staff , `` but it 's clearly up to them and solely them to determine treatment '' .
Ballard 's death , though tragic , was unsurprising to those familiar with how the mentally ill fare in jails , said Dr Bandy Lee , a Yale psychiatrist who was a co-author of a report critical of jail officials ' use of solitary confinement .
`` Correctional institutions are such a poor substitute for mental hospitals , which is what they 're basically functioning as in our society , '' they said . `` The problem is the correction setting is not fit to deliver the proper care , and in fact many of the settings exacerbate their symptoms . ''
Curtis Griffin , Ballard 's stepfather , said a jail chaplain informed the family months ago of their son 's death , but they are n't told the specifics .
`` They know , '' Griffin said , `` that they were wrong in the way they handled the situation . ''
Mayor Rob Ford has opened up a new front in their bid for re-election , debuting a show on YouTube that has their opponents on city council warning Toronto 's controversial leader can not be discounted in this fall 's battle at the ballot box .
The Ford Nation premiere episode was posted on YouTube on Monday , and includes the mayor 's first explanation of why they denied for six months that they had smoked crack cocaine .
With their brother Doug Ford playing the role of questioner , the mayor denies they have `` a substance abuse problem , '' but admits they experimented with drugs .
Story continues below advertisement
As for their repeated denials of drug use , the mayor said they were reacting as anybody would in an embarrassing situation .
`` Why did I lie ? I think everybody in the world has lied , '' the mayor said in a segment called Rob Ford comes clean . `` Because I was embarrassed . I did n't want to tell the truth . That 's the only answer I can give . That 's as straightforward as I can be . I 'm not a drug addict . I do n't use drugs . Have I in the past ? Yes . And when they asked me it 's very , very humiliating in front of the world to say yes and everybody 's lied . ''
Mr. Ford was not at City Hall on Monday . Their office said they were on constituency calls .
Councillor John Filion , who spearheaded the successful efforts in November to transfer most of the mayor 's authority to the deputy mayor , said Mr. Ford 's YouTube performance is evidence that their political potential should not be underestimated .
`` He seems to be out ahead of what other people are doing , '' Mr. Filion said on Monday . `` One thing everybody should have learned is : Do not underestimate Rob Ford as an electoral force . People think , 'Oh , they are a big buffoon . He 's got no chance of being elected . Do n't worry about him . ' That 's a big mistake . ''
Councillor Joe Mihevc , another critic of the mayor , said depending on how the vote splits , Mr. Ford could be re-elected .
`` Is there a mathematical possibility ? Anyone who reads polls would have to say , 'Yes , the mayor is a player in this election , ' '' said Mr. Mihevc , who also pointed out they and others `` are going to do everything in our power to ensure that does n't happen . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Ford filed their election papers the first chance they had on Jan. 2 , but so far , only one serious contender , former councillor David Soknacki , has joined the race .
Councillor Karen Stintz has announced they plan to run and is expected to enter the race formally in the coming weeks , but two big-name rivals – John Tory and Olivia Chow – have yet to declare their intentions .
Mr. Filion said they think giving the mayor a head start is a `` terrible strategy . ''
`` Sure , there are people that can beat him , but they have to step forward and they have to run an intelligent campaign , '' they said .
Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly warned it is too early in the campaign to draw any conclusions . `` I 've been through too many elections to form an opinion right up front , '' they said .
Mr. Mihevc said addressing voters directly online is a clever move by the mayor , and their explanation for lying about their drug use will likely resonate with their core of supporters .
At last I have gotten round to writing a blog post about the criminally underused machines library written by the terrifyingly productive Edward Kmett .
This is a very simple demonstration of usage , with a focus on machines using the IO monad . I will not cover how the library works ( because I do n't know ) .
Let us begin with imports :
module Main where import Control.Monad.IO.Class ( MonadIO , liftIO ) import Data.Machine
What 's a machine ?
The docs speak :
Machines are demand driven input sources like pipes or conduits , but can support multiple inputs . You design a Machine by writing a Plan . You then construct the machine .
Here is a plan , which is constructed into a machine :
-- | Plan to build a helloMachine helloPlan : : Plan k String ( ) helloPlan = do yield `` Hello '' yield `` World '' stop -- | Construct the plan helloMachine : : Monad m = > SourceT m String helloMachine = construct helloPlan
It output “ hello ” , then “ world ” , and then it stops . SourceT means it is a special case of ‘ Machine ' with no inputs , m says it has effects in the Monad m , and String says it outputs values of type String .
If it were a unix utility , running it would look like this :
fred @ forte~ > helloPlan hello world fred @ forte~ >
We will make it into a unix utility shortly , using…
The Printer
A machine that takes String inputs , and prints each one it receives to the console . It never outputs anything .
printer : : ( MonadIO m ) = > ProcessT m String ( ) printer = repeatedly $ do value < - await liftIO $ putStrLn value
Note its type :
ProcessT means it can both input and output . Any SourceT is also a ProcessT , accepting any kind of input .
means it can both input and output . Any is also a , accepting any kind of input . MonadIO m means that side effects can be in IO
means that side effects can be in IO String is the input type .
is the input type . ( ) is the output type . This could also be any variable , but we use ( ) to indicate it has no meaning .
Note also the use of repeatedly . This is an alternative behaviour to construct , which builds a machine constantly repeating its plan : once stopped , it will always begin the plan again from the start .
The “ Utility ”
We can compose this program into a machine that prints “ hello world ” to the console and outputs nothing . Imagine the ~ > operator representing data flow .
composed : : MonadIO m = > SourceT m ( ) composed = helloMachine ~ > printer
Now we will enter the real world , and run our machine using runT_ , whose type is :
runT_ : : Monad m = > MachineT m k b - > m ( )
This runs a machine . It causes side effects to happen in the Monad m . It throws away the output of the Machine . If you want the outputs , you can get them as a list using runT
main : : IO ( ) main = runT_ composed
Now , running our program , we see :
liu @ tiangong ~ > runhaskell Main.hs hello world liu @ tiangong ~ >
Progress .
Progress
Let 's build a program . We have a faulty CSV file , and we want to find lines which have the wrong number of commas . Our file represents a list of people , ages , and jobs . Chopin has unfortunately too many jobs , and so is an invalid record . So too is Liu Yang , as their country is listed erroneously .
name , age , job Frederic Chopin,39 , musician , composer Jane Smith,30 , creative accountant Johann Sebastian Bach,65 , composer Liu Yang,35 , Astronaut , China
Our program will do the following :
Read a CSV file from stdin
Skip the header
Find lines with the wrong number of commas ( i.e . not 2 )
Print the count of bad lines
Starting in a new file , let 's import some things :
{ - # LANGUAGE RankNTypes # - } module Machines where import Control.Applicative import Control.Monad ( unless ) import Control.Monad.IO.Class ( MonadIO , liftIO ) import Data.Machine import Data.Char import Data.ByteString ( ByteString ) import qualified Data.ByteString as BS import System.IO ( isEOF )
Read lines
Our first machine reads lines from stdin
lineSource ' : : MonadIO m = > SourceT m ByteString lineSource ' = construct $ go where go = do cond < - liftIO isEOF unless cond $ do line < - liftIO BS.getLine yield line go
Let 's generalise this Machine to ioSource : Produce values of type a using a program f until a monadic condition k is fulfilled .
ioSource : : MonadIO m = > IO Bool - > IO a - > SourceT m a ioSource k f = construct go where go = do cond < - liftIO k unless cond $ do liftIO f > > = yield > > go
Now we can write lineSource as simply
lineSource : : MonadIO m = > SourceT m ByteString lineSource = ioSource isEOF BS.getLine
Skip the Header
Machine # 2 must skip the first line . We do n't need to write it , it 's already in Machines
So our skipHeader machine is simply :
skipHeader : : Monad m = > ProcessT m a a skipHeader = dropping 1
Count Commas
Next up : count the number of commas in each line . For this we can utilise BS.count , which counts the number of characters in a ByteString .
countCommas : : Monad m = > ProcessT m BS.ByteString Int countCommas = repeatedly $ do line < - await yield ( BS.count comma line ) where comma = fromIntegral ( ord ' , ' )
Note that instead of writing out this whole machine , we could just fmap the BS.count function over the previous machine .
Filter & Count bad lines
Finally , we filter out all the counts not equal to 2 , and then count them . Filtering we can do with library functions :
filterBad : : Monad m = > ProcessT m Int Int filterBad = filtered ( /= 2 )
Counting is easy too : the only new thing to note is the use of ( < | > ) . That just means “ if there 's nothing left to await , we 'll yield the current count and then stop ” .
count : : Monad m = > ProcessT m a Int count = construct ( go 0 ) where go n = do x < - await < | > ( yield n * > stop ) go ( n + 1 )
Putting it together
We already know how to compose machines , so it 's a simple task of extracting the count :
main : : IO ( ) main = do n < - runT pipeline -- Remember that runT collects outputs in a list print ( head n ) where pipeline = lineSource ~ > skipHeader ~ > countCommas ~ > filterBad ~ > count
Running it :
bach @ clavier ~ > cat test . csv | runhaskell CsvMachines.hs 2 bach @ clavier ~ >
By JAMES TAPPER
Last updated at 15:47 26 February 2008
She 's famously flat-chested - but just as well known as a buxom pirate girl - and now Keira Knightley has revealed the secrets of their seemingly versatile cleavage .
Miss Knightley , who has described their naturally small breasts as 'pecs ' , has confessed that their busty transformation is all down to make-up .
The slightly built 22-year-old Atonement actor shot to worldwide fame in the blockbuster Pirates Of The Caribbean - with breasts spilling over the tight corset they wore in the role of Elizabeth Swann .
Scroll down for more ...
But it was all an illusion , made possible by the film-studio art of `` bosom make-up '' . It is a skill from Hollywood 's golden age that fell out of favour with the advent of silicone enhancement .
Miss Knightley said : `` They painted my t * * s on me for the films , which is extraordinary because it 's kind of a dying art form - in the past , they used to have whole sections of the studios devoted to bosom make-up .
`` And I loved it , completely loved it . Because it was the first time in my life I had big t * * s , and I did n't even need surgery . '
They said the process of creating the cleavage took 45 minutes every morning before filming started .
A make-up artist would apply a slightly darker shade of base make-up between Miss Knightley 's own breasts to create a shadow to increase the 'cleavage effect ' .
The actor 's assets were digitally enhanced in movie posters for their 2004 film King Arthur . In British versions they appeared in their natural state , but in posters for the US they had grown to a C-cup size , causing much debate among cinema-goers .
Miss Knightley said they were anxious not to be typecast in their Pirates role and took the risk of appearing in the 2005 film Domino as a model turned bounty-hunter .
In an interview in Easy Living magazine the actor , who is dating actor Rupert Friend , tells how they solved the dilemma of nudity required in Domino after being told by director Tony Scott that the role called for their naked bottom to be displayed on screen during a sex scene .
`` I said , 'You can have my t * * s , but you ca n't have my a * * . ' And they were going , ' I just want the * * ; I do n't want the t * * s . '
`` Then one day Tony called me in to their office and there were three very beautiful women standing there completely naked , and I could n't quite take my eyes off bits of them .
`` And they said , 'Which one do you want , then ? ' ''
The actor was being asked to pick a derrière-double . They said : `` I did pick a very beautiful bum . ''
Scroll down for more pictures ...
Slender : Keira Knightley stunned the media with their svelte figure at a 2006 premiere
Jared Fogle Beaten and Bloodied in Prison Yard Ambush
Jared Fogle : Beaten and Bloodied in Prison Yard Ambush
EXCLUSIVE
Jared Fogle got a surprise beatdown in federal prison from an inmate who has major issues with child molesters ... TMZ has learned .
According to docs , Fogle got jumped in the rec yard at Englewood prison in Colorado back on January 29 , and it was not much of a fight . An inmate named Steven Nigg pushed Fogle down and then unloaded a barrage of punches to theirs face .
Nigg , who 's in for a weapons charge , left Fogle with a bloody nose , swollen face and scratches on their neck . 60-year-old Nigg was also injured -- a small cut on their left hand from delivering the whuppin ' . Prison officials put Nigg in solitary as punishment .
We spoke to Nigg 's family and they 're not surprised . We 're told Steven 's pissed because so many child sex predators are housed in the low security facility , and Fogle was just the last straw .
Jared 's attorney had no comment . We do n't wan na say karma , but ... oops .
# BeatFresh
Baratunde Thurston Explains 'How To Be Black '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the author Courtesy of the author
It 's no coincidence that Baratunde Thurston 's new memoir and satirical self-help book How to Be Black was slated for release on the first day of Black History Month .
`` I feel great about that , '' Thurston tells Fresh Air 's Terry Gross . `` I think we have a moment every year in our country where everyone buys black stamps and thinks more explicitly about black people and blackness , so it was a perfect month to release a book on this subject . ''
Thurston , a stand-up comedian and The Onion 's digital director , says that they do n't get as many gigs this month as one might think .
`` There are n't as many black spokespersons to go around , so I 'm happy to play that role from time to time , '' they say . `` But I think this year will probably be a little bigger than years past . ''
That 's because How to Be Black is partially a practical guidebook for anyone looking to befriend or work with a black person , become the next black president or challenge anyone who says they speak for all black people .
But the book is n't just filled with comedic advice . Thurston weaves together their comedy with thoughtful missives about their own education at Sidwell Friends and Harvard University , and their childhood in one of the worst crack-addled neighborhoods in Washington , D.C. Their father was killed in a drug deal when Thurston was 6 . Their mother was what they describe as a `` pan-African hippie type of woman who marched in the streets '' and named them Baratunde as a way to `` get back to Africa . ''
`` My version of being black adheres as much to the stereotypes as it dramatically breaks from them , '' they write in How to Be Black . `` And that 's probably true for most of you reading this : if not about blackness itself , then about something related to your identity . Through my story , I hope to expose you to another side of the black experience while offering practical , comedic advice based on my own painful lessons learned . ''
Baratunde
When Thurston went to school , their teachers shortened their name — which means `` one who is chosen '' in Nigeria — and started calling them `` Barrington . '' They later shortened it to `` Barry . ''
`` Baratunde was a little strange for them , '' they say . `` I was a child and had no freedom , so I was 'Barrington ' and then 'Barry ' and then in 7th grade , it just clicked for me . My name 's Baratunde . It 's a great name . People should call me that . ''
It took some time , but Thurston eventually retrained their classmates to call them Baratunde .
`` People assume there 's a nickname , and they just jump to it , or they say , 'What do people call you for short ? ' And I say 'Baratunde . Just say it faster . It can save you time and be a little bit more efficient if you 're worried about the time . ' ``
Thurston says they often encounter different assumptions based on their name , depending on their audience . Nigerians immediately think he 's from Africa , and then are disappointed to learn that he 's not . The reaction from Americans , meanwhile , is also mixed .
`` American-born black people do n't have that much of a reaction , because American blacks are used to interesting names in our community , '' they say . `` And then from white Americans , it 's the assumption of , 'Well , you have to have a nickname ' or 'What does it mean ? ' Because it has to have some sort of superdeep meaning . So the name for me became a prism , because Baratunde has such a strong sound ... so it signals to people , 'This is definitely not a white dude . Maybe he 's a black dude or an African dude . ' But the reaction from the actual Nigerian community — which is 'You 're not one of us either ' — was a fun thing to experience growing up . ''
Thurston says their name was n't the only indication that they straddled two worlds as a kid . On the weekdays , they attended the private Sidwell Friends School , where they played lacrosse and hockey and hung out with kids whose parents ran the State Department and the World Health Organization . But every Saturday , they attended what they call `` a Hebrew School or Bar Mitzvah for Blackness '' in the Washington neighborhood of Columbia Heights .
`` [ My mother ] enrolled me in a 'Rights of Passage ' program , '' they say . `` Every Saturday morning , we 'd have physical training , we 'd read books like The Isis Papers , and we would dance and do all kinds of cultural and intellectual activities to ground us in what they thought was a more appropriate Africanness in that era ... But even at home , it did n't stop . My mom had this map of Africa on their bedroom wall , and she 'd actually quiz me . ''
Growing Up In Washington , D.C .
Thurston 's mom raised them by themselves after their father was killed . They remember their mother telling them their father was dead after receiving a phone call from the police .
`` I started crying , '' they say . `` And it 's such a strange thing to think about because I know what those words mean now — I 've experienced death as an adult — and hearing those words and having those feelings at 6 , they 're a little different . So I know I had a physical reaction , but it was n't until years later that I fully understood what that meant . ''
Thurston says they remember not being allowed outside at the height of the 1980s crack epidemic in the district .
`` I remember not being allowed to sit on our front stoop , '' they say . `` There was a period of time when that was no longer allowed . I remember not playing outside as much , being told : Go to so-and-so 's house but stay inside . And I also have a very particular memory of watching some of my friends walk down that road [ toward drugs that ] I did n't walk down . ''
Thurston says one family on their street morphed `` almost like that figure of evolution — of the ape hunched over becoming man '' into drug dealers .
`` You could watch the older brother get into the drug business , and then the next one and the next one , and that was the pattern established , '' they say . `` I remember when those guys used to deliver pizza for Domino 's and that was their way of making money ... I remember when those same kids set up a lemonade stand . And then I remember when their jackets got nicer , their boots got nicer and they were selling drugs . That was such a strong memory in my head . ''
In junior high , Thurston moved from Columbia Heights to a suburban black neighborhood in Maryland . The move , once again , made them shift their persona .
`` I think there was a Baratunde from Newton Street [ in Washington , D.C. ] who learned to walk those streets and navigate that world and be very comfortable with all the things happening in the street , and then there was the library-studious high school newspaper Baratunde , and then there was the Black Power 'Tunde that was also going down , '' they say . `` And those worlds often collided . ''
Thurston says they were able to balance their worlds because they were taught `` multiple extremes . '' At Sidwell , they say , the faculty was always trying to find more black faculty members .
`` Meanwhile , in the [ 'Rights of Passage ' program ] it was : Africa did this , Africa did that , and the white man caused this , '' they say . `` And those [ viewpoints ] either cancel each other out or they drive the bearer of both ideas insane . I did n't go insane . So it encouraged me to see the goods in both sides and challenge both perspectives . ''
Interview Highlights
On the term `` Oreo ''
`` It was my first day at Sidwell . A black student who had been at the school for a really long time was assigned to be my buddy and adjust me to the environment . And they asked if I knew what an Oreo was . We were in the first stairwell of the upper-school building , in the southeast corner , I remember all this . And I really thought they were talking about cookies . I said , 'Yeah , it 's the cream-filled cookie from Nabisco . ' And he 's like , 'No , no man . Oreo 's someone who is black on the outside and white on the inside . ' And then they made an example . They pointed to a kid across the way and said , 'That kid 's an Oreo . ' And I did n't know the kid 's name at the time — I saw this nerdy black kid with glasses hanging out with white friends ... And that was the first introduction of this concept , inauthentic blackness because you 're comfortable around whiteness . ''
On judging identity
`` I have an image in my head of the layers of expectations around your identity . At a school like Sidwell , let 's just take the fun fact of a black kid who 's been at Sidwell all their life judging another black kid at Sidwell 's blackness ... Then you take someone like me that would go to Sidwell by day and then go back to my neighborhood and the black kids there , and their judgment of someone like me who goes off to the fancy private school . Initially , it was like : 'Oh , you go to that white school . ' I never got hit with the heavy 'Oh , you think you 're white , ' in part because these kids just knew me . But you will get it from kids who do n't know you . ''
On learning how important it is to have a black friend if you 're a white person , and vice versa
`` A lot of white people like black people . They buy hip-hop , they watch black athletic and sports figures , and it 's superpopular — from jazz through hip-hop . Having a black friend is a mark of progressive success as a white person . And the black person is usually seen as their asset . It 's like : I 'm cooler by proxy . ... What black people get in the white community [ is having ] a covert operative behind enemy lines . You have a trusted source who can shuttle information back and forth . It 's like the Cold War . It 's a back channel that prevents race wars from blowing up . So if your white friend has a question about something , they can ask you , their trusted black friend , and you can feed them real or false information , depending on your purposes , but they do n't have to make an assumption or a leap that ends up in a more awkward , more public moment . ''
On hate-tweeting Twilight
`` I hate the franchise . I think it is bad for America and little girls . You basically got this stalker vampire who 's basically abusing this low self-esteem child , and that is hailed as a great image of love and respect . Because I have read the books and suffered through them , I wanted to prevent others from falling into that same fate . So on opening weekend , I go to the theater , I sit in the back to not disturb people , and I live-hate-tweet the film . And that just means I tweet in real-time with hate . I absolutely disdain this franchise . So I 'm describing the storyline through my eyes and what the story really means , and it 's proved very popular . And most importantly , I 've prevented people from spending their hard-earned money . ''
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - NATO and its allies will hold their biggest military exercise in more than a decade from October , deploying 36,000 personnel across the Mediterranean to counter the threat of Islamic State on the alliance 's southern flank .
A NATO AWACS ( Airborne Warning and Control Systems ) aircraft is seen on the tarmac as it prepares to take-off for a training mission from the AWACS air base in Geilenkirchen near the German-Dutch border April 16 , 2014 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/Files
Briefly turning attention away from Russia , NATO commanders said on Wednesday the alliance would carry out some of its toughest training yet in a complex “ artificial threat scenario ” in which militants attack on land , from the air and at sea .
“ We can not choose between the eastern threat and the southern threat , we have to train for both , ” said General Hans-Lothar Domrose , commander of the NATO military command in Brunssum , the Netherlands , who is preparing the exercise .
After more than a decade of NATO-led combat operations in Afghanistan , the U.S.-led military alliance is shifting to defend its territory .
More than 30 countries - including non-NATO nations such as Sweden and Austria - will take part in the exercises in Italy , Spain , Portugal and in the Mediterranean from Oct. 3 to Nov. 6 .
Much of NATO 's focus has been on what it sees as an increasingly hostile Russia , but the rise of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is a central concern . NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg has warned the Arab Spring uprisings have ushered in a “ brutal winter ” of instability .
NATO has not held exercises on this scale since 2002 , when 15 members of the alliance and 12 partner nations tested their capabilities in Norway and Poland .
Asked what had changed since then , Domrose said NATO had to grapple with enemies spreading propaganda via social media able to inspire attacks in North America and Europe , as well confronting militant groups across wide areas .
“ Distance is a new factor . We will be working in a huge training area , ” Domrose said . “ We will focus on speed , on multiple threats , simultaneously . ”
The exercises are part of NATO 's commitment to a new “ spearhead ” rapid reaction force including several thousand soldiers who could be sent to a hotspot in just two days .
Given the migration crisis in the Mediterranean , with thousands of people fleeing war and poverty in Syria and North Africa to try to reach Europe , NATO commanders also promised to react if migrant boats were spotted near their exercises .
“ If there is a crisis in the vicinity of one of our ships ... we will stop the exercise and give humanitarian help , ” Domrose said . “ We will not let people die . ”
Coincidence ? Neilson Barnard/Getty Images
We 'll skip the Hamilton puns for once and get straight to the news : Just a week after being harshly criticized by President-elect and soon-to-be theater critic–in–chief Donald Trump , Hamilton broke ( yet another ) record , bringing in more money in a single week than any Broadway show in history . The musical grossed $ 3.3 million for its eight performances last week , according to the New York Times , beating out the record previously set by Wicked in 2013 .
You may not have been following the feud between a man who will soon have the nuclear codes and a Broadway show that contains the actual lyric “ I 'm a general . Whee ! ” so let 's recap : Last Friday , Vice President–elect Mike Pence was booed by audience members while attending a performance of Hamilton , and at the curtain call , actor Brandon Victor Dixon , the show 's current Aaron Burr , read a statement expressing the cast 's concerns about the upcoming administration . Trump expressed their displeasure on Twitter ( naturally ) , calling for the “ rude ” cast to apologize and attacking the show itself as “ overrated. ” This led some Trump supporters to call for a boycott of the musical .
Depending on your point of view , it 's either extremely easy or extremely difficult to boycott something that is already as exclusive as Hamilton . ( Tickets for Lin-Manuel Miranda 's last performance in July sold for thousands of dollars on the secondary market . ) What are you going to do , not buy a ticket for a show that it 's already impossible to get tickets for ? But Hamilton saw the value of its premium tickets , which vary according to demand , actually rise last week , with some seats going for $ 998—and that 's just the official box office value .
That boost is n't necessarily an endorsement of the show itself or any particular jab at boycotters , since tickets are sold way in advance and the record coincided with a holiday weekend . Still , Trump supporters must be feeling pretty—yeah , I 'll say it—helpless .
Rodrigo Duarte is meandering in the basement of their store in Newark , New Jersey — a treasure cave filled with hundreds of golden and ruby-red sausages , chorizos , and hams — smelling a loin cured for six months , checking the density of an entire leg of ham , when they stop and points to a scar on one of the fingers of their right hand .
“ I got this one when I was 12 years old , ” the 36-year-old Duarte says . “ I had been working at the butcher shop for one year , doing all the work the older men did n't want to do , like cleaning a cow 's head , when I cut my finger . I got five stitches . ”
Born in Cantanhede , in central Portugal , Duarte started working as a kid to help support their large family of nine siblings . More than 25 years later , they are the only U.S. producer of pata negra or jamon ibérico , the ham made from black Iberian pigs , a traditional breed native to the Iberian peninsula . Many connoisseurs of cured ham believe it to be the best in the world – rivaling its more famous Italian cousin , prosciutto di Parma .
“ Family , friends , everyone called me crazy when I said I wanted to bring semen and raise these pigs in America , ” they recall . “ They 'd say : ‘ If no one is doing it , it 's because it does n't work . There 's no money to make there . ' ”
Then they gaze at one of the hams , with its taut golden skin and its black feet tied with a rope to the ceiling , and says : “ This is a natural cured pata negra. ” They pause , then says : “ At $ 399 a pound , this one sells for $ 8,000 . ”
A life 's work
Duarte was 8 years old when they first killed a pig .
In rural Portugal , the killing of the animal , called matança , was a true celebration that lasted an entire day , sometimes a full weekend . Extended family and friends would get together and , to the accompaniment of someone playing the guitar , butcher the pig , store the best cuts and use every single last piece of the animal to make a variety of sausages . “ It 's not that I had any desire to kill it , ” Duarte says . “ I just wanted very much to be part of that tradition . ”
After several years at the butcher shop , Duarte went to study at the Tourism and Hospitality Management School of Lisbon , and returned to Cantanhede to open their own business . “ I had almost no money to invest , so when the business did n't turn around a profit quickly I was in trouble , ” they remember . When they related their hardships to a fellow countryman who was an immigrant in the U.S. and a top manager at the Portuguese-owned chain of supermarkets “ Seabra , ” the man suggested they move to the U.S. and work for them .
Duarte landed in Newark in 2004 and , for two years , was in charge of the butcher shop and charcuterie at one of Seabra 's supermarkets in the city , which has a sizable Portuguese population . They then moved to Kings Super Markets , in Short Hills , for the same job . The Portuguese community in the state had been producing their own traditional sausages for a long time , but , Duarte says , the process “ had become very industrialized , too concerned with mass production , and quality had declined. ” In 2006 , they used all of their and their wife 's savings to open a business . They called it “ Caseiro e Bom , ” homemade and good .
Duarte had to stay at Kings for several more years , until their business became profitable , so every afternoon they would leave their job and work another shift . “ I always seasoned and prepared all of our sausages . There were many nights with barely any sleep . ”
Starting off with a handful of Portuguese standards , like chorizo and blood sausage , they were very soon traveling to Portugal to learn more from their mother and aunts . They traveled all over the country looking for traditional recipes , meeting elders along the way , from Trás-os-Montes in the north to Alentejo in the south , and asking them to share their secrets . “ That 's when I started thinking about sharing all this knowledge , ” they explain . “ When you are this passionate about what you do , like I am , it 's almost incontrollable that you want to share it . ”
It 's during school hours on a weekday , but through the window you can see teenagers smoking on a corner . Duarte shares some details of the partnership they are preparing with a local school , where he 'll teach kids at risk . “ It may not be as glamorous a job as being a lawyer or a doctor , but it 's a respectable job , where you can make a decent living . I think we can keep some of these kids off the streets . ”
A fat secret
Soon after opening their shop in 2006 , Duarte had clients from all over New Jersey and New York . Some clients even drove from Connecticut , New Hampshire and Massachusetts . It was time to start working on their dream : to sell pata negra , the nutty , earthy , fruity ham whose import to the U.S. , until 2007 , was prohibited .
But Duarte did n't plan on merely importing it . “ I wanted to make it myself , ” they explain . Bringing live animals into the U.S. , was not a possibility at the time , so they worked with a laboratory in Alentejo to import semen to the U.S. and breed some pigs . After some tests , they discovered that the animals were 85 percent genetically ibérico . They had passed a crucial test : you can use crossbred pigs to make pata negra , just as long as they are at least 50 percent ibérico .
Duarte raises the animals on a farm in New Jersey , according to the traditional method : Fattened on barley and maize , the pigs are allowed to roam freely in pastures to feed on grass , herbs and acorns . They even import some of their food , like the acorns , from Portugal .
Since 2008 , they have only produced 10 of those precious $ 8,000 hams , using a natural curing process , but every year they sell around 300 of the normal cured ones , for around $ 2,000 apiece . Right now , they can only raise around 80 of these animals a year . “ But I 'm taking the steps to increase production , ” they say , without offering any more details .
Their company now offers around 150 different charcuterie products . Despite being at the same location in the Ironbound , the building went through a $ 400,000 renovation a couple of years ago and Duarte says he 's planning the construction of a much larger facility . Still , they say , it 's not about the money . “ It 's important to make money , especially in this country , especially when you 're an immigrant , but this is not why I do it , ” they say . “ I am just so passionate about this . ”
They talk at length about the pigs ' meat : “ It 's so delicious , healthy , with a richer , sweeter flavor. ” About the curing process : “ I use less salt than other low-end hams , so the risk of ruining the meat is bigger , but you gain a lot in the complexity of flavor. ” And about their never-ending list of creations , like Port wine sausages with Iberian pig meat , chocolate truffles with its bacon , or the terrines he 's creating to participate in the Charcuterie Masters competition , happening at Flushing Town Hall in Queens , this Saturday . “ This has been my whole life , ” they say . “ I 'm still in my 30s , but I have over 25 years in this business . This is my life 's passion . ”
They get carried away , and decides they ca n't hold back anymore . They have to share a secret . After years of paperwork and thousands of dollars spent in taxes and fees , a small revolution is gaining weight in an undisclosed location in Alentejo : 10 purebred black Iberian pigs are under quarantine . Soon , they 'll arrive at JFK International Airport , where they 'll be held under quarantine for another 40 days . Then , Duarte will be able to take them to their farm in New Jersey , where the treasured animal , many centuries after being brought across the Mediterranean to the Iberian peninsula by Phoenician traders , will finally discover the new world .
It has been a whirlwind of a week for Kings fans and the Sacramento Kings relocation story in general .
We reported first in this saga that ‘ Kings to Seattle ' was not a done deal , as sources close to negotiations told us there were many hurdles for the deal to clear , and that Sacramento had multiple , qualified buyers that could either meet or beat Chris Hansen 's offer .
This has played out over the last 24 hours as multiple buyer groups have stepped up in Sacramento to buy the Kings , including a group that is connected to Ron Burkle .
In terms of the math and money , as we reported in September the reason Sacramento has a shot against top-tier owner prospects such as Seattle 's Hansen and billionaire deluxe Steve Ballmer is that they do n't have to pay as much for the team .
Anybody moving the team will have to account for at least $ 100 million in unpaid loans to Sacramento ( ~ $ 75 million ) and relocation fees ( ~ $ 30 million ) , and this is a very low estimate . That number increases as you account for moving costs , and the fact that the relocation fee could be more than $ 30 million . We 're reporting that this number could go as high as $ 300 million if the league really wants to flex its muscles in getting what it wants .
Our report Thursday estimated a $ 425-450 million price tag for Sacramento to hit in order to start outperforming Seattle 's offer . Sam Amick of USA Today was able to confirm with Sacramento mayor Kevin Johnson at their charity event that this was indeed the city 's initial target , and also that the mayor would be approaching David Stern to speak at the NBA 's Board of Governors meeting .
In a moment of levity at that charity event , attendee LeBron James was asked by Johnson if they could buy the Kings and keep them in Sacramento and they responded with , “ get me my check book . ”
LeBron is n't going to have to reach far because Sacramento buyers have been making themselves known over the past 24 hours . Mark Mastrov , former CEO of 24-Hour Fitness and San Francisco investment firm JMA Ventures have thrown their hats in the ring .
JMA Ventures is proposing to buy the team and build a $ 400 million downtown arena where a downtown mall they recently purchased currently sits . CBS 13 's Steve Large reports that group includes Darius Anderson , who is the same man that connected mayor Johnson to Ron Burkle .
According to sources there are more interested buyers being filtered through the process , too . The Sacramento market is all-but rubber stamped with $ 200 million or more of public investment toward a new arena and has an extreme level of fan support . Being the No . 20 television market does n't hurt , but having no other sports teams to compete with is what puts it in the same category as a larger market like Seattle , which has the Seahawks , Mariners , and Sounders to steal entertainment dollars .
In Sacramento , all they have is the Kings .
Assuming Hansen and their group do n't want to start acting like the drunk guy at an auction , then the NBA is going to be choosing between two similar offers . The owners in Sacramento might not be Ballmer-rich , but Burkle was good enough to drop David Stern 's jaw and Mastrov finished second to Joe Lacob 's group in Golden State , ahead of Larry Ellison .
The NBA is n't picking between steak and chopped liver , here .
But if for some reason they do n't let California 's capitol city have a shot here , and they allow the team to be moved to Seattle , then the NBA will be the ones left holding the Sacramento 's beating heart after the Maloofs rip it out of their convulsing chest .
Charles Barkley said it best on TNT :
“ I 've always like the Maloof brothers , but they 've screwed this thing up royally . All these teams try to screw these cities , that 's what the deal is . I do n't think it 's right for all poor people to build these cities all these major stadiums year after year . Every ‘ x ' amount of years , they screw the fans and the taxpayers and make them build them bigger stadiums and bigger stadiums and bigger stadiums . I think these owners are worth so much money … does a city benefit ? Of course a city benefits . But this thing in all sports been screwing these fans for the last 30 years , moving from city to city . Because those people in Sacramento , those were some of the best fans in the world . They screwed Seattle because they would n't give them a new arena , and those fans in Seattle were amazing . But this is all about the owners just being greedy and screwing these fans . ”
We 've reported the NBA 's billion dollar subsidy issue here for nearly two years now , as the league and its players have received over $ 3 billion in public funds for arenas since 1990 .
This happens because the league and its owners pit cities against one another with threats of relocation if a city does n't pay up for an arena , but in the case of Sacramento they did everything they could and then some according to multiple league sources .
One league source with intimate knowledge of the situation called it “ a model offer of public funds . ”
The league is walking dangerously close to the line in which people get fed up and they start to lose those subsidies they love dearly . In Seattle , yes their own politicians screwed up and were culpable in the matter , but the league 's underhandedness and heartlessness was brought to life in the documentary Sonicsgate . It 's not pretty .
But unlike that story that was told after the fact , the saga in Sacramento is playing out in real-time . The NBA media is getting constant updates on their Twitter feed about the incompetent , despicable Maloof family and how they 're leaving the house in worse condition than they found it .
This twisted tale is filtering all the way down to the fans , and when Charles Barkley talks about the deplorable business tactics of the NBA on TNT the cat is out of the bag .
This is n't just league insider talk anymore , it 's coffee talk .
If the Kings leave Sacramento , it will transcend sport . The story of Sacramento Kings fans , arena workers , and the like will make the morning talk show rounds , ultimately culminating in a national discussion about the role of public money in professional sports .
Seattle — a victim of the system – is excited that their Sonics might be coming home , but the mere exercise of having to replace the team that was stolen from them is a trying experience .
And even if they can secure an NBA team , some Sonics fans are having trouble with their own moral relativism .
For years they 've railed on the NBA for stealing their team and now they 're trying to steal Sacramento 's team . They 're slowly understanding what it means to have that blood on their hands , and many Seattleites are already speaking out saying the juice is n't worth the squeeze – especially when they know they stand a very good chance of getting a team down the road under more moral circumstances .
Unlike the Oklahoma City fans that can point at Seattle 's politicians and argue that they slept on the job – Seattle fans have no such target . Kevin Johnson has moved mountains to keep this team while the Maloof family ca n't get out of their own way .
Besides wanting to move the team since they purchased it and ruining every arena deal the city tried to create in good faith , the Maloofs sold profitable businesses to build a pipe dream casino a mile off the strip in Vegas and it led to their downfall .
Rather than atoning for their financial mistakes , the Maloofs have dragged the league through embarrassment after embarrassment through the years , all because they can not afford to own an NBA team .
Every subsequent episode is their worst one and the shenanigans come with increasing frequency , as just Friday night a report surfaced that their Palms Casino was getting popped with a $ 1 million fine for a prostitution and cocaine ring ( no word if the price of the Kings just went up ) .
This is n't a case of Sacramento not deserving the team , or not having the wherewithal to keep the team , but rather a case of a Maloof family that makes Antoine Walker look like Warren Buffett .
Sacramento has been paying for this Maloofery for years , and nobody is comfortable with an indecent proposal leaving Kevin Johnson at the altar . Not Stern , not Seattle , and probably not Gavin and Joe Maloof — whose love of Sacramento has been trumped by brotherly grudges and family needs .
It 's against this twisted backdrop that sources close to the situation believe Sacramento has a chance , and some sources believe they are actually favored to keep their team . I happen to share that belief .
Once again it all comes back to the NBA . They can tell the Maloofs what to do here . If the offers between the cities are close , they can decline the move to Seattle and force the Maloofs to take them to court in an antitrust case if they do n't like it . There , the league can show a laundry list of claims that show the Maloofs are putting the league 's subsidy industry at tremendous risk by selling to Hansen .
After all , what city or politician can sell their constituents on making a long-term investment in the NBA when Sacramento did everything a city could to protect their investment and got told to kick rocks .
Also in the NBA 's arsenal would be the asupervisorstioned increased relocation fee up to $ 300 million , and if push comes to shove David Stern can remove the family from the league using the ‘ best interest of the league ' clause .
Regardless of what some of their intermediaries might like you to think , the Maloofs are n't going to wade too far into those waters .
With the family 's debt to the league upwards of $ 127 million and as high as $ 217 million by some reports , and their financial situation a total mess , they 're bringing a whoopee cushion to a gun fight if they want to go to court . And if they do , they wo n't have the law on their side unless Hansen can drastically overpay for the franchise , giving the Maloofs the argument that the league is costing them significant money by forcing them to sell to Sacramento .
Even then , the cash-strapped and beleaguered Maloofs would still have to win that battle in court .
Looking outside the courtroom and toward the league office , there has been a lot of talk about the wrongs that David Stern wants to ‘ right ' in Seattle , and how they want to remove that inscription from their tombstone .
You ca n't cross out Seattle 's name and simply write in Sacramento 's and change your legacy . We all learned in kindergarten that two wrongs do n't make a right .
But that 's not what 's really at stake here .
As usual it comes down to the money , and with all things equal in this case the threat of killing the public subsidy goose will be the tiebreaker .
With Kevin Johnson 's legitimate , comparable offer from more-than-reputable buyers in hand , the NBA will have to both look a gift horse in the mouth and sanction Sacramento 's open-heart surgery if they move the team to Seattle .
And if they do , it 's going to leave a mark . A $ 3 billion mark .
And unless you 're the Golden State Warriors that 's not good for business .
One step at a time
I 've reiterated often in this guide moving to ultralight backpacking does n't have to be all-or-nothing . Instead of diving in at the deep end , seriously consider taking a step-by-step approach . Focus on one aspect of your gear at a time . This way you will be able to safely transition to lighter techniques , without going out with a full kit of untested gear .
You could pick any item in your pack as a starting point – stoves , clothes , hydration , first aid – but a more effective place to start is by addressing one of the `` big three '' items .
In part one , we looked at the three for three concepts : getting your three core items – your backpack , your sleep system , and your shelter – all under 3kg in total . Start by changing to a lighter weight version of any one of these three items and you 'll immediately be losing a considerable amount of weight .
However , rather than just randomly picking one as a starting point , let 's give some thought to the implications and roll-on effects of choosing each one .
Where to begin ?
Ultralight backpacks , as well as being lighter , are typically smaller . If you are transitioning from heavy to light gear , then you 'll need to make sure all your old kit fits inside ; if you have a lot of larger , heavier hear , it can take up a lot of space and put a strain on a lighter pack .
Probably the most attractive route is to swap your old , heavy tent for an ultralight shelter . This is , after all , where you will most likely see the greatest weight reduction . But if you 're planning on switching from a hardcore , two-wall behemoth to a flighty little single-wall tarp , you need to be sure that the rest of your existing gear is up to the challenge of coping with the different conditions you 'll experience , i.e . more exposure and condensation .
Perhaps the easiest and safest starting point is your sleep system , and making the move to a lighter sleeping bag , or even quilt . Sure , it 's less exciting than all those sexy shelters , but it 's a low risk place to start reducing weight . You can use a new quilt can in your existing tent , with no negative impact . Its smaller size and lower weight will make a noticeable difference compared to what you might normally use . And if you plump ( ah , the puns keep coming ) for a good quality fluffy down quilt , it will last for many years to come .
After you 've got a new lightweight bag , you can more easily move on to the shelter . With that pair sorted , and perhaps with a smaller stove and pot , you 'll easily be able to fit your new kit into one of those lovely ultralight backpacks .
Doctor Sleep
When you 're shopping around for a new ultralight sleeping bag or quilt , you want to plan ahead for using it in a single-wall shelter . While condensation in tarps and 'mids is n't the thing of nightmares traditional marketing would have you believe , you 'll want to keep your sleeping bag dry , especially if its filled with down .
There are two ways to do this : buy a bag that uses at least water-resistant outer materials , and ideally waterproof-breathable materials in critical areas ( feet/shoulder ) , or buy a waterproof/breathable bivy bag to put the sleeping bag inside . This will prevent the bag from getting very wet shoudl it brushes against the sides of your shelter .
As for down vs. synthetic , the gap between these two is drawing closer every day . Modern synthetic materials are lite and warm . The upsides of down are greater compressibility and longer life . The upsides of synthetic are its continued warmth-giving when wet , and price .
Sleeping Recommendations :
Synthetic quilt :
As Tucas Sestrals Quilt - Smart design from an EU UL cottage
€170 - 475 g / 16.7 oz - should be good down to 0ºC
Down quilt :
GoLite Unisex Z30 - a classic introductory down quilt - but it sells out fast
$ 300 - 615g /1lb 6oz - good to 0ºC ( but that 's probably generous )
Sleeping bags ( if you do n't like quilts ) :
Western Mountaineering HighLite - it 's a classic for a reason
$ 330 - 455 g / 16 oz - good to 2ºC / 35 º F
Remember to also get a decent sleeping pad , and if needed , a bivy bag . For a more detailed look at bags and pads and bivy bags , see part 4 .
Pad and Bivy Recommendations :
NeoAir XLite - A light pad , warm enough for most three-season use , and widely available ( EU )
$ 160 - 340g / 12 oz
Katabatic Gear Bristlecone Bivy - The ultimate UL bivy bag
$ 150 - 215g / 7.6oz
Alpkit Hunka - the budget UL bivy bag
£45 - 500g / 17.6 oz
Pack it in
For a starter UL backpack , I would recommend not getting the lightest you can possibly buy . Instead , look for one with enough volume to carry the rest of your existing gear , and try to find one with some kind of minimal internal frame ( or stay ) to add stability under heavier loads . Check out some of the options highlighted in part 2 .
Pack recommendations :
Gossamer Gear Mariposa - Voluminous enough for plenty of gear , sturdy enough to carry a decent load , and it wo n't break the bank .
$ 235 - 800g / 28 oz
GoLite Jam - a true classic , and a great pack the the new ultralighter . Also now available in the EU
$ 110 - 840g / 29 oz for a 50l version . Larger 70l size also available .
Helter Shelter
If you 're ready to take the leap into an ultralight shelter , you need to think about where you 'll be hiking , and what you are ready to cope with . I would recommend starting with a shelter that offers at least some protection from rain and wind in all directions ; i.e. , not a simple rectangular tarp . If you want to ease yourself into ultralight , allow yourself the safety and comfort of a shelter that will do exactly that : shelter you . There are numerous examples in part 3 , but below you 'll find my recommendations for newbies .
Shelter recommendations :
Mountain Laurel Designs DuoMid - the classic do-it-all UL shelter ; copied by many for a reason
$ 215 - 567g / 20 oz in Silnylon . Check out OookWorks for some nice inners .
GoLite SL3 - the best option for shared shelter , with an inner included .
$ 299 - 1967g / 69 oz ( including inner , so share the weight and it 's under 1kg/person ) . Now available again in EU , and in another form from Nigor .
Luxe SilHexpeak - a new Mid-plus-inner for the budget conscious ultralighter
€190 - 1255g / 44oz ( including inner ) . Skip the inner and you get a cross between an SL3 and a TrailStar under 700g .
Easton 8 '' ( Blue ) Stakes - Much stronger than your average stake , and advisable for the extra tension needed in a Mid .
$ 11 for four - 12 g / 0.43 oz each - you can get away with the 4 '' stakes for the mid panels , and reduce weight more .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture said Thursday it will spend $ 30 million this year on forest restoration projects in 12 states to reduce the threat of wildfires , protect water quality and improve wildlife habitat for at-risk species .
Those first 13 projects will be the start of a multi-year initiative to improve the health of forests and watersheds on public and private lands , Agriculture Undersecretary Robert Bonnie said .
With longer fire seasons in recent years burning more areas , and beetle outbreaks devastating more than 40 million acres of forests in the West , the pace and scale of restoration need to be increased , they said .
The work must extend to helping private landowners thin their trees , remove brush , protect habitat and improve watersheds along their properties , Bonnie said .
`` If we only worked on our national forests , it would n't be enough to address this problem , '' they said .
Money to work with private landowners will come from the farm bill Congress passed this week , and the Forest Service will use its own funds to work on adjacent public lands .
The Alliance for the Wild Rockies , a nonprofit that has filed several lawsuits to block logging projects in national forests in the Northern Rockies , was skeptical about the plan .
Logging wo n't help reduce wildfire risks or protect watersheds because areas thinned of trees allow the wind to blow through more easily , which could spread flames more quickly , executive director Mike Garrity said .
The money would be better used by helping landowners in wildland-urban interface areas remove trees and other fuels around their homes , they said .
`` If they are going to go out and log around the forests , that 's a complete waste of money and it 's corporate welfare for the timber industry , '' Garrity said .
One of the first projects will be an $ 865,000 restoration of the watershed that provides most of the drinking water for Montana 's capital city of Helena . City officials have feared a wildfire in the mountains outside the city could disrupt the water supply system and runoff could taint the water .
Another project will involve reducing forest fuels over 30,000 acres in parts of California 's San Bernardino and Riverside counties that were devastated by wildfires in 2003 .
The initiative , called the Chiefs ' Joint Landscape Restoration Partnership , will be run by the agriculture department 's Forest Service and Natural Resources Conservation Service .
The effort , along with the Forest Service 's Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program , is part of a broader effort to beef up restoration by working with local governments , landowners , environmental groups and others with a stake in the health of forests , Bonnie said .
The new initiative is part of President Barack Obama 's climate action plan to cut carbon pollution and slow the effects of climate change , USDA officials said .
As carbon emissions increase , healthy forests are needed to counter those effects , Bonnie said .
Other projects include :
- Creating fuel breaks , thinning trees and improving the fire suppression infrastructure in the Middle Klamath River area of California .
- Reforesting , reducing hazardous fuels and controlling invasive species at the Mississippi River headwaters in Minnesota .
- Improving the quality of drinking water for New Hampshire residents served by private wells .
- Treating wildfire-affected areas in New Mexico to protect water quality and supply .
- Reducing forest fuels on the east face of Oregon 's Elkhorn Mountains , the habitat of several species of threatened fish .
- Restoring woodlands and watersheds in western Arkansas , with the aim of doubling the conservation activity on private lands within three years .
- Restarting a postponed project to restore Mississippi 's Upper Black Creek watershed , which is threatened by dumping , sewage runoff and invasive species .
- Reducing the risk of wildfire in Kentucky 's Triplett Creek watershed .
- Improving water supply and outdoor recreation in West Virginia 's Potomac River watershed .
- Collaborating with governments , landowners and Indian tribes to restore eight watersheds in Wisconsin that feed Lake Superior .
- Building buffers along New York 's Susquehanna and Chemung rivers to stem the effects of agriculture , erosion and development .
This is my view on how programmers ( or obnoxious programmers like me ) should be managed . Almost all of these things are based on my personal experience , especially learning from the mistakes made by management .
Everybody knows that programmers are probably the hardest people to manage , because the way they work is so different from the norm . The things that are important to them are not usually important to business people and vice versa . Programmers are also delicate little creatures that remember every single mistake managers make .
I have seen numerous cases of mismanagement that it really raises the question whose fault is it ? I would say that the finger can almost always be pointed at the upper management and in some organizations at the HR . It 's their job to pick the best managers to manage programmers .
If you are making management decisions in a software company , you have to know your personnel . Many companies are managed by sales and business people , and they have no idea how to manage programmers , because they do n't know what it 's like to be a programmer .
Usually the best companies , for programmers to work in , were founded by programmers and most of the upper management are former programmers themselves . If your upper management consists of business people , I will bet that they will drive most of the programmer crazy with their stupid decisions .
I do realize that the most important goal of every single company is to make money , but at what cost ? One buzzword in today 's economical situations is cost cutting . Companies try to save a little money here and there , but they might not realize that cost cutting can actually do more harm than good . Make enough stupid cost cutting decisions , and your best programmers will go work for a company that does not make stupid decisions to save a few cents here and there .
If you are any kind of manager in a software company , follow these simple instructions and you will earn programmers ' respect .
Read Peopleware , again , and again
There should n't be any managers in software companies that have n't read Peopleware . The basic principles how to manage programmers are timeless . I do n't have a lot respect for managers , if they have n't read this book . Instead of spending thousands of dollars in so-called management training , every single company should buy a copy of this book for every single employee in the company . You simply should n't be allowed to be a manager , unless you have read this book .
Do n't treat programmers like second-class citizens
Example : One company had this big gala to reward all the best sales people and support people . There was free food and drinks , and stupid awards . Pretty much everyone including the managers of programmers were invited , except the programmers themselves . Programmers do not care that much about awards , but I have never seen a programmer turn down free food and drinks .
Do n't treat programmers like they are all the same
There is a huge variance in productivity between programmers , but not necessarily in their salaries . The best sales people make the most money , because it is easy to measure their sales , but companies are reluctant to pay the most productive programmers what they are actually worth .
Of course , measuring programmers ' productivity is really hard , but when someone is a lot more productive than others , it is actually pretty obvious . In what kind of system the most productive programmer , who is clearly at least two times more productive than the other programmers , gets a pay check , which is at most 20 percent bigger ?
Do n't try to impress them with your business bullshit
Most programmers do n't care how you run the company , as long as it does n't affect their work too much . If you try to push your business lingo down their throat , they will laugh at you . Probably not out loud , but once the programmers get back to their caves , they will rip you apart . Things like this makes you lose all credibility in the eyes of the programmers .
Do n't waste their time
There are so many ways to waste programmers ' time . Basically anything that does not involve development related tasks makes programmers feel like they are wasting their time . Programmers want to spend their days programming , if you do n't let them do this , they will find another job , where they can actually program .
Meetings are the worst time wasters of them all . You should carefully think before inviting programmers to meetings . Is the meeting really worth of disrupting the programmer 's work flow for multiple hours or possibly the whole day ? Most programmers should only take part in design meetings and those are not really meetings in the traditional sense ; they are more like interactive design sessions .
You , as a manager , should shield programmers from every useless company event that will disrupt their ability to do their job . Programmers will respect the manager who goes the extra mile to let them do their jobs .
Do n't make their work any harder
Their work is already pretty hard . It does n't help , if they have to go through bureaucratic loops and holes to be able to do their job . It does not make any sense that they might not have the access to some integral parts of their job , e.g. , source code .
If bureaucratic things and environment restrictions prevent programmers from doing their job properly , their productivity will drop , because they are wasting their time doing stuff they do n't want to do .
Do n't treat them like numbers in a spreadsheet
Programmers are not numbers in a spreadsheet . I have seen too many cases of management by Excel . People are moved around in a spreadsheet to match resources and work load . It just does n't work like that . Another mandatory book for managers is The Mythical Man-Month .
First of all , programmers can not be moved to other projects to make the project finish faster , if the project has been going on for a while already . The bigger problem is that programmers usually do n't like to be moved around like pieces in a chess game . I have seen situations , where management have tried to force moving programmers around without asking them , and the results have been less than flattering for the management .
Do n't ignore their opinions
When programmers open their mouth , they usually have something important to say . Bullshitting is something that is more common to sales people than it is to programmers . Programmers are usually quite smart and ignoring their opinions is a recipe for failure . They know what they are talking about . You , as a manager , have to listen to them and let them know that you will value their opinions and show that their opinions truly matter .
If programmers are not listened to , they will not share their opinions anymore and that is not good for anyone . It 's their job to know the ins and outs of technical issues , and ignoring their knowledge is just stupid management . Most programmers do n't want to work for employees that do not value their opinions .
Do n't ignore their efforts
The difference in productivity between programmers can be huge . Even the same programmer can have huge variance in productivity , if their efforts are ignored for too long . Why should anyone bust their ass off and write more quality software than anyone else , if their efforts are completely ignored ? They will get the same salary and perks , even if they only works at 25 percent effort , because he 's still getting more stuff done than the rest of the programmers .
Ignore programmers ' efforts long enough , and you will not have any productive programmers to manage . If your company aims at being mediocre , then it 's fine to ignore their efforts , but if your company actually wants to make a difference , do something to acknowledge the achievements of your programmers .
Do n't ignore their requests
Programmers do n't need many things to do their job . A computer with a monitor or two , a proper keyboard , and a mouse are usually enough . If a programmer wants another monitor , give it to him . If they want a solid-state drive , you better find a way to fit it into the budget . If they want a couple of books , you should be happy that your programmer wants to learn new things and every company should support that .
Saving money on the things that are essential for the programmer to do their job is brain dead . Programmers do n't spend a lot company 's money and the last place you want to save is on programmers ' tools . Do n't do it , unless you want to alienate your programmers and watch them go to work for someone with proper budget for hardware and software .
Do n't ever lie to them
Be honest . If you make a mistake , admit it . Programmers respect managers , who will admit their mistakes . They have no respect for managers who make bad decisions and then try to put the blame on the programmers . If you are honest , you will show that you are also a human and programmers can relate to you better , otherwise they think you are drinking some vampire blood in your ivory tower .
If you lie to them and they find it out , they will never respect you or listen to you anymore . You lied to them once , why should they believe you ever again ? There is no turning back . Be a man and give your position to someone who actually tells the truth to their employees .
Do n't try to fool them with your limited technical knowledge
Most managers are not as technically gifted as the programmers , ergo they are managers . If you belong to this group , do not try to impress the programmers with your technical skills . Good programmers will smell a fake from miles away . Admit that your technical skills are not on the same level , and let them make the decisions about technical issues . You can give your input , but often it is best to keep your mouth shut , unless you are certain that you are the export on the subject .
A Seattle man accused of disabling a woman 's wheelchair and sexually assaulting them before passing out in their apartment has been charged with rape .
King County prosecutors say Arman Majed raped their neighbor on the evening of Jan. 14 . Majed , 18 , is alleged to have then fallen asleep in the woman 's apartment , leaving them trapped with them overnight .
Writing the court , a Seattle Police Department detective said Majed forced their way into the woman 's Central District apartment . They then threatened them with a knife , the detective said , and disabled their electric wheelchair .
The woman is described as having developmental disabilities as well as physical issues that require them to use the wheelchair . They were unable to leave the apartment without it .
Recounting the woman 's description of events , the detective said Majed raped them while recording the attack on a cell phone . They then took drugs and fell asleep on their bed after deactivating their phone , the detective continued .
Majed was discovered the following morning when the woman 's caregiver arrived for the day , according to charging papers . They were arrested at the scene and is alleged to have told police they `` wo n't do it again . ''
Majed has now been charged with second-degree rape . They remain jailed on $ 200,000 bail .
View photos
On January 10 , 1999 , a bathrobe-clad Tony Soprano first bent over to pick up a Star-Ledger in their driveway — and TV changed forever . We 're celebrating this new Golden Age of Television by paying tribute to our favorite TV characters who 've debuted since The Sopranos premiered . No reality TV here , folks : just the 99 richest , most fascinating fictional characters from both comedies and dramas to grace the small screen over the past decade and a half . We love TV… and these people are the reason why .
9 . Tami Taylor , Friday Night Lights
View photos
It 's a little weird to talk about Tami without their other half , Eric , because part of what makes both characters so great is how they interact with each other . But for herself , Tami deserves their spot on this list for their unbending loyalty to their husband , children , and students ; the staunch integrity they show against bullying boosters and close-minded parents ; and the strength of mind and heart to ask for their turn after years of being Mrs. Coach . Plus , nobody has better hair , and they can throw back wine like nobody 's business . She 's a keeper , y'all . — Kelly Woo
8 . Tyrion Lannister , Game of Thrones
View photos
An underdog that would cut your throat for even suggesting they were an underdog , Tyrion was raised in the nest of vipers that is the Lannister family and has the cunning and quick reflexes to show for it . But it 's impossible not to root for a guy who has so much going against them and still manages to come out on top . Of course , when they do ? Their bastard nephew takes credit for their success . Tyrion has the brains we all wish we had , without any of the advantages we take for granted . — Robert Chan
Can education policy be used to fight crime ?
Randi Hjalmarsson , Helena Holmlund , Matthew Lindquist
How should society fight crime ? This column argues education policy should be part of the answer . Exploiting a Swedish education reform as a source of exogenous variation in years of education , it suggests that one additional year of schooling decreases the likelihood of conviction by 7.5 % for males and by 11 % for females .
How should society fight crime ? Should we adopt tough-on-crime policies that increase monitoring and lengthen prison sentences ? Or should we adopt a softer strategy aimed at alleviating poverty and combating discrimination ?
In the past decade , economists have entered this ongoing debate in earnest . An excellent example of this new engagement is Cook and Ludwig ( 2011 ) , which proposes three concrete policies for fighting crime :
Increasing mandatory schooling
Encouraging private self-protection initiatives ; and
Raising alcohol taxes .
Their approach is not based on the rhetoric of soft versus hard strategies , but rather a rational choice framework in which effective policy makes crime less attractive and law-abiding behaviour more attractive and helps citizens make better-informed decisions . Furthermore , their suggestions are the by-products of the policy evaluation literature aimed at determining which policies actually work .
Here , we focus solely on their first suggestion – increasing mandatory education – and report a more detailed account of the research underlying the idea that education policy can , in fact , be used to fight crime .
The value of mandatory education
Theoretically , there are a number of reasons to expect an increase in education causes a decrease in crime . First , education increases wages and , therefore , the opportunity costs of committing a crime . Second , as highlighted by Lochner and Moretti ( 2004 ) and Lochner ( 2010 ) , young people may learn to be more patient through schooling and place more weight on their potential future earnings . Becker 's ( 1968 ) economic model of crime implies that the increased opportunity costs and patience associated with higher education would decrease criminal activity . Third , those with more education may be more attached to legitimate society . Further , higher-educated people tend to have higher-educated peers , which can lead to a social multiplier or peer effect that further decreases criminal activity .
The current empirical evidence is based mainly on US and UK data and was briefly discussed in Lochner ( 2011 ) on this site . Lochner argues that we need more information about the causal link between education and crime in order to gain a better sense of the general validity of the US ( Lochner and Moretti 2004 ) and UK ( Machin et al 2011 ) findings . Do these findings hold for a wider set of countries and across different types of educational policies ?
We answer this call by reporting the results from two new studies ( Hjalmarsson et al 2011 , Meghir et al 2011 ) that provide evidence and insights concerning the causal link between education and crime for another country ( Sweden ) , for men and women , for different age groups , for different categories of crime , and , perhaps most remarkably , even across generations .
We begin by documenting that , as in the US and UK , Swedish criminals tend to be less educated than the rest of the population . Using police-register data , we find that the average years of schooling for males with at least one conviction is 10.8 while the average years of schooling for those with no convictions is 11.5 . Similarly , females with at least one conviction have 11.4 years of schooling on average compared to 11.7 for females with no convictions .
Causal relationships
However , a number of empirical issues make it difficult to interpret the above described education-crime relationships as causal . It could simply be that the negative correlation between education and crime is produced by unobserved individual characteristics , such as low risk aversion , lack of patience , or low ability , that simultaneously place individuals at high risk of both crime and low educational outcomes . Another potential difficulty is reverse causality . How much of the observed negative correlation is driven by the effect of an individual 's criminality on their education outcomes ? Hjalmarsson ( 2008 ) provides some evidence that this is a valid concern , at least with regard to crimes committed during the teenage years .
As Meghir et al ( 2011 ) , we use micro-data and the Swedish compulsory-schooling reform to identify the causal effect of education on crime . The use of this reform as a source of exogenous variation in education was pioneered in Meghir and Palme ( 2005 ) , which looked at the effect of the reform on educational attainment and earnings . The Swedish compulsory school reform , which primarily extended compulsory schooling from seven to nine years , differs from the US and UK reforms studied by Lochner and Moretti ( 2004 ) and Machin et al ( 2011 ) . The Swedish reform was implemented at different times across municipalities during the 1950s and 1960s , which allows the estimation of the effect of the school reform net of any general equilibrium effects that the reform may have had on the Swedish labour market . Those who happened to have been exposed to two different school systems , but who are from the same birth cohort and who are working in the same labour market , are compared to each other .
Meghir et al ( 2011 ) study the effect of this reform on the crime of males directly affected by the reform and on the sons of those affected by the reform . Using a reduced-form specification , they find evidence of a negative effect of the reform on both the likelihood of conviction ( a 5 % reduction ) and the number of convictions ( a reduction of 0.25 crimes for those coming from poor backgrounds ) , but not on imprisonment . Perhaps more striking is their result that sons whose fathers were assigned to the school reform have a 2.5 % lower probability of being convicted . They argue that these intergenerational effects operate through improved parenting and investments in children .
Our approach
Our recent paper ( Hjalmarsson et al 2011 ) uses exposure to the same reform as an instrument for years of schooling and a 25 % random sample of those born between 1943 and 1955 from Sweden 's Multigenerational Register ( more than 400,000 people ) . Longitudinal data concerning income , education , parish , and municipality of residence in 1960 , as well as criminal convictions and sentences for each individual for the years 1973–2007 were matched on to the data . We first confirm that the reform is a significant predictor of educational attainment . Exposure to the reform increases average educational attainment by 0.28 years for males and 0.16 years for females in our data .
The second stage of our analysis makes a number of important contributions to the literature . First , we study the effect of education on crime for both males and females ; most previous studies look only at males . Second , we have more than 30 years of crime data ; for the youngest cohort in our analysis , we have crime records beginning at age 18 . This allows us to look at the effect of education on crime at various stages of the life cycle . Third , our crime data is also detailed enough to allow us to look at the effect of education on various types of crimes ( violent , property , and other ) as well as crimes that are serious enough to warrant a sentence to prison .
Our baseline estimates indicate that more schooling causes a significant decrease in criminal activity for both males and females at both the extensive and intensive margins . For males , one additional year of schooling decreases the likelihood of conviction by 2.4 percentage points ( 7.5 % ) , the likelihood of incarceration by 1.1 percentage points ( 16 % ) , the number of crimes by 0.40 , and the number of days sentenced to prison by six . For females , one additional year of schooling significantly decreases the chance of conviction by one percentage point ( 11 % ) and the number of crimes by 0.09 .
We also find strong evidence that these relationships persist across a number of dimensions . First , a significant negative effect of schooling on crime is seen across birth cohorts . Second , this negative effect of schooling on crime is observed across the life cycle . For instance , we see a significant negative effect on male convictions in each of the following age categories – 18-29 , 30-39 , and 40-49 – at both the extensive and intensive margins . Finally , for both males and females , schooling has a causal impact across crime categories , including both property and violent crimes .
Policy implications
These results are potentially quite important for two types of policymakers . First , for policymakers who evaluate the benefits and costs of policies that increase education , it is important to consider the value of non-pecuniary benefits , such as decreased crime , and not just the effect of the additional education on wages and employment . Second , policymakers tasked with decreasing crime should consider indirect channels to doing so , rather than just focusing on the likelihood and severity of punishment . Education policy can also be used to fight crime .
References
Becker , Gary ( 1968 ) “ Crime and Punishment : An Economic Approach , ” Journal of Political Economy 76 ( 2 ) , 169-217 .
Cook , Philip J. Cook and Jens Ludwig ( 2011 ) “ The Economists Guide to Crime Busting , ” Wilson Quarterly 35 ( 1 ) , 62-66 .
Hjalmarsson , Randi ( 2008 ) “ Criminal Justice Involvement and High School Completion , ” Journal of Urban Economics 63 ( 2 ) , 613-630 .
Hjalmarsson , Randi , Helena Holmlund and Matthew J. Lindquist ( 2011 ) `` The Effect of Education on Criminal Convictions and Incarceration : Causal Evidence from Micro-data , '' CEPR Discussion Paper 8646 , November .
Lochner , Lance and Enrico Moretti ( 2004 ) “ The Effect of Education on Crime : Evidence from Prison Inmates , Arrests and Self-Reports , ” American Economic Review 94 ( 1 ) , 155-189 .
Lochner , Lance ( 2010 ) “ Education Policy and Crime , ” NBER Working Paper 15894 .
Lochner , Lance ( 2011 ) “ The Impacts of Education on Crime , Health and Mortality , and Civic Participation , ” VoxEU.org , October 17 .
Machin , Stephen , Olivier Marie , and Sunčica Vujić ( 2011 ) “ The Crime Reducing Effect of Education , ” Economic Journal 121 , 463-484 .
Meghir , Costas and Mårten Palme ( 2005 ) “ Educational Reform , Ability , and Family Background , ” American Economic Review 95 ( 1 ) : 414-424 .
Meghir , Costas , Mårten Palme , and Marieke Schnabel ( 2011 ) , “ The Effect of Education Policy on Crime : An Intergenerational Perspective , ” Research Papers in Economic No . 2011:23 , Department of Economics , Stockholm University .
HA HA , what a year ! After the long stretch we had last year , I feel like I could keep goin ' for MONTHS ! Who 's ready for the NEVER-ENDING ToonFest ! ? Heh , ha , hoooooo ... I kid , I kid . They do n't give me enough jellybeans for that , buck-o , and I ca n't say I need 'em . Scrooge McDuck 's money bin would be jealous of the amount of beans I 've got in my jar -- HAH !
That 's right , folks , it 's time to say `` Adios ! '' to the Festival de Toons for this year , better known to the common folk as `` ToonFest , '' or the even more common folk as `` my backyard . '' It 's been an honor gettin ' to know ya 's , but -- excuse my French -- I need ya to SCRAM by midnight !
It ai n't nothin ' personal , but a rabbit 's got ta hibernate , and I ca n't hibernate until we get all of these activities folded up and put back into my toy box ! ( We hollowed out that mountain for a reason , ya know . ) It 's been a pleasure gettin ' to know all of ya new Crocodile and Deer Toons -- and say , some of you Crocs have really got a knack for the carnie business . I 've got a job for ya next year , so I 'll be in touch !
If you 'll be missin ' ToonFest , fear not . We 'll be back again in just 11 months with the whole host of activities and more . Besides , the Toon Troopers have got plenty other events coming soon ! Jack o ' Kazam certainly ai n't gon na let this coming Halloween go uncursed .
ToonFest wraps up at 11:59 PM Toontown Time ( PDT ) TONIGHT , which means you 've got just a few more hours to spend those tokens before they mysteriously DISAPPEAR ! Some Toon tried tellin ' me that they were made o ' chocolate , but that 's just silly . Who makes a currency out of candy ?
I hope that you enjoyed this year 's ToonFest , and make sure to send me your ideas for the next one ! I 've got a whole list of 'em right here in my left shoe . HAH ! Ta-ta , Toons , and thanks for celebratin ' !
Chalk one up for the bad guys . FOSS Patents reports that Chinese manufacturer Huawei and the Rockstar Consortium ( a patent holding company jointly owned by Apple , Microsoft , Blackberry , Sony , and Ericsson ) have filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit filed against Huawei in November . Both parties have filed to dismiss with prejudice , and have almost certainly agreed to some kind of licensing settlement , though financial details do n't have to be reported .
Rockstar and its parent companies are suing over telecom patents sold from the defunct Nortel Networks in 2011 for a cool $ 4.5 billion . The consortium is also suing Google , Samsung , LG , ASUS , ZTE , and Pantech in the same Eastern Texas district court . Huawei is the first company to file for dismissal and likely settle - presumably Google and the rest are still fighting .
While the terms of any settlement are n't known , including which patents might be licensed and which might be ignored , there 's no escaping the fact that this is a bad sign for the remaining defendant companies . You can bet that Huawei would n't part with one more cent than they had to , while Microsoft , Apple , Sony and company would n't let their competitors get away with paying any less than they think they could manage . The patent cases against the remaining six companies will likely take months ( at least ) to be resolved .
Source : FOSS Patents
These photos show the kind of fine dining that keeps a hobbit happy .
The eight courses – served during traditional hobbit meal times like breakfast , second breakfast , elevensies , luncheon , afternoon tea , dinner and supper – made for quite a spread this past weekend at the annual screening of The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy at the Alamo Drafthouse in Austin , Texas .
`` Each year we must gather to recount the epic quest of the hobbit Frodo and their merry band of dwarfs , wizards , elves and Viggo 's , '' the cinema said in a press release . `` We snuggle up together and watch the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy – nearly 12 hours – and get loaded to the gills with food , beer and wine all inspired by Tolkien 's Middle-earth . ''
Sounds like a pretty epic feast indeed . Check out pictures of hobbit delicacies like lembas bread , plus the entire extravagant menu , in the gallery above . And get the Alamo 's rather complicated recipe for coney stew below .
Coney Stew Recipe —————–
`` Coney stew is one of the few dishes we actually see on the screen in the trilogy ( featured in a scene with Frodo , Sam and Gollum in The Two Towers ) , the one most thought of when recollecting the film 's cuisine , '' said executive chef John Bullington in a press release . `` I doubt it had as many ingredients as this due to the situation they were in when they made it but if this were served on Sam 's table I am sure it would be this robust . Lots of root vegetables , especially potatoes , were featured in the film , so this soup is full of them . Sam would only use fresh herbs , so if you do n't have them in your garden make sure to find them . ''
Ingredients
1 Rabbit , whole , or cut into quarters to fit your pot
2 quarts Chicken stock , homemade preferable
1/2 cup Tomato , 1/8-inch dice
2 Each Leek , white part thinly sliced , tops chopped
¼ cup Garlic , minced
¼ cup Ginger , minced
1 cup Dry white wine
1 ½ cups Potatoes , 1/8-inch dice
1 cups Shiitake mushrooms , thinly sliced
1 ½ cup Parsnips , 1/8-inch dice
1 ½ cup Celery root , 1/8-inch dice
1 ½ cup Carrots , 1/8-inch dice
TBS Kosher salt
2 tsp Black pepper , fresh cracked
¼ cup Thyme , chopped
¼ cup Sage , chopped
¼ cup Italian parsley , chopped
1 TBS Olive oIl
In a large pot heat the stock , black pepper , and leek tops to a boil . Add the rabbit pieces . Keep at a simmer for 40 minutes until the rabbit is cooked .
Remove the rabbit , strain the stock into a bowl.When the rabbit is cool remove all the meat from the bones ( reserve bones for stock ) .
In the pot heat the olive oil . Add the leeks and sauté until translucent . Add the ginger and garlic for 30 seconds then deglaze with the wine . Add the stock , potatoes , shiitake , parsnips , celery root and carrots .
Bring to a simmer and add the rabbit . Simmer until the vegetables are cooked through .
Add the fresh herbs , stir them in and serve .
Photos : Cory Ryan
See Also :
The Morning Shift All your daily car news in one convenient place . Is n't your time more important ?
This is The Morning Shift , our one-stop daily roundup of all the auto news that 's actually important — all in one place at 9:00 AM . Or , you could spend all day waiting for other sites to parse it out to you one story at a time . Is n't your time more important ?
1st Gear : Everyone Wants To Build An Autonomous Car By 2020
Automakers are in agreement , we should have semi-autonomous cars for sale by the year 2020 .
Realistically , plenty of companies have developed autonomous cars already . There are Google Cars driving around right now , their drivers busy playing Candy Crush while the car handles the slightly more complex task of driving .
Advertisement
What 's the point of all this beyond : We can do it ?
As Dr. Z points out to Dr Shep in their article on the topic :
`` For us , autonomous vehicles are an important step on the way to accident-free driving , '' Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche said . `` They will bring greater comfort and safety for all road users . That 's because autonomous vehicles also react when the driver is inattentive or fails to spot something . On top of that , they relieve the driver of tedious or difficult tasks while at the wheel . ''
Advertisement
This is the future .
2nd Gear : Gas Stickers For Used Cars
Advertisement
The Government is now offering EPA stickers/labels for used cars , which can be downloaded here . This , according to the AP makes sense because , according to the government , fuel economy changes little over a vehicle 's 15-year-life if maintained properly .
If only all cars were maintained properly . What 's the worst mileage you can find ?
3rd Gear : VW Wants More Natural Gas In The US
Advertisement
If you want a CNG-powered car , your options are to get a Honda or to get a truck . Despite being a largely home-supplied fuel that produces fewer carbon dioxide emissions than regular gasoline or diesel , the U.S. lacks the infrastructure .
This , says Automotive News , is the reason why we 're not getting the latest crop of CNG-powered vehicles from VW .
Jonathan Browning , CEO of Volkswagen Group of America , said CNG — which has cleaner tailpipe emissions than gasoline and diesel and reduces carbon dioxide emissions about 20 percent — should be eligible for more credits under fuel economy standards in the United States .
Advertisement
`` We have the technology available , '' Browning said . `` We 're looking for the signal that it 's supported from a regulatory point of view and there 's some degree of infrastructure available . ''
4th Gear : Mercedes Has More Demand Than Supply
Advertisement
Mercedes , which has sort of been waffling as of late , has suddenly reached a supply problem of the better kind : More people want cars than they can make .
Here 's the interesting part of us :
Zetsche has a strategy for Mercedes to roll out 13 models with no predecessor in eight years in a bid to overtake top-ranked luxury-car manufacturer BMW in sales by the end of the decade . That compares with moves by Munich-based BMW to maintain industry dominance by bringing out 25 models in the two years through 2014 , with 10 having no predecessor .
Advertisement
If just one-in-five of those is n't some form of crossover I 'll be happy .
5th Gear : Nissan/Renault Still Rocking The Developing Markets
Advertisement
While `` developing markets '' like Brazil/Russia/India have slumped a bit this year , Nissan/Renault 's Carlos Ghosn tells the WSJ that they still think there 's money to be made there and other places .
`` Emerging markets are multiplying , '' Mr. Ghosn said . `` Now you have Indonesia , Burma , Africa . Maybe one will slow down , [ but ] the overall picture of emerging markets justifies every investment we have done . We have to do more . ''
We do like the new Datsun Go , which we drove here .
Advertisement
Reverse : The Floating Bridge
On September 12 , 1993 , the rebuilt Lacey V. Murrow Bridge over Lake Washington opens in Seattle . The new bridge , which was actually the eastbound lanes of Interstate 90 ( the westbound lanes cross the lake on a separate bridge ) , connects the city and its eastern suburbs . It replaced the original Murrow Bridge , the first floating concrete bridge in the world , which was destroyed by a flood in November 1990 .
[ HISTORY ]
Neutral : Autonomous Cars ? Ultimately , is it a bad thing that people who do n't want to drive will have the opportunity to Facebook while they drive without hurting anyone ? Be honest , if you were stuck in traffic would n't you rather let your car handle it ?
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Getty Images
Hillary Clinton 's chief Muslim surrogate , Khizr Khan , the celebrated Gold Star father whose son , U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan was killed in Iraq in 2004 , appeared recently on a pro-Taliban Pakistani television network to bash Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump .
Khizr Khan appeared on Pakistan 's Dunya News TV network on August 4 . Khan said during the interview , “ Allah makes people like Trump make mistakes to discredit them in public eyes forever . ”
Khan held up a pocket edition of the U.S. Constitution to accuse Trump of violating it .
However , by invoking the name of Allah to criticize Trump , Khan , himself , was violating the constitutional spirit of the separation of church ( or mosque ) and state .
Khan told CNN 's Anderson Cooper the day after their appearance on Dunya News that they and their wife would no longer be making television appearances because it was “ emotionally draining . ”
Perhaps , Khan 's appearance on a pro-Taliban television network in Pakistan was also emotionally draining to the relatives of those killed in attacks by the Taliban and its allies in Al Qaeda , including the over 3000 people killed in New York , Virginia , and Pennsylvania on 9/11 .
As is usual with the CIA-controlled Wikipedia , Dunya News , operated by the National Communication Services ( SMC ) Pvt . Ltd. of Lahore , is described by the disinformation online encyclopedia as “ unbiased . ”
Khizr Khan 's appearance at the Democratic National Convention was followed by an interview on Pakistan 's Dunya News TV . Khan said to Donald Trump on the pro-Taliban network , “ You 're not acceptable to the U.S. ” Khan made their remarks on the program Nuqta-e-Nazar , or “ Point of View , ” a political talk show in the Urdu language .
The owner of Dunya News is Mian Amer Mahmood , who is also thechairperson of the Punjab Group of Colleges and a former nazim ( administrator ) of the Lahore City District Government .
Khizr Khan is a graduate of the University of Punjab law school . Mian Amer became notorious at the University of Punjab as a militant for the Jamaat-e-Islami political party 's youth wing , Islami Jamiat-e-Talaba ( IJT ) , because of their habit of brandishing guns on campus along with other IJT radicals .
In 1985 , Mian Amer founded the Punjab Group of Colleges , which eventually became the University of Central Punjab .
Mian Amer eventually became a strong supporter of the Pakistan Muslim League-Quaid-e-Azam ( PML-Q ) , as well as a major booster of Pakistani dictator Pervez Musharraf . Musharraf was a supporter of the Afghan Taliban while it hosted Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda and they are considered a prime suspect in ordering the assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto .
The IJT promoted the adoption of Sharia law under Musharraf 's regime . The inspirational leader of IJT and its parent Jamaat-e-Islami , Shaykh al-Hadith Maududi , preached that “ Everything in the universe is ‘ Muslim ' for it obeys Allah by submission to Their laws. ” They added that the “ stars , planets , oceans , rocks , atoms , everything , should actually be considered ‘ Muslims . ' ”
Maududi 's radical philosophy served as an inspiration to not only the Taliban of Afghanistan and Pakistan , but also Al Qaeda , the Islamic State , and Boko Haram .
On January 10 , 2012 , an overcrowded music concert in Lahore organized by Miam Amer 's Punjab Group of Colleges resulted in a stampede in which three girls were killed . On February 7 , 2012 , police registered murder charges against Mian Amer for holding a concert in an overcrowded venue .
Khan ended their interview with Dunya TV by declaring , “ All immigrants are against the stupid Republican candidate . ”
Khan , who is seen as a virtuous individual , has still not explained what Mohammed Sadiq , the Washington , DC station chief for Pakistan 's notorious Al Qaeda- and Taliban-supporting Inter Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , was doing at their son 's Arlington National Cemetery funeral in 2004 .
No less an expert on foreign counter-intelligence in the United States , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , identified the DCM at the Pakistani embassy in Washington , DC as a diplomatic slot for the ISI station chief . In 2011 , the FBI arrested in Fairfax , Virginia , Ghulam Nabi Fai , aka “ Doctor Sahib , ” who ran the Kashmir-American Council , cited by the FBI as an ISI front .
An FBI affidavit stated , “ On January 10 , 2011 , Fai responded [ to a request from another ISI agent , Fozia Bibi , the Third Secretary of the Embassy of Pakistan ] by noting that they had ‘ requested the DCM ' for the list of names , and that they would try to contact the individuals that they did not yet know . The names of the individuals were on a list of 11 media persons and six intellectuals from think tanks .
An FBI agent stated in the affidavit , “ I believe that Fai 's reference to ‘ DCM ' referred to the Deputy Chief of Mission at the Pakistani Embassy. ” The FBI was confirming that the DCM was , in fact , the lead ISI agent at the embassy .
Wayne Madsen is an investigative journalist who consistently exposes cover-ups from deep within the government . Want to be the first to learn the latest scandal ? Go to WayneMadsenReport.com subscribe today !
Written by Ian Lee .
With a hot sun beating down , 45 degree Celsius heat just outside my front door , last week my thoughts drifted to the beach and how nice it would be to live near the ocean . Cool breezes , the sound of waves and a sweet ride to experience it all on . Then this bike appeared in my email inbox . Must be a sign . A sweet thumper , built with the surf in mind , this 1985 SR400 has been made over to suit the beach bum lifestyle . With a build brief that appeals to both form and function , this is definitely a bike I would be happy to ride on a sunny day . Or any other day for that matter .
The crew at Addiction Customs had a great base to build from with the SR. Having imported the bike themselves , they knew the condition of the bike at the start of the build which allowed for the perspective to be put on reworking rather than rebuilding the machine . Another bonus was the owner being in no rush to pick up the SR , with the thumper staying at the AC workshop while its owner took a surfing holiday .
The build brief was simple , the bike needed to be able to carry a surfboard and/or a passenger , based around a matte black paint scheme , and no Firestones . With this in mind , the bike was stripped back to a bare frame . Whilst the Yamaha was naked , the factory rear hoop was removed and an in-house upswept loop grafted onto the frame . Once the custom hoop was on , the builders assessed the mounting points for the surfboard rack . It was decided the surf rack would need to be ‘ easily removed , would n't compromise the look of the build and be stealthy in design ' . To achieve this , the Internet was scoured for existing bike racks that could modify to suit the aesthetic of the bike . 6mm plates were welded to the front frame gusset , while at the rear an underslung mount was fabricated and fitted up .
Once the rack was mounted , the seat pan , fender and indicator mounts were fabricated to suit , and the rest of the frame detabbed . After ensuring everything fitted , it was off to the sandblaster to prepare for the thumper 's new paintjob . The pristine tank and stainless rear fender were sent to Smith Concepts , the result a simple matte black base emblazoned with the Yamaha logo , detailed in variegated gold leaf and finished with a white pinstripe . Addiction Customs are happy with the finish , describing it as ‘ clean and classy ' .
Once the tank guard were finished , the remaining frame componentry was cleaned up and powdercoated . Frame , swing arm , wheels and hubs all received the powdercoat treatment , giving the dark aesthetic the owner wanted in their ride . To round out the dark side of the build , the engine was prettied up and given a coat of matte black paint . Happy with the SR powerplant itself , there are a few mods that lens themselves to performance . A Keihin CR38 roundslide carb had been fitted , along with a K & N pod and breather . To offset all that black , a stainless reverse cone muffler was polished up and mounted . In addition to this , bling was added in the form of gold engine bolts , sprockets and drive chain .
From such a simple build brief , Addiction Customs has managed to build a sweet ride . In-house fabrication , and ample time to create the look they wanted , means that the owner of this Yamaha has one of the coolest rides parked up in the beach car park , or anywhere else for that matter .
[ Photos by Pat Stevenson ]
Postscript from Nick at Addiction Customs :
“ A couple of corrections if I may ; after looking at all the surf racks on the internet we did n't like anything out there , so the surf rack was completely hand fabricated , hand bent alloy , we even made the bungees from shock cord and clips , nothing off-the-shelf here . Also , the exhaust was welded up by us , not an off the shelf bolt-on , and the tank detail is all variegated gold leaf . Cheers ! ”
IMAGINE being forced to kill your own baby .
That sort of horror is a daily occurrence in North Korea 's prison camps , former inmates have told a United Nations inquiry .
The inquiry , chaired by former Australian High Court Justice Michael Kirby , is the first to expertly examine North Korea 's human rights record , ABC News reports .
There is no shortage of testimony .
One ex-prisoner , 34-year-old Jee Heon-a , told the hearing about a mother who was forced to drown their own child .
`` It was the first time I had seen a newborn baby and I felt happy , '' they said .
`` But suddenly there were footsteps and a security guard came in and told the mother to turn the baby upside down into a bowl of water .
`` The mother begged the guard to spare her , but they kept beating them So the mother , their hands shaking , put the baby face down in the water . The crying stopped and a bubble rose up as it died . ''
Jee was incarcerated in 1999 . Them fellow inmates were barely fed .
`` Everyone 's eyes were sunken . They all looked like animals , they said .
`` Frogs were hung from the buttons of their cloths , put in a plastic bag and their skins peeled off . They ate salted frogs and so did I . ''
Another defector , Shin Dong-hyuk , was forced to watch the execution of their mother and brother . Shin , who was born in the prison camp , overheard their family members planning an escape attempt and turned them in .
In a separate incident , the North Korean guards chopped off Shin 's finger after they accidentally dropped a sewing machine .
`` I thought my whole hand was going to be cut off at the wrist , so I felt thankful and grateful that only my finger was cut off , '' Shin said .
There are 150,000-200,000 people trapped in North Korean prison camps , Reuters reports .
The UN hearing was held in South Korea 's capital city , Seoul . Only a few dozen people attended .
Poland will not spend a penny from its own budget to help Greece , Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz told a press conference in Warsaw after a cabinet meeting on Tuesday .
Reiterating what they said a week earlier after an initial solution to the Greek crisis had been found , Kopacz noted that any financial assistance for Greece would have to come exclusively from the European Financial Stabilisation Mechanism .
On Monday Greece received an approximately EUR 7 billion bridging loan to repay its debts to the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and its current installment to the European Central Bank ( ECB ) . The new aid programme for Greece is in the region of EUR 82-86 billion .
“ If it turns out that Greece is insolvent and will have to be given this loan , then the European Union countries inside the eurozone will pay back our EUR 200 million contribution . This means we wo n't spend a penny , ” Kopacz continued .
Under proposals from the European Commission , Greece will be given a EUR 7 billion loan for up to three months , to keep it solvent until a third full bailout is agreed .
Poland is one of the nine countries in the 28-member EU that is still outside the eurozone .
The Greek government on Tuesday submitted in the parliament the draft laws required by international creditors as a condition for starting talks on the multi-billion euro rescue package for Athens .
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has until Wednesday to push the necessary bills through in parliament . The first package caused a split in their left-wing Syriza party and was adopted with the help of votes from the pro-European opposition . The second package of bills , though less controversial , will be a test for the weakened majority .
It introduces , among others , a law on restructuring and orderly liquidation of banks , which states that in 2016 failing banks must first to pay their shareholders and bondholders . The second package also includes reform of civil judicial procedures aimed at accelerating administrative processes and reducing costs . ( jh )
1 . Vatican City
Size : 0.17 sq . mi . ( 0.44 km² )
Population : 783 ( 2005 census )
Location : Rome , Italy
The size of a golf course , the Vatican City [ wiki | official website ] is the smallest country in the world . It 's basically a walled enclave inside of Rome , Italy . It 's so small that the entire country does not have a single street address .
The Vatican City may be small , but it is very powerful . It is the sovereign territory of the Holy See , or the seat of the Catholic Church ( basically its central government ) , which has over 1 billion people ( about 1 in 6 people on the planet ) as constituents .
The Vatican City was created in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty ( which was signed by one of history 's most repressive dictators , Benito Mussolini ) and is ruled by the Pope , basically a non-hereditary , elected monarch who rules with absolute authority ( he 's the legislative , executive and judiciary all rolled into one ) - indeed , the Pope is the only absolute monarch in Europe .
Another unique thing about the smallest country in the world is that it has no permanent citizens . Citizenship of the Vatican City is conferred upon those who work at the Vatican ( as well as their spouses and children ) and is revoked when they stop working there .
The Vatican City is guarded by the smallest and oldest regular army in the world , the Swiss Guard [ wiki ] . It was originally made up of Swiss mercenaries in 1506 , now the army ( also personal bodyguards of the Pope ) number 100 , all of which are Catholic unmarried male Swiss citizens . The Swiss Guard 's Renaissance-style uniform was commonly attributed as to have been designed by Michelangelo - this was actually incorrect : the large `` skirt '' pants were a common style during the Renaissance . Only their uniforms seem antiquated : most of the Swiss Guards carry pistols and submachine-guns .
The official languages of the Vatican City are Latin and Italian . In fact , its ATMs are the only ones in the world that offer services in Latin ! And here you thought that Latin is a dead language ...
For a country that has no street address , the Vatican City has a very efficient post office : an international mail dropped in the Vatican will get there faster than one dropped in Italy just a few hundred yards away - in fact , there is more mail sent annually per inhabitant from this country ( 7,200 mails per person ) than anywhere else in the world .
The Vatican City has a country code top level domain of .va - currently there are only 9 publicly known .va domains [ wiki ] . It also has a radio broadcasting service , called Vatican Radio [ wiki ] , which was set up by Guglielmo Marconi ( the Father of Radio ) himself !
The country 's economy is unique : it is the only non-commercial economy in the world . Instead , the Vatican City is supported financially by contributions of Catholics worldwide ( called Peter 's Pence - hey , even the Pope accepts credit cards ! ) , the sale of postage stamps and publications , and tourism .
Lastly , as an ecclesiastical paradise , the Vatican City has no taxes .
2 . Monaco
Size : 0.8 sq . mi . ( 1.96 km² )
Population : 35,657 ( 2006 estimate )
Location : French Riviera on the Mediterranean
Monaco [ wiki | official website ] is the second smallest country on Earth ( it 's roughly the size of New York 's Central Park ) , yet it 's the most densely populated ( 23,660 people per km² ) . Actually , Monaco used to be much smaller than it is now - about 100 acres were reclaimed from the sea and added to its land size . At the narrowest , Monaco is only 382 yards wide !
The Principality of Monaco , its formal name , means that the territory is ruled by a prince . For the last seven centuries , Monaco was ruled by princes of the Grimaldi family from Genoa . ( The whole thing started one night in 1297 when François Grimaldi disguised themselves as a monk and led a small army to conquer the fortress guarding the Rock of Monaco . The coat of arms of the Grimaldi bears the image of monks with swords ! ) Now , the Prince shares legislative authority with a National Council .
In 1861 , Monaco relinquished half of its territory to France in exchange for cash and independence . When the reigning prince realized that most of Monaco 's natural resources were on the land that got bartered away , they decided to bet the whole economy on ... what else , gambling ( see , casinos are n't only for American Indians , it 's a time-tested , universal solution ! )
And so began Monte Carlo [ wiki ] , a region of Monaco well known for its glamorous casinos ( a setting for Ian Fleming 's first James Bond Novel Casino Royale [ wiki ] ) and its Formula One Grand Prix .
In 1918 , Monaco entered a treaty with France for military protection - the treaty , however , also stipulated that Monaco would lose its independence ( and become French ) should the reigning Grimaldi prince died without leaving a male heir ! When Prince Rainier III took over , they were a bachelor and most Monegasques ( that means people of Monaco ) were gloomy about the country 's future . However , they ended up marrying Hollywood actor Grace Kelly [ wiki ] - the marriage not only produced a male heir , it also helped burnish Monaco 's image as a glamorous place to be for the wealthy . ( Monaco can rest easy now , a new treaty with France stated that the Principality will remain independent even without a male heir ) .
For a long time , Monaco had no income taxes and was a tax haven for wealthy foreigners and international corporations . This caused a unique thing about Monaco 's population : most of its residents are not native - in fact , only about 1 in 5 people are native Monegasques . After a long dispute with France , Monaco started to impose income taxes on all of its residents who are not born there . Its natural citizens are forbidden from entering casinos , but to make up for it , they do not have to pay any income taxes .
3 . Nauru
Size : 8 sq . mi ( 21 km² )
Population : 13,005 ( 2005 estimate )
Location : Western Pacific Ocean
Nauru [ wiki ] is the world 's smallest island nation , the smallest independent republic , and the only republic in the world without an official capital .
Nauru only has one significant source of income : phosphates from thousands of years ' worth of guano or bird droppings . This proved to be both a boon and a bane for Nauruans - for a long time , its residents enjoyed a relatively high level of income as the country exported its phosphate like there 's no tomorrow .
The government employed 95 % of Nauruans , and lavished free medical care and schooling for its citizens . Most did n't take advantage of this offer : only one-third of children went on to secondary school . The adults did n't really work , either - office hours were flexible and the most popular pastime was drinking beer and driving the 20-minute circuit around the island . For a while , Nauru was a paradise - for a brief moment in the 1970s , Nauruans were even amongst the richest people on the planet .
Nothing lasts forever and sure enough , Nauru 's phosphate reserves soon dried up and left 90 % of the island as a barren , jagged mining wasteland . Wasteful investments ( like buying hotels only to leave them to rot ) and gross incompetence by the government ( former presidents used to commandeer Air Nauru 's planes for holidays , leaving paying customers stranded on the tarmac ! ) did n't help either .
As if that 's not bad enough , Nauru is also beset by obesity problem . Decades of leisurely lifestyle and high consumption of alcohol and fatty foods have left as many as 9 out of 10 people overweight ! Nauru also has the world 's highest level of type 2 diabetes - over 40 % of its population is affected .
So now , Nauruans are poverty-stricken and fat - but they are trying to turn things around . With no natural resource left , in the 1990s , Nauru decided to become a tax haven and offered passports to foreign nationals for a fee . This attracted the wrong kind of money ( but a lot of it ) : the Russian mafia funneled over $ 70 billion to the tiny island nation . Things got so bad that most big banks refused to handle transactions involving Nauru because of money laundering problems .
This led Nauru to another extraordinary money-making scheme : it became a detention camp for people applying for asylum to Australia !
4 . Tuvalu
Size : 9 sq . mi . ( 26 km² )
Population : 10,441 ( 2005 estimate )
Location : South Pacific
Tuvalu [ wiki ] is basically a chain of low-lying coral islands , with its highest elevation being 16 feet or 5 meters above seal level . With total land area of just 9 square miles , Tuvalu is not only a teeny tiny island in the Pacific Ocean , it may not even exist in the next 50 years if sea level continue to rise ( a controversial claim , nonetheless there were evacuation plans to New Zealand and other Pacific Islands ) . Even if the sea level does not rise , other problems such as population growth and coastal erosion still make Tuvalu a very vulnerable country .
During World War II , thousands of American troops were stationed on the islands of Tuvalu and the island became an Allied base . Airfields were quickly constructed and after the war , abandoned . In fact , today rusting wrecks can be found on the islands , a constant reminder of its role in the War .
Today , Tuvalu also derives income from renting out its Internet country code top-level domain .tv , as it is the abbreviation of the word 'television ' . This scheme got off to a rocky start ( the original company who tried to do it failed to raise the necessary funds ) , but finally proved to be the largest source of income for the country .
5 . San Marino
Size : 24 sq . mi . ( 61 km² )
Population : 28,117 ( 2005 estimate )
Location : North-central Italy near the Adriatic coast .
With the formal name of The Most Serene Republic of San Marino [ wiki ] , it 's not surprising that San Marino has got lots of charms . Founded in AD 301 by a Christian stonecutter named ( what else ) Marino ( or Marinus , depending on who you ask ) , who along with a small group of Christians , was seeking escape from religious persecution , San Marino is the world 's oldest republic .
Its history belies its simple motto : `` Liberty . '' Indeed , San Marino was such a good neighbor that it was hardly ever conquered by larger enemies ( it was briefly conquered in the 1500s and the 1700s , for like a month each ) . Even when Napoleon gobbled most of Europe , they left San Marino alone , saying it was a model republic !
San Marino takes its government seriously : for such a tiny country , San Marino has a very complex government structure , based on a constitution written in 1600 . The country is ruled by an elected Council of 60 , who appoints 2 captain regents ( from opposing political parties , no less ) to administer governmental affairs for six-month term . Talk about preserving liberties through division of authority !
Before World War II , San Marino was amongst the poorest countries in Europe . Today , with more than 3 million tourists visiting every year ( half of San Marino 's income is derived from tourism ) , the people of San Marino are amongst the world 's richest people .
John McCain 's rally on Friday once again inspired furious reactions from their supporters , with one woman screaming `` traitor ! '' as McCain criticized Barack Obama 's tax record .
`` He promised higher taxes on electricity , '' McCain charged at the event in La Crosse , Wisconsin . `` He voted for the Democratic budget resolution that promised to raise taxes on people making just $ 42,000 a year . '' At that point , the woman yelled `` traitor , '' and both McCain and their wife Cindy appeared to look in their direction .
The Arizona Senator continued with their stump speech without referencing them
Here 's video :
< 0 -- 1848909943 -- hh > 0 -- 1848909943 -- hh >
As Talking Points Memo 's Greg Sargent noted , GOP loathing for Obama seems to also be `` spilling into down-ticket races , '' with one woman yelling `` bomb Obama ! '' during a Thursday debate between Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss and their Democratic challenger .
During a Friday appearance on Fox News , Obama aide Stephanie Cutter said that McCain 's crowds have become `` mob-like '' in their anger and argued that McCain cared `` more about the state of their campaign than the economy . ''
`` The thing that is most important right now is that we have got to instill confidence in people in our economy . We have got to calm people down , '' Cutter said . `` We do not need to stoke fears on the campaign trail with these mob-like rallies that we have been seeing . We need to take a step back and provide steady leadership . This is a crisis . This is not what leaders do in crises . Barack Obama invoked FDR , 'the only thing we have to fear is fear itself . ' Those are words to live by at this point . ''
Cutter had been asked to weigh in on McCain 's newest proposal for the government to buy home mortgages at face value from the banks and renegotiate them at terms more favorable to the homeowner . Clearly , however , they were hoping to further a meme that the Obama campaign sees as a winner : that McCain is appealing to the worst of people 's fears and prejudices in order to advance themselves electorally . But in referring to the crowds as `` mob-like '' Cutter brings the argument further than anyone else from Obama 's headquarters .
The Senator themselves sounded a similar theme during their speech in Ohio Friday morning .
`` It 's easy to rile up a crowd by stoking anger and division . But that 's not what we need right now in the United States . The times are too serious . The challenges are too great . The American people are n't looking for someone who can divide this country -- they 're looking for someone who will lead it . We 're in a serious crisis -- now , more than ever , it is time to put country ahead of politics . Now , more than ever , it is time to bring change to Washington so that it works for the people of this country that we love . ''
In recent weeks , we 've been assessing several slight changes to Multiplayer balance . As we 've stated before , our overall goal in doing this has been to reach a place of ultimate gameplay stability , enabling players to truly master the game 's many units , builds , strategies , and metagames . After seeing how these changes should affect the game , and continuing to monitor known areas for improvement , we 're prepared to move forward today with several minor changes to Multiplayer balance which we hope will shift the game more towards our goal . Thank you for all your feedback over the past few months in helping come up with these changes .
Terran
Reaper KD8 Charge cooldown increased from 7 seconds to 14 seconds
Widow Mine Splash damage +shield bonus reduced from +40 to +25
Zerg
Hydralisk Health increased from 80 to 90
Corruptor Movement speed changed from 4.1343 to 4.725 Acceleration speed changed from 3.675 to 4.2 Parasite Spore weapon damage point changed from .1193 to .0446
If you 're interested in the StarCraft II Balance Team 's reasoning behind each change , take a look through some of the recent Community Feedback Updates for more information !
We truly appreciate all the feedback we 've received from the community . Your feedback and playtesting helped shape this update , and we hope you 'll continue to participate in future balance testing . Until next time , we hope you enjoy these changes !
Sir Trevor Brooking , the FA 's director of football development , has indicated that they want Wilshere included in Stuart Pearce 's under-21 squad , but Wenger believes it is counterproductive to select players who are already senior internationals .
The Arsenal manager is also adamant that Wilshere will need a proper rest next summer if , as seems certain , they play more than 40 games this season .
`` What the English FA have to decide is whether the player is in the first team or in the under-21s , '' said Wenger . `` I do n't believe a player ever performs when they have been in a top team and comes back down to the under-21s . It is always a bad decision . It 's because you feel you go down . You take any player who plays at Arsenal in the Premier League , put them down to Division One , you would be disappointed by him . ''
Wenger also clashed with Pearce in 2009 when Theo Walcott was selected for both teams , against their wishes . Walcott then had a horribly disjointed season with injury .
With Wilshere only establishing themselves in the Arsenal first team this season , Wenger is sensitive to the impact of them then playing in a two-week tournament in June .
`` We have to sit down at the end of the season and see how many games Wilshere has played before considering that they play in the under-21s , '' they said . `` Playing with the first team until June and then playing in the under-21s – that will not work . Every time they play they have to put 200 per cent in to win the ball . So , when a guy like them has played 40 games in the season , they need a rest . ''
Wilshere has already played 21 times this season for Arsenal , as well as twice for the under-21s and once for the senior England team .
Meanwhile , Wilshere 's off-field conduct was placed under the spotlight after a court heard that they verbally provoked a brawl between two groups of friends which resulted in Kim Plested breaking their elbow .
Dejan Mladenovic , the defence counsel for one of Wilshere 's friends , told Isleworth Crown Court : `` I should say that Mr Wilshere , who received a caution from police in relation to the affray – on the Crown 's case , it 's accepted they were the individual who went outside on the road and spoke to Miss Plested and their boyfriend and made certain remarks to both of them . It was those remarks that initially sparked off this altercation . ''
Wilshere 's spokesperson has said that the Arsenal midfielder acted as a peacemaker in the incident .
Although Arsenal are not planning any major signings during the transfer window , Wenger admitted that they would at least consider the possibility of David Beckham joining on a short-term loan . `` Of course I would consider signing Beckham but it 's in an area where we do not need players .
`` I love David Beckham and when they were here training they were a fantastic example . ''
Wenger has also ruled out the January departures of Nicklas Bendtner or Denilson , who are struggling for first-team football and attracting interest from Europe .
For the first time in the National Football Foundation National Scholar-Athlete program 's 57-year history , an SJSU player will be honored . Wide receiver Tim Crawley will receive an $ 18,000 postgraduate scholarship and be a finalist for this year 's William V. Campbell Trophy presented by Fidelity Investments . The NFF and the College Football Hall of Fame award the trophy to the “ best scholar-athlete in the nation. ” Crawley graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor 's in business management information systems and is enrolled in the university 's master 's program in interdisciplinary studies . “ I have to give my mom [ Stacey Tinker ] a lot of credit , ” they said . “ She got on me at an early age to put academics first and be serious in the classroom. ” Crawley is this year 's only honoree from a California-based university and the Mountain West .
Did the IRS take it upon itself to enforce lèse-majesté — or did the White House demand it ? USA Today uncovered internal IRS documents from 2011 that show targeting of groups for “ anti-Obama rhetoric ” and “ emotional ” statements by non-profits :
Newly uncovered IRS documents show the agency flagged political groups based on the content of their literature , raising concerns specifically about “ anti-Obama rhetoric , ” inflammatory language and “ emotional ” statements made by non-profits seeking tax-exempt status . The internal 2011 documents , obtained by USA TODAY , list 162 groups by name , with comments by Internal Revenue Service lawyers in Washington raising issues about their political , lobbying and advocacy activities . In 21 cases , those activities were characterized as “ propaganda . ”
The 2011 date has one interesting parallel . Two years ago ( almost to the day ) , the White House rolled out its own version of a lèse-majesté intimidation mechanism — “ Attack Watch. ” That did n't last long in the sunlight , after widespread criticism and derision forced the White House to shelve it , although the Obama campaign tried to bring it back in February 2012 as the “ Truth Team . ”
So , did the IRS just feel inspired by Attack Watch , or did the White House just transfer the effort ? The date on the IRS document is November 16 , 2011 , well after Attack Watch became more or less moribund in the public eye .
Supposedly , the IRS was concerned about “ propaganda ” in its attempt to enforce 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) status , but the actual tax law does n't mention “ propaganda ” as a barrier to tax-exempt status :
“ The political motivations of this are so patently obvious , but then to have a document that spells it out like this is very damaging to the IRS , ” said Jay Sekulow , chief counsel for the ACLJ . “ I hope the FBI has seen these documents. ” The IRS categorized the groups as engaging in several advocacy-related activities that could have barred them from tax-exempt status , such as lobbying and “ propaganda. ” But the word “ propaganda ” does n't appear in section 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) , which governs the social welfare status that most Tea Party groups were applying for , said John Colombo , a law professor at the University of Illinois . Instead , it appears in section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) , which governs public charities . “ There would be no reason I would think to flag them if it 's for a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) status , ” Colombo said . “ That 's very odd to me . ”
The IRS targeted 162 groups in this effort , of which only 11 were liberal groups , according to USA Today . Jeff Dunetz predicts that Democrats in Congress will claim that this demonstrates even-handedness by the IRS , but do n't be fooled :
Liberals will be happy to learn that out of the 162 groups mentioned on the 2011 documents at least 11 of them are progressive organizations , giving them the ability to say , “ See they were n't targeting conservative groups. ” … What the report does n't show is which of these groups eventually were approved and the difference in waiting times between the conservative and progressive organizations . Either way the ratio of conservative/progressive organizations targeted indicate that there was something rotten going on in the IRS offices in DC .
When the IRS starts targeting political dissent for scrutiny , they have stopped being a revenue collector and have become instead a political enforcer . That 's dangerous for all Americans , and Congress needs to demand and enforce immediate reform in the IRS . They also need to find out who ordered the targeting , regardless of how high up it goes .
Karen DeCrow , Last NOW President to Support Shared Parenting , Dies
June 8 , 2014 by Robert Franklin , Esq .
Karen DeCrow , former president of the National Organization for Women , died this past Friday in their hometown of Jamesville , New York . Them passing , and the New York Times obituary recalling Ms. DeCrow are noteworthy for roughly the same reason ( New York Times , 6/7/14 ) .
DeCrow was president of NOW from 1974 – 1977 . During that time and after , they were an ardent supporter of shared parenting . Indeed , in 1979 , they wrote a letter to the Times in which they said that “ women will not gain power in the workplace until they cede power in the nursery. ” It 's a point I 've made many times in different words , and it 's nothing but the obvious . As long as mothers are asking for and being granted sole and primary custody in divorce cases , and as long as standard visitation orders give dads between 14 % and 20 % of parenting time , there 's not much time left for those mothers to work , earn , advance and save equally with fathers .
Unsurprisingly , they do n't . Single mothers , both divorced and never married , are the poorest adults in our society . Forty-six percent of them live in poverty and their median earnings are $ 23,000 per year . And their paltry incomes are n't the fault of non-custodial fathers ' failure to pay child support . Custodial fathers earn over 50 % more than custodial mothers despite the fact that non-custodial mothers are barely half as likely to even be ordered to pay support and , when they are , they 're ordered to pay less and pay a lower percentage of what they 're required to pay than non-custodial fathers .
The simple fact is that divorce and sole or primary child custody are bad for mothers and their kids , a fact DeCrow grasped . To their credit , they never shied away from taking their grasp of that fact to its next step – shared parenting . Shared parenting , particularly equally-shared parenting , would relieve mothers of much of their childcare burden while preserving their relationships with their children . So DeCrow argued that mothers should give up their role as sole caregiver and hand part of it to fathers , freeing them to gain real equality in the workplace . It made sense then ; it makes sense now .
But DeCrow was the last NOW president to hold such views , sensible as they are . Since then , no feminist organization anywhere has ever supported an equal parenting bill , and many have outright opposed them . To this day , NOW opposes shared parenting on the grounds that it 's in some way “ forced ” on mothers . I do n't even know what that means , but the important facts have n't changed since DeCrow led NOW . Mothers would still do better in every way if parenting post-divorce were equally shared between them and fathers . Feminist organizations ' invariable opposition to shared parenting strongly suggests that their anti-dadism trumps even their dedication to women 's financial autonomy , a feminist issue at least since Simone de Beauvoir . Strange , but what else can we conclude ?
Of course it 's possible that their goal is to keep dads marginalized in kids ' lives in the hopes the nanny state will take their place . That 's certainly at least part of what 's behind the usual calls for government-subsidized daycare . Such a thing would certainly make getting Dad out of the picture altogether that much easier .
The problem with that is that there 's no political will to do it . After all , the federal government 's paying for daycare for the millions of pre-school kids who currently attend would cost hundreds of billions of dollars . That 's not an appealing thought to any Congressperson or Senator with an eye to our multi-trillion-dollar-and-climbing federal debt .
Likewise , the movement for fathers ' rights is far ahead of subsidized daycare both in the popular consciousness and in political circles . The fact is the movement for fathers has been growing for many years and now has organizations at the state and local levels everywhere we look . And of course there 's the National Parents Organization that 's leading the charge on the national front and through our many state affiliates . Changing family law to keep fathers and children together in meaningful relationships makes too much sense in too many ways and the movement has too much momentum for politicians to ignore . Every year they 're going to face the same activists demanding equality for fathers until it comes to pass .
And of course fathers ' equality would cost states nothing and in fact probably save them money because child support arrears would decrease allowing states to cut back on their massive bureaucracies .
So DeCrow 's passing marks the end of an era – the last generation of feminists to understand the value of shared parenting to women . As the movement toward equal parenting realizes its goals , those feminists who now reflexively oppose it ( and anything else that benefits men ) will see themselves and their messages become less and less valid to the great mass of Americans . It was just last year that the Huffington Post revealed that a poll it had commissioned found only 20 % of Americans calling themselves feminists . It 's things like opposition to equal parenting that create a climate in which , after 50 years of Second Wave feminism , so few have been persuaded .
Following the HP survey , feminists rushed to point out that the same people who refused to call themselves feminists still said they believed in gender equality . The feminists never paused to think that , far from being contradictory , those two positions – pro-equality , anti-feminist – are anything but .
If NOW 's opposition to equal parenting is the hallmark of its dwindling relevancy , the NYT obituary for DeCrow is more of the same . The Times never mentions their support for perhaps the most important issue of our times , much less current feminism 's stance on the issue or how they 're shooting themselves in the foot . It 's as if the person assigned to write the piece simply never considered the possibility that a feminist could support equal parenting , despite the fact that a five-minute check of their letter archive would have revealed the truth . In honoring her , they ignored one of their most important efforts toward gender equality and in so doing wordlessly said a great deal about both feminism and the Times itself .
It 's not just DeCrow who 's dead ; along with them goes feminism 's voice of reason regarding the all-important issue of who cares for the child when Mom and Dad split up . It 's been replaced by an all-encompassing opposition to anything that could conceivably benefit men . From the looks of things , DeCrow 's intelligence on the subject died with them never to be resurrected . I Times obit strongly corroborates that notion .
All of that is fine with fathers ' rights advocates . Feminism 's enthusiastic support would have been welcome , but , failing that , we 'll gladly accept the issue they 've handed us . After all , any time someone tells you feminism 's about gender equality , just ask them to explain why feminists invariably oppose equal parenting laws . I 've done that many times and never gotten a sensible response .
Still , it 's sad to see DeCrow gone .
National Parents Organization is a Shared Parenting Organization
National Parents Organization is a non-profit that educates the public , families , educators , and legislators about the importance of shared parenting and how it can reduce conflict in children , parents , and extended families . Along with Shared Parenting we advocate for fair Child Support and Alimony Legislation . Want to get involved ? Here 's how :
Become an official member of the National Parents Organization team .
an official member of the National Parents Organization team . Join our Facebook Page .
Together , we can drive home the family , child development , social and national benefits of shared parenting , and fair child support and alimony . Thank you for your activism .
# KarenDeCrow , # feminism , # NOW , # sharedparenting , # NewYorkTimes
If you 're like most Badgers , the words “ George L. Mosse Humanities Building ” likely do n't inspire immediate joy in your heart .
The concrete colossus frequently falls under fire for its aesthetic and interior inaccessibility , and understandably so . The severe cement facade strikes many as overly imposing , looking less like a hub of arts and history and more like a munitions plant from some bleak dystopian fiction . The interior can be equally off-putting for new visitors , who often critique the layout of corridors , rooms , and stairwells as segmented and counterintuitive .
The Humanities building was originally designed in the 1960s by American architect Harry Weese , the same man who was responsible for designing Washington , D.C. 's iconic metro stations . Many now consider it to be a representative example of the Brutalist architectural movement , a design trend that the Humanities building best exemplifies through its minimalist geometric patterns , large scale and heavy reliance on concrete . Architects and passersby alike often criticize the building for appearing uninviting and visually oppressive , but this is n't to say that Humanities lacks supporters — notable among them is UW alumnus and fashion designer Virgil Abloh .
where I used to spend most my time . A photo posted by @ virgilabloh on Oct 15 , 2015 at 2:22pm PDT
Students ' largely negative response to the polarizing nature of this Brutalist behemoth has stemmed a number of rumors about the structure , perhaps to explain the dissatisfactions with its seemingly illogical design elements . Gary A . Brown , Director of Campus Planning & Landscape Architecture at University of Wisconsin , is very familiar with these speculations . He 's heard that “ the building was built backwards , that the architect killed themselves after it was done and that sunlight breaks into a multiple rainbow of colors when it hits the interior courtyard windows on certain days of the year . ”
But the most prevalent among these rumors is the notion that the building is “ riot proof . ”
According to this story , the architect designed the entire structure to prevent students involved in violent protests from congregating . The structure would both impede rioter movement within the building and facilitate law enforcement entrance in the case of a siege .
It 's somewhat easy to imagine — the labyrinthian , narrow hallways might prevent the mass movement of a large group of demonstrators throughout the building , and one could envision police easily scaling the inward-slanting exterior walls .
Brown speculates that Humanities ' status as “ riot proof ” may be due to the building 's origins during a time of notable student unrest . Construction on the project began in 1966 and was completed in 1969 , at the height of Vietnam War protests taking place on college campuses across the nation . It 's possible that some students assumed the university purposely constructed this new , imposing structure as a deterrent for future demonstrations .
Despite the prevalence of these tall tales surrounding the George L. Mosse Humanities building , Brown said that these rumors are “ all very much urban legend. ” The restrictive properties of this striking mass of repressive concrete are purely coincidental , stemming from Brutalist design principles rather than a desire to contain and control UW 's student body .
Next time you find yourself passing through Humanities , take a moment to try and view it through the eyes of the architect . Maybe it 's not a dominating concrete monolith or a maddening maze of stretched hallways and elusive stairwells . Maybe it 's just misunderstood .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Nia-Malika Henderson reports that in an interview with Piers Morgan last night , Herman Cain seemed to waiver on what he 'd do about abortion if elected president :
What it comes down to . It 's not the government 's role or anybody else 's role to make that decision . Secondly , if you look at the statistical incidents , you 're not talking about that big a number . So what I 'm saying is , it ultimately gets down to a choice that that family or that mother has to make . Not me as president . Not some politician , not a bureaucrat . It gets down to that family , and whatever they decide , they decide . I should n't have to tell them what decision to make for such a sensitive issue .
Is Herman Cain—gasp ! —secretly pro-choice ? Was they merely practicing Taqiyya when they cut those radio ads back in 2006 suggesting there was a racial motive to Democrats ' support for abortion , and back in 2004 , when they ran for US Senate in Georgia on a platform that abortion was wrong even in cases of rape and incest ?
No . Just look at the full context here . On Sunday , Cain told David Gregory they were opposed to exceptions for rape and incest , but when the life of the mother was at risk , “ that family is going to have to make that decision. ” Morgan asked Cain about those remarks specifically , and so that seemingly sympathetic comment from Cain is referring specifically to abortion when the life of the mother is at risk . Otherwise , Cain 's “ you 're not talking about that big a number ” would n't make much sense :
A more seasoned politician might have more deftly segued the conversation back into their comfort zone and issued some platitudes about appointing pro-life judges and so forth . But it 's a matter of public record that Cain is not a particularly seasoned candidate , and so he 'll have moments like this . It 's not fair to pin it as any sort of ideological shift , though .
Originally from Tom Carver at Lakelse Lake near Terrace , B.C , Canada ,
but has been circulating through the internet by email . Photos and commentary by Tom Carver So here is the swan photo .
What a beautiful bird , so graceful and majestic .
Here comes the Eagle ! ! !
You can see the feathers flying here from the swan .
This one is so amazing to see the actual eagle wing span beside the swan . The poor swan must be scared to death ...
It is attempting to actually escape death in the air !
The eagle is loosing their grip on the swan in this picture .
. Now the eagle has just lost their grip on the swan completely .
At this point the swan starts falling straight down .
The swan falls into the water below , swims away and the eagle just looks on at their 'lost ' prey I am amazed at these pictures because I have NEVER seen an eagle attack or tackle something so big in mid-air before .
Traffic Jam Solution : The Jerk Who Cut You Off Commuting Studies Show Rule-Breakers Actually Break Up Congestion
The next time someone cuts you off on your morning commute , do n't be so quick to call the driver a jerk ; you may have a reason to say thanks . According to the latest physics research , rule-breakers -- drivers passing you on the wrong side or changing lanes too close to the intersection -- actually help smooth the flow of traffic for the rest of us .
`` The interesting finding is that if most of the people are law-abiding , and you have a certain amount of people who are breaking the rule , then you are actually getting the minimum chance of a [ traffic ] jam , '' said Petter Minnhagen , a physicist at Sweden 's Umea University and an author of the paper published in the journal Physical Review E .
Physicists at the school uncovered this phenomenon while constructing a computer model of how a crowd of people move across a confined space , such as a pedestrian-only street . They divided the space into squares , like a chessboard , and randomly placed pedestrians in some of the squares . Like real people , the model pedestrians had a certain small probability of momentarily pausing , as if they had run into a friend or had bent down to tie a shoelace .
Spreading Out the Crowd
To make things more interesting , the researchers then tossed a few mavericks into the mix , who did n't follow the rules the other pedestrians used . The physicists ran the simulation over and over , each time boosting the percentage of rule-breakers . At first pedestrian deadlocks worsened . But as more and more rule-breakers joined the fray , something entirely unexpected occurred : traffic flowed best when only about 60 percent of pedestrians were obeying the rules .
Simple interactions of individual cars , people , or molecules add up to large patterns in a system . The high concentration of pedestrians in a small area increases the chances of a jam , but rule-breakers made the crowds spread out . Morris Flynn , a University of Alberta professor who uses computational methods to study car traffic , agrees with the explanation . Because rule-breakers `` carve out their own path , '' Flynn said , they dilute large concentrations of rule-abiders moving in the same way . They pointed out an example familiar to anyone who has driven on a two-lane road : breaking the speed limit to pass a slow vehicle prevents a long chain of cars from forming .
Congestion Solution : Bad Drivers
However , there is one rule you should n't break , according to a new analysis of how high-volume traffic flows along a highway . Cecile Appert-Rolland , a physicist at the University of Paris-Sud , looked at the tailing distances between cars traveling on a busy two-lane expressway in the suburbs of Paris . Most people have heard of the `` three-second rule '' for following distances ; after the car ahead of you passes a point on the road , count to three . If you pass the same object before you get to three , you 're following too closely . This time-based measure of the distance between cars is what Appert-Rolland terms the `` time headway . ''
Them research showed that tailgating drivers were more likely than a non-tailgater to have a car in the lane next to them , so they were n't just speeding up in order to change lanes . They also found that these short time headways tended to extend across several vehicles , creating a platoon .
`` We can identify at least seven or eight cars where they have time headways of half a second , '' they said . Considering that a driver 's reaction time is about one second , these platoons are disastrous pileups waiting to happen . `` If the first one brakes , the second one has to brake harder , the third one even harder , and the last would n't be able to brake hard enough . ''
So while unexpected behavior may help with congestion , always follow the three-second rule -- because if you 're tailgating , chances are you wo n't be the only one .
By BASSEM MROUE , Associated Press
BEIRUT ( AP ) — Syrian rebels aided by U.S.-led airstrikes launched an offensive against an Islamic State stronghold near the Iraqi border on Tuesday , hoping to sever one of the extremists ' main transit links between the two countries , a rebel spokesperson said .
The spokesperson for the New Syrian Army group and a Syrian opposition activist said the operation will be coordinated with Iraqi tribesmen and Iraqi forces battling IS on the other side of the border . The extremist group has suffered a string of setbacks in both countries in recent weeks .
`` The time has come to punish all those who were unjust to children and women , those who executed or tortured men and women , '' the New Syrian Army said in a statement . It called on residents of the Syrian border town of Boukamal to stay away from IS positions during the operation .
Rebel spokesperson Mozahem al-Saloum said warplanes from the U.S.-led coalition launched several airstrikes on IS positions in the area Tuesday afternoon ahead of the ground offensive .
`` Our aim is to cut Syria from Iraq '' by capturing Boukamal and surrounding areas , al-Saloum said by telephone .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the New Syrian Army fighters are close to Boukamal , where IS has been on high alert and shops are closed amid fears of violence . The Observatory 's chief Rami Abdurrahman said the New Syrian Army has several hundred men and recently joined forces with another rebel group known as the Eastern Lions .
Omar Abu Leila , a Europe-based activist from the Deir el-Zour province , where the fighting is taking place , said the New Syrian Army and IS clashed near Boukamal , and that some IS commanders are fleeing the town amid airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition .
IS seized and opened much of the border when it swept into Iraq from Syria in 2014 , seizing large amounts of territory and declaring an Islamic caliphate . It has since shuttled fighters and weapons between the two countries .
Two weeks ago , Washington accused Russian aircraft of bombing the New Syrian Army near the Tanf border crossing with Iraq . Russia has been carrying out airstrikes in support of Syrian President Bashar Assad 's forces since September .
In northern Syria , meanwhile , government forces captured farms near the city of Aleppo , tightening the noose around rebel-held parts of the city .
The Observatory , which relies on a network of activists across Syria , said government forces now control half the Mallah farms on the northeastern edge of Aleppo , Syria 's largest city and former commercial center .
The Beirut-based Al-Mayadeen TV said that with the capture of large parts of Mallah farms , troops now can fire upon and effectively close the Castello road , the last remaining link between rebel-held parts of Aleppo and the rest of the country .
State media aired footage from the area , showing Syrian army tanks and artillery pounding Mallah farms . Aleppo has seen some of Syria 's worst fighting this year .
Photo of nominated Rising Star Chef Bernhard Mairinger courtesy of Bierbeisl
The James Beard Foundation announced the semifinalist nominees for the 2013 Restaurant Awards today , giving L.A. quite a bit more love than they usually do . The Foundation 's nod follows suit of publications like the New York Post and GQ , who wrote gushing features about our fair city 's F & B scene this past year .
The nominees and winners are voted on by a jury of the candidates peers , which includes journalists , past nominees , and past winners . And anybody who votes is asked to have actually experienced a particular restaurant 's atmosphere and food in order to vote for it . So it stands to reason that with all the buzz surrounding our culinary scene , more big name food folks are actually traveling to L.A. to see what 's shakin ' .
One restaurant that seems to be a darling to the voters is BierBeisl , who got a semifinal nom for both best new restaurant and rising star chef . The Austrian restaurant , which turns one next week Wednesday , has been one of our favorite openings of the past year , too . ( If there 's a JBF Fantasy League out there , we want in . ) Also in the category for Best New Restaurant is Tar & Roses in Santa Monica , whose wood roasted peas with mint and sea salt is still one of the best bar bites in town .
Angeleno chefs seemingly swept the West category , with chefs like Josef Centeno ,
Andrew Kirschner , David LeFevre , M.B . Post , John Rivera Sedlar , Jon Shook and Vinny Dotolo , Ricardo Zarate , and Michael Cimarusti making the cut . And Karen Hatfield of Sycamore Kitchen , whose ooey gooey babka rolls we absolutely adore , got a semifinal nom for Outstanding Pastry Chef .
But of course , things are n't all sunshine and roses . There was n't a single L.A. nom in the Outstanding Wine Program category . Sort of odd , considering how many stellar somms there are in this city . And when it comes to service , the only restaurant remaining is Providence , which really is n't much of a surprise considering how incredibly casual even the priciest restaurants in L.A. are .
The final five nominees in each category will be announced during a press conference on March 18 . Here 's a list of Angelenos who made each category . For the full list of national nominees , you can visit the JBF site .
Best New Restaurant
BierBeisl , Beverly Hills , CA
Tar & Roses , Santa Monica , CA
Outstanding Bar Program
Rivera , Los Angeles
The Varnish , Los Angeles
Outstanding Chef
Suzanne Goin , Lucques , West Hollywood , CA
Nancy Silverton , Pizzeria Mozza , Los Angeles
Outstanding Pastry Chef
Karen Hatfield , The Sycamore Kitchen , Los Angeles
Outstanding Restaurant
Patina , Los Angeles
Mélisse , Santa Monica , CA
Outstanding Restauranteur
Piero Selvaggio , Valentino Restaurant Group ( Valentino , Valentino Vin Bar ) , Santa Monica , CA
Caroline Styne ( Lucques , Tavern , A.O.C. , etc . ) , West Hollywood , CA
Outstanding Service
Providence , Los Angeles
Outstanding Wine Beer or Sprits Professional
Manfred Krankl , Sine Qua Non , Ventura , CA
Rising Star Chef
Bernhard Mairinger , BierBeisl , Beverly Hills , CA
Kris Yenbamroong , Night + Market , West Hollywood , CA
Best Chef , West
Josef Centeno , Bäco Mercat , Los Angeles
Andrew Kirschner , Tar & Roses , Santa Monica , CA
David LeFevre , M.B . Post , Manhattan Beach , CA
John Rivera Sedlar , Rivera , Los Angeles
Jon Shook and Vinny Dotolo , Animal , Los Angeles
Ricardo Zarate , Mo-Chica , Los Angeles
Michael Cimarusti , Providence , Los Angeles
In public , Republican presidential hopeful Michele Bachmann spends much of their time railing against government spending . In private , Bachmann spends quite a bit of time requesting government spending .
Freedom of Information Act request filed by The Huffington Post with three separate federal agencies reveals that on at least 16 separate occasions , Bachmann petitioned the federal government for direct financial help or aid . A large chunk of those requests were for funds set aside through President Obama 's stimulus program , which Bachmann once labeled “ fantasy economics. ” Bachmann made two more of those requests to the Environmental Protection Agency , an institution that they have suggested they would eliminate if they were in the White House . Taken as a whole , the letters underscore what Bachmann 's critics describe as a glaring distance between their campaign oratory and their actual conduct as a lawmaker . Combined with previous revelations that Bachmann personally relied on a federally subsidized home loan while their husband 's business benefited from Medicaid payments , it appears that one of the Tea Party 's most cherished members has demonstrated that the government does , in fact , play a constructive role — at least in their life and district .
This is n't the least bit surprising . Indeed , while Sam Stein uncovered important new details , this is n't especially new — Bachmann 's love of government spending has been highlighted quite a bit in recent months .
What 's more , the phenomenon certainly is n't limited to Bachmann — all kinds of right-wing lawmakers who swear public investments are fundamentally evil , including plenty of this year 's radical first-year student class , have spent a fair amount of time pleading for more public investment in their states and districts , insisting the spending would be good for the economy . Rachel Maddow did a segment on this last year that still stands out as devastating .
The easy observation is to mock the GOP hypocrisy , but Bachmann gave me a new idea : how about a new stimulus package focused on granting Republicans ' requests for public investments ?
Here 's the pitch : have the White House take the several hundred letters GOP lawmakers have sent to the executive branch since 2009 , asking for public investments , and let President Obama announce he 'll gladly fund all of the Republicans ' requests that have not yet been filled .
This is especially important when it comes to infrastructure , a sector in which GOP members have pleaded for more investment in their areas . When pressed , these same Republicans will offer an explanation that “ sounds like something out of the mouth of a Keynesian economist , rather than the musings of a member of congress who proudly touts their support from the Tea Party movement . ”
So , how about it ? If these Republican lawmakers have identified worthwhile projects in need of government spending , which they themselves insist will boost the economy , why not start spending the money GOP officials want to see spent ?
[ /caption ]
By some miracle of magic or science , Fox 's Fringe moved to Friday night and did not go down in the ratings .
The episode — titled “ The Firefly ” ( nicely ironic considering the show 's move to Fox 's infamous Death Slot ) — actually improved upon its most recent Thursday performance .
Fringe , which featured Christopher Lloyd as a guest star , delivered 4.9 million viewers and a 1.9 preliminary adults 18-49 rating last night . That 's right in line with its Thursday season average . Remember , Fox 's Kevin Reilly said if the show maintains its Thursday numbers on Friday , he 'd renew it , so let 's hope the drama can keep this up . ( Ken Tucker 's recap here ) .
The premiere of Kitchen Nightmares ( 4.3 million , 1.9 ) served up a solid lead-in for Fringe , and overall Fox was able to win the night . In fact , this was Fox 's highest-rated Friday with entertainment programs since 2008 .
Fox was helped by CBS airing repeats at 9 and 10 p.m. , but first the network aired the series finale of Medium , which posted a rather uneventful number ( 7.8 million , 1.6 ) for its last episode .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Sergey Romanchuk has had a stellar career . At 37 , they head the currency dealing department at a top commercial bank in Moscow and drives a Jaguar .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ( L ) listens during a meeting with organisers of the All-Russian People 's Front in Moscow December 8 , 2011 . REUTERS/Alexsey Druginyn/RIA Novosti/Pool
Romanchuk has found success and wealth under Prime Minister Vladimir Putin . But now they want them out and is joining the ranks of protesters who say a parliamentary election on Dec 4 was rigged to favor Putin 's United Russia party .
“ At first I was simply curious to see who these people are who voted for United Russia in such numbers , ” Romanchuk said , explaining their decision to work last Sunday as an election observer for the liberal Yabloko party .
They have compiled a four-page report , supported by video footage , which tells how stacks of ballots for United Russia were thrown into ballot boxes and is now helping prepare a court case .
“ The scale of the election fraud leaves no room for compromise ( with the authorities ) , ” said Romanchuk , who wrote a letter to President Dmitry Medvedev asking them to annul the election results and sack the head of the election commission .
Putin , who will seek their third term as president in an election in March , faces growing dissent among successful Russians like Romanchuk who have prospered in the market economy that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
It is a problem that is likely to haunt the 59-year-old leader until they do more to acknowledge their growing role in society .
Putin 's own economic policy and a surge in the price of oil , Russia 's main export commodity , have resulted in the emergence of a mass ‘ middle class ' of moderately wealthy professional people concentrated mainly in the large cities of Moscow and St Petersburg .
There are signs the Kremlin is ready to accommodate their demands for political representation , but Putin has struggled to convince the middle class they have a coherent strategy for dealing with it in a political system that is dominated by one man .
PROBLEMS CREATING PARTY FOR MIDDLE CLASS
“ There are two things ( lacking in Russian politics ) . The first one is a mass liberal party . Or , to put it more precisely , a party of irritated urban communities , ” the Kremlin 's chief domestic policy adviser , Vladislav Surkov , said this week in an interview with a prominent Russian journalist .
“ They should be given parliamentary representation , ” Surkov , the Kremlin 's “ grey cardinal ” who created Russia 's tightly controlled political system , said in the interview , which appeared on journalist Sergei Minayev 's blog .
But the Kremlin 's plans to promote a middle-class party before last Sunday 's election to the State Duma , the lower House of parliament , broke down when its leader , metals tycoon Mikhail Prokhorov , departed from the script .
After apparently backing their rise to the leadership of the small pro-business party Right Cause , the Kremlin pulled the rug from under them in September , with Surkov orchestrating the removal of Prokhorov and their supporters .
Prokhorov likened Surkov to a puppet master and said the Kremlin had “ privatised ” the political system .
“ Surkov does not understand that all of a sudden , thanks to the high oil price , there is middle class in Russia , ” said Oleg Tinkov , owner of retail bank Tinkov Credit Systems .
“ We are no longer happy with the pact ‘ Sausage in exchange for democracy ' . We spend one or two months a year abroad , we speak three languages and we think , ” they said .
Late Russian general and politician Alexander Lebed once said most Russians did not care who they were ruled by as long as they could buy six kinds of sausage and cheap vodka . Those days , it seems , are over .
GOATEE BEARDS
Protests after Sunday 's election , in which United Russia had its domination of the Duma reduced to a slim majority , swelled on Monday into the biggest opposition rally in Moscow in years .
Hundreds more protested on Monday but police have been out in force in the capital to prevent further rallies . The opposition , however , has been granted permission to protest in cities across the country on Saturday .
The protests have drawn an unusually high number of office workers and business people , angered by allegations that United Russia 's election result would have been even worse had it not been for alleged fraud such as ballot-stuffing .
The widely-resented super-rich , with their homes abroad , planes and yachts , have , not unexpectedly , played no evident role in protests . The ‘ working classes ' , low-earning industrial laborers courted by the communist party , are also yet to make their mark .
The protest leaders include lawyer Alexei Navalny , who gained popularity through their attacks on corruption in state companies on their blog , and Yevgeniya Chirikova , who has an MBA master 's degree in business administration and has conducted a campaign to protect a suburban forest .
More traditional opposition forces such as the communists have not been involved in the protests although they also say the election was rigged , a charge United Russia leaders ' deny .
The Centre for Strategic Research , which works for the government , estimated that the share of the middle class would grow from 20 percent of the population now to 40 percent by 2020 if the economy grew at a rate of 4 to 5 percent each year .
In a report unveiled last month , the centre said the middle class would become the driving force for a political transformation in Russia and would threaten Putin 's leadership .
It defined the middle class as people whose income is enough to buy housing using a mortgage , and put the per capita monthly income needed to afford a mortgage at 25,000 roubles ( $ 800 dollars ) .
“ Recent events show that what we had predicted is happening faster than we expected , ” said Sergei Belanovsky , one of the authors of the study .
Most political analysts say Putin is likely to regain the presidency in an election in March , but Belanovsky said : “ We are entering a period of turbulence . One extreme outcome would be that Putin did not become president . ”
Putin , who grew up in a rough working class neighborhood , feels at ease talking to nationalistic football fans or angry rural dwellers who lost their homes in forest fires last year . They seem less comfortable before a more sophisticated audience .
The former KGB colonel has made jokes about liberal intellectuals with “ goatee beards ” and sometimes accuses their critics of conspiring with the West to undermine their course for stability .
Putin 's anointing of Medvedev , who unlike their friend grew up in a family of academics and could find common ground with urban intellectuals , as president in 2008 temporarily united the middle class behind the Kremlin . The constitution barred Putin from seeking a third successive term .
But over the course of their four-year presidency , Medvedev 's inability to carry out political reforms and deliver results in fighting corruption and creating a fair judicial system have gradually alienated middle-class voters who want faster change .
NO ROOM FOR COMPROMISE
Medvedev 's rhetoric has triggered an increase in social activity , with people joining communities such as Blue Buckets , a movement which tracks and reports cases of traffic rule violations by high ranking bureaucrats .
This is a parody of the flashing blue lights on the limousines of top officials which sweep through Moscow 's traffic jams , often with a police escort forcing other drivers to clear the way .
Drivers brought to a standstill as their leaders speed by have started showing their frustration in Moscow by making a cacophony with their horns .
Putin 's decision to run for president , and Medvedev 's meek agreement to make way for them and lead United Russia 's parliamentary election campaign , have for many middle-class voters ended any remaining hope that Medvedev can bring change .
“ How can one have any respect for him ? ” said Sergei , a mid-level manager at state gas firm Gazprom , where Medvedev once chaired the board of directors .
Yevgeniya Albats , editor of the opposition-leaning weekly magazine The New Times , said : “ Since September 24 ( the day of the United Russia congress where the decision was announced ) the politician Dmitry Medvedev simply does not exist . ”
Medvedev has become the target of many jokes and derogatory remarks on the Internet . Some call them the “ Twitter President ” because of their liking of social networks and gadgets .
In a sign of their mistrust of United Russia , the protesters refer to United Russia as the “ party of swindlers and thieves ” .
Putin 's spokesperson , Dmitry Peskov , said the prime minister had sought to attract middle-class voters through the People 's Front , a movement created a few months ago to woo independent activists to run for parliament on United Russia 's ticket even though they are not party members .
“ These people will receive a very serious representation in parliament through the People 's Front , ” Peskov said . “ Many of the Front members have nothing in common with United Russia but they will use it as an instrument . ”
Peskov said that before the presidential election voters expect to see “ Putin , version 2.0 ” and that the risks posed by the middle class discontent will be addressed in their campaign programme , which will be unveiled in February .
This may be too little , too late for some middle-class voters .
“ I will be happy only if this election result is annulled and both Putin and Medvedev resign , ” Romanchuk said .
After the initial inspection of the house , they seem to be quite happy .
It was a bit tricky to move it to its place , but with the help of temporary wheels , it did not require more than two hands .
On the back side of their house is a small balcony , steps and …
… and small sliding doors .
But let me tell you how it all began .
Once upon a time in a small village in Fichtel Mountains lived a white rabbit . At night they were closed in the cage and during the day in a small fenced area .
The most fun thing they could do was to climb the mountain and watch the surroundings .
When I paid them a visit they were like “ Men ! Let me out ! ”
And so one day , after I gave it a good thought , I gave it a try . And they started to enjoy feeding on the grass whenever and wherever they liked .
Running around .
A string of suspicious incidents at Planned Parenthood clinics across the country has given the organization reason to believe that anti-abortion activists are targeting it in a new organized sting operation .
According to Planned Parenthood spokesperson Chloe Cooney , clinics in at least 11 states have reported two dozen or more `` hoax visits '' over the past several weeks , in which a woman walks into a clinic , claims to be pregnant and asks a particular pattern of provocative questions about sex-selective abortions , such as how soon they can find out the gender of the fetus , by what means and whether they can schedule an abortion if she 's having a girl .
While patient privacy laws prohibit Planned Parenthood from offering specific details about the visits and where they occurred , Cooney told The Huffington Post that the incidents are so unusual and so similar to each other that they have raised concerns among the organization 's executives that the visits are being recorded as part of a concerted anti-Planned Parenthood campaign .
`` For years opponents of reproductive health and Planned Parenthood have engaged in secret videotaping tactics with fictitious patient scenarios and selective editing in an attempt to promote misinformation about Planned Parenthood and our services , '' Cooney said . `` As with the prior instances , we anticipate that once again this group , likely in coordination with a broad range of anti-abortion leaders , will soon launch a propaganda campaign with the goal of discrediting Planned Parenthood , and , ultimately , restricting women 's health . ''
The most likely group behind the campaign , Planned Parenthood suspects , is anti-abortion activist group Live Action , which has a history of paying actors to walk into Planned Parenthood clinics and act out various controversial scenarios in an attempt to catch the family planning provider 's staffers doing something illegal or immoral on tape . A recent operation involved actors posing as pimps and prostitutes engaged in human trafficking and seeking birth control , STD testing and other family planning services . HuffPost 's Ryan Grim reported in February 2011 that Live Action heavily edited the videos they gathered to alter the meaning of conversations and falsely imply that Planned Parenthood is complicit in sex trafficking , but conservative lawmakers and media outlets cited the group 's videos in numerous subsequent political attacks against the family planning provider .
While Planned Parenthood has no proof that Live Action is behind the current series of encounters , Cooney said the group is the most coordinated in their operations and that the recent string of incidents `` follows their pattern exactly . ''
Kate Bryan , a spokesperson for Live Action , would not confirm whether the group was behind the newest Planned Parenthood sting . `` As you can understand , Live Action does not comment on any investigations until after public release , '' they said .
Spotlighting the issue of sex-selective abortions is an increasingly common tactic that the anti-abortion community has been using lately to turn the `` war on women '' around on Planned Parenthood , to galvanize social conservatives and to push legislation that would restrict abortion access . `` In 2010 , more than 9 out of 10 PPFA 's services going specifically to pregnant women were abortion , '' National Right to Life president Carol Tobias wrote in a recent opinion column . `` Roughly half of those abortions are performed on unborn girls . That 's the real war on women . ''
Lawmakers on both a state and federal level have also latched onto the issue by introducing legislation that criminalizes doctors who perform abortions based on the race or gender of the fetus , although opponents of those laws say they force doctors into the inappropriate position of investigating a woman 's personal motivations for seeking an abortion .
While Planned Parenthood condemns seeking abortions on the basis of the gender of the fetus , Cooney said the provider is also `` committed to providing high-quality , confidential , nonjudgmental care to all who come into our health centers . '' While Planned Parenthood staffers are extensively trained to answer unusual and difficult questions and to refer women to necessary counseling , none of its clinics will deny a woman an abortion based on their reasons for wanting one , except in those states that explicitly prohibit sex-selection abortion ( Arizona , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania and Illinois ) .
`` Decisions about whether to choose adoption , end the pregnancy or to raise a child have to be left up to a woman , their family and their faith , with the counsel of their doctor , '' Cooney said .
While the problem of sex selection has been widely documented in Southeast Asia , it 's unclear how often such gender-motivated abortions happen in the U.S . But Planned Parenthood executives and other experts on the issue acknowledge that they sometimes do .
`` The short answer is yes , it does happen here , but not to the same extent as in other countries , '' said Miriam Yeung , executive director of the National Asian Pacific American Women 's Forum .
The solution to sex selection , however , is not likely to be found in a Planned Parenthood investigation , Yeung said .
The Homeland Security Department warned of a possible ISIS terrorist attack in the U.S. five days before today 's New York City subway bombing , noting that it would likely be a hard-to-prevent lone wolf assault .
“ We assess there is currently an elevated threat of [ homegrown ] lone offender attacks by ISIS sympathizers , which is especially concerning because mobilized lone offenders present law enforcement with limited opportunities to detect and disrupt their plots , ” according to Robin Taylor , acting deputy under secretary for intelligence operations at Homeland Security .
Taylor revealed the new warning during a Senate hearing last week during which they added that while ISIS and al Qaeda have been hobbled on the battlefield , they remain strong in social media and in recruiting U.S. sympathizers .
To the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee chaired by Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson , Taylor said , “ We continue to monitor the evolving threat posed by ISIS . ISIS fighters ' battlefield experience in Syria and Iraq have armed it with advanced capabilities that most terrorist groups do not have . Even as the so-called ‘ caliphate ' collapses , ISIS fighters retain their toxic ideology and a will to fight . We remain concerned that foreign fighters from the U.S. or elsewhere who have traveled to Syria and Iraq and radicalized to violence will ultimately return to the U.S. or their home country to conduct attacks . ”
They added that “ core ” al Qaeda “ and its affiliates remain a major concern for DHS . Despite the deaths of many AQ senior leaders , the group and its affiliates maintain the intent , and , in some cases , the capability to facilitate and conduct attacks against U.S. citizens and facilities . The group and its affiliates have also demonstrated that capability to adjust tactics , techniques and procedures for targeting the West . ”
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
Einstein 's phrase “ spooky action at a distance ” has become synonymous with one of the most famous episodes in the history of physics—his battle with Bohr in the 1930s over the completeness of quantum mechanics .
Einstein 's weapons in this battle were thought experiments that they designed to highlight what they believed were the inadequacies of the new theory .
The most famous of these is the EPR paradox , announced in 1935 and named after its inventors Einstein , Boris Podolsky , and Nathan Rosen .
It involves a pair of particles linked by the strange quantum property of entanglement ( a word coined much later ) . Entanglement occurs when two particles are so deeply linked that they share the same existence . In the language of quantum mechanics , they are described by the same mathematical relation known as a wavefunction .
Entanglement arises naturally when two particles are created at the same point and instant in space , for example .
Entangled particles can become widely separated in space . But even so , the mathematics implies that a measurement on one immediately influences the other , regardless of the distance between them .
Einstein and co pointed out that according to special relativity , this was impossible and therefore , quantum mechanics must be wrong , or at least incomplete . Einstein famously called it spooky action at a distance .
The EPR paradox stumped Bohr and was not resolved until 1964 , long after Einstein 's death . CERN physicist John Bell resolved it by thinking of entanglement as an an entirely new kind of phenomenon , which they termed “ nonlocal . ”
The basic idea here is to think about the transfer of information . Entanglement allows one particle to instantaneously influence another but not in a way that allows classical information to travel faster than light . This resolved the paradox with special relativity but left much of the mystery intact . These days , the curious nature of entanglement is the subject of intense focus in labs around the world .
But that does n't tell the full story , says Hrvoje Nikoli at the Rudjer Boskovic Institute in Croatia . Today , they reveal that although history first records this paradox in 1935 , Einstein unknowingly stumbled across it much earlier , in 1930 .
At this time , they were working on another paradox , which they presented at the 6th Solvay Conference in Brussels in 1930 . This problem focused on the Heisenberg uncertainty relation between energy and time , which states that you can not measure both with high accuracy .
To challenge this , Einstein came up with the following thought experiment . Imagine a box that can be opened and closed quickly and which contains an ensemble of photons . When open , the box emits a single photon .
The time of emission can be measured with arbitrary precision–it 's just the length of time for which the box was open . According to quantum mechanics , this limits the resolution with which you can measure the photon 's energy .
But Einstein pointed out that this too can be measured with arbitrary precision , not by measuring the photon but by measuring the change of energy of the box when the photon is emitted , which must be equal to the energy of the photon . Therefore , quantum mechanics is inconsistent , they said .
Einstein 's great rival , Bohr , puzzled long and hard over this but eventually came up with the following argument . They said that Einstein 's own theory of general relativity provided the answer .
Since the measurement of time takes place in a gravitational field , the lapse in time during which the box is open must also depend on the box 's position .
The uncertainty in position is an additional factor that Einstein had not taken into account , and this , according to Bohr , resolved the paradox . Einstein was sent packing .
Of course , this is not a very satisfactory answer to the modern eye . It implies , for one thing , that quantum mechanics requires general relativity to be consistent , an idea that modern physicists would roundly reject .
Nikoli says this problem has never been satisfactorily analyzed from a modern perspective . Until now .
They say the proper resolution is to think of the total energy of the system , which is the energy of the box and the energy of the photon . The total energy is constant and governed by a single mathematical entity , even after the photon is emitted .
So the box and the photon must be entangled .
This immediately raises the problem that Einstein later hit on in the EPR paradox . A measurement on the box immediately influences the photon and vice versa–spooky action at a distance .
For this reason , the photon paradox is equivalent to the EPR paradox , says Nikoli . Had Einstein noticed it , they could have stopped Bohr in their tracks .
That 's an interesting historical footnote . Bohr 's triumph over Einstein on this occasion is widely thought to have been theirs greatest .
But now it 's easy to see that things could have been significantly different if Einstein had reformulated their argument in terms of entanglement .
Thus is history forged !
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1203.1139 : EPR Before EPR : A 1930 Einstein-Bohr Thought Experiment Revisited
`` There is no person , and there is no nation , who can be the unique locus of the spirit , for the spirit lives in all people and in all nations . To fail to see this is to be morally blind and therefore deprived of both patriotism and legal consciousness . Such a path of spiritual blindness is truly a non-ethical path , one having nothing in common with love for one 's native land ; because true patriotism is not a blind but a seeing form of love ... `` Ivan Ilyin
People who care about Russia – its culture , its history and traditions , and , most importantly , its people – have had reason to feel fearful and frustrated in recent years . Among other reasons because the media in the United States has gotten into one of its by-now all-too-familiar campaigns of simplification and demonization of a foreign country and its leader . Such campaigns ( remember Nicaragua ? Iraq ? Libya ? ) usually signal that the US government is getting itself ready for the attack .
It was in such a context , about a year ago , that Russia Insider came on the scene . Initially it shared lots of tongue-in-cheek articles , often ridiculing simplistic caricatures of Russia in Western media . It also included thoughtful analyses -- some of them reprints from other sources , others by its own regular writers . Reprints of my own work have appeared there on a few occasions .
Patriarch Kirill commemorates the victims of Katyn massacre
Here 's the thing , though . A recent article in Russia Insider , Nikolai Starikov 's “ Why Russia Should Not Repent for Them Past ” ( Russia Insider , October , 2015 ) , has got me wondering about , first of all , whether Russian Insider is n't straying into dangerous territory ; and secondly , whether we think clearly enough about what it is in Russia that deserves our respect .
Problems of History
We all know that ‘ history is written by the victors . ' Readers of Russia Insider doubtless include many who accept this well-known saying and are therefore skeptical of official narratives . Indeed , I would include myself among the skeptical . And why not ? After all , quite a bit that we have been told by ‘ reputable sources ' in the United States over recent decades has turned out not to be true . And for some reason we tend to find out only after such knowledge is no longer of any practical use ( Tonkin Gulf , Contra drug running , weapons of mass destruction , etc . ) .
Pervasive skepticism , however , raises its own difficulties , especially for those of us whose understanding of history boils down to being a matter of whom we can trust . How can the non-professional historian respond to the complex uncertainties of history ? There is a temptation to conclude that the search for historical truth is altogether vain ; that history is a game to be played for political gain , and nothing more . That what we need to do , instead , is accept whichever version of ‘ truth ' is most advantageous to ‘ our side ' .
This latter course is the one chosen by Nikolai Starikov . Let 's take a quick look at their historical methodology -- for example , as regards the once-controversial question about who was responsible for the Katyn massacre of Polish officers during WWII . Reputable historians in and outside of Russia have long been convinced that the evidence proves beyond reasonable doubt that it was Stalin 's regime that carried out the massacres . Starikov calls this “ a lie . ”
Their reasoning ( if the word ‘ reasoning ' is warranted here ) completely ignores the question of evidence . They are concerned only with political consequences . “ [ R ] epentance ” for Katyn , writes Starikov , “ would bring nothing but problems. ” Accepting “ the lie ” that the Polish officers at Katyn were executed on Stalin 's order rather than by the Nazis has had a bad influence on Russia 's relations with Poland , Starikov writes . The “ lie ” and the disadvantage , for him , are one and the same .
Indeed , their methodology is blatantly consequentialist . If “ de-Stalinization ” is harmful , then the right approach is to accept an extreme historicism which dismisses Stalin 's mass repressions as “ triggered … by the realities of the period ” in which they lived . For a ‘ historian , ' Starikov demonstrates remarkable indifference to history . “ Politics , especially international politics , ” they write , “ is always a complicated matter . There is no objective morality here , just ourselves and our allies set against foreign and domestic enemies who wish to dominate and rob us [ emphasis mine ] . ” History is politics continued by other means .
It is true that Starikov is not the only one playing this game . Machiavellis in the U.S. are also quite capable of picking and choosing which aspects of history to focus on , which demons to demonize , and then using this selective history as a political tool .
Political power does ‘ complicate ' the quest for truth . Does this mean that we can not know who actually was guilty of the Katyn massacres ? Does it mean we can not know the truth of any of the various other controversial incidents in history ? To an extent , it depends on luck . Sometimes the right documents fall into the right hands at a propitious political moment , and we find out . Such was the case with Katyn . We know that this massacre was perpetrated by the USSR . But at other times , as the pessimist Simone Weil once wrote , “ … according to the nature of things , documents originate among the powerful ones , the conquerors . History , therefore , is nothing but a combination of the depositions made by assassins with respect to their victims and themselves . ”
The truth of history can only be known within an atmosphere that actually cares for the truth as the most important thing . It is only in such a milieu that the methods of professional historical inquiry can produce their results .
Without the Truth , Why Should We Care ?
Is it possible that Starikov is right , then , after all ? If all sides are playing political games , why should n't Russia as well – and beat the others at their own game ?
Well , for one thing , it is not true that other countries are always so eager to tell lies about their own histories . But let 's set all that aside . Just for the sake of argument , let 's pretend that the cynicism is just as rampant as Starikov and their supporters ( including many on the comment thread of their article appearing in Russia Insider ) suppose . What then ? According to this logic , all we need ever say about the history of Russia , is what is to Russia 's advantage . And all we need ever say , by extension , about the United States ( or any other country ) is what is to the advantage of those countries . The ‘ truth , ' such as it is , in such a world , can only ever be determined by the victors , in other words , by the strongest . And as the passage from Simone Weil suggests , such is sometimes the only ‘ truth ' we get our hands on : the ‘ truth ' of the victors .
The question to ask at this point , however , is this : why should we care about such a ‘ truth ' ? Why should we care about a country that is concerned with nothing more than the extension of its own power ? Is it possible to love such a country ?
History , the truth of history , is not a game , after all ; it is our only contact with reality . Starikov far too lightly discards the truth as a matter of any interest . ( In this respect too , unfortunately , they are far from unique . ) But as a consequence of this indifference , there remains no ‘ Russia ' left that they can ‘ love . ' For as Simone Weil also taught us , in the final analysis , it is not truth that we love , but reality , “ What one loves is something which exists … and which may hence be an occasion for truth or error. ” If we are indifferent to truth , we must by an iron logic be indifferent to our country as well , and to every other possible object of affection , because all we can know are phantasms .
It is a mystery to me why Starikov has embarked on this dead-end quest for a mighty Russia that ignores everything noble in Russia 's past – its great writers and philosophers ( who would all to a man be horrified at their writings ) as well as its people , who , I am convinced , have a special knack for love , or can have – when they overcome the cynicism and poisonous nationalism that too often infect their once-great land .
It 's not a lengthy quote , but the director has commented on the persistent rumor that he 'll re-team with their Star Trek Into Darkness villain for Star Wars Episode VII .. and far from being a denial , they sound pretty positive about it .
JJ Abrams on # StarWars : `` We 're working our asses off trying to get things in place w/ casting . '' Benedict Cumberbatch ? `` I love that guy . '' — Yvonne Villarreal ( @ villarrealy ) September 20 , 2013
When the initial word of Benedict Cumberbatch 's involvement in J.J Abrams ' newflick hit it was almost immediately dismissed as fan casting , before being denied by the actor 's reps . But the rumor refused to go away , with the latest report from Latino review claiming that Cumberbtach is definitely , 100 % in the movie ( and the next two films in the new trilogy ) , no matter what they or anyone else involved may say to the contrary . Well now we have a quote on it from Abrams himself , who was quizzed about the rumor by LA Times reporter Yvonne Villarreal.Hardly confirmation , but far from a dismissal at the same time . Of course Abrams ' secrecy and fondness for deception also has to be taken into account , and they may just be keeping the rumor mill spinning . What do you guys think ?
A team of experts has discovered a new species of macaque in the Tibetan state of Modog and they are distinguishable from the other four kinds of macaque because of its penis . The new spcies is called Macacaleucogenys or the 'white-cheeked macaque ' .
The white-cheeked macaque has an unusual shaped penis as they have a rounded penis and a dark , hairy scrotum . On the other hand , other macaque species have spear-shaped penises and white scrotums .
The experts also said that the new species also has thick , long hair around its neck.Editor Paul Garber has said that they believe that the discovery will lead to new discoveries in the area . They pointed out that there have very little scientific research in the area .
Researcher Chao Zhao said , `` The forest in Modog is like a nature library , and we know very little about it . Discovery of the new macaque species suggests that there may be some species that still remain undiscovered in this area . '' Experts also said that the new species is threatened by hunting and planned construction .
The study was published in the American Journal of Primatology .
U.S.-backed Iraqi troops are fighting side by side with Shiite paramilitary forces backed by Iran for the first time in the campaign to take back Mosul , deepening U.S. fears that Tehran is claiming a greater role in the critical battle to oust Islamic State militants from Iraq 's second-largest city .
Over the past week , Iraqi government units have quietly advanced alongside units of the Popular Mobilization Forces , the large coalition of Iraqi paramilitaries comprising primarily militias supported by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps . They are jointly advancing on the northern Iraqi city of Tal Afar , less than 50 miles west of Mosul , Pentagon officials confirmed Monday .
Those units are trying to cut off possible escape routes for Islamic State fighters between western Mosul and the Syrian border , as Iraqi and Kurdish forces continue to press into the city 's northern , eastern and southern borders .
But this mingling of Iraqi government troops and the Shiite militias could put U.S. commanders in the uncomfortable position of having to provide American air support for militias with clear links to the Iranian regime , something Washington fiercely opposes .
U.S. commanders have made clear that no American assets would be used to assist or reinforce advancing militias fighting under the banner of the Popular Mobilization Forces , a U.S. defense official told The Washington Times . That policy will remain in place despite the presence of Iraqi troops within the militia 's ranks , the official said .
It is unclear how U.S. forces would respond if the Iraqi troops embedded with the militias called for American airstrikes , since American assets are tasked with defending Iraqi and coalition forces .
“ That is going to be a challenge , ” the official said .
Potential responses by U.S. forces to attacks on embedded Iraqi troops with the militias would not be limited to American fighters and bombers , a second U.S. defense official said . Armed American drones and U.S. artillery batteries in and around Tal Afar also could be used to defend Iraqi forces fighting alongside the militias , the official said Monday .
“ The Iraqis have [ jet ] fighters too , ” the official noted .
The militias , which are not officially part of the Iraqi armed forces but fall under the command of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi , have played an integral role in the fight against the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL . They have played a major role in the recapture of the major Iraqi cities of Ramadi and Fallujah from the terrorist group 's control .
U.S. commanders in Iraq have deferred to Baghdad 's decision to incorporate the Shiite-dominated militia groups into the Mosul fight and remain optimistic that those forces will adhere to Iraq 's chain of command and not to their Iranian advisers .
But the militia 's victories , particularly in Fallujah , have been tainted by reports of egregious human rights abuses and sectarian violence against Sunni civilians by the Shiite groups allied with Tehran after the city fell .
Separately , Islamic State fighters on Monday appeared to be trying to divert the pressure building on their Mosul stronghold by launching suicide attacks in Fallujah and the Shiite holy city of Karbala .
Two suicide car bombs ripped through Fallujah 's city center , killing two Iraqi police officers and injuring 17 others , including civilians , The Associated Press reported . It was the first attack in the city since Iraqi forces liberated it from Islamic State control in June .
The attacks in Fallujah and Karbala , along with Islamic State assaults on Kirkuk , Sinjar and Rutba last month , forced Iraqi commanders to move troops from the Mosul operation to quell those attacks , which placed more responsibility on the militia 's shoulders .
But Baghdad 's decision to include Iraqi military units into the militia 's offensive was a positive sign that the paramilitary groups were refraining from such sectarian attacks in the Mosul offensive , Pentagon officials said privately .
Pressure from the Popular Mobilization Committee , the government-sanctioned commission tasked with overseeing the militias , as well as Iranian military advisers on the ground to avoid any sectarian violence , has resonated with both Sunni and Shiite militia leaders .
“ Soleimani has put the fear of God into them , ” regarding the consequences of any attacks on Sunni civilians by Shiite militias , said the official , referring to Iranian Maj. Gen. Qassem Soleimani , commander of the Quds force , the special operations wing of Iran 's military spearheading Tehran 's mission in Iraq .
“ I think [ the partnership with the Popular Mobilization Forces ] is a positive step , ” the official said .
U.N. spokesperson Farhan Haq revealed Monday that some 54,000 civilians have fled their homes in the weeks since the formal campaign to recapture Mosul from Islamic State forces began last month , including more than 6,000 in the past four days . About three-quarters of the displaced people are being sheltered in camps set up by the United Nations and its humanitarian partners and one-quarter are being housed in host communities , the AP reported .
Mr. Haq said the World Food Program has provided assistance to more than 100,000 people fleeing the conflict , including a distribution to 25,000 people on Sunday in Gogjali , the first neighborhood retaken inside Mosul .
• This article is based in part on wire service reports .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Source : Unsplash/Pexels
Have you ever travelled by car or plane to a distant , unfamiliar place , trusting you 'd reach your destination and , though nervous , feeling ready for a new adventure ? Or felt both excited and apprehensive when starting a new ? Or even leaving a home you know and establishing a life far from where you started ?
Perhaps you had those dizzying butterflies . Maybe you felt as though you were standing on the edge of your own personal cliff , unsteady on your feet and unsure where your next step would take your life , but ready to take the leap . If you 've ever experienced moments like these , you 're far from alone . Yet we sure feel alone at these times , do n't we ?
As we encounter the complexities and of life , we face decisions that are both unfamiliar and commonplace , and impact our lives for the short term and over the long haul . What 's especially thorny is that we ca n't see into the future , so we 're ceaselessly stepping into the dimness of the coming hour , the twilight of tomorrow , and the obscurity of next year . We 're always living and choosing with a measure of ignorance . What 's more , there 's an interaction between what we can and can not control , the two weaving together and draping a unique fabric over our situation . On top of all that , risk and danger are sewn into the fabric as well . At times , we turn a blind eye to this risk , which has its own ramifications .
How do we make our way in the world , especially with such uncertainty and when there 's so much beyond our control ? How do we reach for our and navigate obstacles amid risk and danger , all the while keeping our wits about us rather than cowering in our bed in a state of ?
As we go about living , we carry along a set of beliefs that lead us to downplay our sense of risk and vulnerability to harm . They include notions such as the following :
People are basically decent .
Bad things probably are n't going to happen to us .
Life is generally fair , as long as we 're decent and try to do the right thing , we 'll be fine .
If we make prudent choices , we can control what happens to us and safeguard ourselves against harm .
Of course , not all of us hold these beliefs , particularly if we 've encountered serious harm or damage that defies these ideas . But for many of us , we go about our lives with basic assumptions of mitigated risk , and this sense of being almost risk-proof provides benefits to us as we navigate life . But , it can also cost us . Let 's start with the price we pay in a few areas .
It 's Risky to Turn Down the Dial on Risk
Driving
We 're actually just as likely to die driving a measly twelve miles by car as we are on a cross-country flight between Los Angeles and Boston . Yet many of us fearlessly drive every day , and the consequences can be tragic . Study findings reveal that in the year following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the number of people who drive bumped up sharply . Presumably , this reflected people 's decision to drive rather than fly in an attempt to avoid facing the same doom as the 256 passengers who lost their lives on the four planes that horrific day . Terribly , it backfired , and approximately 1,500 additional people died on the roads during that year in the mistaken that they were in control and making themselves safer .
Although anyone can struggle with their drinking , some are more at risk than others . For instance , there 's ample scientific evidence that people with a family history of alcohol are especially at risk of developing a drinking problem , but not everyone with a family history acknowledges their risk . This is unfortunate , because an awareness of their risk predicts lowered alcohol use . But regardless of family history , it 's unsafe to minimize the risk around alcohol . For example , people who make light of their likelihood of having difficulties linked to drinking in college , such as conflicts over alcohol use , are actually at greater odds of experiencing these types of problems .
We 're also experts at playing down health risks . Unfortunately , this can also lessen our odds of taking preventative measures or inflate the chances that we 'll miss the full scope of our risk . For instance , a 2014 study reveals that people who are obese believe they 're more likely to have a stroke or a heart attack than they really are , yet they downplay their odds of battling hypertension and rheumatism . Among women with higher odds of developing breast cancer , a whopping 89 percent of them underplay their risk . And people who tend to believe that bad stuff probably wo n't happen to them are more likely to minimize their risk for cardiovascular disease and are less inclined to take preventive measures .
Then Again , It 's Risky Not to Turn Down the Dial on Risk
Despite the disadvantages of turning down the dial on risk , denial of risk is also a potent helpmate . For instance , people who make light of the odds of bad things befalling them , even after a cardiac health scare , are actually less likely to experience another scare again in the coming year . And even among people who think means having less health and vitality—a mind-set that itself is a risk factor for health problems over time—an upbeat , confident vision of the future can help safeguard people 's mental and physical health over time as they age .
What 's more , our ability to turn down the dial on risk arguably helps sustain us as we travel the road of life and reach for our goals , which is a journey filled with uncertainty . If we 're going to embrace that journey , we probably need to be willing to take chances and downplay the risks . When we turn down the dial on risk , it 's like giving ourselves a mental safety net . It bolsters us to live our lives , to get out of bed and function throughout our day , rather than cower under the covers in terror at all of the potential hazards awaiting us . It allows us to be healthy , engaged human beings in the world and to go after the gems that life has to offer . We might just want to remind ourselves that we 're not invincible either , and to be for what we have in life for as long as we have it .
Holly Parker is the author of When Reality Bites : How Denial Helps and What to Do When It Hurts . Copyright Holly Parker 2016
Join me on Twitter @ DrHollyParker .
Or : how to turn this ..
into this ..
I was given a lovely glowing cube by the generous people at Linden Labs as a freebie at a job fair yesterday , and I decided that it was far too attractive to simply sit there on a shelf , pulsating forlornly until its batteries went flat . How about making it useful , while maintaining its visual appeal ?
The following guide is deliberately fairly high-level , because the exact details will vary depending on your operating system and particular hardware setup . I did this with my Mac , but hopefully there 'll be enough information here for you make it work on your system , perhaps with a little Googling .
If you do n't happen to have a glowing cube lying around , you can modify this to work with almost any output device you could think of , from a simple LED , or a buzzer , to something far more clever like moving a servo ( Gmail Notifier Robot , anyone ? )
The basic system has three components :
the software that runs on your computer ,
the electronics hardware that sits between the computer and the output device ,
and the software that runs on that hardware .
Every so often , the computer checks for new emails in your Gmail account , and then tells the electronics board whether any have arrived . If they have , the board turns on the output device ( the cube ) . Simple .
Hardware
The hardware itself is the popular Arduino board , the tinkerer 's dream device . I 'm actually using a Boarduino , but any variant should work ( subject to a small but important detail , see below ) . This might be particularly interesting with a Bluetooth Arduino ..
The Arduino talks with your computer over a serial connection , which runs over the normal USB cable you use to communicate with your Arduino .
Here 's the first important note : the latest Arduino Diecimila has an `` auto-reset '' feature which allows you to upload programs to the board without manually pressing the Reset button every time . This works by resetting the board whenever it receives any data over the serial port . Because we are going to be sending serial data to the board regularly , this is not what we want . Fortunately , this feature can be disabled on my Boarduino by simply removing a capacitor ( C6 ) , but it may be trickier on the official Arduino . Any suggestions for how to get round this in software would be gladly received ( leave a comment ! ) . One way is to simply keep the serial port open all the time ( perhaps using the Serial Proxy , link at the bottom of this page ) . This solution is n't much use for me , as I 'll be unplugging the USB connection regularly and do n't want to have to disable anything first . However this may be fine if your computer is a desktop and you can leave the Arduino plugged in all the time . If you go this route , you 'll have to use a different script running on the computer , and make sure it runs continually rather than repeatedly . I 'll leave this to you !
I connected up the cube using a PC fan extension cable from Maplin - simply because the connector on the end fits perfectly on the pins of my Boarduino . Use your own method to connect your output device .
I chopped off the `` plug '' end of the cable and soldered it onto the battery connectors on the cube , drilling a hole in the battery cover to allow the wires to pass through :
Connected up to the Boarduino for testing :
Software
This project requires two bits of software : one running on the Arduino to receive serial data and toggle the output accordingly , and one running on the computer to check for new emails and send data out over the serial port . To re-iterate , these code listings should only be used as a guide . They work for me , but I do n't guarantee they 'll work for you , and I accept no responsibility for breaking things . If you do n't understand what this code is doing , you probably should n't be running it .
The Arduino software is fairly trivial . It just loops round , watching for bytes coming in over the serial port , and sets a variable called `` mail '' to be true if the data is an 'M ' , and false if it 's an 'N ' ( of course these characters are arbitrary ) . It then updates the value of the output pin to be equal to this mail variable . You can hack this and expand it or modify it however you like - perhaps you could make an LED blink when you have new email instead of just turn on ?
int outPin = 12 ; // Output connected to digital pin 12 int mail = LOW ; // Is there new mail ? int val ; // Value read from the serial port void setup ( ) { pinMode ( outPin , OUTPUT ) ; // sets the digital pin as output Serial.begin ( 9600 ) ; Serial.flush ( ) ; } void loop ( ) { // Read from serial port if ( Serial.available ( ) ) { val = Serial.read ( ) ; Serial.println ( val ) ; if ( val == 'M ' ) mail = HIGH ; else if ( val == 'N ' ) mail = LOW ; } // Set the status of the output pin digitalWrite ( outPin , mail ) ; }
Upload this to your Arduino , and then connect your output device to pin 12 .
The software for the computer takes the form of a Python script , and is slightly trickier . First , it tries to open the serial port for communication with your Arduino . If it ca n't do this ( say , if your USB cable is unplugged ) , it quits immediately . If the serial port opens successfully , the script has to talk to Google 's servers to determine if you have any new email waiting for you . It does this by authenticating with your Gmail username and password , and then requesting the Atom feed for your inbox ( this part of the script is based on code from here ) . It then parses out the line containing the number of unread messages ( the XML tag is called ) . If the unread message count is zero , it sends an 'N ' over the serial connection . If it 's greater than zero , it sends an 'M ' .
This requires the pySerial library and the Universal Feed Parser module from .
import serial , sys , feedparser # Settings - Change these to match your account details USERNAME= '' username @ gmail.com '' PASSWORD= '' yourpassword '' PROTO= '' https : // '' SERVER= '' mail.google.com '' PATH= '' /gmail/feed/atom '' SERIALPORT = `` /dev/tty.usbserial-FTDK0P3M '' # Change this to your serial port ! # Set up serial port try : ser = serial.Serial ( SERIALPORT , 9600 ) except serial.SerialException : sys.exit ( ) newmails = int ( feedparser.parse ( PROTO + USERNAME + `` : '' + PASSWORD + `` @ '' + SERVER + PATH ) [ `` feed '' ] [ `` fullcount '' ] ) # Output data to serial port if newmails > 0 : ser.write ( 'M ' ) else : ser.write ( 'N ' ) # Close serial port ser.close ( )
Now , this script needs to be run regularly ( say , once a minute ) so that when you get a new email , your notifier will light up promptly . On Mac OS X , the launchd service handles , among other things , launching programs at set intervals ( on other Unix systems liked Linux , you may need to use cron . On Windows , I have no idea - but I 'd imagine it 's possible somehow ) .
Put this code in a .plist file ( mine 's called org.j4mie.check-gmail.plist - I have no idea if you have to follow the weird naming format , but it works for me ) and save it in ~/Library/LaunchAgents ( create this folder if it does n't exist ) . Do n't forget to change the second ProgramArguments string to the location of your Python script .
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' UTF-8 '' ? > < ! DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC `` -//Apple Computer//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN '' `` http : //www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd '' > < plist version= '' 1.0 '' > < dict > < key > Label < /key > < string > org.j4mie.check-gmail < /string > < key > OnDemand < /key > < true/ > < key > ProgramArguments < /key > < array > < string > /usr/bin/python < /string > < string > /Users/yourusername/path/to/check-gmail.py < /string > < /array > < key > StartInterval < /key > < integer > 60 < /integer > < /dict > < /plist >
UPDATE : As Jonas Stenberg pointed out in the comments , you may need to alter the /usr/bin/python string in this plist file to point to the location of the Python interpreter on your machine , for example /usr/local/bin/python2.5 .
To load this plist file into launchd , type launchctl load ~/Library/LaunchAgents/org.j4mie.check-gmail.plist at the terminal ( or reboot your computer ) .
And , with any luck , that should be it ! Once a minute , your Python script will execute , checking for any new emails in your inbox . If any have arrived , your cube ( or other output device ) should spring into life !
Chester have returned to the top tier of non-league football after winning the Blue Square Bet North title .
Lewis Turner 's early second-half goal was enough to beat Boston in front of a crowd of 3,685 at the Deva Stadium .
With the nearest rivals Guiseley losing 1-0 at Brackley , that sealed promotion .
Following Chester City 's liquidation with two months of the 2009-10 Conference season to go , the reborn club they spawned have now reached the same fifth tier of English football .
Chester have now won the title three seasons running under manager Neil Young .
On-loan Leeds United defender Lewis Turner 's 46th-minute header was Chester 's 100th goal of the season - and they still have four matches to play to try and beat the figure of 107 they scored in Evo-Stik League Division One North two seasons ago
After starting their new life in the Evo-Stik League Division One North in August 2010 , they eventually won that only on goal difference from Skelmersdale United , losing just five of their 44 matches , scoring 107 goals .
They then scored 102 goals in 42 games , losing only four times , to win the Evo-Stik Premier by 17 points from the nearest challengers Northwich Victoria in 2011-12 .
This season , they have lost just once in 38 games to reach 103 points , to lead second-placed Guiseley by 21 points .
Saturday 's 10th straight league win for Young 's men means that they are now unbeaten in 28 matches , in all competitions .
And , if they win at Guiseley on Saturday , they will be unbeaten in 31 league matches - equalling a club record set back in the 1931/32 season , their first season in the Football League .
Their only league defeat came at Boston back on 15 September , since when they have suffered disappointment only in the FA Cup third qualifying round , at Halifax , and in the FA Trophy , also in a third qualifying round tie at Worksop on 14 November .
The fan-owned club average crowds of 2,540 at the Deva , where they have won 18 of their 20 home games , being held only by Bradford Park Avenue and Brackley .
In the season when they were finally thrown out of the Conference in February 2010 , for failing to fulfil first team fixtures , home gates had slumped to well under 1,000 .
Negative reviews happen ; do n't beat yourself up too much about them . But if negative reviews are affecting your app 's performance , it 's time to rethink your ratings/reviews strategy . ) , some good apps unfortunately face premature app store death . So here are 3 tactics you should be using to improve your ratings ( given that your app does n't actually suck ) : The best way to get the reviews you want is to structure your review process for good reviews . There are many ways to do this , one of the most effective is creating a first filter for good/bad reviews.1 ) Are you having a good time ? 2 ) New screen opens based on your answer to previous question.Yes > > opens screen to leave a review.No > > opens screen to send feedback via e-mail.Secondly , when you 're still in early stages , your app is bound to be glitchy and full of bugs . When you 're just starting out , you do n't want early negative reviews to dilute your brand . There 's a cool startup called Instabug that deal with this problem : allowing your early adopters to send you feedback via them instead of negative reviews.The last tactic I can recommend is : avalanche your bad reviews ! You hopefully have a cool app that does what it 's supposed to do , so just getting more users to review it will help you dilute the negative reviews ( i.e . review screens at `` happy moments '' , e-mail campaigns to users , pr campaigns , go all out . )
Surly 's Karate Monkey has always been a crowd favorite , but it 's about to get a lot more versatile . Unlike the race oriented Foundry Firetower , the Karate Monkey is gaining a new wheel size trick . But part of that is the introduction of a brand-new frame and fork that adds benefits even if you plan on running it as a 29er instead of plus thanks to more modern geometry . In fact , the Karate Monkey will be sold in both builds , each making use of the Gnot Boost spacing…
Similar to the dropouts that were introduced on the Wednesday , the Gnot Boost dropouts are exactly what they sound like . They 're not Boost . But they 're also not 142mm . Instead , the dropouts measure 145mm which can easily stretch to fit Boost hubs , or crank down to fit 142mm hubs . The horizontal dropouts also include a vertical slot to make wheel changes easier after the TA is removed .
Another clever touch , the included thru axle will work with both 142 and 148mm hubs thanks to the cap on the end . One a 142mm hub the extra axle slides inside the cap to allow it to tighten down . Going even further , Surly offers 10/12 adapter washers that will allow you to use 135mm QR hubs with the frame as well .
Thanks to the chainstay plate and Gnot Boost dropouts , the 4130 Natch chromoly frame will clear 27.5 x 3.0″ or 29 x 2.5″ tires . While the frame keeps a classic threaded 73mm bottom bracket , geometry becomes more modern with a longer top tube and shorter stem , 69º head tube angle ( down to 67.5 depending on fork ) , and a shorter 30.9mm seat post for use with internal droppers . Sold with a rigid Boost 110 spaced fork suspension corrected to 100mm sagged , the frame will work with up to a 140mm travel suspension fork which is where the slacker head tube comes in .
Surly has also added an XS size to the line up thanks to the longer front center which allows for a tiny bike without toe overlap .
Over on the purple side , this 29″ build only needs one gear . That means the build options will be an orange 1×11 , 27+ , Boost Karate Monkey , or the purple , 1×1 , Gnot-boost , 29er ( both are also front derailleur compatible ) . Complete builds will only be available in one color each , but both colors will be available as framesets .
Both builds include tubeless ready Alex rims and tubeless tires , with the plus build taking advantage of the newer 27.5 x 3.0″ Dirt Wizards . Expect these to hit the trails this October .
surlybikes.com
Loyola University Chicago 's Stritch School of Medicine appears to be the first – and so far only – medical school in the country to openly admit illegal immigrants – and has seven such students currently enrolled , a campus official tells The College Fix .
Under Stritch 's admission policy , illegal aliens who fall under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals status , also known as DACA and “ DREAMers , ” are eligible to be admitted to the medical school .
DACA was created in 2012 when President Obama signed an executive order that stated , in effect , that illegal immigrant children who were brought to the United States before their 16th birthday , are currently no older than 31 , and have completed a certain level of education or military service , can obtain work permits and Social Security numbers .
Stritch has taken advantage of the policy change and now allows DACA-classified students to apply for medical school . DACA students were first admitted this year as part of the Class of 2018 . Seven students were accepted , a campus official confirmed to The College Fix .
When asked to explain or elaborate on the policy , college officials referred The College Fix to its online documents that detail the program .
On its website , Stritch lays out three reasons for its new admissions policy , saying that admitting DACA students adheres to the university 's “ Jesuit & Catholic values , ” that it is in “ the interests of the medical profession and medical education , ” and that “ DACA status removes a long-standing barrier to securing a residency slot . ”
Loyola 's student paper , The Phoenix , reported last year about the change in the medical school 's admission policy .
“ The Stritch School of Medicine has worked hard to establish itself as a place of diversity , according to [ Dr. Linda Brubaker , dean and chief diversity officer of the Stritch School of Medicine ] , ” the newspaper reported . “ Brubaker and the rest of the staff feel that by being the first medical school in the country to admit DACA students they will continue to be at the forefront of diversity . ”
So far , Stritch appears to be the only medical school in the country to offer admission to DACA-status students . Mark Kuczewski , chair of Loyola 's department of medical education , told Crain 's Chicago Business that they are surprised no one else is following Loyola 's lead .
“ I am a little surprised that we 're not hearing more interest within the state , ” they said .
But other schools , it seems , are more cautios with “ Dreamers , ” perhaps because their DACA status is still temporary – and always will be until Congress addresses the immigration issue .
According to Darryl Pendleton of the University of Illinois at Chicago 's College of Dentistry : “ We only have limited spots , and if it looks as if the person is in a temporary status for whatever reason , it 's probably better for everyone involved to err on the side of those individuals who do have a status who are trying to get into our program . ”
With the Class of 2018 already enrolled and started on their education , it remains to be seen whether the number of Dreamer applicants and students will grow , or if other schools will open their doors to “ Dreamers . ”
College Fix reporter Dominic Lynch is a student at Loyola University Chicago .
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Remembering New Orleans ' Overlooked Ties To Slavery
Enlarge this image toggle caption William Henry Brooke , 1772-1860/Courtesy of The Historic New Orleans Collection William Henry Brooke , 1772-1860/Courtesy of The Historic New Orleans Collection
After the U.S. banned international slave trading in 1808 , more than 1 million people were forcibly moved from the Upper South to the Lower South .
Often , the first stop was the slave markets of New Orleans , where families were divided for good .
And today , little evidence of what happened in these places , and to these people , remains .
Back when cotton was king , New Orleans was its queen city .
`` Slavery and cotton go hand in hand , '' historian Erin Greenwald says . `` It is a place where cotton is bought and sold , shipped to and shipped from , and the same is true of the slave trade here . ''
Greenwald curated an exhibit at the Historic New Orleans Collection called `` Purchased Lives '' about the domestic slave trade . They say other Southern cities confined the slave trade to a single building or street . But that was n't the case with New Orleans .
`` New Orleans was completely saturated , '' they say .
Enslaved people were sold in the middle of the business district . They were sold on boats , in French Quarter courtyards and in the most sumptuous room of the most luxurious hotel in the South , the St. Louis Hotel .
Today , there 's no plaque on the facade of that building to announce that an auction block once existed there . In fact , Greenwald says , New Orleans has very few physical markers commemorating this history .
`` People 's tendency is to celebrate the past . And so it 's harder to get , I think , a city to want to commemorate or recognize something negative from the past , '' they say .
It 's not unlike the debate happening now with flags and symbols of the Confederacy .
Slavery broke up countless families , and after it was abolished , people wanted to reunite . But they often had no idea where to start looking .
Some placed ads in church-affiliated and black newspapers .
`` So mothers looking for children that they have n't seen in 30 years do n't even know what they look like , '' Greenwald says .
Well into the 1900s , decades after children , spouses and parents were torn apart , people were still searching . On the off chance their loved ones had been sold in a New Orleans slave market , people from all over the country placed ads in the New Orleans paper Southwestern Christian Advocate :
Dear Editor , Allow me space in your paper to inquire for my mother , Hannah McNear . The last time I saw them was in South Carolina . I was a small girl about ten years old when I left them I was brought to Mobile , Ala. ... Dear Editor , I wish to inquire for my sister , Edna Millsapt , who was carried to Louisiana in 1845 by John Millsapt . They had two children , a boy and a girl . Please address me at ...
One company , the largest and most powerful slave trader in U.S. history , brought ships full of human cargo several times a month to New Orleans . The company was financed by the federal bank , owned by a Tennessean named Isaac Franklin , who with their partners also had offices in Natchez , Miss. , and just outside the nation 's capital , in Alexandria , Va .
`` This is not a story about New Orleans or the South , '' says historian Greenwald . `` This is a story about the United States , and the foundation of our economy . ''
When Franklin retired from slave trading , they were the wealthiest man in the South . They bought six plantations near New Orleans , where today stands one of the most notorious prisons in the country , Angola State Penitentiary , built on land profited from the slave trade .
David Vincent/Associated Press
AC Milan rising star Mbaye Niang , who 's currently on loan with Ligue 1 side Montpellier , was reportedly summoned and detained by French police after a car accident .
Ben Jefferson of the Daily Express reports the 19-year-old forward originally denied they were driving an expensive Ferrari that crashed into a tree and then fled the scene . It 's unclear who was operating the vehicle if it was n't Niang , whose license is apparently suspended .
French police have since confirmed that Niang was summoned and detained in relation to the accident near Montpellier 's training ground . The player 's drivers licence is reportedly suspended due to an accumulation of points .
The article notes Niang had emerged as a popular Premier League target before the incident . Arsenal , Chelsea , Liverpool and Tottenham are all mentioned as potential landing spots for the Frenchman .
Wilfredo Lee/Associated Press
Those links will likely be placed on the back burner until more information comes to light about the situation .
Dimitri Moulins of Reuters ( via Yahoo ! News ) reports Niang faces further questioning by police , even though it 's currently believed they are n't driving :
Montpellier striker Mbaye Niang , who joined last month on loan from AC Milan , has been detained by the local police to be questioned over a car crash , a police source said on Thursday . The 19-year-old 's Ferrari crashed into a tree near the Ligue 1 club training facility on Sunday but it was not clear who was driving the car .
Michael Wade of the Daily Mail references an incident back shortly after the forward joined Milan , when they were stopped by police and it was discovered they did n't have a license . There were even suggestions they claimed to be Bakaye Traore .
Niang apologized for that situation :
I would like to say sorry to all of the fans . Also to Milan Vice-President Adriano Galliani , boss Massimiliano Allegri and this magnificent club . I made a grave error , but I never said that I was Traore .
Details are still very limited about the latest issue . It still must be determined who was driving the car when it crashed and how Niang was involved , if at all . That information probably wo n't be available until the investigation is complete .
Niang has scored three goals in four league appearances since joining Montpellier on loan . It 's unknown if the incident will have any immediate effect on their match availability .
Paid leave is not a law requiring businesses to pay you when you 're out . Paid family leave is an insurance system that would tax 20 cents for every $ 100 you make . Studies show that when people find out what paid leave is , they support it . It is an absolute human necessity , not left or right . When a child leaves a womb , it should have a parent home with it for a bunch of weeks , and that parent should not be worried about putting food on the table .
But I also recognize political reality : Because the FAMILY Act does include a “ tax , ” it 's ripe for political ridiculousness . So if we ca n't get the FAMILY Act passed , I propose a different way , a way that involves lowering taxes to make it politically palatable . But that way would n't do enough for people at the lower end of the spectrum .
Meanwhile , some companies are doing well on these issues : Silicon Valley companies like Facebook , Yahoo , Google … also Bank of America and Deloitte . And there are small firms introducing great policies . Business needs to make these changes happen .
RT : You just mentioned your anxiety for those on the lower end of the spectrum . When we congratulate individual businesses for good policies , is n't there the risk that what we 're just widening a class gap , offering certain classes of Americans access to economically humane policies that struggling Americans need more than anyone ?
JL : Absolutely . And look , if we got the FAMILY Act , it still would not do enough for people at lowest end of the economic spectrum . We need to talk about living wages ; we need better access to transportation because so many people ca n't access jobs to begin with . We need free , universal pre-K. And it 's true that the risk in extolling companies who implement good family leave policies is that we allow people to use this argument to say if “ Let 's leave it to the free market ! ” But ultimately , in an effort to build policies that makes sense , we have to celebrate our victories when they come .
There are very few people , I think , who do not believe that there should be these policies . The people who hold the power , in politics and business , are n't acting out of ill intent ; they just do n't know what the reality is for American families and it 's important that we tell them .
RT : I 'm not persuaded that the people who oppose policies like paid leave are n't ill intentioned . I 'm pretty sure that lots of them do n't want to enact legislation that 's going to help get us closer to gender equality , or that would help poor people gain economic stability .
JL : I say they may have no ill intent and are just out of touch because I do n't want to paint all business leaders with one broad brush . I think there are some who just do n't realize that dads are involved at home , that women work , that the world has changed .
But there is also a [ less benign ] desire to hold on to power , to a “ Mad Men ” mentality . I was on a radio show in Toronto—and you 'd think Canada would be ahead of us on this ; they have better policies ! —but there were four callers , two of whom said that women should stay home and that men were not capable of taking kids . There are Neanderthals ! We have to take it seriously when Piers Morgan goes on Morning Joe and says that men do n't want paternity leave and are useless with babies . Some people are stuck on wanting to hold on to those old versions of masculinity and femininity ; we need to rise up against that . Notions like “ Women worry more about their kids ” —as long as you hold on to those tropes you can not advance to equality . I 'm the father of a daughter and two sons , and I want my daughter to have an equal opportunity to have a career and my sons to have equal opportunities at home .
RT : There 's a lot in your book about battling pop culture stereotypes . How do you see the pop culture and the policy as being linked ?
JL : The starting point is pop culture . We need to change the predominant images people have in their minds . I spoke to one guy who was excoriated for taking off two whole days after the emergency birth of their child , but who takes really good care of their kids . They said to me , “ I 'm not like most dads . I come home and cook dinner and take care of my kids . Most dads do n't want to do anything when they get home at night. ” Where do people get that image ? It 's from this popular image of the clueless , doofus dad . It 's perpetuated in ads suggesting that dads are really stupid and do n't know how to do anything , so buy our product and it will fix that .
We need more real life stories that tell us that the norm today is for dads to be totally capable at home . Dads are not lazy , not coming home at the end of the day , kicking up their feet and doing nothing . When we start to understand that domestic egalitarianism actually does exist , we will have to respond with policy . That 's why these dumb dad stereotypes are not just an annoyance , they have real life implications .
RT : They certainly have a real life implication in my house , where my husband , who orders the diapers , has spent hours of their life apoplectic about the “ Amazon Mom ” membership .
JL : He 's not alone ! There 's a Facebook group of 1,200 dad bloggers who are very involved in a campaign to get them to change it . It 's crazy , in other countries it 's “ Amazon Parent. ” But not here .
RT : I want to ask you about the politics of being a guy entering a gender equity conversation that has long been dominated by women .
JL : These conversations need to stop being women with other women . Some men have felt unwelcome or nervous about entering these conversations , especially privileged white men . But I 've done hours of interviews with guys from all over the country and in every case they were eager to speak out about all of these issues . But we have to start really listening to what the guys are saying and think about how to actively bring them in and make sure their voices are heard . That 's why I wrote the book .
RT : I agree , but it can get tricky to bring male voices in—there is the fear that those voices will become the dominant ones or even just the validating ones .
JL : Right . Well , square one is that , again , I 'm a Free to be You and Me kid . I understand that the people who 've paved the way toward gender equality are women . I am the beneficiary of their work . Now we as men have the opportunity to join them . I just believe that anyone who frames this as a fight for our daughters and our sons , that they not have the same struggle , is going to see that we are all in this together . All of us have to stand up against sexism .
RT : There 's been a lot of disagreement within feminism in recent years over different approaches to gender inequity : Should advocates urge individual action or collective , systemic change ? You seem to advocate for both .
JL : In order to tackle this we have to deal with big structures and also individual attitudes—male privilege and female gate-keeping . We need the policy shifts , but without addressing our ingrained attitudes they will only take us so far .
RT : I was struck by your description in the book of the over-extended father , stretched so thin by their commitments to work and to kids and relationships . This female character—the “ I Just Do n't Know How They Do It ” woman—is so familiar to us . Why is that guy a less popular character ?
JL : No one stops to think about the conflicts men have , because there 's that popular image of men coming home at the end of the day and kicking up their feet . So we are told that women have it so hard—
RT : —in part because having it hard drives home a message is that it 's unnatural and overtaxing for them to go to work .
JL : Right , and that men are n't naturally parents . To this day , the vast majority of parenting discussions are about women . There was a morning show where someone pitched the idea of me coming on to talk about my book and the response was , “ Well we once did something about stay-at-home-dads ” and a ) my book is n't about stay-at-home-dads , but b ) …
RT : They do repeat segments on moms five days a week ?
JL : Yes ! This idea that [ engaged fatherhood ] is such a rare thing that we do n't need to do any more segments about it ? We need to push everyone to understand the truth about what 's going on with families . You can not claim to have any ideas about family values unless you value fathers .
We can learn a lot from Democrats by what they oppose . While Maryland Congressman Elijah Cummings tells us there is no vote fraud , fellow Maryland congressional candidate Wendy Rosen is committing federal felonies by voting both in Maryland and Florida . While the NAACP is leading the charge against photo voter identification , Lessadolla Sowers from the NAACP heads off to prison for voting for dead voters . While Brian Moran , Virginia 's Democrat chair , rails against voter integrity , their nephew Pat is caught on camera plotting the use of forged documents at the polls to help President Obama .
Indeed , we learn much by what they oppose . It certainly explains their existential opposition to True the Vote 's training of the poll-watching army on Tuesday .
But this year , their hypocrisy has reached a diabolical crescendo . The Obama campaign has sought to unleash law enforcement officials across the United States against law-abiding citizens who exercised state and federal laws to clean up the voter rolls and monitor the polls .
It is bad enough when Eric Holder refuses to enforce laws to maintain the voter rolls . It is even worse when their political buddies like Obama campaign lawyer Robert Bauer try to intimidate people who clean up Holder 's mess by badgering state election officials .
As Michael Barone aptly identified this crowd years ago – Obama runs a thugocracy . For that reason alone , in a land that loves liberty , they must be removed from power on Tuesday .
The Obama thugs have infiltrated every corner of the nation – from Sowers at civil rights groups like the NAACP , to the spokesperson Tracy Schmaler at the Justice Department who smoothed over the bloody Fast and Furious mayhem ; from Malik Zulu Shabazz getting a pass on voter intimidation , to the petty , small , impersonal lifelong bureaucrat Steve Rosenbaum at the DOJ who made it happen . Each person plays a small part in making the thugocracy function .
Because America is a land with chords of memory which find thuggery anathema , Obama will lose on Tuesday .
I first experienced the rising thugocracy watching a famous Hollywood celebrity lead a rally where Republican voters were intimidated from entering the polls to vote . I was in West Palm Beach , Florida , in 2004 at the early voting site on Military Trail . There , a giant purple SEIU rally stood in front of the single entrance . Danny DeVito led the mob .
I watched Bush voter after Bush voter ( known by bumperstickers ) at DeVito 's rally suffer identification by a SEIU member posted in the parking lot . As each voter exited their car , the SEIU thug pointed and followed the person , announcing to the mob that they were a voter for Bush . The mob made passage difficult to impossible .
I was not alone in watching DeVito 's SEIU mob block the polls . National Review had this to say at the time :
We 're already witnessing the organized bullying of voters in the hotly contested swing state of Florida . According to a disturbing report in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel : “ With early voting taking place in busy public places like City Halls and libraries , voters are voicing complaints of being blocked by political mobs , or being singled out for their political views . Others say they have been grabbed , screamed at and cursed by political partisans of all stripes. ” “ Special-interest groups are trying to whip everybody into a frenzy and get everybody upset , ” LePore said . “ Campaigns and their observers are confronting the workers and the voters . Things have gotten nasty and ugly. ” “ LePore said campaign workers followed voters into polling places and handed out literature next to the voting machines . Other voters standing in line were told the machines do n't work and that they should vote absentee. ” Actors Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman led a rally at the entrance to another polling location , prompting poll watcher Lawrence Gottfried to intervene . “ I said , ‘ Look Mr. DeVito , I 'm a big fan of yours and Rhea 's , but you are blocking the entrance .
I was there . The account in National Review is accurate . Danny DeVito egged on union thugs who were preventing Republicans from entering the polls .
Image copyright AAP/Mick Tsikas Image caption Mr Entsch says being gay is not a lifestyle choice
A controversial bill to legalise same-sex marriage has been introduced to the Australian parliament .
The private member 's bill comes amid heated debate among government MPs about whether to change the law or put the matter to a plebiscite .
The government 's official position is that marriage should only be between a man and a woman .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has denied government MPs a free vote on any bill legalising same-sex marriage .
The bill allows couples , regardless of `` sex , sexual orientation , gender identity or intersex status '' to marry .
Australia 's Marriage Act limits marriage to a union of a man and a woman .
The bill was introduced by government backbencher Warren Entsch , one of several government backbenchers who plan to defy Mr Abbott by crossing the floor of the parliament to vote in favour of marriage equality .
The ban on a free vote for government MPs means it is likely to fail .
Plebiscite
Mr Abbott has said the matter should be `` put to the people '' in a non-binding plebiscite after the next general election , due in 2016 .
Meanwhile , cross bench senators have backed an Australian Greens bill calling for a gay marriage plebiscite before the election .
Getting married in Australia
Australia 's Marriage Act specifies marriage as a union between a man and a woman
Opinion polls taken over the past year show between 60 % and 72 % of Australians support gay marriage
Officially , the ruling Liberal-National coalition does not support gay marriage
The Opposition Labor party endorses gay marriage , but allows its MPs a conscience vote on legislation
In an impassioned speech , Mr Entsch spoke of how their bill , which has cross-party support , was designed to promote a more inclusive Australia .
`` Being gay is not a lifestyle choice , '' the Queensland MP told the parliament .
`` This bill does not create different classes of marriage , '' they said .
`` A divided nation is what we will be if we continue to allow discrimination in relation to marriage on the basis of a person 's sexuality . ''
City in Texas , United States
Mobeetie is a city in northwestern Wheeler County , Texas , United States , located on Sweetwater Creek and State Highway 152 . The population was 101 at the 2010 census , six below the 2000 figure . [ 3 ]
History [ edit ]
Mobeetie ( formerly known as `` Cantonment Sweetwater '' ) was a trading post for hunters and trappers for nearby United States Army outpost Fort Elliott . It was first a buffalo hunter 's camp unofficially called `` Hidetown . '' Connected to the major cattle-drive town of Dodge City , Kansas by the Jones-Plummer Trail , Mobeetie was a destination for stagecoach freight and buffalo skinners . As it grew , the town supported the development of cattle ranches within a hundred-mile radius by supplying the staple crops.1
The first formal name for the town was `` Sweetwater . '' It was located on the North Fork of the Red River . Nearby Fort Elliott , developed to protect the buffalo trade from Indian raiders , stimulated further growth of the town . On January 24 , 1876 occurred the `` Sweetwater Shootout '' . Anthony Cook ( aka Corporal `` Sergeant '' Melvin A . King ; of the then-4th Cavalry Company H , stationed at Fort Elliot ) shot and killed Mollie Brennan ( a dance hall girl and former prostitute ) . Sgt . King then wounded Bat Masterson , who in turn killed them ( King may have shot Masterson first and then killed Brennan ; accounts vary ) . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Texas cattleman Charles Goodnight said about the town : `` I think it was the hardest place I ever saw on the frontier except Cheyenne , Wyoming . ''
When the town applied for a post office in 1879 , the name `` Sweetwater '' was already in use . The town took the new name of `` Mobeetie , '' believed to be a Native American word for `` Sweetwater . ''
Because of the presence of Fort Elliott and Mobeetie 's importance as a commercial center , Wheeler County became the first politically organized county in the Texas Panhandle , in 1879 , followed by Oldham County at Tascosa , now a ghost town . Mobeetie became the first county seat for Wheeler County . From 1880 to 1883 , the notorious Robert Clay Allison ranched with their two brothers , John William and Jeremiah Monroe , twelve miles northeast of town , at the junction of the Washita River and Gageby Creek . One day , Allison rode through Mobeetie drunk and naked . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Allison married America Medora `` Dora '' McCulloch in Mobeetie on February 15 , 1881 . [ 8 ]
Lester Fields Sheffy , in The Life and Times of Timothy Dwight Hobart , 1855-1935 : Colonization of West Texas ( 1950 ) , describes Mobeetie as follows :
Mobeetie was perhaps the most typical frontier town in the American Southwest on account of its background and the cosmopolitan character of its people . It was never a large town as early plains towns went , but it was a busy and a thriving center . When [ land surveyor ] Timothy Dwight Hobart arrived at Mobeetie in 1886 , the town was in the heyday of its existence . Its several merchandise stores and other business firms , its blacksmith shops and livery stables , its law offices and real estate agencies , its nine saloons , and its fort , its substantial rock school building and its church organizations were a splendid index to the varied interest and character of the people . Mobeetie had all the elements of people that it took to make a typical frontier village . It had its buffalo hunters and its bull whackers , its soldiers and its scouts , its indolents and its prostitutes , its substantial business people , and its legal fraternity . ...
One of the most stabilizing influences among the citizenry of Mobeetie was its soldiers . While most of the soldiers themselves were transient and never became permanent citizens of the community , yet they exercised a restraining influence over the town and surrounding country because of the feeling of security which their presence gave to the region . ... At times there was dissension between the soldiers and the civilians , but the most cordial relationships existed at all times between the officers at the fort and the more substantial business leaders of the town . The presence of several hundred soldiers at the fort increased the profits of the merchants , the saloon keepers , the dance halls , and brought considerable ready cash into the community ... [ 9 ]
When Army Lieutenant Colonel John Porter Hatch was reassigned from Fort Elliott in 1881 , the Wheeler County Commissioners Court authorized a resolution honoring Hatch for their service : `` He has proven themselves at all times agreeable to the citizens of this section and willing to aid them as a community or as individuals whenever such aid has been required , and to the fullest extent of their power . `` [ 9 ]
Fort Elliot , home of the Tenth Cavalry , display at Pioneer West Museum
In the 1880s , Temple Lea Houston , the youngest son of Sam Houston , was the district attorney of the 35th Judicial District of Texas , when then encompassed fifteen counties in the Texas Panhandle . The district was based at the time in the courthouse at Mobeetie . Houston was also a member of the Texas State Senate from 1885 to 1889 and later moved to Oklahoma , where they worked for statehood . An NBC television series , Temple Houston , which aired from 1963 to 1964 , is loosely based on their life , with Jeffrey Hunter in the starring role . [ 10 ]
At its peak in 1890 , the town had over four hundred people , but Mobeetie 's boom days ended when Fort Elliott closed that same year . Further decline came with the tornado of May 1 , 1898 , and then the loss of the county seat , in 1907 , to Wheeler . In 1929 , Wheeler moved two miles when the Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway built nearby tracks . The town steadily grew again until the start of World War II brought a peak of about five hundred .
Little remains of the Old Mobeetie . Sheffy , in The Life and Times of Timothy Dwight Hobart writes :
The new Mobeetie stands almost within gun shot of the old town in the midst of a great agricultural and stock raising region . The worn and unkept buildings of the old town speak eloquently of its hard struggle to survive . They should be preserved as a lasting monument to the struggle and achievement of a people who wrought well in laying the foundations of Anglo-American civilization in the Southwest . `` [ 9 ]
The Pioneer West Museum in Shamrock , Texas , preserves the heritage of the Old Mobeetie region . Its contains an exhibit on Fort Elliott .
Geography [ edit ]
Mobeetie is located in the Texas Panhandle northeast of Sweetwater Creek along Texas Highways 152 , 48 and 1046 . Pampa lies about 30 miles to the west and Wheeler is about ten miles to the east along route 152 . The Fort Elliot historical site is about one mile west along route 152 . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 0.6 square miles ( 1.6 km² ) , all land .
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop . % ± 1980 291 — 1990 154 −47.1 % 2000 107 −30.5 % 2010 101 −5.6 % Est . 2016 104 [ 13 ] 3.0 % U.S. Decennial Census [ 14 ]
As of the census [ 1 ] of 2000 , there were 107 people , 48 households , and 28 families residing in the city . The population density was 175.3 people per square mile ( 67.7/km² ) . There were 68 housing units at an average density of 111.4/sq mi ( 43.0/km² ) . The racial makeup of the city was 99.07 % White and 0.93 % Native American . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.54 % of the population .
There were 48 households out of which 27.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.0 % were married couples living together , 8.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 39.6 % were non-families . 37.5 % of all households were made up of individuals and 20.8 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.97 .
In the city , the population was spread out with 27.1 % under the age of 18 , 3.7 % from 18 to 24 , 24.3 % from 25 to 44 , 21.5 % from 45 to 64 , and 23.4 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females , there were 101.9 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 95.0 males .
The median income for a household in the city was $ 35,625 , and the median income for a family was $ 39,583 . Males had a median income of $ 35,417 versus $ 23,125 for females . The per capita income for the city was $ 16,059 . There were no families and 2.9 % of the population living below the poverty line , including no under eighteens and none of those over 64 .
Education [ edit ]
The City of Mobeetie is served by the Fort Elliott Consolidated Independent School District .
Climate [ edit ]
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system , Mobeetie has a semi-arid climate , abbreviated `` BSk '' on climate maps . [ 15 ]
References [ edit ]
1The Texas Panhandle Frontier ; Rathjen , Frederick W ; ( 1973 ) ; Texas Tech University Press . ISBN 0-89672-399-2 .
What is Seattle creating south of its most urban lakeshore ?
South of Lake Union with Roethke
The sky is filling up with floors .
Where were n't there trees ?
Soil is dirt when it 's trucked off .
No work for a wren in this thicket .
All come slowly here through rushes .
Moses in a crosswalk does n't stand a chance .
Money is the most dreadful weather .
No iris where there should be .
‘ My take ' Got something to say about a topic in the news ? We 're looking for personal essays with strong opinions that are tied to current events . Send your submission of no more than 400 words to oped @ seattletimes.com with the subject line “ My Take . ”
Regarding the title of my poem : Theodore Roethke won the Pulitzer Prize for poetry in 1954 while living in Seattle and teaching at the University of Washington . It was said , and is likely true , that they celebrated by taking their class to the Blue Moon Tavern .
Roethke wrote very moving poetry , eccentric and electric in its rhyme and meter , and at once personal , profound and passionately immediate . Their poems exhibit a deep awareness of and care for the nonhuman world , as well as the great pleasure they took in the sounds of language .
Roethke was known for sharp opinions about poetry and for not being shy to express them . I do n't know what they would have thought of my poem — I certainly hope they do n't mind their name being attached . Their legacy , besides the wonderful poetry , stems from their capacity to give free rein to a vibrant imagination and their willingness to allow the line of poetry to live out on its own , not forcing it to wear the dull coat of conversational rhetoric .
I trust the phrase South of Lake Union in the title does n't require any gloss . But I will say it seems like that area of Seattle has become an all-but-perpetual monument to the act of human endeavor without any particularly healthy objective in mind .
A medium-power earthquake with a magnitude of 5.1 struck the Aleutian Islands off the coast of Alaska . This comes only two days after the archipelago was hit by a 6.2 magnitude quake .
The earthquake occurred at 2:28 p.m GMT ( 5:28 a.m. local time ) on Thursday , about 68 miles ( 109 km ) of the island hamlet of Atka , putting it squarely between the United States and Russia , according to the US Geological Survey .
5.1 earthquake , 109km SW of Atka , Alaska . 2015-11-12 05:28:40 at epicenter ( 9m ago , depth 32km ) . https : //t.co/UIt24AwjEq — Earthquakes Tsunamis ( @ NewEarthquake ) November 12 , 2015
The Thursday tremblor is only the latest in the series of similar geological events that have hit Alaska . On Monday , the sparsely-populated island chain was hit by a 6.2 magnitude earthquake around 7 a.m. local time , this time 58 miles ( 93 km ) southeast of Atka .
On Friday , southcentral Alaska was hit by a light 4.5 magnitude quake and could be felt in Anchorage , which it occurred 53 miles north of . No damage was reported , according to the Alaska Earthquake Center .
The Aleutian Islands is a highly seismic area . Major earthquakes and tsunamis have come from seismic activity in the area .
Xbox World
Microsoft 's Xbox 720 will unveil a new version of Kinect , a Blu-ray drive , and an A/V port for watching and recording broadcast TV , at least according to details leaked by Xbox World .
Promising `` next-gen secrets inside , '' the latest issue of the U.K.-based magazine dug up several reported specs on Microsoft 's next console .
First off , the Xbox 720 will introduce Kinect 2.0 .
Microsoft has been as publicly mum about the next version of Kinect as it has about all details concerning the new Xbox . But a company document leaked in June touted a higher level of accuracy , stereo imaging , better voice recognition , and the ability to track four players at once .
A Blu-ray drive will also be part of the package , a rumor that 's been around for a few years now .
Other features will include directional audio , an input and output for watching and recording TV shows , and an `` innovative controller , '' noted gaming news site ComputerAndVideoGames.com ( CVG ) . Last February , Xbox World said that the redesigned controller would come with a built-in HD touch screen .
Microsoft is also eyeing AR ( augmented reality ) glasses for the 720 at some future stage .
Codenamed Durango , the new Xbox would be powered by a CPU with `` four hardware cores , each divided into four logical cores '' and 8GB of RAM .
Dan Dawkins , Xbox World 's editor-in-chief , told CVG that `` Xbox World has been at the cutting edge of Durango coverage for over 12 months . Unless something really dramatic changes , everything ... will be revealed long before E3 in June . ''
CNET contacted Microsoft for comment and will update the story if we get any information .
( Via CVG )
I had heard about it somewhere , but this morning I picked up the new issue of the magazine Ir , which is published every Thursday , and found out about it specifically , because the relevant person , with a slightly sad look in their eyes , is on the cover .
The story is about the psychologist Jolanta Cihanovica , who will complete their last project here in Latvia this December and move to London . A few months ago , they wrote about this on Facebook :
`` If Latvia does not need us , then we are not needed . I am tired of fighting . I simply want to live a happy life . For that reason , we are selling our flat and leaving so that we can live happy lives and pay taxes in a country that counts on us and recognizes us . I will complete my work by December , and then they and I are leaving . ''
Readers will have noticed the word `` she . '' In the feminine . Two women . Jolanta and their life partner , who is a woman . In the magazine interview , they even decline to name the woman , because even with their decision to finish things up and leave , they are still afraid that `` the bureaucratic apparatus might , at the very last moment , complicate their lives , '' writes the author of the article , Ieva Puke .
Here is an example for everyone in this country who feels that same-gender couples need nothing and can arrange everything at a notary public 's office , and that is that . In Jolanta 's case , their life partner is from Russia , and during the last five years , this woman from Russia has paid 3,000 euros a year for `` studies '' that they really does not need . They have also transferred to their account `` the sustenance money meant for the whole year , money that must be proven before a residency permit is granted . ''
This status allows them to work for no more than 20 hours a week , and they are not allowed to be self-employed even though that would be the most appropriate status for them as an artist and designer . Among other things , they have learned Latvian and has studied Latvian ornaments and folk art .
If Jolanta Cihanovica 's life partner were a man , nothing of the sort would be necessary . They would get married , and along with the marriage the husband , even if they were from Russia , would obtain all of the same rights that apply to all married people in Latvia , including a permanent residency permit without the need to basically pay a bribe to the state each year just to get permission to stay for another year .
The husband would also have unlimited rights to work and earn money . What 's more , the state would not have an interest in what the husband does and whether they work at all . In this specific case , the state does have an interest -- 20 hours a week , and that is that . This is surely not something that can be arranged `` at the notary 's office . '' And so Jolanta is leaving . They and their life partner will be able to get married in London where , among other things , their daughter from a previous marriage lives .
Latvia , however , can not feel really happy about their departure . I have known Jolanta Cihanovica for many years , and it would be hard for me to imagine a more sincere person than them
Jolanta is a psychologist with the talents of a psychologist , but also simply with an extraordinarily human approach . I do n't know how many people they have helped , but I know that they have always attended LGBT events in Latvia . They were at the infamous Pride event where `` protesters '' threw shit at participants . Because the interior minister of Latvia at that time was Dzintars Jaundzeikars , who was so `` moral '' down to the tips of their toes , the police stood around and did nothing . And one of the police officers said to Jolanta Cihanovica :
`` Why do you have to be what you are ? I do not support you . ''
Jolanta Cihanovica has a master 's degree in psychology and a bachelor 's degree in English philology from the University of Latvia . They had attended courses to boost their knowledge in many countries , and since then they have appeared as a lector and seminar participant in equally many countries . They have taught students at the Psychology University College , the University of Latvia and the Riga Stradins University . Indeed , the last event scheduled on their seminar will be on December 1 , the topic will be `` The ABCs of an Effective Leader . '' Then Jolanta Cihanovica will move to Great Britain .
Of course , there are those who are happy about this . Upon learning about their plan , the director of the Digital Economy Development Centre , Andris Gailitis , tweeted :
`` Take someone along , it will be easier for those who remain here . ''
As tends to happen , the guy later erased their Tweet but , as tends to happen even more often , it had already been noted , and those who want to see it can find it , not the least on Jolanta Cihanovica 's Facebook page .
They will take someone along . They will take along their life partner .
I do not know what Jolanta Cihanovica 's life partner could give to Latvia , because I do not know the woman . I can say with full confidence , however , that Latvia will lose because Jolanta Cihanovica will no longer give anything to it . Probably that is an exaggeration . I am sure that even in London , Jolanta will watch what will happen in Latvia , and they will not be stingy with advice and help when it is necessary to fight against social darkness or , as they describe it , the `` normophilia with which people are sick . ''
And yet they are leaving . They will pay taxes to another country . They will train people in another country . They will offer psychological advice in another country , and not in Latvia . Is our society so spiritually wealthy that we can simply afford to send this person into exile just because their life partner is a woman ? Surely not .
I recently wrote on this portal about the ruling from the European Court of Human Rights which ordered the government of Italy to approve a law on partnerships so that same-gender couples who live in Italy can arrange their relationship in a legal sense , too .
As I wrote then , politicians in our country are like three little monkeys -- see nothing , hear nothing , understand nothing . Above all , they do not want to see anything , hear anything or understand anything . There you go , dear politicians . Jolanta Cihanovica is tipping their hat and saying goodbye . Latvia is losing . Thank you . And , if you did not understand , that `` thank you '' is with a healthy dose of irony .
( Views expressed are the writer 's own )
Fox News won the cable news ratings war yet again .
The network defeated rivals CNN and MSNBC in total day and in prime time both in total viewers and A25-54 news demo in October 2017 . This victory means that Fox News is the most-watched cable news network for a whopping 190 consecutive months .
Not only did Fox News defeat its cable news rivals , but it finished as basic cable 's most-watched network for the 16th consecutive month in total day . FNC finished No.2 in total prime time viewers across basic cable , falling short only to ESPN .
October '17 Basic Cable Top 5 – Prime Time ( total viewers )
ESPN ( 2,829,000 ) Fox News ( 2,258,000 ) TBS ( 2,125,000 ) Fox Sports 1 ( 1,798,000 ) MSNBC ( 1,582,000 )
October '17 Basic Cable Top 5 – Total Day ( total viewers )
Fox News ( 1,451,000 ) ESPN ( 1,001,000 ) Nickelodeon ( 991,000 ) MSNBC ( 899,000 ) Adult Swim ( 761,000 )
Fox News 's October 2017 ratings were significantly down from October 2016 . FNC was -26 percent in total prime time viewers , and -28 percent in the prime time news demo . The network was -6 percent in total day viewers , and -2 percent among the news demo in total day .
But this is n't exactly a shock considering October 2016 was marked by intense coverage of 2016 presidential debates , and election coverage . CNN and MSNBC also saw year-over-year prime time ratings declines for the same reason .
The ratings for October , 2017 ( Nielsen Live + Same Day data ) :
Prime time ( Mon-Sun ) : 2,258,000 total viewers / 477,000 A25-54
2,258,000 total viewers / 477,000 A25-54 Total Day ( Mon-Sun ) : 1,451,000 total viewers / 322,000 A25-54
On the programming front , Fox & Friends , Pres . Trump 's favorite show , is having its most-watched year in program history . It has been No . 1 across cable news in its time period for 192 consecutive months , and posted double digit improvement ( +19 percent in total viewers / +31 percent among A25-54 ) this past month .
Fox News 's new afternoon shows , Outnumbered Overtime With Harris Faulker ( 1 p.m. ) and Daily Briefing With Dana Perino ( 2 p.m. ) , won their respective hours .
The Five returned to its original 5 p.m . ET timeslot , and defeated both CNN and MSNBC in total viewers and A25-54 .
And Hannity became the most-watched cable news program in its new hour . We 'll do a deeper dive into Fox News 's prime time program performance in “ The Top Shows Of… ” story .
Additionally , Fox Business posted +22 percent total viewer growth in Business Day ( 9:30 a.m. – 5 p.m. ) from October 2016 , and delivered seven of the eight most-watched business news shows . Lou Dobbs Tonight was the No . 1 business news show of the month both in total viewers ( 375,000 ) and A25-54 ( 45,000 ) , and has been No . 1 in total viewers across business news for 22 straight months .
CNBC defeated FBN among younger news viewers , including the ad-friendly A25-54 news demo .
Basic Cable Ranker : October 2017 ( Total Viewers )
Comments
A woman is suing the state , claiming police violated Arizona 's medical-marijuana laws when they seized a marijuana-infused oil during a raid of their home last spring .
Charise Voss Arfa , a medical-marijuana patient , claims police wrongfully considered the oil labeled `` Soccer Moms Tincture '' a narcotic instead of marijuana . A tincture is typically an alcoholic extract of plant or animal material or solution .
W. Michael Walz , the attorney representing Voss Arfa , said some law-enforcement officials consider mixing marijuana with any substance -- such as oil , brownie mix or dressing -- altering the marijuana into `` cannabis . ''
The lawsuit argues the statute defining cannabis is too vague and should not apply to medical-marijuana cardholders who legally participate in the state program that allows people with certain medical conditions to ingest marijuana .
`` This is really about not smoking and having the ability to use marijuana in non-smoking forms without fear of being prosecuted for a Class 4 felony , which is , under the law , the same thing as heroin -- the same severity , believe it or not , '' Walz said .
According to the lawsuit , police on March 28 served a search warrant , finding probable cause to search Voss Arfa 's Phoenix home for `` a usable amount of cannabis , a narcotic drug , to include the extracted resin and cannabis which is now in solution . ''
Voss Arfa in their lawsuit asks a Maricopa County Superior Court judge to order police to return the oil ; to ban police from arresting , prosecuting or taking property from medical-marijuana cardholders ; and to declare the state 's criminal statute related to cannabis void as it applies to medical-marijuana patients and caregivers . They also ask the court to pay their expenses associated with the legal action .
Arizona 's medical-marijuana program was created in 2010 . Qualifying patients with certain debilitating medical conditions must obtain a recommendation for medical marijuana and register with the state , which issues identification cards . Under the law , the state can set up and regulate up to 126 dispensaries , although none has yet opened .
Arizona Department of Health Services Director Will Humble , whose agency oversees the medical-marijuana program , said patients will be allowed to buy and possess items containing marijuana , such as brownies and oils , through dispensaries . But because no dispensaries are open , Humble said , people are only allowed to grow plants or have caregivers grow for them . Patients can obtain up to 21/2 ounces of marijuana every two weeks .
`` The ( medical marijuana ) act allows the future dispensaries , under our regulation , to create edibles and other infused products , like a tincture , '' they said . `` Since there are no dispensaries , no one 's able to legally make the stuff , and it 's not legal to import from out of state . ''
State and county prosecutors are trying to prevent the opening of any dispensaries , arguing in part the state 's medical-marijuana program violates federal drug laws .
A Superior Court judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the case Friday .
What do two rivers in the Southeast and California have in common ? Both are threatened by battles over their water .
The Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint Basin in Alabama , Georgia , and Florida tops a new list as the most endangered river in the U.S. this year , according to an annual report from the Washington , D.C.-based conservation group American Rivers . Second most endangered is the San Joaquin River in northern and central California .
`` Both rivers suffer from increasing conflict among stakeholders who depend on their water , '' including cities , farmers , and wildlife , says Chris Williams , a senior vice president at American Rivers . `` And these issues are exacerbated by population growth and climate change . ''
Other rivers high on the list include the Susquehanna in Maryland and Pennsylvania , the Smith in Montana , and the Green-Duwamish in Washington .
The annual list , which dates back to 1984 , is based on three criteria : A river must be under serious threat , of regional or national significance , and at a turning point in a decision related to conservation . Last year , the Colorado River was number one , and since then two of its three biggest threats have been withdrawn : a controversial development and a plan for a tram . ( A uranium mine proposal remains a threat . )
Past annual lists also helped raise awareness about the Hoback River in Montana , where oil and gas leases were defeated , and the Elwha River in Washington , where a series of dams was removed to restore the ecosystem .
Water conflicts are particularly timely now , notes Williams , given several imminent regulatory and court decisions .
`` It is time to move away from the old-fashioned model of fighting over water , through grabs and lawsuits , and toward a cooperative model in which stakeholders sit down together and hammer out agreements , so everybody can get what they need , '' Williams says .
Water Wars
In the Southeast , a pending case in the U.S. Supreme Court may decide how water from the Apalachicola system is allocated , after a fight between Florida and Georgia . At the same time , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is updating its management strategy for the basin .
But American Rivers says federal action is unlikely to resolve the issues for the region , which faces water shortages and rising population . For a long-term solution , communities should come together to develop a plan they can all live with . In general , more water needs to flow into the river 's lower basin and out to Apalachicola Bay because the estuary has been starved of water and nutrients in recent years , harming fisheries and wildlife , the group says .
View Images An orchard dries out near Clovis , California , thanks to drought and low flow in the San Joaquin River . Can the river be saved in the face of such high demand ? Photograph by Max Whittaker/The New York Times/Redux
In California , the state is expected to make some tough decisions on allocating San Joaquin water soon .
New York 's St. Lawrence River and surrounding wetlands could also be revitalized if a pending plan to allow certain releases of water through a dam is approved , Williams notes . Yet that plan has languished for years . Montana 's Smith River is threatened by a proposal for a copper mine .
The Big Picture
Overall , the condition of U.S. rivers remains mixed , American Rivers says . Water quality has improved dramatically in many places in the 40 years since the Clean Water Act was enacted . And some obsolete dams have come down , opening up more river miles to fish .
`` That being said , we still have a lot of work to do , '' Williams says . `` Wetlands are still disappearing , a large percentage of rivers are still not fishable and swimmable , creeks are getting plugged from mountaintop removal mining ... We have come a long way in 40 years but we still have a long way to go . ''
Here 's the complete list of America 's Most Endangered Rivers of 2016 , and their threats , as determined by American Rivers :
1 . Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin
Alabama , Florida , Georgia
Threat : Outdated water management
2 . San Joaquin River
California
Threat : Outdated water management
3 . Susquehanna River
Pennsylvania , Maryland
Threat : Harmful dam operations
4 . Smith River
Montana
Threat : Mining
5 . Green-Duwamish River
Washington
Threat : Outdated dam and floodplain management , pollution
View Images In the St. Lawrence River , seaweed grows over a bass spawning bed . Conservationists hope more water can be returned to the river . Photograph by Heather Ainsworth/The New York Times/Redux
6 . Pee Dee River
North Carolina
Threat : Harmful dam operations
7 . Russell Fork River
Kentucky , Virginia
Threat : Mountaintop removal mining
8 . Merrimack River
Massachusetts , New Hampshire
Threat : Polluted runoff
9 . St. Lawrence River
New York ( and Canada )
Threat : Harmful dam operations
10 . Pascagoula River
Mississippi , Alabama
Threat : New dams
The ranks of the “ undefeated at WrestleMania ” may no longer include The Undertaker , but there exists a subset of Superstars who have yet to experience the agony of defeat on WWE 's biggest night . That accomplished club includes WWE Hall of Famers like Dusty Rhodes and Alundra Blayze , modern-day battlers like Cesaro and AJ Lee , and even a few celebrities like Floyd Mayweather , Jr. and Lawrence Taylor .
Meet the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2015 | Full WrestleMania 31 coverage
In fact , quite a few impressive grapplers still boast a goose egg in their WrestleMania loss column ( and that means The Show of Shows itself , not the dark matches or Kickoff clashes that preceded ) . From an ECW Original to one of the “ Grandest ” Divas of them all , take a look at 10 of the Superstars who are presently undefeated at WrestleMania .
Ax
♫ Here comes the Ax … and here comes the member of Demolition who is n't undefeated at WrestleMania . ♫
As a result of a controversial ruling by WWE commissioner Jack Tunney that forced Demolition to compete with two and only two members , Ax is the only part of the post-apocalyptic group that owns a record with zero losses on The Grandest Stage of Them All .
WWE 's 50 best tag teams | Demolition Derby : Best of WWE TLC on WWE Network
The group that Grammy Award-winning artist Rick Derringer once described as “ walking disasters ” certainly fulfilled that role at The Showcase of the Immortals . Ax and their longtime partner , Smash , found themselves front and center in the World Tag Team Championship picture at three consecutive WrestleManias . They also ended up on the right side of history in each battle , having defeated Strike Force and The Colossal Connection to win the tandem titles at WrestleMania IV and VI , respectively , Those triumphs also bookended a successful championship defense against The Powers of Pain at WrestleMania V .
Demolition 's run of success came to a crashing halt against the debuting duo of Genichiro Tenryu & Koji Kitao at WrestleMania VII , but , due to Tunney 's decision , Ax bowed out of that battle in favor of Crush . Though Demolition 's record reflects one WrestleMania loss , Ax 's resume remains unblemished . — MATTHEW ARTUS
The Legion of Doom
There 's no question that Hawk and Animal are one of the most dominant tandems in sports-entertainment history . The only tag team to hold the WWE , NWA and AWA Tag Team Titles , there were few duos who could stop The Legion of Doom .
Are Legion of Doom WWE 's most monstrous pair ? | Count down 10 great duos on WWE Network
It should come as no surprise , then , that The Road Warriors were just as unstoppable on The Grandest Stage of Them All . In their debut at WrestleMania VII , Hawk & Animal bulldozed through Power & Glory in less than a minute to pick up their first Show of Shows win . They returned to WrestleMania six years later in their hometown of Chicago , to join forces with Ahmed Johnson and fend off The Nation of Domination in a Chicago Street Fight that saw everything ( including a kitchen sink ) introduced into battle . Hawk & Animal capped off their WrestleMania careers one year later , where , guided by Sunny as the futuristic LOD 2000 , they stood tall as the victors of a 15-team Battle Royal , extending their unbeaten streak to 3-0 . — BOBBY MELOK
Mr. T
When trying to think of Superstars with an unblemished record at WrestleMania , Mr. T 's name probably is n't the first that comes to mind . But do n't be a fool ; the 2014 WWE Hall of Fame inductee has a longer winning streak than some of WWE 's greatest competitors .
Who is Mr. T 's true WrestleMania rival ? | WWE Network : Watch Mr. T 's WWE Hall of Fame induction
Sure , the pop culture icon 's unbeaten record at The Show of Shows is just two victories long , but you ca n't put a number on the impact of those conquests . The “ Rocky III ” star not only was on the winning side of the main event at the very first WrestleMania , but they also picked up a “ W ” a year later against fellow WWE Hall of Famer , “ Rowdy ” Roddy Piper , in a Boxing Match .
Although conventional wisdom would say Mr. T 's days of winning matches at The Showcase of Immortals are well behind him , never say never in WWE . — SCOTT TAYLOR
Rob Van Dam
With The Undertaker 's legendary Streak dead , the question , “ Who now has the longest active WrestleMania undefeated streak ? ” must be asked . That answer : Rob … Van … Dam .
Pay tribute to RVD 's terrific pyro display | Watch the ECW Original in action on WWE Network
RVD currently has four wins and no losses on The Grandest Stage of Them All , with each coming in a high-pressure situation . Their first , at WrestleMania X8 , saw them capture the Intercontinental Championship . They also successfully defended a title at the Show of Shows , prevailing with Booker T at WrestleMania XX to retain their World Tag Team Championship . In their last WrestleMania ( 23 ) , Van Dam preserved the honor of ECW alongside fellow originals Tommy Dreamer , Sabu & The Sandman .
Their biggest achievement came at WrestleMania 22 , however , when they became just the second Superstar to win the Money in the Bank Ladder Match . The victory would lead RVD to coin the title “ Mr . Money in the Bank , ” and allow them to become the first of only five Superstars to win both the ECW and WWE Championships . — MIKE MURPHY
Sable
Sable debuted at WrestleMania XII as an innocent bystander who Triple H fired after their loss to The Ultimate Warrior . When they returned to The Grandest Stage of Them All two years later , though , Sable proved they were a force to be reckoned with .
Where does Sable rank among WWE 's most beautiful ? | WWE Network : Sable 's last WrestleMania match
In only their second official match , Sable downed Luna Vachon with a devastating Sable Bomb to score a Mixed Tag Team victory over Luna & Goldust at WrestleMania XIV .
They continued their dominance in follow-up Show of Shows performances , retaining the Women 's Championship against Tori at WrestleMania XV , and teaming with Torrie Wilson for an Evening Gown tag team win at WrestleMania XX . — JEFF LABOON
Shane McMahon
Here comes the money ... and the wins .
Superstars and Divas who deserve `` one more match '' | Shane McMahon takes The Grandest Stage on WWE Network
Though Mr. McMahon is completely winless at their signature creation , their son Shane has rope-a-doped their way to a spotless record at The Show of Shows . Granted , Shane-O-Mac only has a pair of contests to their name , but that 's no small feat when the bouts in question are a title defense ( a retention of the European Championship against X-Pac at WrestleMania XV ) and a brutal denouement of a rivalry against their own father in a Street Fight at WrestleMania X-Seven .
In fact , Shane owns one of the signature moments of WrestleMania itself , in which The Chairman suffered a dropkicked trash can to the face after Shane leapt from coast-to-coast and put the boots to their father . Not bad for a man who entered the ring more or less on a dare . Here comes the money . — ANTHONY BENIGNO
The Shield
“ Sierra . Hotel . India . Echo . Lima . Delta . ”
With those six words , a movement was born . Dean Ambrose , Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins comprised the imposing members of The Shield . From the group 's ominous arrival at Survivor Series 2012 , the WWE had been put on notice . And for months , no combination of Superstars could halt the twisted justice The Shield brought to bear .
Revisit The Shield 's `` tough '' WWE debut match | WWE Network : See Seth Rollins become Mr. Money in the Bank
At WrestleMania 29 , three Superstars would try . Randy Orton , Big Show and Sheamus sought to hand the trio their first loss . When the alliance between their opponents began to fray , however , The Hounds of Justice astutely capitalized for their first win on The Grandest Stage of Them All .
A year later , at WrestleMania 30 , three more Superstars would feel the wrath . In a mere 2 minutes , 56 seconds , The Shield emerged victorious against The New Age Outlaws & Kane . After such decisive outings as a team , how will the three fare as individuals now that The Shield has since shattered ? — GREG ADKINS
Tatanka
Although Tatanka was an active member of the WWE roster as recently as 2007 , the resilient Native American grappler only competed at WrestleManias VIII and IX , respectively . And they did so with great success .
10 great streaks that came to an end | Witness Tatanka 's WrestleMania debut on WWE Network
A rising star at the time without a single televised loss , Tatanka made their Show of Shows debut with a victory over Rick “ The Model ” Martel to maintain a spotless record . The following year , a still undefeated Tatanka challenged a budding Mr. WrestleMania in Shawn Michaels for HBK 's Intercontinental Championship in the opening bout of the Roman circus that was WrestleMania IX . They won that match , too , but via count-out , which prevented them from claiming the coveted title . — RYAN MURPHY
Terry Funk
Considering he 's one of sports-entertainment 's most revered Superstars , not to mention a competitor whose WWE Hall of Fame career spanned nearly five decades , Terry Funk 's total number of appearances on The Showcase of the Immortals might be surprisingly low , at two . But he 'll be a yellow-bellied , egg-sucking dog if they did n't make those two cameos count .
How do The Funks fare among WWE 's best families ? | Relive The Funks ' WWE Hall of Fame induction on WWE Network
The double-tough Texan from The Double Cross Ranch competed alongside brother Dory “ Hoss ” Funk at WrestleMania 2 , where they overcame Tito Santana & Junkyard Dog in arguably the night 's wildest bout . Twelve years later , Funk — stocking on head , under the guise of “ Chainsaw Charlie ” — teamed with a Superstar they considered to be like a brother , Cactus Jack , to win the WWE Tag Team Championship from The New Age Outlaws in a chaotic Dumpster Match ( the only one on record ) . Leave it to The Funker to be not only undefeated at WrestleMania , but also a Show of Shows pioneer . — JOHN CLAPP
Virgil
Are you surprised to see Virgil on this list ? I know I was .
WrestleMania VII is primarily remembered as the night Hulk Hogan won back a championship for America from a hostile foreign country ( sound familiar ? ) . However , it was also at the star-spangled , sports-entertainment spectacular that Virgil defeated their former employer , “ The Million Dollar Man ” Ted DiBiase , by count-out because DiBiase was preoccupied with Virgil 's trainer , “ Rowdy ” Roddy Piper , who was at ringside .
10 unforgettable changes of heart | Virgil shines at SummerSlam on WWE Network
The following year at WrestleMania VIII in Indianapolis ' Hoosier Dome , the bodyguard-turned-Superstar found themselves in a less substantial bout . In an Eight-Man Tag Team Match that lasted less than five minutes , Virgil , Big Boss Man , “ Hacksaw ” Jim Duggan & Sgt . Slaughter defeated Repo Man , The Mountie & The Nasty Boys when Virgil covered Knobbs after Sags accidentally hit their own partner .
Hey . Undefeated is undefeated . — JOEY STYLES
German Spy Agency Wants To Buy Zero-Day Vulnerabilities In Order To Undermine SSL Security
from the is-that-really-a-good-idea ? dept
The aim of the programme is to penetrate foreign social networks and create an early warning system for cyberattacks .
Government spokesperson Steffen Seibert confirmed to dpa on Monday that the BND had worked with French computer security firm Vupen , which is known to sell details of security holes to governments , in the past .
The programme to penetrate SSL , codenamed Nitidezza , would also target the HTTPS protocol which is the standard for many banks , online shops , webmail providers and social networks .
`` Holes in SSL need to be patched [ fixed ] because it is ubiquitous and everyone depends on it for their security , '' said Jim Killock of London-based digital rights NGO Open Rights Group .
`` There is a real risk that failing to fix problems means criminal gangs will seek to obtain the same data using the same defects . ''
The newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung reports that the German spy agency BND will spend €28 million on what it calls its 'Strategic Technical Initiative ' ( SIT ) next year , and that it has asked the German government for a further €300 million ( original in German ) . The German edition of the English-language site `` The Local '' explains how the money will be used Techdirt has written about Vupen a couple of times recently , and emphasized why buying such zero-day vulnerabilities to use for surveillance purposes without passing them on to be fixed makes the Internet much less safe for everyone . According to a related story in Der Spiegel ( original in German ) , the BND hopes to apply zero-days to undermine the main encryption technology used to protect online communications , the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) protocol . As The Local writes : SIT means that not only will the privacy of millions of people be at risk , but so will their economic activities and that of all the companies that use SSL to carry out online transactions.The BND 's move is particularly worrying , since it could well encourage spy agencies in other nations to follow suit , thus starting a bidding war for serious software flaws . That , in its turn , will encourage even more people to find and sell zero-days , rather than report them , reducing security online . It 's probably too much to hope that government agencies would ever agree to give up acquiring and using software bugs in this way , but they should at least be required to limit their use so as to minimize the serious harm they could wreak across the entire Internet.Follow me @ glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca , and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under : bnd , germany , security , spy agency , ssl , surveillance , zero days
Companies : vupen
by Adriano B .
Malaysian based label JOE CHIA draws inspiration from world violence for the its Fall/Winter 2014 collection , entitled “ Chapter 04 “ .
“ It 's a different message which we wish to portray even as we are inspired by military elements . It 's a new uniform for all of us . This collection is about peace , making love instead of war . The realization that violence does not solve issues and changes start from us “ , said Joe Chia .
Chapter 04 's compositional mood comprises of culture , tradition and the street , expressed through a reduced palette of black , grey and dusty blue . Functional wear was ensued from the transformability of the garments . Emphasis was bestowed on raglan sleeves which sloped around the shoulders , dropped crotch pants added volume and elbow structured sleeves which exaggerated the men 's silhouettes to outré effect .
Cocaine-experienced Wistar and Wistar Kyoto ( WKY ) rats received four daily repeated forced swim stress sessions ( R-FSS ) , each of which preceded 4-hour cocaine self-administration sessions . Twenty-four hours after the last swim stress , cocaine valuation was assessed during a single-session threshold procedure . Prior exposure to R-FSS significantly altered cocaine responding in Wistar , but not WKY , rats . Behavioral economic analysis of responding revealed that the Wistar rats that had received R-FSS exhibited an increase in the maximum price that they were willing to pay for cocaine ( Pmax ) . Pre-treatment with the long-lasting kappa opioid receptor ( KOR ) antagonist norbinaltorphimine prevented the stress-induced increase in Pmax . Thus , R-FSS exposure had strain-dependent effects on cocaine responding during the threshold procedure , and the stress effects on cocaine valuation exhibited by Wistar , but not WKY , required intact KOR signaling .
© 2014 Society for the Study of Addiction .
A legally blind photographer has debuted a striking series of photos of their twin sons , who both struggle with autism , in an effort to raise awareness about the boys ' condition .
Bruce Hall , whose work has been featured in National Geographic and in numerous exhibitions across the world , was born with an underdeveloped optic nerve , which means they can only see objects clearly when they are a few inches from theirs face .
Although Bruce , of Santa Ana , California , specializes in underwater photographer , their latest project focuses on their twin sons , Jack and James , and their experience with autism over the past 14 years of their lives .
Stunning : Bruce Hall , a legally blind photographer from California , debuted a striking series of photos of their twin sons , James and Jack - both are severely affected by autism and are nonverbal . Above , Jack finds comfort in the water
Laughter : Since Bruce ca n't communicate verbally with their sons , who are now 14 , they took their photos as a way to bond with them . They are releasing the pictures in a book to raise awareness about their condition
In their book , Immersed : Our Experience With Autism , Bruce and their wife Valerie share photos of the boys throughout their lives and detail their sons ' struggles with communication and social interaction .
They hope that the book will help to raise awareness for people who struggle with severe developmental disabilities - and their families .
Bruce , a retired teacher , said they began taking photos of the kids when they were toddlers in order to really see them .
' I do this to look at them ... I followed them into their space , and these chance encounters opened up an entirely new perspective on my photography and this project , ' they told The Mighty .
'So much of what 's gone on over the last 14 years has been so chaotic , so photography has been a way to look at them and gaze into their eyes , ' the photographer added .
Family : Bruce , who is also pictured with their daughter , says they have taken 150,000 photos of their sons , Jack and James . The pictures are featured in Bruce and their wife Valerie 's book , Immersed : Our Experience With Autism
Playing around : Bruce , who was born with an underdeveloped optic nerve , can only see objects close up . They use their photography to see the boys more clearly by zooming in on the pictures
Close-up : James running in the yard , making loud sounds , blowing off steam . James is functionally nonverbal , yet he 's beginning to use a few simple words . They also use pictures and simple sign language to express themselves
Water lovers : Bruce says James , and especially Jack , find comfort and peace when they are in the water
Many of the photos in the book are underwater shots of Jack , who finds comfort and solace in the water .
'It seems like the water is the place where Jack seems the most calm and content , ' they said . 'In some of the those photos , that look on their face , you do n't often see that . It 's a way for us to connect , and I want to share it with other people . '
Bruce went on to share of the project : 'As a whole , the narrative describes the journey our family took during the early years of the boys ' lives , from the time before the diagnosis to their tenth birthday .
'It honestly describes the struggles and sorrows , as well as the courage and laughter , that accompanied those most difficult years . '
They said that life was very difficult for the family before the boys were diagnosed with autism , and that they and their wife still constantly worry about their futures .
'We and many other families worry about the future for our loved ones affected by severe developmental disability , ' Bruce explained . 'We 're working and advocating to ensure that our sons and other can live safely and with dignity in the community . '
Silly : Jack smiles and jumps around in their bathing suit in this sweet picture
Striking : Bruce says the boys were not diagnosed with autism until age 10 . Since then , things have gotten better for the family , but they and their wife still worry about their futures constantly
Beautiful : Bruce shares of the photos , 'It 's a way for us to connect , and I want to share it with other people '
Amazing : The photographer , who has started a Kickstarter in order to fund the publishing of the book , said they hope their photos will inspire people to be kinder and more accepting of one another
'It is estimated that 25 per cent of people with ASD , Autism Spectrum Disorder , are non-speaking and can not speak for themselves , ' shared Bruce .
'People like our sons are often underrepresented in the media , and we want to give them a voice in the discussion . I want the public to think about how these people are taken care of , and that they deserve everyone 's consideration , ' they said of the book .
Bruce , who started a Kickstarter in order to fund the first printing of the book , said they hope their photos will inspire people to be kinder and more accepting of one another .
Former People 's Party treasurer Luis Barcenas enters Spain 's High Court to testify before a judge in Madrid , February 25 , 2013 . REUTERS/Susana Vera
MADRID ( Reuters ) - Spain 's anti-corruption prosecutor has called for a 42-and-a-half years prison sentence for the ruling party 's former treasurer , Luis Barcenas , for crimes ranging from fraud to money laundering , a court source said on Friday .
Barcenas , who has been in custody since June 2013 , has already admitted to channeling millions of euros of cash donations from construction magnates into the pockets of People 's Party ( PP ) leaders .
The prosecutor has called on Spain 's High Court to charge Barcenas with six crimes including tax fraud , bribery , money laundering , falsification of documents , embezzlement and attempted procedural fraud .
Barcenas has denied building personal wealth from the fund they oversaw , saying that 48 million euros held in Swiss bank accounts came from art dealing and shrewd investments .
The prosecutor has also called for jail terms of 3 years and 8 years for Alvaro Lapuerta and Angel Sanchis , two other former treasurers of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy 's PP .
The case has been a source of deep embarrassment to Rajoy , whose popularity has dropped since the corruption scandal broke in 2012 .
Rajoy and other party leaders have denied wrongdoing and so far , have not become direct targets of the Examining Magistrate 's investigation .
While 2013 was a solid year for the energy sector , it could not keep pace with the overall blistering rise in the S & P . The energy team at Credit Suisse is positive on the year ahead , but they see some clear changes in the overall picture . The biggest one will be the overall volume of oil available . They are thought that investing in energy may be volatile in 2014 , but they see the top stocks in the sector going higher from current levels .
The Credit Suisse analysts have focused in on four important themes that may affect the energy sector in 2014 . Their top stocks to buy reflect a close eye on these themes and the changing landscape in the world .
In 2014 , oil markets may need to adjust to the wildcard of rising volumes out of Libya , Iran and Iraq . Any improvement in Middle East relations could up the ante in terms of supply . The U.S. service market is oversupplied at the low end , though high-tech providers can generate good terms . The top players should be able to remain on top . The majors are still one year away from a demonstrable payoff from their $ 250 billion investment programs . Big winners from 2013 are fully valued and investors may need to shift to other energy names . The analysts specifically mention the master limited partnerships and the refining stocks .
Here are the top energy stocks to buy from Credit Suisse for 2014 .
Chevron Corp. ( NYSE : CVX ) is the only major domestic integrated on the Credit Suisse list . The company has benefited greatly in 2013 from record oil and natural gas production in the United States . The company may be looking to expand domestic production by acquiring one of the top exploration and production stocks . Investors are paid a solid 3.4 % dividend . The Credit Suisse price target is $ 140 . The Thomson/First Call estimate is $ 135 . Chevron closed Thursday at $ 123.22 .
Phillips 66 ( NYSE : PSX ) is a refiner that the Credit Suisse team is still very positive on . The Department of Defense declared this week that it granted a $ 292 million contract to Phillips 66 for aviation turbine fuel or jet fuel . Under this contract , Phillips 66 is to deliver jet fuel for 14 months , until April 30 , 2015 . According to the Pentagon , Phillips 66 knocked down 25 other firms for this job . Shareholders are paid a 2.2 % dividend . The Credit Suisse price target for the stock is $ 80 , and the consensus is at $ 79.50 . Phillips 66 closed Thursday at $ 72.92 .
The lion is currently listed as vulnerable at a global level , with its western African subpopulation listed as 'critically endangered ' due to over-hunting and dwindling prey ( AFP Photo/Martin Schutt )
Geneva ( AFP ) - The mighty lion , reclusive cave crabs and the world 's rarest sea lion are among nearly 23,000 species at risk of dying out , a top conservation body warned on Tuesday .
In an update to its `` Red List '' of threatened species , the International Union for the Conservation of Nature hailed some clear advances in saving endangered species like the Iberian Lynx .
But , it warned , those successes have been overshadowed by declines in a range of species , with 22,784 species of animals and plants threatened with extinction .
`` Our natural world is becoming increasingly vulnerable , '' warned IUCN chief Inger Andersen , urging increased efforts to save species teetering on the edge .
Pointing to successes in increasing the populations of the long critically endangered Iberian Lynx and Guadalupe Fur Seal , they insisted `` effective conservation can yield outstanding results . ''
Following six decades of decline , the population of the Iberian Lynx , considered the world 's most endangered feline , has seen its numbers swell from only 52 adult cats in 2002 to 156 a decade later , IUCN said .
Intensive work to restore the rabbit populations the large spotted cats prey on , along with monitoring for illegal trapping and conservation breeding has allowed the species to move from the Red List 's `` critically endangered '' to the `` endangered '' category , it said .
Reintroduction programmes in Spain and Portugal and compensation paid to landowners who made their properties compatible with habitat requirements had also played a role , IUCN said .
The Guadalupe Fur Seal , which was twice thought to be extinct due to overhunting in the late 1800s and early 1900s has also seen its numbers increase , IUCN said .
The silky sea mammal native to the west coast of California and off the Guadalupe islands of Mexico have now moved from the `` near threatened '' to the `` least concern '' category , largely thanks to the enforcement of laws like the USA Marine Mammal Protections Act , it said .
The species has seen its population balloon from 200-500 individuals in the 1950s to around 20,000 in 2010 .
That , however , is still 10 times fewer than before humans started hunting the seal for its dense , luxurious underfur , IUCN said .
- Trade in lion bones -
A range of other mammals have meanwhile fared far worse , due to hunting and the destruction of their natural habitats .
The lion remains listed as vulnerable at a global level , with its western African subpopulation listed as `` critically endangered '' due to over-hunting and dwindling prey .
Rapid decline has also been recorded in eastern Africa , which historically has been a stronghold for lions , IUCN said , warning that trade in bones and other body parts for traditional medicine in Africa and in Asia was a new and emerging threat to the species .
The organisation also highlighted the decline in the extremely reclusive African Golden Cat , a cinnamon-coloured feline about twice the size of a house cat living in central Africa , which is now listed as `` vulnerable '' .
And it pointed to the New Zealand Sea Lion -- one of the rarest sea lion species in the world -- which now is listed as `` endangered '' , due mainly to disease and changes to its habitat caused by fishing .
IUCN also warned that two species of crab , Karstama balicum and Karstama emdi , found only in a single cave on the island of Bali , are now considered `` critically endangered '' , as they have been increasingly threatened by growing tourism and numerous religious ceremonies held in the cave .
All Hallow 's Eve . Samhain . Halloween . Call it what you want , but it is fast approaching !
We have all heard our fair share of urban legends , visited some “ haunted ” houses , been to these locations willingly . But what if we were simply trying to get from point A to point B ? We had no intention of exposing ourselves to the paranormal , the supernatural . A lonely night time drive down the wrong ( or right ? ) road is sometimes all it takes to end up with an encounter you were truly not expecting . The houses and castles seem to have been hogging all the ghosts lately , why not give the back roads and byways a chance to scare the pants off of us ? Here are 10 roads that , according to legend , will more than deliver the goods .
10 A75 Kinmont Straight South West Scotland
For over fifty years this road has been the scene of numerous hauntings . Reports of paranormal activity have been frequent enough that the road has been nicknamed ‘ the Ghost Road ' It is thought to be Scotland 's most haunted road and has received hundreds of reports of unexplained sightings . In 1957 a truck driver saw a couple walk in front of their truck and they thought they hit them . When the driver stopped to investigate the couple were nowhere to be seen . This is something of a typical “ ghost story ” scenario , but that is what Halloween is all about after all !
9 Kelly Road Ohioville , Pennsylvania
A one-mile section of Kelly Road , Ohioville , Pennsylvania is an area that has had numerous reports of paranormal activity and bizarre happenings . Reports say that when animals have entered this haunted stretch of road they suddenly turn from peaceful and quiet to violent ( think Cujo ) , chasing after other animals and even people . The road is surrounded by dark , thick and creepy forest where white apparitions and noises that ca n't be explained have been seen and heard . No one is quite sure why this short section of road is haunted but theories suggest that is could be somehow connected to cult activity that was once taking place in the area and curses that have been put on the land for some reason .
8 Dead Man 's Curve Clermont County , Ohio
Dead man 's curve is a dangerous turning intersection in Clermont County–according to the most common reports , at the place where 222 meets State Route 125 . The road was part of the Ohio Turnpike built in 1831 , and it has a long list of victims . On October 19 , 1969 , five teenagers died there when their 1968 Impala was hit at more than a hundred miles an hour by a 1969 Roadrunner . There was only one survivor : a guy named Rick . Ever since that day , the intersection has been haunted by “ the faceless hitchhiker , ” whom Rick has seen five times . It is described as the pitch-black silhouette of a man , a “ three-dimensional silhouette . ”
According to Haunted Ohio III , Rick 's friend Todd said “ Rick and I were heading home from Bethel to Amelia . I noticed a man 's shape on the side of the road . It turned like it was hitchhiking , with an arm sticking up . The thing wore light-colored pants , a blue shirt , long hair and a blank , flat surface where the face should have been . We looked back . There was nobody there . I 've also seen the black shadow figure , walking its slow , labored , dragging walk by the side of the road . ”
Due to rerouting , the actual location of Dead Man 's Curve is somewhat in doubt . They say it is at 222 and SR 125 , near Bantam Road . As you head east on 125 , 222 turns right towards Felicity and Bantam Road turns left toward East Fork Lake State Park . The spot is just below a carryout .
7 Boone County Illinois
In the city of Belvidere in Boone Country , Illinois there is an intersection that has been the site of many hauntings , particularly the Bloodspoint Road . Other roads included in this local haunting are Wheeler , Flora Church , Pearl , Poole , Sweeney , Cherry Valley , Stone Quarry , Fairdale , and Irene . It is believed that the hauntings on these roads are a result of a number of tragic and spooky events that happened there in the past . These events include hangings , suicide , various train accidents and the purported inhabitation of a witch .
6 Stocksbridge By-Pass England
Stocksbridge By-pass is formerly part of the M67 motorway in England , it was then downgraded to a dual carriage way and today it is just a single carriage way . The road , which was finished being built in 1989 , runs around north side of the Stocksbridge and its valley . It has been the location of many hauntings . Over time there have been sightings of children playing late at night under the bridge and a monk who just stands and looks out . One sighting of the monk prompted a police investigation which ultimately provided no explanation . Other people have heard the sounds of children singing in the vicinity when there are none to be seen . Perhaps most frighteningly are the reports of people driving who have suddenly noticed an apparition of the monk sitting beside them in the car !
5 M6 Motorway England
To answer you question , yes , size does matter . Because in England , many people agree that the longest road is also its most haunted ! Motorists making their way down this road have experienced unusual phenomena : Roman soldiers marching , an upset woman trying to hitch a ride , and lorry going the wrong way down the road ! Apparently with 230 miles and 6 lanes , there is more than enough room for this parade of freaks . Next time you are utilizing the thoroughfare for travel , beware of a phantom pickup truck .
4 Tuen Mun Road Hong Kong
Even if you do n't buy into the whole haunted roads business , you would be wise to exercise caution on this road . The road is very heavily used , yet it has n't been redesigned to take all of the modern traffic . It is notorious for it 's frequent traffic jams wrecks . And apparently , the ghosts are out to get you on top of this ! Many claim that ghosts will suddenly appear in the middle of the road , causing the driver to swerve to avoid hitting the “ person ” . And to make matters worse , supposedly the ghosts of the crash victims are being added to the already high spirit count . Travel this road with caution , and keep an eye out for much less cautious “ pedestrians ” .
3 Highway 666 Utah , United States
Now known as Highway 191 , the route ( the sixth branch of the famous Route 66 ) is notorious for accidents , apparitions , and just plain bad luck . Linda Dunning writes on prairieghosts.com about an incident with their husband :
“ He [ author 's husband ] was alone and had n't seen a car for miles and miles . Suddenly , they saw a truck that looked like it was on fire heading straight for him , right down the middle of the highway . The truck was going so fast that sparks were flying up off the wheels and flames were coming from the smokestack . It scared them so bad that they pulled way off the road and walked 20 feet or so out into the desert away from their car and waited for the truck to pass him , going what they estimated was 130 miles an hour . They then got back into their car and continued on . ”
If you are n't careful , hell hounds will shred your tires . A young girl walking down the road will vanish if you try to help them If you are alone , a ghost may just take up residence in your back seat . Dunning has this to say for you advice :
“ Take a lot of people with you and do n't leave any space for unwanted passengers who just might decide to appear in your backseat . Pull off the road if a huge diesel truck comes barring down on you from either direction . Do n't be curious to see if there is a driver in that single car passing you in the night . Do n't look for lights floating in the sky . Hope you do n't see any young girls in white dresses . Never stop if you spot something peculiar and do n't pick up hitchhikers . Lastly , if demon dogs approach you in the night , just keep driving . ”
2 A229 from Sussex to Kent England
“ In November 1992 Ian Sharpe was heading up the A229 from Sussex into Kent . A girl in white with “ beautiful eyes ” stepped in front of their car and they disappeared under the front Wheels . In total despair Sharpe stopped the car believing they had killed them and was powerless to help .
On leaving the car they found nothing there . No girl , no body no white dress – or even any wildlife ; a fox a badger or a rabbit . Not a sausage… I think you get the point . ”
If you are faint of heart , this road is not recommended . Another contender for England 's most haunted road is A229 . The local constabulary are not strangers to calls of people plowing into pedestrians , more specifically , a woman in white , only to lose track of the body . If you are passing Lower Bell pub towards Maidstone , do n't be too surprised if that hitchhiker vanishes before you reach your destination . The ghost lady is generally regarded as that of Judith Langham , who was tragically killed in a collision of their wedding day , still in their dress .
1 Clinton Road Passaic County , New Jersey
“ What is it about this road ? ” inquires the article on weirdnj.com . A question that has been on the minds of many . What causes all the weird happenings ? While nobody can seem to answer the “ why , ” most can attest to the “ what ” .
If you are visiting the road at midnight , stop by the bridge at Dead Man 's Curve for a game of catch . Toss pennies into the water , and the ghost of a young boy will toss them back .
A gray wolf with red eyes will stalk you from the bushes .
Satan worshippers will hang hang up their bloody clothes to dry , right next to the mutilated animals .
The ruins of a castle reside in the woods .
If you find yourself in the wrong section of woods , expect to be chased out by Satanists or the Ku Klux Klan .
Weird animals , speculated to be survivors and interbred specimens from the abandoned nearby zoo , Jungle Habitat , from which most of the animals escaped .
A dangerous curve that has been the demise of many an unwary driver is rumored to be heavily haunted .
Phantom pickup trucks will gladly escort you from the road . Well , chase you .
Weird lights flying in the sky will draw you attention upward , away from the blood stains on the pavement .
This road is not a joke . Regardless of your stance on the paranormal , it is confirmed fact that many dangerous groups gather here for less-than-savory activities . And they do not like to be disturbed .
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you do n't miss out on our latest lists .
In the weeks between Election Day and Donald Trump 's inauguration , I have found a new hobby . On a daily basis I read various newspapers , magazines and websites in search of stories about Trump voters and how they are surprised by their hero 's broken promises , scared that they may take away their health care or worried about their troubling connections to Vladimir Putin and the Russian government . I then bookmark these news items in my Internet browser for later use . As Nero fiddles and their public dances I can at least try to find small joys and pleasures in the music .
This is my version of liberal Schadenfreude — with slightly more hostile intent . I doubt that I am alone in adopting this new distraction and source of pleasure .
Advertisement :
The butcher 's bill is due .
There are many examples of Trump 's voters and their increasing pain and anxiety .
I am particularly fond of this explanation from a Trump voter who benefited from President Barack Obama 's health care reforms :
I 'm not really a fan of [ Obama 's ] policies , but I like the fact that they gave me health insurance . And I have been worried about the fact that , you know , is it going to go away because , like I said , we 're in a situation now where I ca n't afford to pay $ 1,200 a month . And I ca n't go without insurance because [ a family member ] has to have it in order , you know . . . a transplant could be a million dollars . . . . Well . . . we liked [ Trump ] because they just seemed to be a business person .
The Instagram site Trumpgrets is also a source of great entertainment .
Many Kentucky coal miners supported Donald Trump even though they will likely take away their health care .
This Vox interview with a Trump supporter is priceless :
In the end , I voted for Trump because they promised to repeal and replace Obamacare , and that was the most important issue to my own life . Looking back , I realize what a mistake it was . I ignored the pundits who repeated over and over again that they would not follow through on their promises , thinking they were spewing hysterics for better ratings . Sitting on my couch , my mouth agape at the words coming out their mouth on the TV before me , I realized just how wrong I was .
There are many explanations for why a voter would , might choose a candidate who is likely to do that person harm . The American electorate , to put it kindly , is not particularly sophisticated . The country 's schools are broken : A high percentage of graduates of either high school and college lack critical thinking and reading skills . Many graduates also can not read and properly evaluate a newspaper editorial , or discern if a story is from a reputable source or is `` fake news . '' Voters also privilege different issues in their calculations . For committed conservatives , winning the `` culture war '' may be more important than basic pocketbook or bread-and-butter issues .
Advertisement :
Social scientists have repeatedly shown the ways that American voters reason backward from their conclusions and ignore inconvenient information . The vast majority of Trump voters received their information from Fox News : Disinformation and lies are taken as truth ; the phenomenon of circular and self-limiting knowledge that social scientists call `` epistemic closure '' creates right-wing political zombies . Racism , authoritarianism , bigotry and ethnocentrism are a toxic ( and politically intoxicating ) mix .
And perhaps the most basic truth is that Trump 's voters simply wanted to elect a human grenade as president . They pulled the pin and then forgot to run away from the explosion , likely because they were fascinated by the spectacle and eager to witness the harm that they believed Trump would do to their enemies .
The butcher 's bill is due .
Donald Trump 's proposed policies will not make America great again .
Rural Americans will suffer because of Trump 's environment , trade and agricultural policies . Wealth and income inequality will become more extreme , thus punishing and constricting the life opportunities of the vast majority of Americans of all races and backgrounds . Efforts to roll back and destroy Obamacare will deprive millions of health insurance and may lead to the hundreds of thousands of deaths . Potential deportations of undocumented immigrants will further damage the economy by raising the cost of food and services while also requiring large expenditures of federal money . The expansion of the `` stop and frisk '' Terrordome against black and brown communities will likely increase the number of people killed and brutalized by police while also draining public coffers to pay for the prison-industrial complex as well as to settle innumerable lawsuits against police .
Advertisement :
As philosopher Henry Girioux has repeatedly warned , the `` dead zone of capitalism '' will only be expanded by Donald Trump and the Republican Party 's obsessive advancement of predatory capitalism and austerity . Red state America is already economically unproductive and parasitic , largely dependent on the taxes and economic activity generated in blue state America . As such , Trump 's policies will disproportionately punish their greatest supporters .
Well-intentioned liberals and progressives insist that we should empathize with Trump 's semi-mythical `` white working-class '' voters . These progressive and liberal dreamers reference examples of interracial alliances that struggled to advance shared class interests . Of course such alliances across the color line have occurred in the United States . The United Mine Workers union offers an important example of interracial , if uneven , collaboration and cooperation . At times , white and black sharecroppers across the South and elsewhere worked together against the planter-class plutocrats of the 19th and 20th centuries . In Texas , the `` white scourge '' of cotton was indeed king , but laborers — whites and people of color — found ways to work together to advance their shared economic interests .
Unfortunately , such interracial alliances are not common in American history . Poor and working-class white Americans have all too often chosen the psychological and material `` wages of whiteness '' instead of allying with people of color in the same economic class , even when the latter option would have lifted all boats . These white Americans were not tricked or hoodwinked or conned or bamboozled . They made a decision that loyalty to whiteness took precedence to a shared sense of humanity and the common good . This is a persistent feature of American history from long before the founding of the republic through the era of Donald Trump .
Advertisement :
When Trump 's administration fails to fulfill their promises and leaves the country worse off than before they became president , their voters will be faced with a choice . Will they continue to support him ? Will they turn on their champion ? Can the Great Leader successfully spin and obfuscate theirs failures ?
M.T . Anderson , in a recent essay comparing Joseph Stalin and Donald Trump , offered the following prediction :
As Trump fumbles that economic transition , we can assume that their opponents , both in Washington and on Main Street , will be cast as “ elites ” who are , supposedly , causing the problem in the first place .
Trump 's voters will follow along in lockstep . They will blame Obama , focus their anger on `` illegal immigrants '' or simply default to blaming `` lazy blacks '' and `` inner-city residents '' for the country 's problems . This is a product of the deeply ingrained right-wing ideology and white identity politics that Trump leveraged to win the White House .
Advertisement :
Author William S. Burroughs offered the wisdom , “ Hustlers of the world , there is one mark you can not beat : the mark inside. ” Showman P.T . Barnum supposedly said there was a sucker born every minute . Both observations are appropriate for explaining how Trump 's apparatchiks and supporters are likely to react to their imminent crisis and failure .
The butcher 's bill is due .
American conservatives love to preach the gospel of `` personal responsibility . '' Perhaps Trump 's voters will have the opportunity to reflect on their personal responsibility for what is to come , in the very near future , from their president and their administration .
Today is Inauguration Day . The butcher 's bill has come due . America , how will you pay it ?
In the amount of time it took them to say “ I actually found that I became humbler the longer I was in office , ” former President Barack Obama earned $ 700 during their keynote climate change “ Seeds and Chips ” speech before the Global Food Innovation Summit in Milan , Italy .
TIP JAR Options . Thank you for supporting Independent Journalism Bronze Tip $ 2.00 USD Silver Tip $ 3.00 USD Gold Tip $ 5.00 USD Platinum Tip $ 4.00 USD
Obama broke two records that evening . Not only did they earn more in that 100 minute speech than they did from their legitimate salary as president of the U.S. for eight years , they referred to themselves more than any other president in history during an address before any audience . They even beat their own record .
For $ 500 per second , or $ 30,000 per minute , Obama mentioned themselves 216 times . According to a transcript they used the words “ I ” 168 times , “ me ” or “ my ” 40 times , and “ we , ” “ us ” or “ our ” referring to their family 8 times .
FOX News first reported that during their first 41 speeches as president , Obama talked about themselves 1,198 times . They used “ I ” 1,121 times and “ Me ” 77 . Here is at look more Obama speeches :
Date Times they mentioned themselves Occasion Jan. 2017 75 Farewell Address Jan. 2017 40 Chicago Cubs visit to White House July 2016 45 Slain Dallas Police Officers Address July 2016 119 Democratic National Convention speaking about Hillary Clinton Jan. 2016 76 Gun Control speech Oct. 2015 28 Mass Shooting speech Jan. 2017 118 Speech in India July 2014 199 Austin , Texas speech Jan. 2013 74 State of the Union Speech Jan. 2012 104 State of the Union Speech
In their farewell speeches Bill Clinton spoke for 7 minutes , 25 seconds ; Ronald Reagan spoke for 20 minutes , 42 seconds ; and George W. Bush spoke for 13 minutes , 7 seconds . Obama spoke for 51 minutes , 10 seconds .
Donald Trump referred to themselves three times during their January 20 , 2017 Inaugural Speech . Out of the 1,443 words , the new president said “ I ” three times , “ we ” 45 times and “ you ” 24 times .
President Abraham Lincoln did not refer to themselves once in the Gettysburg Address during the afternoon of Thursday , November 19 , 1863 .
In March 2012 , Ohio will hold a primary for seven parties . However , except for the Democratic and Republican Parties , no one will appear on any party 's primary ballot for U.S. Senate . Minor party members who might have wanted to run for U.S. Senate in their own party 's primary all were unable to get 500 signatures to appear on the statewide primary ballot , mostly because the deadline was shortened unexpectedly .
However , an Ohio Green , Joseph DeMare , is a declared write-in for the U.S. Senate Green Party nomination . Even though they are running unopposed , they can not appear on the November 2012 ballot as a Green unless they receive 500 write-in votes on March 6 . If they are able to surmount this hurdle , they will be the first minor party candidate for statewide office to ever get enough votes in an Ohio minor party primary to be on the November ballot . See this story .
DeMare had to struggle to persuade the Ohio Secretary of State 's office to accept them as a declared write-in candidate . When the Green Party first asked the Secretary of State 's office about filing as a declared write-in , the office said write-ins are not permitted in primaries for U.S. Senate . The office changed its mind after seeing evidence that there had been past declared write-in candidates for U.S. Senate in Republican and Democratic primaries .
News Search
? Search : Search Instructions A simple search will return results that contain all of the specified words in the title or in the body of the news story . The words may appear in any order .
A phrase search can be performed by enclosing the search string in quotes . For instance , searching for `` technical director '' will only return results that contain the exact phrase supplied , with the words in the order specified . News type : All News Items News & Updates Press Release Fact Sheet Speech Testimony Media Advisory
September 23–A research vessel plying the icy waters of the Chukchi Sea above the Arctic Circle seems an odd place for a Federal Aviation Administration employee . But that 's exactly where Alaskan Region inspector Jay Skaggs was on September 12 . Their presence aboard the Westward Wind helped ensure the first FAA-approved commercial flights by an unmanned aircraft went off safely and without a hitch .
The Westward Wind , chartered by energy giant ConocoPhillips , carried four Insitu Scan Eagle UAS to perform marine mammal and ice surveys necessary to meet environmental and safety rules before drilling on the sea floor . Skaggs and the Insitu flight crew led by Jeff Kelly watched as the first commercial ScanEagle zoomed off a catapult and into the rainy Arctic skies . After a successful 36-minute flight , the ship 's retrieval system captured the UAS and the ground-breaking mission was complete .
The ScanEagle flight really represents the tip of the iceberg , so to speak . of the flight is a product of efforts by dozens of people from the FAA , ConocoPhillips , UAS manufacturer Insitu , and other federal and international agencies who put in months of intense work behind the scenes to open up the Arctic for commercial UAS operations .
The 2012 FAA reauthorization required the agency to establish permanent Arctic areas where small UAS can operate for research and commercial purposes . The challenging question was “ how ? ” No UAS rules existed for the international airspace – some of which the FAA manages for the International Civil Aviation Organization—where all the UAS Arctic flights would occur .
In May 2012 , a team of FAA experts began developing a workable approach to meeting the congressional mandate . What emerged was a plan to use three blocks of airspace over international waters . In these areas , small UAS would be able to operate 24 hours a day for research and commercial purposes . Missions from coastal launch sites would fly overwater to a maximum altitude of 2,000 feet . The plan also included developing protocols to operate unmanned aircraft beyond the vision of a pilot or observer ( “ beyond line-of-sight ” ) – a first for small UAS operations .
Once this strategic plan was approved in November , there were several boxes the FAA team had to check off before hardware got into the air during late summer 2013 .
The first was a safety study mandated in the FAA reauthorization . Based on previous studies , the team determined there was an extremely low amount of air and ship traffic and people in the proposed flight areas . That would let unmanned aircraft operate safely beyond a pilot 's or observer 's vision while remaining within safety margins established for manned aircraft .
Concurrently , the FAA 's Aircraft Certification office was working to give the first civil type certificates to a pair of small UAS -- Insitu 's ScanEagle X200 and AeroVironment 's PUMA . In late July , the agency awarded a Restricted Category Type Certificate to both models so these two small UAS could be flown commercially . ( See “ One Giant Leap for Unmanned Kind , ” http : //www.faa.gov/news/updates/ ? newsid=73118 )
ConocoPhillips furnished the last piece of the puzzle . As early as October 2012 , the company had expressed interest in flying a UAS for their marine mammal and ice surveys . The FAA and ConocoPhillips subsequently signed an Other Transaction Agreement and the agency issued an authorization for the flights to take place in the late summer when potentially harsh Arctic conditions would be most benign .
The September ScanEagle flights are just the start of the FAA Arctic Plan . Small UAS in the Arctic can benefit many operations , such as scientific research , search and rescue , fisheries , marine mammal observers , oil and gas leaseholders and maritime route planners . The project is giving the FAA and industry needed experience and a path forward to certify UAS for more commercial operations , both in the Arctic and elsewhere .
India reclaimed its world 's top gold consumer crown from China as demand for jewellery surged almost 60 % in the third quarter of the year , fresh data from the World Gold Council ( WGC ) shows .
Global demand , however , fell to its lowest in nearly five years as Chinese buying slid by a third and gold jewellery , the biggest single area of consumption , dropped 4 % to 534 tonnes .
Overall , the south Asian nation —which had lost their position as the world 's No.1 gold consumer to China in 2011—bought 39 % more gold in the run-up to Diwali and the start of the traditional wedding season .
The WGC said that a weakening of gold prices in rupee terms had boosted demand in India , and that confidence in the new government led by Narendra Modi had also contributed to the rise .
The increase in Indian purchases is more marked because demand for gold in the same period in 2013 was particularly weak , due to government restrictions on gold imports designed to limit the country 's current account deficit .
“ It is now beyond debate that import restrictions have had little impact on the demand for gold and yet have strengthened the unauthorized supply channels , ” according to WGC India 's Managing Director P.R . Somasundaram .
Gold smuggling into India has skyrocketed since the government ratcheted up restrictions and taxes on legitimate imports of the precious metal . According to the council , about 200 tons of gold came through unofficial route last year and a similar quantity is also expected this year .
WGC Managing director of investment strategy Marcus Grubb noted the fiures for India and China this quarter reinforce the need to understand the factors which underpinned an `` exceptional Q3 '' last year .
`` People around the world buy gold for different reasons at different times , reinforcing the unique self balancing nature of the gold market . With recycling at a seven year low and mine supply looking increasingly likely to be constrained in the future the outlook for physical gold demand remains strong , ” they said in today 's statement .
Key findings from the report : · Jewellery remains the biggest component of gold demand , representing more than half of all demand at 534t , which is 4 % lower year on year . Jewellery demand was driven by India , which increased 60 % to 183t . UK and US demand was also strong . Chinese jewellery demand fell 39 % to 147t as the jewellery market caught its breath after an exceptional year for demand last year . · Central banks bought 93t of gold in Q3 2014 , 9 % lower year on year , but the 15th consecutive quarter that banks were net purchasers of gold . · Investment demand ( bars and coins and ETFs ) was up 6 % to 204t . However , there was a 21 % fall in bar and coin demand from 312t to 246t following unprecedented levels of demand last year . ETF outflows stood at 41t compared to 120t in the same period last year . · Technology demand was 98t , 5 % lower than a year ago as the industry continued its shift towards alternative materials in technological applications . · Total supply fell by 7 % year on year to 1,048t . Mine production was up slightly 1 % to 812t , but recycling of gold continued to abate , declining 25 % year on year to 250t , and on a year to date basis is the lowest level since 2007 .
The full report is available here .
Off The Hook 's ongoing Vans OTH project welcomes its newest collaborative partner , Canadian streetwear label Raised by Wolves . Drawing inspiration from Montreal weather and the synergy that unites each brand , the Vans x OTH x RBW pack – which includes two classic Vans silhouettes , the Sk8-Hi LX and the Old Skool Zip LX – melds different material stories under a single exploit .
Combining Vans ' rich heritage with Off The Hook and Raised by Wolves ' street saavy , both silhouettes feature leather and suede panelling , with the left foot constructed from a premium leather upper and suede toe box . The same fabrics appear in reverse order on the other shoe . Both pairs have been outfitted with water-resistant Scotchguard technology , sealed zippers and gusseted tongues to keep moisture out .
The Vans x OTH x Raised by Wolves pack will be released in-store at Off The Hook and online at shop.offthehook.ca and raisedbywolves.ca on Saturday , February 27 at 11 a.m. EST .
Subscribe
Big news from the jailbreak community can tend to come out on the weekends , and this weekend is no exception . Earlier today Chronic Dev Team hacker pod2g confirmed that the upcoming untethered jailbreak for iOS 5.1.1 is only a “ matter of days ” away from dropping . We 've been telling you that the jailbreak is coming for months , but it looks like things are finally coming together for a public release .
Coincidentally , a hacking convention called “ Hack in the Box ” will be taking place this week , and the Chronic Dev Team will be there in full force . We 're hearing that the new jailbreak tool will likely be announced at the conference . The name of the new jailbreak will be “ Absinthe 2.0 , ” following the previous version of Absinthe that jailbroke the iPhone 4S and iPad 2 for the first time .
Pod2g has confirmed that their untethered jailbreak will work on the following devices :
Phone 3Gs
iPhone 4
iPhone 4 CDMA
iPhone 4S
iPad 1
iPad 2 Wifi
iPad 2 GSM
iPad 2 CDMA
iPad 3 Wifi
iPad 3 CDMA
iPod 3G
iPod 4G
It looks like the third-gen Apple TV will be the only iOS device not compatible with the jailbreak . When a jailbreak is untethered , it means that you do n't have to re-jailbreak an iOS device every time it reboots . Once you jailbreak , it sticks until you update your iOS firmware .
Like past jailbreaks , expect the Absinthe 2.0 jailbreak tool to be released for OS X first , then Windows and possible Linux . The iPhone Dev Team 's RedSn0w tool will also be updated with the new 5.1.1 jailbreak alongside Absinthe 2.0 , giving users a couple options for jailbreaking .
The previous release of Absinthe was a huge success . It was downloaded millions of times in only a few days , proving that there 's still healthy demand for jailbreaking post-iOS 5 .
After many months of waiting , we should finally be getting our hands on a new jailbreak in only few days . Apple released iOS 5.1.1 on May 7th with several bug fixes and improvements . Developers are expected to get their hands on a preview of iOS 6 at Apple 's Worldwide Developer Conference in June .
Here 's a video of Absinthe 2.0 in action on an iPhone 4 running iOS 5.1.1 :
Sources : pod2g , xvolks , MuscleNerd
Those who keep up with my Scraps know that I 've been on a pretty solid Deep Space Nine kick , since they put it on the Netflix . Took a swift five minutes for those little crush bells to ring . I 'm so predictable . My husband does n't even tease me for it anymore .
Major Kira ( channelling Audrey Hepburn a little bit ) and Constable Odo . There 's so much about Odo that charms me ; He 's outwardly gruff but tenderhearted , they suffer a [ temporarily ] unrequited love , he 's unusual and self-conscious , and they have a career in law enforcement .
Ahh , couples couples couples . I have commissions to finish up , and I 'm doing this crap . This is a bad time to develop a crush .
props : characters © Roddenberry & Co .
materials : ink , paper + PS8
music : Raphael Saadiq , `` Sure Hope You Mean It ''
Please do not reproduce without my explicit permission .
( Official White House photo/Pete Souza )
( CNSNews.com ) – President Barack Obama said at a town hall event in Johannesburg , South Africa , on Saturday that unless we find new way of producing energy `` the planet will boil over '' if people in Africa are allowed to attain air conditioning , automobiles and big houses .
“ Ultimately , if you think about all the youth that everybody has mentioned here in Africa , if everybody is raising living standards to the point where everybody has got a car and everybody has got air conditioning , and everybody has got a big house , well , the planet will boil over -- unless we find new ways of producing energy . ”
If the player does not load , please check that you are running the latest version of Adobe Flash Player .
The president 's comments , made the day before unveiling their “ Power Africa ” initiative for a “ sustainable ” African energy strategy , came while speaking at University of Johannesburg-Soweto .
According to Obama , global warming constitutes “ the biggest challenge we have environmentally , ” one greater than all other environmental calamities like “ dirty water , dirty air . ”
However , the President 's statements do not reflect statistics released by the United Nations : Based on a data released in October , 2012 , the World Health Organization estimated that “ Global warming ” is responsible for approximately 140,000 excess deaths each year .
By comparison , as many as three million people died from indoor and outdoor air pollution – in other words , over 20 times the number of alleged victims of global warming , according to the Word Health Organization .
The list of victims of unclean drinking water is even more staggering .
According to UNESCO , unsanitized water causes billions of preventable diseases annually , from diarrhea ( 4 billion ) , cholera ( 120,000 ) , malaria ( 300-500 million ) , intestinal parasites ( 25 % of world 's population ) , typhoid ( 12 million ) , trachoma ( 6 million ) , and schistosomiesis ( 200 million ) . list from highest to the least affected
The president gave short shrift to these more traditional health concerns during their visit to the continent . Instead , Obama implied several times that the U.S. would only encourage growth in Africa should it be grounded in “ clean energy strategies ” and not in “ corrupting ” energy economies that gave rise to unprecedented levels of health and prosperity among Western nations .
Speaking on the future of U.S. aid to Africa , the president said that it was their goal “ to see if we can leapfrog some of the polluting practices of America or Europe , and go straight to the clean energy strategies that will allow you to advance economic growth , but not corrupt the planet . ”
The crux of the president 's new energy strategy is a $ 7 billion investment that Obama hopes will stimulate the alternative energy sector in Africa – much like the president sought to do with huge domestic investments in green energy companies like Solyndra .
“ In partnership with African nations , we 're going to develop new sources of energy . We 'll reach more households – not just in cities , but in villages and on farms . We 'll expand access for those who live currently off the power grid . And we 'll support clean energy to protect our planet and combat climate change , ” President Obama said Sunday at the University of Cape Town .
\
Local GOP chair resigns after ' Daily Show ' interview where they said 'lazy black people ' want the 'government to give them everything '
North Carolina Buncombe County Republican chair Don Yelton has resigned after their 'Daily Show ' interview
The interview , aired Wednesday , was about the new voter ID law which the Justice Department claims is intended to limit minority voters
Yelton made several racist comments in the interview and said that if the law prevents 'lazy blacks who want the government to give them everything ' from voting , 'so be it '
The GOP distanced itself from Yelton and called for their resignation
A North Carolina county precinct Republican chair has resigned after a controversial interview that aired on 'The Daily Show ' Wednesday night .
A spokesperson for the Buncombe County Republican Party confirmed that the resignation was directly related to the interview , in which Yelton said , among other things , 'lazy black people ' want 'the government to give them everything . '
Interviewer Aasif Mandvi interviewed Yelton about North Carolina 's new voter ID law , which has been contested by the Justice Department .
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Cringeworthy : Republican Don Yelton made comments to Daily Show correspondent Aasif Mandvi that prompted the latter to remark , 'You know we can hear you , right ? '
The state contends that the law , which requires voters to show certain specified forms of photo ID in order to be allowed to vote , is intended to limit minority voters .
Yelton demurred , saying the law would prevent voter fraud , a crime committed , by their own admission , by possibly one or two people per year .
'The bottom line is , the law is not racist , ' stated Yelton .
'Of course the law is not racist . And you 're not racist , ' suggests Mandvi , a statement which is greeted by a long pause from Yelton .
'Well , ' they say . ' I have been called a bigot before . '
Resigned : North Carolina county precinct GOP chair Yelton resigned on Thursday after the offensive interview aired
They go on to tell Mandvi that in fact , one of their best friends is black .
The segment then becomes a montage of cringe-worthy statements from Yelton , including :
'When I was a young man , you did n't call a black , you called them a negro . '
' I had a picture one time of Obama sitting on a stump as a witch doctor , I posted that one Facebook ... I was making fun of the white half of Obama , not the black half . '
'And now , you have a black person using the term , 'n * * * * * this , n * * * * * * that , ' and it 's OK for them to do it . '
This last comment prompts Mandvi to ask Yelton , 'You know we can hear you , right ? '
Yelton goes on to explain that in fact , the voter ID law in North Carolina would affect mostly Democrat voters , effectively admitting that the law suppresses Democrat votes .
'If it hurts the whites , so be it , ' they say . 'If it hurts a bunch of lazy blacks that want the government to give them everything , so be it . '
Yelton 's Facebook feed is equally unbecoming to a person in the public eye , proving he 's never been one to mince their words - or even spell them correctly .
Facebook faux pas : Yelton 's Facebook feed is as uncensored as their Daily Show interview
Pushed out : The GOP says it does not support Yelton 's views or comments
According to Business Insider , the Buncombe County GOP said in a statement that Yelton was 'recently reprimanded and removed from their position as a precinct chair . '
They had been re-elected to the position at the 2013 convention by a margin of two votes - their own and their wife 's .
'Mr Yelton 's comments are offensive , uniformed , and unacceptable of any member within the Republican Party , ' the statement read .
'In no way are their comments representative of the local or state Republican Party . '
This is the finished version of the Batgirl redesign , a commission bonus for , inspired by the art style of Netherrealm Studios ( Mortal Kombat X , Injustice : Gods Among Us , etc. ) . I fixed the mask and made a few more changes from the WIP I had posted before.Apologies for the tardiness , now that my cat Sofi is back home from surgery things have been kind of hectic . I was unfortunately unable to raise enough money to cover the entire cost of their surgery so I had to put myself in a worse-off financial situation to cover the remainder of the cost , not including the cost of medication for their recovery . I had hoped to raise enough to cover all of that and pet insurance , but it did n't happen . As a result I 've had to deal with crazy bank nonsense the past few days , so I 'm delayed a little bit in getting everything out . Please bear with me while I continue to sort all that out.However , commission raffles , video tutorials , art mentorships , NSFW content and other things are available at my Patreon at www.patreon.com/katmachiavelli The front page will have to be redone with a video once I have the time , but more content for that will be announced soon . Remember , if you sign up for the $ 20 pledge tier or higher AND purchase my upcoming tutorial ( which I wanted to have out this weekend but cat surgery stuff got a little too crazy for comfort ) I will have a very special bonus tutorial with regard to the making of the Cammy piece I did called `` Gyro Drive Smasher '' which will not be available anywhere else for purchase at a later date . Sign up before the end of the month and purchase the tutorial when it comes out at www.gumroad.com/katmachiavelli in order to secure the tutorial ! Anyhoo I hope you guys enjoy this for now . ^_^ Will upload more as the week goes on .
Farewell to Free Pizza : Lulu 's to Close on August 9th
As we were passing by Lulu 's on Sunday night we were shocked to see a sign outside saying ‘ Last Call…15 Days Left ‘ . When we popped inside in the hope that the sign was just some kind of sick prank , our worst fears were confirmed : Lulu 's , the Franklin Street institution famed and loved for its free pizza and live music will indeed be closing its doors for the last time on August 9th .
Lulu 's Manager Ani Monteleone tells us the closure “ has something to do with an unresolvable disagreement with the landlords of the space . ”
In April of this year Lulu 's owner John McGillion took out a lawsuit against their landlord for not allowing them to turn the establishment into a gay bar . According to the New York Post , McGillion stated that they were “ barely scraping by on the proceeds of the bar ” and felt that they would “ be able to make a considerable profit ” by making Lulu 's a gay venue . The landlord 's alleged ( and shocking ) ‘ anti-gay clause ' stopped this idea from ever coming to fruition .
McGillion also owns other local free pizza venues The Charleston and The Alligator Lounge ( along with several others ) and we 're told that “ there is no plan to open a new Lulu 's , only to carry on as usual with the other bars . ”
“ We are all very sad about Lulu 's closing ” says Monteleone “ and It 's crazy to see the community 's response as well . ”
Lulu 's will be having a GRAND FINALE open show on August 9th that will feature bands from past and present employees of Lulu 's . The final hurrah will start early in the afternoon and will most likely go all night . Stay tuned to their Facebook page for more info . It is essential that everyone who has ever known and loved Lulu 's gets down there to give them the send-off they deserve ! .
In the meantime make sure you spend a few quality evenings propping up the bar before Lulu 's is gone forever . Grab a beer , rock out , eat some gratis pizza and treat yourself to a few extra toppings . Who knows how long it could be until free pizza returns to Greenpoint… ( STIFLED SOB ) .
The story of Margaret Humphreys , a social worker from Nottingham who , in 1986 , uncovered one of the most significant social scandals of recent times . Emily Watson stars .
The story of Margaret Humphreys , a social worker from Nottingham who , in 1986 , uncovered one of the most significant social scandals of recent times : the deportation of thousands of children in care from the United Kingdom to Australia .
Almost single-handedly , against overwhelming odds and with little regard for their own wellbeing , Margaret reunited thousands of families , brought authorities to account and drew worldwide attention to an extraordinary miscarriage of justice .
Children as young as four had been told that their parents were dead , and been sent to children 's homes on the other side of the world . They were promised oranges and sunshine , but what they got instead was hard labour and life in institutions .
Average Golfer Scoring Statistics
Dr. L.J . Riccio , PhD did an analysis of `` average golfers . ''
Although much is known about the statistical profile of professional golfers , little has been published on the play of other golfers . Riccio 's 1990 paper used data from over 100 golfers ranging in ability from Jack Nicklaus to a 35 handicapper .
The analysis was designed to determine which aspects of play separates the average players from the top amateurs . I 've also done an analysis of PGA Tour Tournament results from 2007 . Scroll down to view . They found that some specific statistics were good predictors of score .
For example , the number of pars made could be used to accurately predict score , using the equation , SCORE = 102.6 - 2.7 X # pars . If a player typically makes 7 pars each round , his/her likely average score would be 102.6 - 2.7 X 7 = 83.7 . Take a look at how many pars you usually make in a round ( analyze your last 5 rounds ) . What does the above formula predict for your average score ? Is it a good predictor ? Another good predictor is greens in regulation , GIR . The formula Riccio discovered for GIR is SCORE = 95.1 - 2.0 X GIR . If you are an excellent ball striker and happen to hit on average 15 greens per round , then your likely average score would be 95.1 - 2.0 X 15 = 65.1 . Yes , 65 ! The pros do n't hit on average 15 greens per round ..
Below is a table which summarizes some of the statistics that Riccio investigated . Where do you fit in with your game ?
AVERAGE SCORE Relationship CATEGORY 71 75 79 81 85 89 91 95 99 GIR 12 10 8 7 5 3 2 0 0 Strong % Fairways 81 71 61 56 46 36 31 21 11 Weak Iron Accuracy 80 68 53 47 33 20 13 0 0 Good Putts per Round 29.0 30.3 31.7 32.3 33.7 35.0 35.7 37.0 38.3 Weak Pitch/Chip/Sand 5.1 7.4 9.8 10.9 13.3 15.6 16.8 19.2 21.5 Strong Birdies 3.2 2.4 1.8 1.5 0.8 0.1 0 0 0 Strong Pars 11.8 10.3 8.8 8.1 6.6 5.1 4.3 2.8 1.3 Strong
The last column indicates the strength of the statistical relationship between score and the statistic . A `` Strong '' relationship is one that predicts quite well one statisitic given the other ( i.e . the SCORE given the GIR ) . A `` Weak '' relationship does not predict as well .
Let 's say your scoring average is 89 . You have a goal to get down to breaking 80 , thus a scoring average of 79 . Compared to overall average golfer statistics , you need to improve by :
† increasing GIR from 3 to 8 ( 267 % increase ) † increasing Iron Accuracy from 20 to 53 % ( 265 % increase )
† reducing Putts per Round from 35.0 to 31.7 ( 9.5 % decrease )
† reducing Pitch/Chip/Sand from 15.6 to 9.8 ( 37 % decrease
Your ball striking and thus swing would need to improve immensely to reach your goal . Imagine how much less improvement is necessary with the short game to realize lower scores . I recommend you buying Dave Pelz 's book to help out .
I 've also done my own statistical study on amateur golfer statistics . Using a similar range of handicaps as Riccio , I 've analyzed scores from my own golf club 's tournaments . Click on this link , Fair Handicap Analysis .
From www.usga.org , they have a listing of Men 's Handicap Indexes and percentages in each category . Even though this would not include all golfers , it 's a pretty good representative sample . 70 % of men have indices between 7 and 23 , corresponding to scores of about 77 to 93 , with an average of 85 ( assuming a course rating of about 70 ) .
PGA Tour 2007 Analysis -- GIR , Score and Fairway Accuracy
I 'm a subscriber to TourCast that 's sponsored by the PGA Tour . I use it to collect statistics of Tour players . I 'm most interested in overall tournament statistics . I recently looked at the Nissan Open ( Riviera in LA ) and AT & T Pebble Beach tournaments . I focused on Par 4 holes . I found that scoring average hole is signficantly lower when players hit their second shots from the fairway . Below is a graph of Score versus Overall GIR .
Over the rounds of both tournaments , the average GIR when players hit the fairway was 61 % while when hitting from the rough , it was 44 % . From the graph above , a 61 % GIR yields an average score of about 4.06 and a 44 % GIR yields an average score of 4.22 . That 's 0.16 strokes per holes . Courses usually have about 10 - 12 par fours .
For a course with 12 par fours , hitting from the rough would add 12 X 0.16 = 1.92 stokes to a round . An average of 1.92 strokes per round more on the PGA Tour is HUGE ! !
On the 2006 Tour , that 's the difference between being # 1 ( $ 9.9 Million ) and # 13 ( $ 2.6 Million ) OR the difference between being # 20 ( $ 2.6 Million ) and # 182 ( $ 1.0 Million ) . Amateurs hit fewer fairways than do pros which would mean the cost is even greater than 1.92 strokes per round .
And , amateurs are less able to hit decent shots from the rough so there would be an even great differences For amateurs , especially , it 's much more important to hit the fairway than to hit it long .
Try a little experiment . For five rounds or so , instead of hitting a Driver off the tee , hit a fairway wood or hybrid and keep track of how many fairways you hit and how many greens you hit . With the greater loft , you 'll hit fewer errant shots and find more fairways .
The goal of the game is to shoot the lowest score , is n't it ? ? ?
An astronaut aboard the International Space Station used a powerful lens to photograph these three reefs in Australia 's Great Barrier Reef . The photo area spans about 15 kilometers ( 10 miles ) of the 2300-kilometer ( 1,700 mile ) reef system . Reefs are easy to spot from space because the iridescent blues of shallow lagoons contrast sharply with the dark blues of deep water .
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest reef system on Earth , with more than 3,000 separate reefs and coral cays . It is also one of the most complex natural ecosystems , with 600 types of corals and thousands of animal species from tiny planktons to whales .
Corals look like plants , but are in fact colonies of very small animals known as coral polyps—closely related to jellyfish . The color differences in the photo relate to different habitats for coral growth ; that is , the habitats strongly relate to two sources of energy and nutrients .
Agitated water—as in the surface zone , where waves break against the reef—provides more plankton nutrients than still water , especially for reefs like these that lie far from land sources of nutrients ( 75 kilometers or 45 miles from the Queensland coastline ) . The best-developed reef crests face the open ocean ( image right ) for this reason . The dark , narrow channels between the lagoons also allow deeper , nutrient-rich water to reach the reef-crest corals . But waves are also destructive , so only robust types of coral live within the breaker zone .
The other source of energy is the Sun , which is needed by symbiotic , single-cell organisms that provide most of the nutrients for coral growth . The dark blues in the image are zones where too little light penetrates the water . Tropical corals disappear where the light fades away : about 60 meters ( 200 feet ) below the sea surface . By contrast , the shallow water within the lagoons has the strongest light supply and displays numerous patches of coral . Although lagoons are protected from the full force of waves , they lack the plankton supply from constant wave agitation . This limits the amount of living coral within the lagoon , as seen in the empty zones . But the lagoons have so many microhabitats that they boast the greatest number of species in the reef ecosystem—with mollusks , worms , and crustaceans often dominating the visible fauna .
The Great Barrier Reef is now protected in a marine park . The three reefs captured here—part of the planning area for the Whitsunday group of islands , which are 900 kilometers ( 560 miles ) north of Brisbane in Queensland—have different types of protected status . The reef at top left is a habitat protection zone , controlling potentially damaging activities such as trawling . The reef on the lower left is a conservation park , which has limited fishing . The reef at the center of the image is a marine national park , with no fishing or collecting .
Astronaut photograph ISS045-E-56257 was acquired on October 12 , 2015 , with a Nikon D4 digital camera using an 1150 millimeter lens , and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations Facility and the Earth Science and Remote Sensing Unit , Johnson Space Center . The image was taken by a member of the Expedition 45 crew . The image has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast , and lens artifacts have been removed . The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory as part of the ISS National Lab to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public , and to make those images freely available on the Internet . Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA/JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth . Caption by M. Justin Wilkinson , Texas State U. , Jacobs Contract at NASA-JSC .
Playing in their second Stanley Cup final in team history , the Vancouver Canucks fall to the New York Rangers 3-2 in Game 7 at Madison Square Garden .
The Canucks had bounced back from a 3-1 series deficit , forcing a seventh game in the championship final for just the second time in 23 years . Only the 1942 Toronto Maple Leafs had ever come back from so deep in the hole , but the outstanding play of goalie Kirk McLean , star winger Pavel Bure and team captain Trevor Linder nonetheless had the underdog Canucks at even odds entering the do-or-die final .
article continues below
The Rangers opened scoring for the first time since Game 2 after Sergei Zubov froze McLean before making a cross-ice feed to an open Brian Leetch , who had no trouble throwing the puck top shelf . Zubov assisted on the game 's second goal as well , by Adam Graves ' with Canucks defenceman Jyrki Lumme in the penalty box , at 14:45 into the first period .
Linden cut the lead in half with a breakaway goal at 5:21 of the second period , but Rangers captain Mark Messier capitalized on yet another power play to make it 3-1 at the 13:29 mark by after scoring on McLean five-hole .
With the Canucks on the power play , forward Cliff Ronning passed to Bure cross ice , who in turn fed Linden down low for a one-timer past Richter to silence the crowd at 4:50 into the third .
The Rangers nonetheless managed to hang on to win their first Stanley Cup in 54 years , and former Edmonton Oiler Messier became the first and only player in NHL history to hoist Lord Stanley 's mug as captain of two separate teams .
( His stint as captain of a third team did n't turn out nearly as well . )
Back home in Vancouver , a post-game downtown street party attended by thousands of fans turned into a riot . As many as 500 police officers , many equipped with riot gear and using large doses of tear gas , battled civilians near the intersection of Robson and Thurlow , and roughly 200 people were injured , including a 19-year-old man police say was a ringleader and who was shot in the head with a rubber bullet , leaving permanent brain damage . More than 50 people were arrested during the melee , and the final bill for damages was around $ 1 million .
WHAT :
A new study supported by the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) suggests that sublingual immunotherapy ( SLIT ) can reduce the allergic response to peanut in adolescents and adults . SLIT is a treatment approach in which , under medical supervision , people place a small amount of allergen under the tongue to decrease their sensitivity to the allergen . This is one of the first randomized , placebo-controlled studies to test the efficacy and safety of SLIT to treat peanut allergy and is one of several federally funded trials investigating immune-based approaches to preventing and treating food allergy . The results appear online in the January issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .
The study enrolled 40 people aged 12 to 37 years with peanut allergy who were on a peanut-free diet . After an initial food challenge to measure how much peanut powder they could eat without having an allergic reaction , participants received 44 weeks of daily therapy , followed by a second food challenge . Fourteen of the 20 participants ( 70 percent ) given peanut SLIT were able to consume at least 10 times more peanut powder than they could at the beginning of the study , compared with only 3 of the 20 participants ( 15 percent ) given placebo . After 68 weeks on peanut SLIT , on average , participants could consume significantly more peanut powder without having an allergic reaction . Study investigators also observed that SLIT caused only minor side effects , such as itching in the mouth , suggesting that daily therapy is safe .
Although more work is needed , the investigators hope that SLIT could one day help protect people with peanut allergy from experiencing severe allergic reactions in cases of accidental exposure . The researchers caution that people should not try peanut SLIT on their own because any form of immunotherapy carries a significant risk for allergic reactions . The therapy should be administered only under the guidance of trained clinicians .
Source : NIH/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
​On Tuesday , precisely eight years and one month after Stéphane Dion first vowed that a Liberal government would implement a tax on the carbon emissions that contribute to climate change , the Conservative Party warned its supporters the Liberal government is planning to impose `` a big new tax on everything . ''
That much was based on Environment Minister Catherine McKenna 's latest expression of fondness for a national price on carbon .
And on Wednesday , in an interview with the CBC 's Rosemary Barton , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau did their opponents the favour of confirming their stance that `` putting a price on carbon is going to be an essential element '' of seriously protecting the environment .
It is almost as if the last eight years , during which no comprehensive program for sufficiently reducing Canada 's greenhouse gas emissions was achieved , have only been a mind-numbingly dull and repetitive exercise that shames us as a society .
Which is not to say that nothing has changed .
As Liberal leader in 2008 , Stephane Dion proposed implementing a carbon tax . ( Chris Wattie/Reuters )
A carbon tax after Dion
Though Dion was pummeled and mocked in 2008 , the provinces of Ontario , Quebec and , importantly , Alberta are now committed to broadly pricing carbon ( British Columbia introduced its own carbon tax four months before Dion 's proposal ) and all of the provinces are at least committed to considering `` carbon pricing mechanisms '' ( whatever that means ) .
The leader of Ontario 's Progressives Conservatives , Patrick Brown , is proposing to implement a carbon tax with commensurate cuts to the province 's income tax . Michael Chong , a candidate for leader of the federal Conservatives , is proposing the same thing nationally .
And on the same day the federal party was warning darkly of that `` big new tax on everything , '' Mark Cameron , a former policy advisor to Stephen Harper , published a piece entitled `` The Conservative Case for a Carbon Tax . ''
( While the Conservative party argues a carbon tax `` will do nothing to actually help the environment , '' Cameron posits that , `` putting a price on negative externalities like pollution and greenhouse gas emissions is often a better and more economically efficient way of discouraging them and reducing emissions than the heavy hand of government regulation . '' )
Now Trudeau , with the benefit of these last eight years , might do something like what Dion proposed .
A taxing debate about price
Whereas Dion made a `` carbon tax '' the centrepiece of their party 's campaign , Trudeau , a rather more gifted communicator , mused of a `` price '' among other promises .
`` Price '' is a catch-all term that could refer to any of a number of policies , a carbon tax , for instance , or cap-and-trade . Jason Kenney , the Conservative now aiming to become premier of Alberta , has described such wording as `` Orwellian , '' but it is also not clear what distinctions are left to be made between pricing mechanisms .
When the Conservatives were opposing Dion 's carbon tax , for instance , they were still in favour of putting a price on carbon through a cap-and-trade system . Later , when faced with the NDP 's support for cap-and-trade , the Conservatives decided that cap-and-trade and a carbon tax were synonymous and equally ruinous . Then Stephen Harper spoke approvingly of Alberta 's carbon levy .
If there is a nuanced argument , perhaps about how the revenues of a price could be used , it has been rather obscured . And all the while , no plan for meeting Canada 's reduction commitments has ever been articulated .
Ultimately , the debate seemed to be down to doing something to significantly reduce Canada 's GHG emissions versus not .
Any number of economists will argue that putting a price on carbon will reduce emissions at the lowest economic cost — keeping in mind that any policy to reduce GHG emissions will carry some kind of cost — but it is exceedingly easy to argue against anything that can be described as a tax , because no one likes the idea of anything costing more than it already does . And climate change , whatever the very real impacts that are already evident , is still an abstract threat requiring shared global action .
Conservative MP Jason Kenney opposes the Alberta NDP 's carbon tax . ( The Canadian Press )
Jason Kenney and Brad Wall stand opposed
`` I think we need to be mindful of the fact , that we produce , I believe it is , 1.7 per cent of greenhouse gases emitted worldwide , '' Jason Kenney said earlier this month , a day after announcing their intention to become premier of Alberta .
Kenney objects to Alberta 's carbon tax , and on Wednesday they were cheering on Brad Wall as the Saskatchewan premier repeated their objections to a national carbon tax . Wall argues that now is just not the right time for a carbon tax .
There are other potential obstacles to a national deal on carbon emissions — Nova Scotia , for instance , has argued that the increased rates it pays for cleaner electricity amount to a carbon price — but Kenney and Wall have emerged as the loudest voices of outright objection .
Two weeks ago , Kenney did not explain what conclusions might be drawn from their desired mindfulness , but they might not wish to suggest that that 1.7 per cent should be considered in any way insignificant .
Consider , for the sake of comparison , Canada 's involvement in the bombing campaign against ISIS in Syria and Iraq , an effort that Kenney was responsible for as defence minister .
For the period in which Canada was involved in that particular campaign , Canadian fighter jets were involved in 2.5 per cent of the international coalition 's airstrikes .
That much for a cause that Kenney described as a `` moral obligation . '' And so it is now that Kenney is chided on similar grounds .
`` What kind of future does [ Jason Kenney ] want to leave for our children & grandchildren ? '' Environment Minister Catherine McKenna tweeted on Monday .
If not a price on carbon , what ?
Andrew Leach , the University of Alberta professor who advised Rachel Notley 's government on its GHG policy , has also suggested more immediate motivations for acting : the rejection of pipelines like Keystone XL , the possible threats of international standards and environmentally minded shareholder demands on private companies .
Conversely , one might wish to wager that the world is not finally moving towards meaningful action on climate change . That acting to fulfil Canada 's international commitments is still not worth the trouble . Or that it somehow still makes sense to wait .
But eight years after Dion 's ill-fated Green Shift , the standing proposal is to put a price on carbon . And opponents of the policy might be asked two simple questions .
If not that , what ?
If not now , when ?
Following the release of their track list for their second studio album “ WINGS , ” more details about BTS 's comeback album has been revealed .
“ WINGS ” features 15 tracks including their intro track and title track . Each member will have their own solo track on the album making a total of seven solo tracks .
Remember the individual short films for each member that BTS previously dropped ? Each title refers to the solo song title for the member in question . This means “ Begin ” is Jungkook 's solo track , “ Lie ” is Jimin 's solo track , “ Stigma ” is V 's solo track , “ First Love ” is Suga 's solo track , “ Reflection ” is Rap Monster 's solo track , “ MAMA ” is J-Hope 's solo track , and “ Awake ” is Jin 's solo track .
BTS 's “ WINGS ” will be released on October 10 .
Stay tuned for updates !
Source ( 1 )
For nearly a year now , the U.S. has spurned calls to provide arms to Ukraine in its increasingly bloody conflict with Russian-backed separatists .
But now , officials in the White House are musing openly about sending `` lethal aid '' to Ukraine , which some military analysts believe is the only way to deal with what they see as belligerence from Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Arming Ukraine `` would be a very significant escalation , but it 's a necessary one , '' says Stephen Blank , senior fellow with the American Foreign Policy Council in Washington , D.C. , who calls Russia 's actions in Ukraine `` the greatest threat to international security that we have today . ''
Any time a great power armed with thousands of nuclear weapons is backed into a corner , you are asking for really serious trouble . - John Mearsheimer , University of Chicago
But there 's a strong possibility that by arming Ukraine , the U.S. could spur Russia to unpredictable action , says John Mearsheimer , co-director of the Program on International Security Policy at the University of Chicago .
`` People who are advocating that we up the ante by sending lethal aid to Ukraine are betting that this will cause Putin to throw up their hands and surrender , '' says Mearsheimer . `` This is not going to happen . ''
U.S. Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove , the top NATO commander , echoed this view on Thursday , saying that arming Ukraine `` could trigger a more strident reaction from Russia . ''
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , for one , is opposed to arming Ukraine . They and French President Francois Hollande have drafted a new peace initiative that they are presenting in Ukraine 's capital , Kyiv , on Thursday , and to Putin in Moscow on Friday .
Intensified fighting
Talk of a more concerted response from the U.S. and other NATO members comes after days of intensified fighting between Ukrainian troops and Russia-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine .
Russian President Vladimir Putin continues to deny that their country has had any involvement in the current conflict in Ukraine , though Russia represents the separatist rebels in international negotiations .
According to the United Nations , more than 200 people have died there in the past three weeks . It is estimated that 5,000 people have died in the conflict to date .
On Wednesday , heavy shelling in the rebel stronghold of Donetsk killed at least five people and damaged a hospital and several schools , according to local officials .
It 's been almost a year since Russia annexed Crimea and Russian-backed separatists started making incursions in eastern Ukraine , and a number of western commentators say it 's time for the U.S. to help Ukraine , which is no match militarily for the Russian army on its own .
Editorials in media outlets such as USA Today and the Washington Post say giving Ukraine lethal weapons is the only solution to this conflict .
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Alexander Lukashevich said Thursday a U.S. decision to arm Ukraine would not only escalate the situation but `` threatens the security of the Russian Federation . ''
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has said they are committed to finding a diplomatic solution , but they have also expressed concern about the increased presence of Russian tanks and artillery in rebel-held areas of Ukraine . Russia continues to deny any involvement in the conflict .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , right , was in Kyiv on Thursday to discuss solutions to the crisis with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , left . ( Efrem Lukatsky/Associated Press )
Stephen Blank says that up until now , all the Russian operations `` have been conducted at a scale small enough so that they can pretend that they 're not there , '' which is why NATO has been reluctant about getting involved .
`` My belief is that if we let this go and not do what is necessary , we will face future challenges from Putin or others inspired by him , '' says Blank . `` This has to be stopped sooner rather than later . ''
Testing Russian resolve
Any direct military aid from the U.S. would likely include armaments , intelligence information and `` counter-battery radar , '' a mobile radar system that detects artillery projectiles , says William Courtney , a senior analyst at the Rand Corporation , a U.S. think tank .
Taras Kuzio , a senior researcher at the Canadian Institute for Ukrainian Studies , believes that if Ukraine , with the help of U.S. armaments , begins to defeat rebels on the ground , Russia would be compelled to send more of its own troops .
Then , Russia would no longer be in a situation of `` essentially lying '' about its presence on the ground , says Kuzio , because it would have to commit 50,000 to 100,000 troops .
They say that in this scenario , the U.S. would hope that a strengthened Ukraine army and significant casualties on the Russian side would break Putin 's resolve .
`` The American viewpoint is a bit like the 1980s , where the only way to get the Russians out of Afghanistan was to make them pay so much in terms of bodybags that eventually they say enough and they pull out , which they did , '' says Kuzio .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel does not condone arming Ukraine , and is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Friday . ( Tibor Illyes/Associated Press )
`` We have to make the price sufficiently high for the Russians that eventually they recalculate their policies . ''
But Mearsheimer does n't believe we will see a similar outcome in the current conflict .
They say Putin has already shown that economic hardships at home – such as depressed oil prices , a plunging ruble , western sanctions and the threat of a recession — are no obstacle to Russian military involvement .
And pressuring Putin on the battlefield will only rile them more , says Mearsheimer .
`` Any time a great power armed with thousands of nuclear weapons is backed into a corner , you are asking for really serious trouble . ''
Manufacturing and wastewater treatment sites are releasing bisphenol A into the air , exposing people to high levels of the chemical , according to a study
Researchers have long known people can be exposed to bisphenol A ( BPA ) , a chemical commonly found in plastic packaging from receipts to the lining of food cans and believed to disrupt human hormones . But a new study has found people also can be exposed to the chemical just by breathing .
Published in May 2015 by researchers at the University of Missouri , the study found high concentrations of BPA in both air and water near industrial sites , indicating that people may be exposed to much larger quantities of the chemical than previously thought .
For the youngest and oldest , air pollution may have serious health consequences Read more
The finding undermines the arguments behind US Food and Drug Administration 's long held stance on BPA . For years , the administration has maintained that BPA primarily enters the body via food or beverages , making it a negligible health risk because orally ingested BPA breaks down and is eliminated from the body fairly quickly . The FDA does n't regulate the chemical , which it says is safe at the levels used in food and consumer products .
“ The stance the FDA 's had for a number of years is probably narrow sighted , ” says Christopher Kassotis , lead researcher on the University of Missouri study . “ A number of studies looking at the BPA on receipt paper have revealed that large amounts of the chemical enter the bloodstream from just holding a receipt , and now our studies and a few others have found that there 's significant aerial exposure as well . ”
Both exposure from touch and from air can have more of a biological effect than oral ingestion , they claim . “ Knowing what we do now , I think the FDA needs to rethink its approach , ” they say . “ We can not say a level of exposure is safe or not until we 've adequately explored all of the exposure routes . ”
In May , Health Canada – the Canadian government 's public health department – published updated research that questions the long held but previously untested assumption that BPA is harmlessly metabolized by the liver . The Canadian researchers found that the liver converts BPA into a compound called BPA-gluconide , which has been linked to obesity in human and animal studies .
While it 's still unclear whether or how airborne BPA affects human health , the University of Missouri study 's findings are concerning . These exposures , which ca n't be avoided , greatly add to the overall levels of the chemical people are being exposed to on a regular basis . The levels of BPA detected around plastic manufacturing sites in particular were far higher than recommended safe levels for human exposure .
“ Even at the sites that were essentially our background baseline sites , we measured 30 nanograms per liter – that 's higher than levels known to cause sexual differentiation issues in snails and some amphibians , ” Kassotis says . “ And at the aerial release sites , there was 10 times that amount . ”
Will the US ever pass a new chemical safety law ? Read more
Kassotis and five other University of Missouri researchers collected samples of surface water from six sites throughout the state , including four sites where wastewater was the source of contamination and two where aerial release of endocrine-disrupting chemicals was the source . The team analyzed the samples for estrogenic and androgenic activity , and looked closely at the levels of two endocrine-disrupting chemicals : BPA and ethinylestradiol , a common chemical component of oral contraceptives that 's often found in municipal wastewater .
The researchers found far less ethinylestradiol than expected , which the authors suggest might be due to the need for more sensitive measuring tools , but far more BPA than expected , particularly in the sites near plastic manufacturing plants .
Those levels will certainly affect wildlife , Kassotis says , but their impact on human health remains unknown . Ultimately , the study of airborne BPA is in its infancy . Only a handful of studies has looked at the health impacts of inhaling endocrine disrupting chemicals in general , and fewer still have looked specifically at BPA . A global air sampling study in 2010 found that the chemical was present in the air all over the world , including in the Antarctic , but said that health implications remained unknown .
The team also found estrogenic activity in their surface water samples that could not be pinned on BPA or ethinylestradiol , particularly in sites impacted by wastewater .
Aside from further study , next steps will be to look at how much BPA is being discharged from factories and calculate the distance the chemical traveled to make it into the surface water sample ; the amount of BPA that then shows up in the water ; and the overall percentage of BPA emissions that ultimately reach nearby water resources .
More research on the impacts of BPA in the air and in surface water is necessary to understand any potential human health impacts , Kassotis says . Chemicals that are inhaled are likely to have a greater bioactive concentration , meaning they are more likely to have a biological effect . People may also be taking in surface water from their skin and mouths .
“ People are potentially swimming in , playing in , fishing in these rivers , ” Kassotis says . “ Maybe they clean their clothes in the water . More than half the drinking water in this country comes from surface water , too , and we know that our treatment processes are not designed to remove the majority of endocrine-disrupting chemicals from water , so there 's certainly potential for them to end up in drinking water . So we 're potentially talking about the full spectrum of exposure here , and right now , the health effects ? That 's anyone 's guess . ”
WASHINGTON , Oct. 14 ( UPI ) -- The U.S. government failed to tell nearly 32,000 people their Social Security numbers were inadvertently published in an electronic database , documents show .
Scripps Howard News Service said it found 31,931 living Americans in a review of three copies of the Social Security Administration 's Death Master File , available for purchase on the Internet . The database contains names , Social Security numbers and birth dates .
The agency says about 14,000 names of living people are accidentally included in the file each year , the news service reported Friday . If the Social Security Administration 's estimate is accurate , the Social Security numbers of more than 400,000 living Americans have been released since 1980 .
While 46 states require the disclosure of such privacy breeches , federal agencies are generally exempt from those laws , Scripps Howard said .
Dozens of people contacted by Scripps Howard for the story said they only found out about the agency 's mistakes when they discovered their identity had been stolen .
In the early hours of Sunday morning , Omar Mateen killed 50 people during an attack on the popular gay nightclub Pulse in Orlando , Fla. During the attack , Mateen placed a 911 call and told the operator that their actions were motivated by their hardcore Islamist beliefs . However , Mateen 's comments about Islam suggested that while their viewpoints were no doubt extreme , they were also confused , perhaps even incoherent .
Speaking to reporters Monday , FBI Director James Comey said that during their 911 calls , Mateen said they were a supporter of the Islamic State , the extremist Sunni group also known as ISIS that controls a significant expanse of territory in Syria and Iraq . Media outlets linked to the Islamic State later claimed Mateen as their own , describing them as `` one of the soldiers of the caliphate in America . ''
Mateen also mentioned the 2013 Boston bombing during their calls . That attack , which left three dead and more than 260 injured , was carried out by the Tsarnaev brothers . While the brothers were not found to be directly linked to a foreign group , they were partly motivated by a magazine published by al-Qaida 's affiliate in Yemen . ( According to the Guardian , Mateen 's admiration for the Tsarnaev brothers went back further . In 2013 , Mateen is believed to have told the FBI that they knew the two bombers , though investigators later concluded that this relationship had been fabricated . )
Orlando gunman had signs of radicalization , FBI says The FBI chief said the gunman pledged loyalty to the Islamic State .
Comey said that during the calls , Mateen also mentioned Moner Mohammad Abusalha , a fellow Floridian who had traveled to Syria to fight with Jabhat al-Nusra , the al-Qaida affiliate in Syria . Mateen had been investigated by the FBI for their contact with Abusalha in 2014 , but the case was quickly closed . Abusalha returned to Syria , where they killed themselves in a suicide attack .
Further confusing matters , Comey also revealed that in `` inflammatory and contradictory '' comments to co-workers in 2013 , Mateen had claimed to be a member of Hezbollah , the Shiite militia based in Lebanon .
To be clear , these groups named by Mateen are not allies . The Islamic State and al-Qaida both derive their theology from an extreme view of Sunni Islamism , but in practical terms the pair split in 2014 , with the more established al-Qaida publicly disavowing the actions of the more extreme Islamic State . Jabhat al-Nusra , al-Qaida 's affiliate in Syria , often fights the Islamic State in the Syrian conflict . Meanwhile , Hezbollah is a Shiite Islamist group . In Syria , it supports the government of Bashar al-Assad , effectively meaning it fights both the Islamic State and al-Qaida .
Orlando gunman inspired by online propaganda , Obama says Obama called the shooting a case of `` homegrown extremism '' on Monday .
Comey suggested Monday that Mateen may have not understood the distinctions among the groups . Relatives have given mixed reports about the level of Mateen 's religiosity , with some suggesting they preferred working out to studying religion . They attended the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce , Fla. , though they are said to have rarely spoken . Their Afghan father has filmed videos that appeared to offer support for the Taliban , a fundamentalist movement that also opposes the Islamic State , though their messages also were sometimes incoherent .
Mateen certainly would n't be the first terrorist to cite Islam as justification for their actions while apparently being somewhat confused about the religion . In one especially notorious case , two British men who were found guilty of terrorism charges in 2014 ordered `` Islam for Dummies , '' `` The Koran for Dummies '' and `` Arabic for Dummies '' from Amazon before they left for Syria .
( c ) 2016 , The Washington Post * Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post .
In the 1970s , when biologists first glimpsed the landscape of human genes , they saw that the small pieces of DNA that coded for proteins ( known as exons ) seemed to float like bits of wood in a sea of genetic gibberish . What on earth were those billions of other letters of DNA there for ? No less a molecular luminary than Francis Crick , co-discoverer of DNA 's double-helical structure , suspected it was “ little better than junk . ”
The phrase “ junk DNA ” has haunted human genetics ever since . In 2000 , when scientists of the Human Genome Project presented the first rough draft of the sequence of bases , or code letters , in human DNA , the initial results appeared to confirm that the vast majority of the sequence—perhaps 97 percent of its 3.2 billion bases—had no apparent function . The “ Book of Life , ” in other words , looked like a heavily padded text .
Now , in a series of papers published in September in Nature ( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group ) and elsewhere , the ENCODE group has produced a stunning inventory of previously hidden switches , signals and sign posts embedded like runes throughout the entire length of human DNA . In the process , the ENCODE project is reinventing the vocabulary with which biologists study , discuss and understand human inheritance and disease .
Ewan Birney , 39 , of the European Bioinformatics Institute in Cambridge , England , led the analysis by the more than 400 ENCODE scientists who annotated the genome . They recently spoke with Scientific American about the major findings . Excerpts follow .
Scientific American : The ENCODE project has revealed a landscape that is absolutely teeming with important genetic elements—a landscape that used to be dismissed as “ junk DNA. ” Were our old views of how the genome is organized too simplistic ?
BIRNEY : People always knew there was more there than protein-coding genes . It was always clear that there was regulation . What we did n't know was just quite how extensive this was .
Just to give you a sense here , about 1.2 percent of the bases are in protein-coding exons . And people speculated that “ maybe there 's the same amount again involved in regulation or maybe a little bit more. ” But even if we take quite a conservative view from our ENCODE data , we end up with something like 8 to 9 percent of the bases of the genome involved in doing something like regulation .
Thus , much more of the genome is devoted to regulating genes than to the protein-coding genes themselves ?
And that 9 percent ca n't be the whole story . The most aggressive view of the amount we 've sampled is 50 percent . So certainly it 's going to go above 9 percent , and one could easily argue for something like 20 percent . That 's not an unfeasible number .
Should we be retiring the phrase “ junk DNA ” now ?
Yes , I really think this phrase does need to be totally expunged from the lexicon . It was a slightly throwaway phrase to describe very interesting phenomena that were discovered in the 1970s . I am now convinced that it 's just not a very useful way of describing what 's going on .
What is one surprise you have had from the “ junk ” ?
There has been a lot of debate , inside of ENCODE and outside of the project , about whether or not the results from our experiments describe something that is really going on in nature . And then there was a rather more philosophical question , which is whether it matters . In other words , these things may biochemically occur , but evolution , as it were , or our body does n't actually care .
That debate has been running since 2003 . And then work by ourselves , but also work outside of the consortium , has made it much clearer that the evolutionary rules for regulatory elements are different from those for protein-coding elements . Basically the regulatory elements turn over a lot faster . So whereas if you find a particular protein-coding gene in a human , you 're going to find nearly the same gene in a mouse most of the time , and that rule just does n't work for regulatory elements .
In other words , there is more complex regulation of genes , and more rapid evolution of these regulatory elements , in humans ?
Absolutely .
That 's a rather different way of thinking about genes—and evolution .
I get this strong feeling that previously I was ignorant of my own ignorance , and now I understand my ignorance . It 's slightly depressing as you realize how ignorant you are . But this is progress . The first step in understanding these things is having a list of things that one has to understand , and that 's what we 've got here .
Earlier studies suggested that only , say , 3 to 15 percent of the genome had functional significance—that is , actually did something , whether coding for proteins , regulating how the genes worked or doing something else . Am I right that the ENCODE data imply , instead , that as much as 80 percent of the genome may be functional ?
One can use the ENCODE data and come up with a number between 9 and 80 percent , which is obviously a very big range . What 's going on there ? Just to step back , the DNA inside of our cells is wrapped around various proteins , most of them histones , which generally work to keep everything kind of safe and happy . But there are other types of proteins called transcription factors , and they have specific interactions with DNA . A transcription factor will bind only at 1,000 places , or maybe the biggest bind is at 50,000 specific places across the genome . And so , when we talk about this 9 percent , we 're really talking about these very specific transcription-factor-to-DNA contacts .
On the other hand , the copying of DNA into RNA seems to happen all the time—about 80 percent of the genome is actually transcribed . And there is still a raging debate about whether this large amount of transcription is a background process that 's not terribly important or whether the RNA that is being made actually does something that we do n't yet know about .
Personally , I think everything that is being transcribed is worth further exploration , and that 's one of the tasks that we will have to tackle in the future .
There is a widespread perception that the attempts to identify common genetic variants related to human disease through so-called genome-wide association studies , or GWAS , have not revealed that much . Indeed , the ENCODE results now show that about 75 percent of the DNA regions that the GWAS have previously linked to disease lie no­­where near protein-coding genes . In terms of disease , have we been wrong to focus on mutations in protein-coding DNA ?
Genome-wide association studies are very interesting , but they are not some magic bullet for medicine . The GWAS situation had everyone sort of scratching their heads . But when we put these genetic associations alongside the ENCODE data , we saw that although the loci are not close to a protein-coding gene , they really are close to one of these new elements that we 're discovering . That 's been a lovely thing . In fact , when I first saw it , it was a slightly too-good-to-be-true moment . And we spent a long time double-checking everything .
How does that discovery help us understand disease ?
It 's like opening a door . Think about all the different ways you can study a particular disease , such as Crohn 's : Should we look at immune system cells in the gut ? Or should we look at the neurons that fire to the gut ? Or should we be looking at the stomach and how it does something else ?
All those are options . Now suddenly ENCODE is letting you examine those options and say , “ Well , I really think you should start by looking at this part of the immune system—the helper T cells— first. ” And we can do that for a very , very big set of diseases . That 's really exciting .
Now that we are retiring the phrase “ junk DNA , ” is there another , better metaphor that might explain the emerging view of the genetic landscape ?
What it feels like is genuinely a jungle—a completely dense jungle of stuff that you have to work your way through . You 're trying to hack your way to a certain position . And you 're really not sure where you are , you know ? It 's quite easy to feel lost in there .
Over the past 20 years the public has been repeatedly told that these big genomic projects—starting with the Human Genome Project and going on through various other projects—were going to explain everything we needed to know about the “ book of life. ” Is ENCODE simply the latest in this sequence ?
I think that each time we always said , “ These are foundations . You build on them. ” Nobody said , “ Look , the human genome bases , that 's it . It 's all done and dusted—we 've just got a bit of code breaking to do here. ” Everybody said , “ We 're going to be studying this for 50 years , 100 years . But this is the foundation that we start on. ” I do get the feeling that the ENCODE project is the next layer in that foundational resource for other people to stand on top of and look further . The biggest change here is in our list of known unknowns . And I think people should understand that although finding out how much you do n't know can feel regressive and frustrating , identifying the gaps is really good .
Ten years ago we did n't know what we did n't know . There is no doubt that ENCODE poses many , many , many more questions than it directly answers . At the same time , for Crohn 's disease , say , and lots of other things , there are some effectively quick wins and low-hanging fruit—at least for researchers—where you start to say to people , “ Oh my gosh , have you looked there ? ”
It 's just one more step . It 's an important step , but nowhere near the end , I 'm afraid .
You sometimes refer to yourself as ENCODE 's “ cat herder in chief. ” How many people were involved in the consortium , and what was it like coordinating such a massive effort ?
This is very much a different way of doing science . I am only one of 400 investigators , and I am the person who is charged to make sure that the analysis was delivered and that it all worked out . But I had to draw on the talents of many , many people .
So I 'm more like the cat herder , the conductor , necessarily , than someone whose brain can absorb all of this . It comes back to that sense that it 's a bit of a jungle out there .
Well , you deserve a lot of credit . It 's more than just cats . They 're pretty opinionated cats .
Yeah , they are . What scientists are not are dogs . Dogs naturally run in packs . Cats ? No . And I think that sums up the normal scientific phenotype . And so you have to cajole these people sometimes into sort of taking the same direction .
Do you see a point where all this complex information will resolve into a simpler message about human inher­itance and human disease ? Or do we have to accept the fact that complexity is , as it were , in our DNA ?
We are complex creatures . We should expect that it 's complex out there . But I think we should be happy about that and maybe even proud about it .
When people discuss loyalty programs , there are a couple of questions that always come up :
This last question is definitely the one we hear most often at Smile.io . As a loyalty specialist I can enthusiastically assure you that loyalty is very effective , but I understand that my bias might make my answer a bit unsatisfying . The fact that we deal primarily with ecommerce retailers may also give you pause , leaving you to wonder if retail loyalty is also effective .
Thankfully , I come prepared . Not only am I going to prove that retail loyalty is effective , but I 'm also going to show you how it 's done . By the time you 're done reading this , I guarantee you 'll know more about retail loyalty programs than you ever thought possible , whether you want to or not .
The Impact of Retail Loyalty
The best way to prove that loyalty works is by looking at the numbers . We took this approach a couple of years ago , too , because unlike words numbers do n't lie , making them the perfect tool for proving our point .
Every year , the National Retail Federation releases a list of the top 100 retailers in the United States . This list gives you a great snapshot of the North American market , showing you revenue , growth , and worldwide sales data . After combing through the stats , I came to the following conclusion :
Retail Loyalty is Effective .
You might be wondering how I got there , and the answer 's surprisingly simple : 100 % of the top 10 brands are currently operating with a loyalty system . Whether it 's a punch card , membership card , or credit card , each of these retailers uses customer loyalty as an integral part of their marketing strategies .
This trend continues throughout the rest of the top 100 , as 70 % of the brands listed are actively using customer loyalty . For their efforts , these brands experiences a whopping $ 1.99 trillion in combined revenue . That 's over 600 % higher than the combined revenue for brands without a loyalty program !
If those numbers are n't enough , consider these : even though repeat customers are only 8 % of a brand 's customer base , they bring in 40 % of the annual revenue . That means that repeat and loyal customers were responsible for bringing in almost $ 800 billion this past year .
When you combine these results with what we know about the powers of customer loyalty , it 's no surprise that brands with customer loyalty are growing and earning more than their loyalty-deficient counterparts . Clearly , retail loyalty is effective . But this confirmation raises another question : what actually makes these programs successful ? To answer that , we need to go a little deeper .
What Makes Retail Loyalty Effective ?
While the numbers we just looked at are impressive , they do n't really explain what these brands are doing to confirm that retail loyalty is effective . How do you build a successful retail loyalty program that really makes an impact ?
1 . Understanding Customer Expectations
When customers choose a brand , they have certain expectations for what their shopping experience will be like . Typically cost and convenience are at the top of the list , and customers will choose one brand over another if their expectations are n't met .
This is especially true for retailers like Walmart . With such a diverse product catalogue , Walmart understands that customers could easily find what they 're looking for with another brand . Even with the convenience of over 5,000 stores , if someone offers the same products for less , customers would be willing to travel further .
That 's why Walmart 's brand is built on affordability . With their cash back credit card loyalty program , Walmart is dedicated to delivering lower prices on everyday items that they know their customers need to purchase again and again . From gas to groceries Walmart 's rewards program gives shoppers the chance to save money while making regular purchases , demonstrating an understanding of what their customers need and value .
Meeting and exceeding customer expectations is at the root of any successful retail loyalty program . With the desire to turn an ordinary shopping experience into an extraordinary one , brands like Walmart are turning their customers ' motivations into loyalty building blocks . With these blocks in place , successful retailers are delivering effective rewards solutions that meet their customer 's needs with every transaction .
2 . Integrated Loyalty Experiences
In the U.S. alone , there are around 3.3 billion loyalty program memberships . At an average of 29 per household , it 's evident that customers still find participating in programs valuable . The problem is the number of cards they have to carry .
With the introduction of mobile payment apps and wallets , the concept of physical membership cards has been declining . This is largely due to the fact that shoppers are spending more and more time on digital devices . The average person currently spends almost 3 hours a day on their phone , and as technology continues to evolve it 's almost guaranteed that these numbers will continue to climb . On top of that , 57 % of customers have indicated that they want to engage with loyalty programs on mobile devices , making the appeal of physical membership cards virtually inexistent .
Retail brands are taking these upward mobile trends seriously by developing sleek mobile loyalty experiences . From restaurants to department stores , many of the Top 100 brands are beginning to expand their customer experiences into the digital realm .
Starbucks is undoubtedly the best example of this practice . With an integrated mobile payment system and the option to order ahead , customers are treated to a loyalty experience that is both easy and convenient . By eliminating the need to carry a card , Starbucks has turned their loyalty experience into a customer lifestyle tool that seamlessly integrates into their customer experience instead of merely being added on top .
These types of experiences are one of the biggest reasons retail loyalty is effective . Instead of sacrificing function or enjoyment , customers are treated to effective loyalty programs that meet them where they 're at instead of demanding they adapt . As mobile commerce continues to grow , having an integrated experience will keep retail loyalty programs relevant , current , and competitive .
3 . Build Partnerships
Increased demand for mobile apps has made it clear that loyalty programs are more appealing when they 're expanded beyond the confines of the store . By extending value , brands are able to use their program to make the convenience , location , and price of their brand go even further to attract and retain new business .
A huge part of this extension is building loyalty partnerships . In 2015 , Plenti was launched in the United States . As the first U.S.-based loyalty coalition , Plenti allowed huge retailers like Macy 's , AT & T , and Rite Aid ( all of which are members of the Top 100 ) to offer valuable rewards no matter where they shop . With oodles of ways to redeem points , these partner relationships allow brands to deliver customers lucrative loyalty experiences for every type of customer .
The same goes for rewards credit cards . Allowing customers to earn rewards virtually everywhere they shop gives retailers the chance to combine their retention efforts with non-competitors . These relationships automatically expand the convenience of any brand , making it lucrative for shoppers to use the loyalty program as often as possible . For these reasons , it 's no surprise that 25 % of the Top 100 currently offer this type of program !
Through relationships with credit card companies and loyalty coalitions , retailers are providing personalized rewards experiences for their customers . With endless earning and redeeming possibilities , the power to control their own rewards program is put into the shopper 's hands . This expansive personalization is undoubtedly one of the most outstanding reasons that retail loyalty is effective .
4 . Simplicity
Retailers understand that when it comes to customer loyalty , simple is always better . Customers do n't want to waste time signing up for yet another loyalty program . Retail loyalty is effective because it requires very little information to get enrolled and begin earning . Generally , brands require nothing more than an email address or a phone number to get a customer set up , and this enrolment process can be done in store or online .
Staff are hugely significant to this process . Unlike online rewards programs , retail loyalty has the benefit of staff on hand to demonstrate the convenience and value to each and every customer they interact with . This is hugely important for two reasons . First , it humanizes the brand , making it more accessible and relatable . Secondly , instead of relying on customers to come to the right decision , retailers use their staff to show them the benefits , making it an easy decision to sign up .
Staff also make it impossible to forget to engage or participate . Whether brands use punch cards or membership cards , the customer is prompted to interact with the program , raising engagement levels and increasing the value for the brand and consumer . This engagement cements the program into each customer 's daily shopping routines , making it an integral part of each transaction they ca n't wait to use again and again .
5 . Easy-to-Track Goals
Although you might think punch cards a bit outdated , they 're still one of the most effective forms of loyalty marketing . This is because they 're an easy way for customers to see and understand the value of participating in a rewards program . Food and beverage chains like 7-Eleven have been operating this way for years , encouraging customers to come back with the promise of a free drink or snack as a token of appreciation .
While these rewards might seem small , this clip from Seinfeld clearly shows how they can make all the difference to customers . With a visual reminder of how close they are to the next reward , customers are motivated to visit more often in order to close the gap . The physical act of putting stickers on the card ( or punching holes , as the case may be ) is also an extremely satisfying experience , making the loyalty program a physical component of the customer 's shopping experience .
Finally , these types of trackable goals are another way to let the customer know that the brand in question acknowledges and appreciates their business . By punching customers ' cards , retailers are publicly recognizing the purchases they 've made with the promise of delivering something extra . This special acknowledgement goes a long way towards building emotional bonds between customers and retailers , instilling strong loyalty that is difficult to break .
Each of these simple elements are highly effective at delivering outstanding customer experiences . No matter how small the reward , these punch card and similar points per purchase programs highlight why retail loyalty is effective : it 's tangible , it 's measurable , and it 's valuable .
Fact : Retail Loyalty is Effective
After all looking at all of the data , I 'm hoping you can now clearly see that retail loyalty is effective . By acknowledging customers ' needs for convenient , affordable solutions , offline retailers are building loyalty experiences that are easy to access and highly valuable . Mobile integrations , partnership programs , and trackable rewards enrich customers ' day to day activities and turn the mundane into something exciting .
So although loyalty may be changing , do n't count retail out ! At the end of the day , offline brands still know how to improve the shopping experience and keep customers coming back for more . If $ 1.9 trillion in revenue is n't enough proof , I do n't know what is .
Last week , the board of Metra , Chicago 's commuter rail service , voted to raise fares and cut service . Fare hikes are nothing new to Metra riders , but coupling them with service cuts is an eye-opener .
Metra calls their situation “ unsustainable , ” which is probably an understatement . “ Death spiral ” comes to mind . The death spiral is classic public transit trap . Faced with a budget shortfall , operators reduce costs by cutting service and increase revenue by raising fares . This has the effect of driving riders away , which only makes the problem worse , and the cycle repeats . This is where privately-run transit and passenger rail services found themselves after the post-war automobile boom , leading to eventual public take-overs .
Is “ death spiral ” a bit hyperbolic for Metra today ? Maybe not . Joe Cahill had similar thoughts in their Crain 's column .
The other troubling thing is Metra 's five-year strategic plan , also adopted at last week 's board meeting . The plan is essentially , “ keep doing what we 're doing now , but a little bit better. ” There is no bold vision for growth , only a fight for survival .
Metra 's only option for survival is aggressive growth .
Metra needs more financial support from the state , but any requests for more funding will fall on deaf ears unless Metra can offer something in exchange : more service . Better service . Metra , like any service provider , needs to be selling a product that people want , not just one they feel is their only option .
Other commuter rail systems around the world have re-invented themselves for the 21st century . They 've shifted from only serving the traditional rush-hour commute to providing frequent , all-day service in both directions .
Paris is considered a pioneer in this concept , called Regional Express Rail , but it 's hardly a European-only idea . New York 's Metro-North now runs off-peak trains at least every 30 minutes on its New Haven Line , and is studying how to further increase frequency . Toronto 's GO Transit is in the midst of a system-wide upgrade that will quadruple the amount of service it offers . Trains will come every 15 minutes on the busiest lines , using new , lightweight , electric multiple-unit trains .
That 's another carrot Metra should dangle in front of riders : modern , comfortable trains to replace the 1950's-era gallery car design . New trains would accelerate faster , use less energy , be safer , and offer conveniences like bike racks and work tables . As pictured here , they have two doors per car , with fewer stairs to climb , making getting on and off faster and easier .
Keeping trains running frequently all day would make better use of the fixed costs that Metra faces . More convenient service will attract more riders , bringing more fare revenue . It 's an equation that works for other commuter rail systems around the world , and it will work for Metra .
Metra is facing a big problem , and its only solution is to make an even bigger plan to invest in its future .
Richard Harnish
Executive Director
Join our Young Professionals Board
We are launching a Young Professionals Board to get the next generation of leaders advocating for fast , frequent and reliable trains across the Midwest . This is a fantastic opportunity for young professionals to learn what it takes to affect change to major transportation infrastructure projects and to increase the awareness of Midwest High Speed Rail Association 's important work . A full description of this position is available here .
Individuals can submit their names for consideration by completing a brief online application . For any questions , please email Jordan Hmaidan .
Articles we enjoyed
Is this the beginning of the end for Metra ? ( Crain 's Chicago Business )
Metra board OKs fare hikes , service cuts for next year — and warns there could be more ( Chicago Tribune )
NARP petitions Supreme Court to review case regarding on-time performance standards
“ Roads are not enough ” : Commission exploring Front Range passenger train service preps lawmakers on their pitch
Amtrak touts new locomotives for local passengers
California High-Speed Rail Authority Awards Early Train Operator Contract to DB Engineering & Consulting USA
The second-ranking House Republican on Tuesday did not criticize or support Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's critical comments about the administration , but suggested that questions need to be raised about its Afghan war strategy .
Rep. Eric Cantor ( R-Va. ) said in a statement that McChrystal and their aides would not have criticized administration officials without having a reason to do so .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` Obviously a general and their top brass do n't make statements like these without being frustrated , so I hope that the president 's meeting with General McChrystal will include a frank discussion about what is happening on the ground , and whether the resources and the plan are there to defeat terrorists and accomplish our mission in Afghanistan , '' they said .
Most members of Congress have criticized McChrystal 's comments in a Rolling Stone article released Tuesday in which they and their aides had harsh words for President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and other top officials who deal with Afghanistan .
Rep. David Obey ( D-Wis. ) , the chairperson of the powerful House Appropriations Committee , has called for McChrystal 's ouster , saying that they wrongly spoke out in public against civilian officials who are supposed to have control over the military .
While Cantor said that the article `` raises a lot of concerns , '' they largely refrained from criticizing the general 's comments directly .
The Virginia Republican also took aim at congressional Democrats for their handling of a war funding measure .
`` Democrats in Congress are standing in the way of a clean bill to fund our troops and provide the resources needed because they want to lard it up with domestic spending , '' they said . `` We need to get our troops these funds , and should do so without any pork or unrelated domestic spending items thrown in . ”
A new law passed this week made North Dakota the first state in the US to allow state and local police drones to carry weapons .
House Bill 1328 explicitly forbids lethal weapons aboard police drones , but allows stun guns , beanbag rounds , tear gas , and other “ less-than-lethal ” weapons to be fitted onto unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) .
The bill 's sponsor originally included language banning police drones from carrying any kind of weapon , but that language was removed at the behest of a representative from the North Dakota Peace Officer 's Association , the state 's law enforcement lobby , before it passed .
The bill 's original sponsor , Rep. Rick Becker ( R-Bismarck ) , said at a hearing in March that they were worried about police using drones to fire remotely on suspected criminals .
“ When you 're not on the ground , and you 're making decisions , you 're sort of separate , ” they said at the time . Supporters of the current measure say that police drones are generally only used to photograph crime scenes , assist in missing-person searches , and perform other non-criminal duties , and that the less-than-lethal weapons carried by the drones would only be employed in extraordinary circumstances .
North Dakota is a major center for drone research and development . The state hosts the only drone testing site approved by the Federal Aviation Administration to conduct flights during the day and at night , and the North Dakota Air National Guard unit controls several MQ-1 Predator drones , according to Ars Technica . The University of North Dakota also offers a degree in “ Unmanned Aircraft Systems. ” The director of that program testified against the original language in the bill that would have prohibited weapons on drones , according to Engadget .
The legislation does require police and sheriff 's deputies to obtain a search warrant from a judge before they can use UAVs for surveillance . Police must also retain records on where drones fly , for how long , and for what purpose .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Rep. Becker told Ars Technica that although the law gives North Dakota law enforcement agencies the power to outfit their drones with less-than-lethal weapons , they did n't know of any that were planning to do so . They also said that they plan to introduce a new bill in 2017 specifically banning police drones from carrying any kind of weapons , including Tasers and other non-lethal weapons .
Police across the country have used unarmed UAVs in the past year to help monitor protests and perform surveillance duties . Police departments flew drones last summer over riots that followed the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri .
Terminal Lance # 475 “ Bootcamp : Backed Up ”
Interesting things happen to the human body when they go to Marine Corps bootcamp .
Your head will be shaven , you 'll be sick as hell for the entirety of your stay , and women even lose their periods for the span of three months upon arrival .
One of the things that usually goes unmentioned though , is that you will likely not shit for at least a week upon arrival to MCRD .
I did n't poop for like four days when I went to Boot Camp . — Maximilian Uriarte ( @ TLCplMax ) May 26 , 2017
It seems I 'm not the only person to experience this . For whatever reason , boot camp scares the shit out of you for at least a week or two .
Mostly , I think I was just terrified to try and get up and use the bathroom without getting yelled at by a sweaty dude in a campaign cover . I remember specifically not shitting until the nights settled down , as the first few nights of arriving to your platoon are filled with screaming Drill Instructors and sad ass fire watch recruits getting hazed hours into the morning . Once things finally quieted down , I snuck off into the bathroom , finally able to unload my bowels into the poor , doorless toilet bowl .
On an extremely unrelated note , remember that girl from The White Donkey ? Well them and I are getting married . Taken by the amazing Gabor Szantai in London .
Such is the zeal in portions of the tea party right that it is not enough to sweep out living members of the establishment such as John McCain . A brisk , ideological scrubbing must be applied to history as well .
So Glenn Beck , speaking recently at the Conservative Political Action Conference , identified a great enemy of human freedom as . . . Teddy Roosevelt . Beck highlighted this damning Roosevelt quote : `` We grudge no man a fortune in civil life if it is honorably obtained and well used . ''
Ah , you do n't discern the scandal in this statement ? Look closer . `` This is not our Founders ' idea of America , '' explained Beck . `` And this is the cancer that 's eating at America . It is big government -- it 's a socialist utopia . '' Evidently , real conservatives defend wealth that is dishonorably gained and then wasted .
The problem with America , apparently , is not just the Great Society or even the New Deal ; it is the Square Deal . Or maybe Beck is just being too timid . Real , hairy-chested libertarians pin the blame on Abraham Lincoln , who centralized federal power at the expense of the states to pursue an unnecessary war -- a view that Ron Paul , the winner of the CPAC presidential straw poll , has endorsed .
Lincoln does n't need defenders against accusations of tyranny -- the mere charge is enough to diagnose some sad ideological disorder . But the Rough Rider also does not deserve such roughing up .
TR picked a number of fights with conservative Republicans , fight-picking being their favorite sport . But Roosevelt hated socialism . `` It would spell sheer destruction , '' they said . `` It would produce grosser wrong and outrage , fouler immorality , than any existing system . '' Modern corporate capitalism , they believed , was inevitable , even admirable . But they also believed that overly centralized and unaccountable power in a capitalist system creates destructive clashes of labor and capital , rich and poor . So they busted monopolistic trusts , imposed health standards on filthy meatpacking plants and promoted a more professional , merit-based civil service .
Roosevelt 's progressivism could sound a bit like socialism . When courts struck down laws allowing strikes and limiting maximum work hours , Roosevelt warned , `` If the spirit which lies behind these . . . decisions obtained in all the actions of the . . . courts , we should not only have a revolution , but it would be absolutely necessary to have a revolution because the condition of the worker would become intolerable . ''
But it was Roosevelt 's political purpose to avoid a revolution . They sought to preserve the market system by regulating its health , safety and fairness . This is not laissez faire , but it is an authentic conservative tradition -- the use of incremental reform to diffuse radicalism . And few today would wish to return to 19th-century labor , health and antitrust standards .
All those few , however , seemed to be in attendance at CPAC , determined to sharpen an ideological debate . In the name of constitutional purity , they propose a great undoing . Not just the undoing of Obamaism . Undo Medicare and Social Security . Undo the expansive American global commitments that proceeded from World War II and the Cold War . Undo progressive-era economic regulations . Undo the executive power grab that preserved the union . Undo it all -- until America is left with a government appropriate to an isolated , 18th-century farming republic .
This is a proposal for time travel , not a policy agenda . The federal government could not shed these accumulated responsibilities without massive suffering and global instability -- a decidedly radical , unconservative approach to governing .
The alternative remains a reform conservatism , of which Teddy Roosevelt is a distinguished ancestor . Since the repeal of modernity is not an option , make modern institutions work . Update Medicare and Social Security to encourage market choices and ownership . Bust the public education trust with charters and competition . Diffuse radicalism with reform .
The debate between conservative doers and undoers is ideologically interesting , but in the political realm there is little debate . A candidate running recently in Virginia , New Jersey or Massachusetts on a Beck/Paul platform would have duplicated Ron Paul 's results during their 1988 presidential run . ( Paul gained less than one-half of 1 percent of the vote . ) All the Republican winners in these states promised the reform of government , not its abolition .
But I fear that the undoers may resemble Teddy Roosevelt in one disturbing aspect . This I have against the Rough Rider : In the 1912 election , they betrayed their friend William H. Taft and their party by running as a third-party candidate . In their hubris , TR believed that neither party met their own exacting standards of purity . The attitude is familiar today .
mgerson @ globalengage.org
WASHINGTON ( Sinclair Broadcast Group ) - A 56-year-old Iowa woman pleaded guilty to election misconduct last week after having been charged with voting for President Donald Trump twice in last fall 's White House race .
According to The Des Moines Register , a police report indicated Terri Lynn Rote , of Des Moines , voted early for Trump at the Polk County Election Office , then later cast a second ballot at a satellite polling place . County auditor Jamie Fitzgerald told the Register it was the first time in 12 years they could remember having to report potential voter fraud ; two others along with Rote were accused of casting multiple votes .
Rote , a registered Republican , was jailed Oct. 27 , 2016 , according to the Register .
The Iowa voter pleaded guilty on June 27 to the Class D felony charge of election misconduct and will be sentenced Aug. 15 , The Associated Press reported Friday .
According to the AP , Rote told police they believed Trump 's unsupported election rigging claims - that their first vote would be counted for Democrat Hillary Clinton .
Rote told Iowa Public Radio in October , `` I was n't planning on doing it twice , it was a spur of the moment . The polls are rigged . ''
Liverpool wants to bring in both these strikers ( Picture : Getty )
Liverpool could soon unleash a new forward pairing of Karim Benzema and Alexandre Lacazette if Brendan Rodgers has their way .
The Reds are looking for more firepower up front this month , following Daniel Sturridge 's injury and Mario Balotelli failing to hit their stride , and now talks are underway with two targets ..
It was reported earlier in the week that Rodgers was finalising a £38million bid to bring in Real Madrid 's Karim Benzema , and joining the Frenchman on Merseyside could well be fellow countryman Lacazette .
The Lyon striker is one of Europe 's leading marksmen this term , hitting 23 goals in as many appearances for the Ligue 1 outfit – and their exploits have not gone unnoticed .
According to the Daily Express secret talks with Liverpool are underway over a £25million transfer , although Arsenal are also in the race .
If both can be brought in , as part of a £63million double deal , Rodgers is likely to let go one of Rickie Lambert , Fabio Borini or even Balotelli .
MORE : Liverpool must make £4m offer to secure January deal for Aston Villa 's Fabian Delph
Share . Warners should focus on its two biggest guns in World 's Finest first . Warners should focus on its two biggest guns in World 's Finest first .
The Internet is constantly abuzz with superhero movie rumors these days , but one of the biggest at the moment is Latino Review is reporting that Christian Bale will reprise their role as Batman in the Justice League of America movie , despite their Bruce Wayne effectively hanging up the cape and cowl at the end of The Dark Knight Rises . The site also claims that Christopher Nolan will oversee development of JLA in a sort of godfather role .
Exit Theatre Mode
It remains to be seen if these rumors will pan out . However , the rumor has us wondering all the more if it 's really such a good idea for Warner Bros. to be jumping from this summer 's Superan reboot , Man of Steel , straight into a JLA ensemble movie . We 're of the opinion that it might be better to to build slowly towards JLA and first offer fans a movie that almost came to pass a decade ago - a Superman/Batman movie . As DC 's two biggest heroes , they 've enjoyed a long history together in the company 's various World 's Finest comics and similar projects . In this feature , we explore why it might be better to go the World 's Finest route first and save JLA for later on the calendar .
Starting Small
Marvel Studios has taken a very simple but effective approach with their superhero films . They started out with solo projects that spotlighted their four biggest heroes - Iron Man , Hulk , Thor , and Captain America . Along the way , the studio used these movies to introduce less well-known characters such as Nick Fury , Black Widow , and Hawkeye . After several years of build-up , they finally combined all of these characters into one ensemble movie . Now the process is starting over as the Phase 2 movies begin delving further into Marvel 's catalog of characters and building towards the even bigger Avengers 2 .
WB seems to want to take the opposite approach . They 've been planning a Justice League movie for years , which would introduce moviegoers to characters like Wonder Woman and The Flash and leave the characters poised to spin out into their own solo franchises afterward . This is n't necessarily any less valid an approach than Marvel 's . The problem is that now Marvel 's method is a proven one , while WB 's is n't . WB should n't be attempting the opposite approach solely because they want to be different than Marvel . That 's like Chevy designing cars with three wheels because they do n't want them to look like Ford cars .
A World 's Finest movie would offer a compromise . It would allow WB to ease into their ensemble team-up without having to devote several years to solo movies . A World 's Finest movie also leaves more room for growth . The problem with kicking things off with a JLA movie is that WB has thrown all of their big guns out at once . It may make for big , grand spectacle , but it sets the bar high right off the bat and makes it difficult for future movies to keep the momentum going . Everyone loves the first Iron Man movie , but what if it had debuted after Avengers instead of before it ? World 's Finest keeps the scale just a little more intimate so that there 's room to expand in the full team-up movie .
Not to mention the fact that a Superman/Batman team-up is about as safe a bet as a studio can find these days . Audiences know and love both characters . If Batman alone can rake in a billion dollars at the box office , we see no reason why a well-executed World 's Finest movie could n't do better still . And there 's very little risk as far as damaging the brands . If movies like Superman IV : The Quest for Peace and Batman & Robin proved anything , it 's that these characters will endure no matter how bad their movies are . The Green Lantern movie may have harmed Hal Jordan 's future Hollywood prospects , but Superman and Batman will always have a place on the big screen .
Setting the Tone of the Universe
If Latino Review is correct , Christian Bale 's Batman will be returning for the JLA movie . If true , that means that there are currently two franchises building towards JLA , and they seem to feature wildly different tones and stylistic approaches . Nolan 's Batman trilogy was dark , brooding , and a relatively realistic take on superhero storytelling . Nolan 's Gotham City was grounded in the real world and did n't necessarily allow for more outlandish characters like a teenage sidekick , giant alligator men , or kooky chicks who talk to plants .
While Zack Snyder 's Man of Steel looks to take a few cues from the Dark Knight movies in terms of emotional content , it 's still a story about an alien who can fly and throw tanks around and disguise their identity by putting on a pair of glasses . There 's nothing terribly realistic about Superman .
The challenge moving forward is figuring out how to marry these stylistic approaches and create a tonally consistent DC Universe on the big screen . How does a guy like Bale 's Bruce Wayne hold their own against men and women with amazing superhuman abilities ? Is the action going to be realistic like in the Dark Knight movies , or should we expect the sort of exaggerated , stylized brawls that define superhero movies like Watchmen ? Does Batman 's costume change now ? Is Gotham City like the one we saw in the Dark Knight movies , or is it more akin to Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher 's Gotham ? How does the world at large respond to the emergence of superheroes ?
The fact is that after this summer we 'll have two movie franchises offering two wildly different takes on the DC Universe . WB needs to establish a more cohesive world for these heroes to occupy , and it 's easier to do that with Batman and Superman alone than drawing in Wonder Woman , Green Lantern , and everything else . Again , a World 's Finest movie offers a chance to take the process more slowly and not rush headlong into something as big and potentially unwieldy as JLA .
Re-Introducing Batman
One of the more pressing questions surrounding WB 's shared DC universe is what they 're going to do about Batman . Most assumed the JLA movie would feature a new actor portraying a new version of the Caped Crusader , even though The Dark Knight Rises introduced Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's John Blake as the successor to Christian Bale 's Bruce Wayne . It did n't seem likely that any version of Batman from Nolan 's world was really poised to stand alongside the Justice League . But now the rumor is that Bale 's Bruce Wayne will be back . Whatever actually comes to pass , WB really needs to focus on establishing the version of Batman that will be appearing in future movies .
Even if Bale is back , there 's the question of whether he 'll be playing the exact same version of Bruce they did before . After all , The Dark Knight Rises ended with an older , battered Bruce faking their death and going into hiding with Selina Kyle . Whatever resources and gadgets they had left were entrusted to Blake . What good is a Batman like that to the Justice League ? Acknowledging all of those problems , how do you then explain how Bruce transitions back into the role of Batman ? We suspect a good portion of moviegoers just wo n't care . They just want to watch Batman make criminals soil themselves . But at the very least , a vocal minority will demand an explanation for why Bale 's Bruce is back in the cape and cowl .
We see there being two ideal options if the Bale rumor is true . One is that The Dark Knight Rises is treated as an alternate universe story . World 's Finest can pick up where The Dark Knight left off . Batman is working underground after taking the fall for Harvey Dent , but he 's still young , reasonably healthy , and filthy rich . By joining forces with Superman ( and later the Justice League ) , Batman has the opportunity to redeem themselves in the public eye . Meanwhile , the appearance of flying aliens can mark a transition point where the realism of the past falls away and Batman starts contending with foes like Clayface and Poison Ivy . And with the long gap between The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises , it 's not out of the realm of possibility to claim that these superhero team-ups happened in between the two movies anyway . ( Again , it 's an alternate universe where Bruce 's Batman has n't been in hiding since the night Harvey Dent died . )
The other option is more simple . WB can be very plain about the fact that Bale is playing Batman again , but not the same Batman as before . In all likelihood , WB wants Bale back because he 's a proven quantity and because there are n't that many Hollywood actors with the right combination of traits to portray Batman . Nothing more complicated than that . Hardcore fans might complain about continuity and so forth , but how important is that at the end of the day ? Would you rather have Bale play a new version of Batman or see WB hire some random MMA fighter to do the job ?
In the end , whether Bale actually is coming back or WB does find a new actor for the job , they need to take some time to establish Batman in this shared superhero universe . That does n't necessarily mean diving right into another Batman solo franchise . But kicking off a new Batman in a JLA movie seems unwise . As Avengers proved , even with a relatively small team of half a dozen , there 's only so much space to accommodate each hero and their particular foibles . A World 's Finest movie seems like the ideal vehicle to reintroduce Batman and begin the process of integrating their franchise with the rest of the DCU .
Expanding the Rogues Galleries
For all the positive hype it 's been gathering , Man of Steel is n't exactly breaking new ground in terms of villains . The movie will pit Superman against General Zod and their Kryptonian minions , a clash which we already saw in Superman II decades ago . And that 's it , as far as anyone knows . Even Lex Luthor is sitting this one out . Their absence will be felt as strongly as J. Jonah Jameson 's was in The Amazing Spider-Man last year .
Meanwhile , Batman is facing one of two problems . If Bale is reprising their role and playing the same version of Bats from the Nolan movies , then their rogues gallery options are already limited . Two-Face , Bane , and the Al Ghul family are dead . Joker might as well be dead , because with Nolan `` godfathering '' the DC movies we do n't anticipate them being very keen on having anther actor replace the late Heath Ledger . This in itself is one of the strongest arguments for rebooting Batman 's world . If Bale or another actor is playing a different version of Batman , then there 's the problem that Batman 's rogues wo n't be any more established than they are .
Both characters have a lot of building ahead of them . We 'd like to see a World 's Finest movie shoulder some of that burden and introduce more supporting players . What better threat for a Batman/Superman team than Joker and Lex Luthor ? The movie could tackle both villains in one fell swoop , all the while being able to offer a distinctly different take on the villains than what we 've seen in past movies . That pairing has good cross-pollination potential too . Lex Luthor can challenge Bruce Wayne in the boardroom , while Joker is unpredictable enough to keep even Superman on theirs toes .
Current rumors point to Darkseid and the New Gods serving as the villains of the JLA movie . What about the countless DC villains that reside on Earth ? There are any number of characters who might not pose much of a threat to the full JLA lineup but would be proper opponents for a Superman/Batman duo . The movie could follow the format of the graphic novel Superman/Batman : Public Enemies ( and the animated movie it inspired ) by forcing the two heroes on a worldwide tour with a who 's who of DC villains attempting to bring them down . Even without the JLA in the spotlight , World 's Finest could still go a long way towards shining a light on less popular DC characters and locales .
Develop a Road Map
Ultimately , we do n't know if these recent rumors are true . We do n't know if Nolan has been tapped to oversee future DC films . We do n't know if Bale will return as Batman . The central problem is that WB 's plans for these movies always seem to be in flux . Is the reason there have been so many conflicting rumors surrounding the JLA movie because there 's been misinformation purposefully leaked , or because some of them were true for a time until WB changed direction ?
The DC movies need a strong , clear sense of direction moving forward . That 's something we 're seeing from the various studios handling Marvel movies . Marvel Studios has been executing a plan for years , and now they have Joss Whedon firmly in place to guide them towards The Avengers 2 and on television with S.H.I.E.L.D . Fox recently hired writer Mark Millar as a consultant to help them develop a road map for their X-Men and Fantastic Four franchises and build their own shared Marvel Universe . Even Sony seems intent on expanding the Spider-Man franchise and building movies around more than just Peter Parker .
This is the sort of long-term planning we want to see from WB . Man of Steel is the first step in what will hopefully be a grand debut of a shared DC Universe on film . But the studio needs to know where they 're going and how best to pace the movies . Jumping straight from a Superman solo movie to a full-scale JLA team-up just does n't seem like the best route to take . World 's Finest allows WB to take more of a `` slow burn '' approach . It 's banked on two proven money-makers . WB would have to actively try to make a movie like that fail at the box office . A World 's Fienst movie would allow the studio to test the team-up formula , see what works , and apply those lessons towards the JLA movie . It allows them to put JLA on the back burner and ensure that it has all the time it needs to fully coalesce ( especially after rumors of a lousy script draft being scrapped ) . We want to see a JLA on the big screen . But we want a JLA movie done right . If that means waiting a few more years and getting a World 's Finest movie in the interim , we 're more than happy with that prospect .
Jesse is a writer for various IGN channels . Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @ jschedeen on Twitter , or Kicksplode on MyIGN .
A real mechanical keyboard for 50 bucks ?
Mechanical keyboards are pretty great . We never get tired of recommending them here at TR , mostly because we never get tired of using them . As inveterate typists who often write thousands of words in a single sitting , we know the value of good tactile response and consistent action . As gamers , we also love the solid , accurate feel that 's unique to mechanical key switches .
There is just one downside . Entry-level mechanical keyboards are commonly priced in the neighborhood of $ 100 , and upscale models can ring in at $ 150 or more . That 's a lotta dosh when you can snag a cheap rubber-dome keyboard at Best Buy for 20 bucks . Mechanical keyboards are more durable , of course , and that should factor into any buying decision—but some folks just do n't have room in their budgets for a pricey keyboard .
Enter Rosewill 's Striker RK-6000 . At $ 49.99 , this is one of the least expensive mechanical keyboards on the market today . Despite the low cost of entry , it features a full set of mechanical keys , a numeric keypad , and optional rubberized WASD and arrow keys for gamers . There 's even bundled macro software with customizable profiles , if you 're into that sort of thing .
Since we 've had good experiences with Rosewill 's other mechanical keyboards , I was curious to try the RK-6000 . I 've been using the thing for the past several days to find out if it 's a worthy solution for cash-strapped typists and gamers .
The RK-6000 looks a little different from the Rosewill RK-9000-series keyboards we reviewed a couple years back . There 's more plastic padding around the main key blocks , and the layout is unusual . The enter key has a reverse L shape , the backspace key is no wider than the alphanumeric keys , and the backslash sits beside it ( instead of below it , as on most U.S. keyboards ) . The left control key is also extra-wide , for some reason .
Lift up those key caps , and you 'll find Alps clone switches with a clicky , tactile response . In simpler terms , the RK-6000 's keys produce an audible click and a palpable tactile bump when actuated . They 're based on the same design as genuine Alps switches , but they 're manufactured by another company . ( Rosewill would n't specify which firm , but the Deskthority Wiki says the manufacturer is Tai-Hao . In fact , the RK-6000 itself looks remarkably similar to Tai-Hao 's Clicker F21-7D APC . ) Actuating these switches , Rosewill says , requires 50 grams of force , give or take 10 grams . That 's about the same as for Cherry 's popular MX blue switches , which are also tactile and clicky . The actuation distance is similar , too , at 4 mm , give or take 0.5 mm .
Compared to keyboards based on the Cherry MX blue switches , the RK-6000 has quieter clicks but a louder bottoming-out noise . In practice , typing sounds less shrill and a little easier on the ears , though it 's still fairly noisy . There 's also considerably more key-cap wobble , which gives the keys a looser , less precise feel . Compounding that looseness is the fact that the switches under some keys occasionally do n't click at all , especially if they 're pressed quickly or off-center . That last issue is n't really noticeable with the alpha keys , but it is evident in the numpad and with some of the larger keys , including enter and right shift . The keyboard 's backplate has a little bit of flex to it , too—something we 're not used to seeing in mechanical keyboards .
This is definitely a change from the extremely solid , almost surgical feel of the Cherry MX blues in Rosewill 's pricier RK-9000 . One quickly gets the sense that the RK-6000 is built out of lower-grade switches , and the specs bear that out . Rosewill says the RK-6000 's keys are rated for 20 million actuations , while Cherry quotes a lifespan of 50 million actuations for its MX switches .
Happily , however , Rosewill says it 's working on fixing the click problem . A company representative told us , `` [ W ] e 're aware of the issue and we 're working toward a resolution in the consistency of the switch clicks . '' Future versions of the RK-6000 may be better-behaved in that respect .
What else ? Well , the RK-6000 features some of the usual adjustments , like collapsible feet that can increase the already somewhat steep keyboard angle . The RK-6000 also has a few unexpected bells and whistles . For instance , the braided USB cord can be routed through a gutter at the back , should one wish for it to poke out of the corner of the keyboard rather than the center . ( The cable itself is a little short , though , at around 59 '' . The cables for Rosewill 's RK-9000-series keyboards are about eight inches longer . )
The RK-6000 also comes with a little baggie containing a key extractor and eight orange , rubber-coated caps for the WASD and arrow keys . Those caps are shorter than the regular ones , and they have textured surfaces , which might help gamers with sweaty hands get a more solid grip during intense multiplayer sessions . The rubbery , textured finish and flatter surfaces are a little unsettling during normal typing , however . I would probably keep these caps in the box unless I planned to use the RK-6000 exclusively as a gaming keyboard . But hey , kudos to Rosewill for going the extra mile there .
Finally , Rosewill markets this keyboard as having anti-ghosting technology . I tested this out using the ghosting demo on Microsoft 's Applied Sciences website . With the WASD keys held down , the RK-6000 only registered actuations from some of the remaining keys—and it ignored others , including about half the top and bottom alpha rows . Even with only W and D held down , actuations on C , V , and B were n't registered . I 've seen worse showings from cheaper keyboards without explicit anti-ghosting support , but Rosewill 's RK-9000 keyboards have no problem in that last scenario . More upscale gaming keyboards often have n-key rollover , whereby the keyboard 's internal circuitry allows any number of simultaneous actuations .
The smile on Nizar Tahli 's face says it all as they shuffle along the ice .
“ He 's only got two per cent vision , but they make the most of what they have , ” says Donna Gillies Marson , itinerant vision teacher for the Halton District School Board .
This is a really unique experience for Tahli , having just moved to Canada earlier this year from Syria . But even for the other 15 students who have grown up in Canada , the opportunity to put on skates and glide around the ice is a special occasion .
Since Courage Canada , now the Canadian Blind Hockey Association , held its first skate in Halton six years ago , it has continued to grow . And while some , like Tahli , were first-timers on skates , there are others like Eljesa Caka , a Grade 7 student at Alton Village P.S. , who has taken part each year .
“ The kids will start asking me in September , ‘ When are we going skating ? ' ” says Gillies Marson .
This year , students from Holy Trinity 's Hockey Focus phys . ed . class assisted the participants . And though the Trinity students themselves had just had three days of skating instruction , they were put to the test in conveying what they learned .
“ It was a little more complicated because you had to be very descriptive in explaining how to do something , ” said Emily Baxter .
Caka , who moved around with ease and stood out only because of the yellow Canadian Blind Hockey jersey they were wearing , said the high school students helped them with my turns .
Gary Steeves , president Canadian Blind Sports Association , said while the goal is taught skills and develop hockey players , they said there is still a bigger purpose even for those who will never pick up a hockey stick .
“ We want to develop hockey players , but we also want to get them active . We want them to realize there is not anything you ca n't do when you 're blind , ” said Steeves , who founded Vancouver 's blind hockey program and continues to play net . “ When I was in school , my class would go skating and I would go to the study room . I wanted to do what my sighted friends were doing . ”
Below is a calendar of congressional hearings on national security matters for this week .
Tuesday , April 28 , 2015
9:30am – Senate Armed Services – United States Security Policy in Europe ( here )
10:00am – Senate Judiciary – Oversight of the Department of Homeland Security ( here )
2:30pm – Senate Intelligence – Briefing : Intelligence Matters – closed meeting ( here )
Wednesday , April 29 , 2015
9:00am – Senate Appropriations – Defense Subcommittee – Fiscal Year 2016 Funding Request and Budget Justification for the United States National Guard and Reserve ( here )
9:00am – Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs – The Homeland Security Department 's Budget Submission for Fiscal Year 2016 ( here )
10:00am – House Armed Services – Full Committee Markup of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( here )
10:00am – House Oversight and Government Reform – Flying Under the Radar : Securing Washington D.C . Airspace ( here )
12:00pm – House Homeland Security – Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence – Terrorism in Africa : The Imminent Threat to the United States ( here )
1:00pm – House Judiciary – Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security – Birthright Citizenship : Is it the Right Policy for America ? ( here )
2:00pm – House Foreign Affairs – Subcommittee on Africa , Global Health , Global Human Rights , and International Organizations – The Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act ( here )
2:00pm – House Foreign Affairs – Subcommittee on Europe , Eurasia , and Emerging Threats – Progress and Challenges in the Western Balkans ( here )
2:00pm – House Foreign Affairs – Subcommittee on Terrorism , Nonproliferation , and Trade – ISIS : Defining the Enemy ( here )
2:00pm – House Oversight and Government Reform – Subcommittee on Information Technology – Encryption Technology and Potential U.S. Policy Responses ( here )
2:00pm – House Oversight and Government Reform – Subcommittee on National Security – Following the Trail of U.S. Taxpayers ' Dollars Abroad : On-Budget Assistance in Afghanistan ( here )
2:00pm – Senate Appropriations – Homeland Security Subcommittee – Fiscal Year 2016 Funding Request and Budget Justification for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( here )
2:30pm – Senate Armed Services – Subcommittee on Strategic Forces – Military Space Programs – partially closed meeting ( here )
Thursday , April 30 , 2015
9:30am – Senate Armed Services – United States European Command Programs and Budget ( here )
10:00am – House Homeland Security – Allegations of Special Access and Political Influence at the Department of Homeland Security ( here )
11:00am – House Foreign Affairs – Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa – Regional Impact of U.S. Policy Towards Iraq and Syria ( here )
11:00am – House Science , Space , and Technology – Markup : National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act for 2016 and 2017 ( here )
2:00pm – House Foreign Affairs – Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific – Bangladesh 's Fracture : Political and Religious Extremism ( here )
2:30pm – Senate Intelligence – Briefing : Intelligence Matters – closed meeting ( here )
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
ASHEVILLE - It was a lofty goal . It was a rallying cry . It was noble . And it did n't work .
Exhibit A is Gary Briggs .
Homeless , mentally ill , in and out of jail , Briggs is exactly the type of person the 10-year plan to end homelessness in Asheville and Buncombe County was supposed to help . Instead , Briggs sleeps on the streets , bundled in a sleeping bag and clutching a knife . He 's one of 509 homeless counted in a 2016 one-day tally . That 's a higher number of people than were counted in 2005 , the year the plan was written .
The local plan did n't fail alone . There are more than 200 current and past plans to end homelessness around the nation - and none have succeeded yet , a top homelessness prevention advocate said . It 's not clear how much federal money was allotted nationally , though an estimate by the Citizen-Times , showed at least $ 15 billion was sent to local programs . One local homelessness expert estimated $ 10 million flowed to Asheville area agencies .
Plan advocates say that was n't enough money and that federal officials who championed the plans left the communities across the country without the resources to carry them out . This region also faced an increasingly expensive housing market that has resulted in what is widely seen as a crisis for those on the economy 's lower strata .
“ In Buncombe County , we have our own situation , and the things we need in Buncombe County maybe should n't be dictated out of Washington , D.C. ” Michael Woods , director of the region 's biggest emergency shelter
Critics of the plan say strings attached to federal funding hampered efforts .
`` In Buncombe County , we have our own situation , and the things we need in Buncombe County maybe should n't be dictated out of Washington , D.C. , '' said Micheal Woods , director of the region 's biggest emergency shelter . Greater flexibility would have aided local efforts , they said .
Both proponents and critics say the plan achieved some good things . There 's greater cooperation among charities and the government . And a population known as the `` chronically homeless '' has decreased . Those working in the field of prevention now say a greater commitment by the federal government has led recently to elimination of veteran homelessness in some communities .
The idea
The idea behind the plans started with surging homelessness in the 1980s . By 2000 , high homeless populations seemed like the norm .
That year , wanting to push back against acceptance of large-scale homelessness , the nonprofit National Alliance to End Homeless wrote `` A Plan : Not A Dream How to End Homelessness in Ten Years . ''
The document was meant to inspire and was `` not really a detailed plan , '' said Steve Berg , alliance vice president of programs and policy .
`` It was more of a guideline , '' Berg said .
To date , none of the 243 or more current or past plans around the country have succeeded , they said .
`` The main strategies were to prevent people from becoming homeless in the first place , get them housed faster and to make housing more affordable . ''
The liberal-leaning alliance found an unlikely ally with the administration of President George W. Bush , which saw the plan as a way to cut costs to services such as jails , ambulances and emergency rooms frequently used by the relatively small population of chronically homeless .
“ The main strategies were to prevent people from becoming homeless in the first place , get them housed faster and to make housing more affordable. ” Steve Berg , Alliance vice president of programs and policy
The government defines a person in that group as someone who has been homeless or living in an emergency shelter or in a place not `` fit for human habitation '' for a year , either continuously or on at least four separate occasions totaling 12 months over the last three years . A chronically homeless person would also have some kind of disability .
The money
Through the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness , the Bush administration championed the creation of individual community 10-year plans . The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development was a key member of the interagency council and was the primary source of funding .
A HUD spokesperson did n't respond to questions about spending or the success of plans , but an estimate by the Citizen-Times showed funding at more than $ 15 billion from 2005-2014 . Money flowed to `` continuum of care '' services , which were locally created systems to provide a broad range of assistance , such as emergency shelters , mental health services and permanent housing . Nonprofits were the service providers and the main recipients of the money , which was funneled through local governments .
In Buncombe County , officials said they did n't know how much federal or local money had been spent in the decade of the plan , but Christiana Glenn Tugman , who heads the Asheville-Buncombe Homelessness Initiative through the city , said the continuum of care got $ 5 million over the last five years . That part of the initiative has been recognized as a national model .
Woods , whose emergency shelter , Western Carolina Rescue Ministries , received none of the funds but who participated in the local coordinated initiative , made an estimate that extended that $ 1 million a year to a total of $ 10 million .
One key part of the 2005 plan said there would be a `` measurably reduced burden on courts , police , jail , EMS and emergency rooms . ''
Eleven years ago in Buncombe , 37 chronic homeless people cost the community over $ 800,000 annually in those services , the plan said . That amount did n't include more than 100 other people deemed chronically homeless .
City spokesperson Joey Robison said Tugman and others were still analyzing the outcomes of the 10-year plan . Robison said they were n't sure whether total federal funding or a reduction in cost to public services would be part of that analysis .
The numbers
In 2005 when the plan was formulated , the number of homeless was calculated at 502 people , about 0.2 percent of the county population .
This year , the number was actually higher at 509 and was still 0.2 percent of the 248,000 people living in Asheville and the rest of the county .
That number would have been even higher had it not been for the efforts associated with the plan , according to Tugman , who said that in the last five years 1,100 homeless people had been housed .
Them office and nonprofits working on the initiative had greater success with the most difficult cases , said the homelessness initiative leader .
`` The primary focus as far as actually ending homelessness was on the chronic homeless , and we made great strides toward that end , '' they said .
Numbers in 2005 showed 169 people in the chronic category , though Tugman said it was as high as 293 prior to that . The most recent count showed 72 chronically homeless .
The man
It 's not clear whether Briggs was part of that count . But the 55-year-old Caldwell County native fits the description .
After a car accident caused a brain injury in 1983 , Briggs said their already bad temper got worse and they were diagnosed with bipolar disorder . They went to jail in 2014 for what would be the first of several times because of assault or related charges , they said .
`` If you come to that sleeping bag and think I wo n't get you , you better think again . And once I get you , I 'm going to get you good , '' they said showing the knife they sleep with . `` I ai n't got nothing to lose . ''
They said he 's been `` on the street '' for a year , and that medication helps their temper , but they have a hard time affording the pills and has difficulty remembering to take them . They said they want to work so they can rent a place to live , but they forget things he 's been taught and said they would prefer if an employer arranged their room and board for him , since those are tough for them to manage .
`` If you work , that way you ai n't doing this , '' they said , holding out an open hand , `` 'Hey , man gim me . Ma'am gim me . ' That way you ai n't doing that . You are making your money . You 're in your crib , kicking back watching television . You can go fix yourself something to eat . ''
Tugman said they and other groups associated with the plan think they can help people such as Briggs by continuing an emphasis on a `` housing first '' approach .
`` We believe we can eventually reduce that number to zero — or very close to it — by moving folks into housing before they reach the chronic stage , '' they said . `` This will continue to be a primary focus of the new strategic plan . ''
The strategy
Controversial at first , the housing first model came to replace the idea of soup kitchens and emergency shelters as the best approach . The idea was that spending public funds to put a person in a permanent home would save money in the long run since that housed person would be using fewer charitable and taxpayer funded services . That person would also be spending less time worrying about finding a place to sleep and could concentrate on getting work or help with mental health issues .
Critics of that approach , such as Woods , say federal officials became fixated on the housing first model and made it the focus of funding , neglecting other strategies that might work better in different places .
There should be larger emphasis on poverty-prevention programs , since being poor is what leads to homelessness , the shelter director said . Some who come to the shelter need a job and `` transitional housing . '' Then they are better able to make the step to independence and permanent housing .
Labeling someone with a disability and putting them into taxpayer-funded housing is appropriate for some people , but for others it can be a convenient trap , they said , where they are secure but face the penalties of losing benefits if they try to move on .
`` They consider it a win when they get someone off the street and put them in subsidized housing . Now that person is forever on that . And if they ever do anything to get out off that , they actually lose that security . ''
Others , though , say housing first does work and does n't need to be a form of `` velvet handcuffs , '' forever trapping those who benefit .
In Fairfax County , Virginia , a community of over 1 million people , there were 1,800 people counted as homeless in 2008 . This year , that number 's dropped to 1,000 , said Dean Klein , director of the county 's Office to Prevent and End Homelessness .
Like Buncombe , Fairfax , which is next to Washington , D.C , is facing an extremely tight and expensive housing market . It cracked that problem , in part , by facing the real estate issues head on , said Klein .
`` One of the things we did was establish a housing locator network . When there were federal resources available ... maybe four or five years ago , we established a pilot that hired staff that had skills in securing apartments , '' they said . `` Their core professional expertise was in real estate , they were former brokers or other professionals in the business . ''
It worked so well that their office began to encourage every nonprofit that got federal funds through the county to drop a social worker and add a real estate specialist .
A large budget made hiring personnel easier . This year , Fairfax got $ 8.3 million from HUD , about eight times that of Buncombe , and has an overall homelessness prevention budget of $ 13 million this year including state and federal funds .
The funding difference was not lost on local officials such as Tugman who said flatly , `` that would be nice '' to get that kind of support .
The new plan
They and other prevention officials said funding has in fact picked up since 2010 , though , the emphasis has shifted . Under the administration of President Barack Obama , overall allocations including the continuum of care support have climbed from $ 3.8 billion to a proposed $ 5.5 billion over the last seven years .
The focus now is on ending veteran homelessness , something that is an easier bipartisan pitch . Chronic homelessness , children and youth as well as an overall end to homeless are also on the list , said Amy Sawyer , who first worked on the Asheville-Buncombe plan before becoming a regional coordinator for the interagency council .
`` We can actually demonstrate that with the right investment with the right implementation we can end veteran homelessness , '' Sawyer said .
That has happened in places as New Orleans , Philadelphia and Winston-Salem , they said .
`` Now there are mayors , there are people from the VA medical center , people that are together saying we will end homelessness . ''
They and those such as Woods , though , will continue to disagree about whether that is a realistic goal .
`` It can be reduced but not eliminated , '' they said .
`` There are too many factors that contribute to people being homeless . You have people experiencing traumas every day , mental health issues , abuse , divorce . ''
Feeling inspired by Anne Curtis and Erwan Heussaff 's latest photos in South Korea ? Well , it seems that the stars have aligned ! Getting into South Korea just became easier—Manila Bulletin reports that tourists who want to visit the land of K-beauty can do so visa-free . However , there 's a catch : they need to enter the country through the YangYang International Airport in the Gangwon province , which is located 158 kilometers from Seoul .
This perk—to be enjoyed only by the three neighboring countries of South Korea , including the Philippines , Indonesia , and Vietnam—is part of their efforts to boost tourism , which has been suffering due to security and political issues . This is also to promote the upcoming Winter Olympic Games to be held in Pyeongchang in February 2018 .
Finance minister Kim Dong-yeon explains in a news report , `` Tourism is an important industry that creates more jobs than other sectors . The Winter Olympics is about 100 days away and the improved relations with China will give fresh momentum to the local tourism industry . ''
So are your bags packed yet ? You better plan that trip fast because the visa-free entry will only last until April 2018 .
Update , November 9 , 2017 , 9:00am : In a phone inquiry with the Embassy of the Republic of Korea in the Philippines , the embassy cleared that no official announcement has been released . Please watch this space for updates on the official statement and other details regarding this news report .
Sources : Manila Bulletin , Yonhap News Agency Korea
( RNS ) A new Gallup survey shows that a greater proportion of Mississippians counts themselves as “ very religious ” than people from any other state : 59 percent .
The Magnolia State has owned the top spot in the religiosity survey for the past nine years .
Following close behind in the 2016 poll : Alabama , with 56 percent , and heavily Mormon Utah , with 54 percent calling themselves very religious .
Vermont , with 21 percent placing themselves in the very religious category , came in last — a ranking it has maintained for nine of the past 10 years . Just in front of Vermont : Maine ( 23 percent ) and Massachusetts ( 25 percent ) .
Since 2008 , when Gallup started tracking religiosity state by state , the rankings have changed little , with Southern states and Utah dominating the top 10 , and New England , Northwest and Mid-Atlantic states dominating the bottom .
Also since 2008 , the percentage of Americans as a whole who consider themselves “ very religious ” — the most devout label respondents can assign themselves in the poll — has dipped to 38 percent , down from 41 percent .
At the same time , the proportion of Americans who describe themselves as nonreligious edged up , from 30 percent to 32 percent , according to Gallup .
Gallup Editor-in-Chief Frank Newport , summarizing the poll , writes that a state 's religiosity is a product of its history and religious culture .
“ These cultures can be self-sustaining and extend beyond the life of any one resident , ” they write . “ Persons moving to Mississippi may find themselves more likely to attend religious services because so many others are doing so , while persons moving to Vermont may be less inclined to attend because so few of their neighbors do . ”
Gallup conducted the poll of nearly 175,000 adults between January and December 2016 . Its margin of error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for most states , with a margin of error of no more than plus or minus 6 percentage points for any state .
by CYRYL JAKUBOWSKI
Northwest Side residents could hear nighttime airplane noise on a weekly basis once again because the city Department of Aviation 's 6-month test of its `` Fly Quiet '' runway rotation plan that distributed flights through the use of both parallel and diagonal runways at O'Hare International Airport will end on Dec. 25 .
The rotation plan called for a 25-week schedule that consisted of 12 one-week periods that would feature six parallel and diagonal configurations and six east-flow and six west-flow configurations to balance overnight noise . Each new week began on Sunday at 10 p.m. or after demand allowed the use of one arrival and one departure runway .
The current `` Fly Quiet '' program is a voluntary program that encourages pilots and air traffic controllers to use flight tracks that direct planes over forest preserves , highways and commercial and industrial areas to mitigate noise in residential areas .
The ad hoc committee of the O'Hare Noise Compatibility Commission met on Nov. 30 to discuss the results from the first 12 weeks of the program and reviewed the regulatory process that had been established by the Federal Aviation Administration , which approved the rotation test in July . The administration approved the test on condition that it would not exceed 6 months , that it was requested by the city and that the data collected would be used to assess the operational and noise effects of the test , according to the FAA .
`` The FAA allowed a 6-month test and anything past that time would require an environmental impact study , '' Mount Prospect Mayor Arlene Juracek , who is the chairperson of the noise commission , said . `` We need to sit down with the ( Chicago Department of Aviation ) and the FAA to understand what can be done and if we can continue the rotations . ''
The commission approved the rotation plan in May after it worked with the city aviation department , the FAA , the Suburban O'Hare Commission and the Fair Allocation in Runways Coalition , which did not vote on the plans but which sat in on the meetings .
`` The FAA has regulatory rules that it must follow , so it 's not a matter of simply extending it , '' Juracek said . `` When it ends on the 26th we will gather all that data that has been collected and see what can be done . ''
Juracek said that members of the commission would like to continue the rotation because it provided some relief from overnight noise . They said that residents of towns such as Palatine and Schaumburg opposed extending the test because it had created noise that they had not previously experienced .
Alderman John Arena ( 45th ) , who is a member of the ad hoc committee and the technical committee of the commission , said that Northwest Side residents they heard from said that the test provided relief from jet noise .
`` It was a 6-month test that is ending , and it will revert back to the original ‘ Fly Quiet ' plan without the rotation of flights , '' Arena said . `` The feedback that I have heard was that it provided relief . Even ( the Fair Allocation in Runways Coalition ) said that it has been effective in providing some relief for the Northwest Side .
FAIR is a coalition of groups that has lobbied for relief from jet noise .
`` This gives us options , '' Arena said . `` The CDA ( city aviation department ) has petitioned the FAA to extend the period , but it needs to have some time to analyze the data to see if it is something that they are willing to keep . ''
In the 12 weeks of the runway rotation test , the rotations began on average at about 11:13 p.m. and ended at about 5:34 a.m. `` Fly Quiet '' usually runs from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. , but on average it was administered from 10:53 p.m. to 5:42 a.m. during the 12 weeks .
According to the data , rotations were used on 78 out of 81 nights and primary runways were used 59 percent of the time , secondary runways were used 13 percent of the time and wide-body operations on runways smaller than 10,000 feet were used 41 percent of the time .
According to the data , there were 3,350 departures and 4,513 arrivals overnight during the 12 weeks . About 46 percent of the flights were by United and American airlines , 22 percent were other domestic flights , 15 percent were other international flights , 16 percent were cargo planes and 1 percent were general aviation .
The configurations used during the test were based on historical wind data . According to the data , Runway 32 Left , a diagonal runway , was used 35 percent of the time for departures . Runway 14 Right , a part of the diagonal , was used 5 percent of the time for departures and 7 percent for arrivals .
The other most heavily used runways were Runway 28 Right with 18 percent departures and 13 percent arrivals and Runway 22 Right with 20 percent arrivals and no departures .
Runway 14 Right 32 Left was renamed in September Runway 15-33 after the closing in 2015of Runway 14 Left 32 Right , a diagonal runway .
John Kane , one of the leaders of FAIR , said that the group is pushing to keeping the remaining diagonal runway open , instead of the scheduled closing in 2018 . The group was formed after O'Hare switched to using east-west runways almost entirely as part of the O'Hare Modernization Plan . The change resulted in a large increase in jet noise in areas east and west of the airport .
`` We think that the rotation plan should be continued permanently , '' Kane said . `` We also think that the diagonal runway should be kept open as well . We at FAIR demand that the diagonal runway be kept open and that it stays open permanently .
`` I find it interesting that they want to close that one diagonal runway , but during the test it was being used 30 to 40 percent of the time . It makes no sense to close it in 2 years and wait for when a new runway opens when they seem to have benefits of using it now . ''
Al Rapp of FAIR said that the continued use of the diagonal runway would be the next best solution in the interim , as the city , the noise commission and the FAA determine if they want to continue the rotations .
`` If they do n't continue the rotations , then Northwest Siders wo n't have relief , '' Rapp said . `` One thing that we at FAIR would like to see happen is the use of Runway 15-33 , which is a diagonal runway , so what happened was that part of the configuration they were using that runway a lot . We discovered that they were using it perhaps 40 percent of the time . '' Rapp said .
`` That diagonal runway does not require an environmental impact study because it 's already a designated runway . The FAIR position is if the rotations have to end , at the minimum we can continue to use 15-33 in the next year and people would get some relief , ''
However , Arena said that it would be wise to give city officials time to look at the data and make an informed decision instead of relying on `` anecdotal information . ''
`` We are slaves to the FAA in terms of what we can do , '' Arena said . `` If we go by the book on this one , then on the 26th of December we will go back to the original flight patterns , and if that 's the case , the have to hold off and analyze the data and see if the FAA will approve another rotation plan . ''
`` You have to give them some time to look at the data and what it will show instead of anecdotal information , '' Arena said . `` One of the benefits of the analysis will be the survey of anonymous complaints . Right now when people call , sometimes we do n't know where they are calling from . As someone who has been charged with aiding the problem in the 45th Ward , I want to see some of the complaint data .
`` When you get that data you can pinpoint where someone is making a complaint from . The data will paint a picture if we need to make adjustments to the plan or if we are on the right track .
`` Some suburbs have complained that they had increase in noise when they did n't have any before , but that is the thing about fairness . You get noise one week and then no noise on the other week . It 's about fairness . We ca n't go back to the same plan that Northwest Siders have been dealing with for decades because we need to give them some relief too . ''
FAA spokesperson Tony Molinaro said that the agency has not chosen a position on the rotation plan .
`` If the city wants to change the plan itself , we would need to conduct an environmental analysis of what is being requested , '' Molinaro said . `` We could not speculate on what our response would be . ''
Kane said that FAIR believes that the rotation plan could be implemented again because it has reduced the number of noise complaints .
`` It has decreased the number of complaints overall , but some have increased in the suburbs , in areas where they had no noise at all , but from talking to members of the ONCC I think they support the idea of the rotations , '' Kane said . `` The complaints will skyrocket as soon as they go back to the way things were .
`` When they opened the Wilson Avenue runway , the new one a few years ago , there were 520,000 complaints . We are dealing with a public catastrophe . Five hundred thousand in August . It 's a remarkable number .
`` If you benchmark that against other airports that 's a stupefying number . People are asking what are you doing about this ? Is anyone doing anything about it ? ''
Rapp said that the rotation test was used as a distraction by the city from the O'Hare Modernization Plan .
`` I think that the test was used as a distraction to secure money for that sixth runway and to keep the issue away from the press , '' Rapp said . `` The city did n't want to have anything bad being said until the contracts were approved . Right now they are emboldened because the contract went to Walsh so that runways will get built at all cost . ''
According to the Walsh Group Web site , the company will build a new 225-foot north traffic control tower for the new runway as part of the $ 6.6 billion modernization plan , which includes seven Walsh projects that will increase O'Hare 's capacity from 2,700 to more than 3,800 operations per day .
`` The problem is that the new runway wo n't open until 2020 or 2021 and the diagonals are supposed to be closed by 2018 , so that 's 2 years where they do n't know what they will do , '' Rapp said .
However , Juracek said that there is no reason to second guess what the city or the FAA are doing .
`` The test has n't been completed yet , '' Juracek said . `` We had a meeting and we looked at the data from one to 12 weeks . We need to collect the other data and then meet up with the CDA and the FAA to see what is feasible .
`` What complicated things is that Runway 15/33 is supposed to close in 2018 , so the question becomes do we come up with a short-term plan or a longer-term solution that looks past the closing of that diagonal . We will see if we can get something up and running again by July 5 . We hope to keep it going sooner , but there is a schedule we have to keep . ''
`` The FAA is willing to look at the process because they would like to use the test as a model at other airports that are having similar issues around the country , '' Juracek said . `` There is no reason to think that all they are doing is twiddling their thumbs and waiting until the test is over . ''
The ad hoc committee will hold a meeting on Wednesday , Feb. 8 , at which the aviation department will present data and analysis , including survey results of the entire duration of the 25-week rotation test .
Mercedes-AMG boss Tobias Moers has revealed more about the company 's upcoming hypercar , currently dubbed 'Project One ' .
The new hybrid hypercar will feature an F1-sourced 1.6-litre turbocharged V6 , redlining at 11,000rpm , and four electric motors .
Moers said : `` The pinnacle of our innovation is a vehicle that shifts up the boundaries of what is technically feasible – the AMG hypercar , Project One . ''
The newly revealed images show off the AMG 's powertrain and inboard pushrod-operated suspension .
The Project One 's single-turbo V6 will drive the rear wheels , assisted by an electric motor , while a pair of electric motors will power the front axle . The total system output is claimed to be in excess of 986bhp , which should grant the Project One staggering performance .
`` We are the first to make purebred F1 technology roadworthy , '' said Moers . `` Behind this there is the most sophisticated and highly successful technology that has secured three driver world championships and three team world championships in a row .
`` Our high-tech V6 's turbocharger is driven by a 107bhp electric motor . All four electric motors draw their electricity from the same batteries we use in formula one , in the same arrangement – but there are more of them . ''
The Project One will also be capable of pure electric drive , with Moers claiming an electric range of around 16 miles in normal conditions .
The engine will drive the rear wheels through an automated manual gearbox .
Moers also states that the thermal efficiency of the 1.6-litre V6 is around 40 percent , a figure claimed to exceed that of any rival street-legal effort .
`` We 're continuing to challenge the status quo of the performance segment . We owe that to the history of our company and we want to do even better . We want to set new standards for future performance , '' added Moers .
Mercedes-AMG is expected to reveal the Project One this year .
Tags : # AMG # Mercedes # MercedesAMG # MercedesBenz # supercar # hypercar # news # official # V6 # turbocharging # turbocharged # F1
The University of Alabama at Birmingham knew its football team was going to have to battle for survival from the start . In 1996 , its first year of Division I-A ball , the team 's slogan was unusually defensive : “ We 're here to stay , ” the omnipresent banners and billboards around Birmingham read . Less than 20 years later , the team is gone .
On Tuesday UAB President Ray Watts announced they were shuttering the football team , citing a study from an outside consulting group that determined the program would need to dramatically increase its operating budget in order to remain competitive . “ We have considered many options to fill this financial gap , including through philanthropic support ; but our informed analysis of current and past support and interest concluded that the gap is simply too wide , ” Watts wrote .
UAB faced two major problems , one of which was specific to its circumstances , and one of which is staring down all universities that have recently tried their hand at big-time football .
The University of Alabama never wanted UAB to be a competitor , making life difficult for UAB even before a team arrived . Even though the two institutions share a board of trustees and a medical school , Alabama has been leery of UAB 's foray into major sports since Gene Bartow left their job as UCLA 's head coach to found UAB 's basketball team in 1978 . Citing a range of grievances over recruiting and fan support , Alabama has refused to engage UAB on the court or on the gridiron . The Tide have faced the Blazers only once , in basketball , when they were pitted against each other in the National Invitation Tournament . UAB did n't help matters by winning 58-56 .
In 1989 , Bartow , UAB 's athletic director , started to put together a football team . Alabama 's athletic department was not happy . Its head coach , Bill Curry , was particularly adamant : “ Not only would we not play them , we do n't understand why they are talking about bringing another football team into the University of Alabama system , ” they said at the time . “ I 'm the only [ football ] coach in the University of Alabama system . We do n't need another football team at one of our other campuses. ” In 1991 , Bartow sent a letter to the NCAA accusing former and current Alabama coaches — including Bear Bryant — of recruiting violations .
The system 's board of trustees has tended to represent Alabama 's interests over UAB 's , perhaps because the large majority of them are alumni of the Capstone . ( Trustee Paul Bryant , Jr. , for example , is the son of the legendary coach . ) They 've blocked UAB 's attempts to move out of the cavernous and decaying Legion Field and into a new stadium , and they nixed a deal for UAB to hire Jimbo Fisher , who would go on to win a national championship with Florida State .
But even if the Blazers had n't been undercut by their own trustees , they still would have had a tremendous hill to climb , one that 's getting steeper every year as the gap between the haves and the have-nots of football continues to grow . UAB was in the vanguard of a recent trend of universities starting football programs from scratch with the plan to get to Division I as soon as possible , and reap the PR and financial benefits that come with a major football program . Nine other universities that are in or are about to join the Football Bowl Subdivision have started football programs since UAB did , and they share several commonalities .
All of them are based in the South , and all of them felt they had a chance to succeed because of the prestige of the game and the fertile recruiting grounds in the region . But they 've found it incredibly expensive to field a competitive FBS program . They all have losing records against fellow FBS schools , and they all receive substantial subsidies in order to keep their athletic departments afloat . They 've had trouble attracting supporters , perhaps because most football fans in the region are already loyal to other teams . And as the Big 5 power conferences start to crank up the financial pressure — both with lavish spending on facilities and upcoming allowances for players — it 's possible that some of these programs could join UAB on the sidelines .
Only one of the new teams looks like it 's making the leap to sustainability . South Florida not only has the highest attendance and lowest subsidy percentage of the bunch , it 's also the only school that 's made it out of the C-USA and Sun Belt Conference dregs and into the relative comfort of the American Athletic Conference . ( That said , the team has regressed recently , winning only six games in the last two years . )
The rest of the teams look a lot like UAB with slightly better attendance . They bring in far less than the average FBS athletic department , and all their athletic departments receive at least 60 percent of their revenues in subsidies — meaning that a combination of student fees , institutional support and state funding are used to cover the majority of their expenses .
In their letter to UAB faculty about the shutdown , Watts specifically cited the huge subsidy as a reason the football team had to go , along with an unwillingness to shell out even more cash for upgraded facilities . If that 's actually the case , and cold numbers rather than system-wide infighting cost UAB its team , then there are plenty of other programs facing similar deficits .
Watts claims the UAB athletic budget will stay the same even after the football program folds , meaning that more resources can be put toward other sports , including the basketball team , which has recently fallen on hard times after years of winning seasons . Perhaps UAB can look to the success of Virginia Commonwealth University , its former Sun Belt Conference foe , which eschewed the lure of football to focus on basketball . The Rams now play in the hoops-centered Atlantic-10 and regularly make deep runs in the NCAA tournament .
Making the Blazers ' basketball team into a powerhouse wo n't be a simple task . But it will certainly be easier than the existential struggle its football team just lost .
CORRECTION ( 9:30 a.m. , Dec. 8 ) : An earlier version of this article misstated the year that Gene Barlow started UAB 's football program ; it was 1989 , not 1991 .
Director Julian Schnabel and screenwriter Rula Jebreal attend the premiere of Miral [ GALLO/GETTY ]
Most Americans , Jew and Gentile , grew up with the Leon Uris history of the struggle for the Holy Land . Exodus chronicles the heroic birth of Israel out of the ashes of the Holocaust . There the story ends ; there is no other narrative .
This politically convenient and magnificently incomplete version of history remains the dominant American narrative of the tragedy known as Israel and Palestine . Despite the cracks in that narrative in recent years , the über story of Exodus – Uris ' 1958 mega-bestseller , and the subsequent Hollywood film starring Paul Newman – still holds a tremendous grip on the American imagination . It may be one of the most influential pieces of fiction ever written in the US . A friend of mine , growing up Jewish in Minneapolis , read it 11 times , their heart surging with glory for the Israeli triumph .
In Exodus there are only heroic or victimised Jews ; only malicious , pathetic or cowardly Arabs , driven not by a love of their land but by fear and manipulation . As Uris tells the story , the Palestinians have no legitimate claim to their homeland : `` If the Arabs of Palestine loved their land , they could not have been forced from it – much less run from it without real cause . '' Here there is no Deir Yassin massacre ; no `` Plan Dalet '' and its blueprint for sewing fear and fire in Arab villages ; no Nakba and its dispossession of 750,000 indigenous Palestinians .
Controlling the narrative
Maintaining control of the Uris narrative is thus an important task for protectors of the status quo . Certain `` balanced '' accounts may be acceptable , but not mainstream versions that simply tell the story from a Palestinian point of view .
So what happens when a new film set for major American theatrical release threatens to do just that – with a premiere at the UN General Assembly , no less ?
The movie is Miral , based on the autobiographical novel by Rula Jebreal that tells the story of three generations of Palestinian women . Its UN opening was greeted with protests from mainstream American Jewish organisations . `` The show went on and , once again , Israel got the short end of the stick , '' wrote David Harris of the American Jewish Congress ( AJC ) in a Jerusalem Post piece . Harris ' protests were couched as a criticism of the UN General Assembly and the fact that a pro-Israel film had never screened there , in part because of `` the powerful Arab bloc '' and `` their buddies '' .
Yet the real concern of groups like the AJC is that they are losing control of the narrative . Harris quotes a review from their colleague , Lisa Palmieri-Billig , complaining that `` Israel is portrayed as the unequivocal villain '' in the film , by director Julian Schnabel , who is Jewish . `` Not only did Schnabel choose not to tell the whole story , but they also shirked a director 's responsibility of providing the historical framework necessary for even their half of the story . ''
Such concerns are not limited to groups like the AJC . Deborah Sontag , in a recent New York Times Q & A with Schnabel , asked : `` Why were you drawn to tell the Palestinian story rather than the Israeli one ? '' and twice asked them if the film portrays Israel negatively .
Yet telling the Palestinian side of the story – i.e . not telling the story from both sides - was precisely the point of the movie , and the book it is based on .
It is not clear what exactly has overheated the critics , many of whom have not even seen the film . Could it be the black and white images of Jewish refugees near the film 's opening – accompanied not by familiar swelling music but by dark , minor strains , a kind of foreboding for Palestinians in the 1940s who opposed the Jewish influx from Europe ? Could it be the 1948 encounter between a young Palestinian woman in Jerusalem 's Old City with children who survived the massacre at Deir Yassin ? Or the picture of an Israeli steam shovel demolishing a Palestinian home in 1967 ? Or that Palestinian children stare through the window of a bus travelling through the West Bank , at the ever-sprouting hilltop Jewish settlements ? Or this line about the settlers from a Palestinian protagonist : `` What they really want is all of Palestine , without the Palestinians '' ?
Or perhaps it is much more primal than that . Jennifer Jajeh , the Palestinian-American author of the provocative one-woman show , I Heart Hamas , wondered playfully at a Miral premiere party in Los Angeles this week : `` What 's the problem ? Is it because the rebel guy is cute ? ''
Stuck in a moment of hope
Yet it might not be fair to compare Omar Metwally to Paul Newman , or Miral to its would-be Leon Uris counterpart .
As a movie , Miral , solely in terms of sheer storytelling power , is no Exodus . Reviews of the film – despite strong performances from Hiam Abbass as the director of a Jerusalem school for girls , and Yasmine Almasri as the mother of the title character ( played by the Indian actor Freida Pinto ) – have been lukewarm at best . NPR called it `` well-intentioned '' but dismissed it as an `` art project that took a wrong turn '' ; the Guardian labelled an earlier , longer version of it `` an incredible clunker '' .
One of the harshest reviews comes from a Palestinian website , Electronic Intifada , where Omar El-Khairy called it `` a rather drab , and at times infuriating , bourgeois melodrama '' . They denounced Schnabel 's casting of Pinto , who starred in Slumdog Millionaire , `` as a modern day Pocahontas who can be effectively transplanted from a Mumbai slum to an orphanage in Jerusalem '' . This last dig ignores that Schnabel was trying for star power to take a Palestinian story mainstream , and , more incidentally , the strong resemblance between Pinto and the real-life Jebreal .
The flimsiest critique of Miral comes from those who believe Israel can do no wrong . Contrary to their claims , the movie is hardly a screed against the Jewish state . In the end the film celebrates a coexistence vision , laid out by Metwally 's character , who disavows their militancy , telling Miral : `` The road is too bloody . '' Palestinians , they say , must agree to a state on 22 per cent of their ancestral homeland ( i.e . the West Bank and Gaza ) . `` I just want to live , '' they declare , shortly before being murdered by their militant former cadres .
Indeed , the film 's final call for `` peace , '' evoked in a title card aimed at a 2011 audience , seems oddly stuck in a fleeting hopeful moment in 1994 , when many Palestinians supported a two state solution , and believed it was possible .
That was before the number of West Bank settlers tripled , a network of `` settlers-only '' roads crisscrossed a would-be Palestinian state and a ring of settlements virtually choked off Arab East Jerusalem from the rest of the West Bank . Today the prospect of a two-state solution is harder than ever to imagine . Yet Schnabel 's final message evokes the story not so much of Palestinian hopes in 2011 as those of Peace Now and the dwindling Israeli peace camp .
Yet despite its flaws , Schnabel and Jebreal 's Miral marks one of the first times anyone has tried to tell just a Palestinian story in a mainstream Hollywood release . That in itself is a remarkable step , and another indication of a slow loosening of Uris ' grip on the American understanding of this long tragedy .
Sadly , though , it appears that pro-Israel critics clinging to the Exodus narrative have little to worry about . Unless the critical reviews give way to more supportive ones , the film may not last long in theatres , and a resonant mainstreaming of the `` Palestinian side of the story '' may have to wait for another day .
Sandy Tolan is an associate professor at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at USC and the author of The Lemon Tree : An Arab , a Jew , and the heart of the Middle East .
The views expressed are the author 's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera 's editorial policy .
The Ohio State Buckeyes have all the ingredients of a championship team . Jake Withers is winning 67.2 % of face-offs ( 3rd in NCAA ) . Tom Carey is stopping 53.3 % of shots ( 17th in NCAA ) . Only five other teams ( Albany , Richmond , Bryant , Loyola and St. Joseph 's ) have top-20 players at each position .
Before the 2015 season , Paul Carcaterra tweeted that the last team to win without an alpha male attackman was the 2007 Johns Hopkins squad ; it still holds true . Steve Pontrello , Connor Cannizzaro , Jordan Wolf ( x2 ) , Justin Ward , Steele Stanwick , Ned Crotty , Kenny Nims , and Mike Leveille gave their respective championship teams a presence behind the cage .
Johns Hopkins overcame their lack of an alpha male attackman at X with midfielder Paul Rabil taking on the quarterback role in 2007 . Offensively , Ohio State makes up for its lack of a presence at X with an alpha male on each wing . Left-handed Eric Fannell ( 28G , 26A ) and right-handed Tre Leclaire ( 41G , 14A ) can both initiate from the low wings .
Actions from the wing force defenses to make uncomfortable slides . Defenses install invert zones to cover up the crease and the weak-side as they thwart drives from X . The slow developing nature of top-down feeds favors the defense , unless you have a once-in-a-generation passing midfielder like Paul Rabil or Tom Schreiber or Myles Jones .
Wing dodges are relatively uncommon . Run them with Canadians who are accustomed to shaking their defender while staying on their side of the cage , and they become a mess to defend .
To slide or not to slide when your on-ball defender forces Fannell underneath ? They have proven their ability to burn you in either situation .
The 6-foot-1 , 220 lb . senior out of St. Catharines is reminiscent of two former left-handed Buckeyes : Jesse King ( '15 ) and Logan Schuss ( '13 ) . Ohio State 's constant picking and re-picking often produces favorable matchups for Fannell . If they do n't , then the matchups usually favor Leclaire on the other side .
Of Tre Leclaire 's 35 even-strength goals , 18 have been unassisted ( per analyticslacrosse.com ) . Check out the list of players with more unassisted goals – it 's impressive . Only a first-year student , Leclaire can get to the middle of the field by navigating pick-and-rolls or by brute strength .
The importance of strong-side shooting was the biggest takeaway from Atlanta Blaze head coach Dave Huntley and Director of Analytics Jesse McNulty 's presentation “ Lacrosse by the Numbers ” at the US Lacrosse Convention . When your stick is to the middle , your shooting percentage skyrockets . Lefties shot 22.9 % on their wrong-side and 34.2 % on their strong-side last year in MLL ; righties shot 26.1 % versus 29.7 % .
Having a right-handed counterpart like Leclaire has added an extra element to the Ohio State offense . Their sets are so wide – and their field balance is so symmetrical – that defenses are stretched into impossible positions , like trying to arch your back and keep it flat at the same time . In two passes , the Buckeyes move from outside the hash marks to the other side while keeping their sticks to the middle to increase their shooting angle .
Johnny Pearson ( 30.1 % shooting ) cashed in both of those opportunities , but there 's a whole cast of characters capable of finishing . Lukas Buckley ( 39.4 % ) , Jack Jasinski ( 38.7 % ) , Leclaire ( 38.3 % ) , Colin Chell ( 35.2 % ) , JT Blubaugh ( 35.1 % ) , Tyler Pfister ( 34.6 % ) , Austin Shanks ( 30.3 % ) and Fannell ( 30.1 % ) all shoot better than 30.0 % .
When you see the adjacent slides to eyes that the Ohio State ball-carriers can bait , you realize why . Fielding an equal amount of righties and lefties allows shooters to catch and shoot immediately . They do n't need to open up their hips or square up the cage ; there is no motion wasted .
The many phases of Ohio State 's offensive attack are a headache to prepare for . Both Withers ( 4G , 5A ) and short-stick defensive midfielder Ryan Terefenko ( 5G , 6A ) will stay and play . When associate head coach and offensive coordinator Brad Ross deploys them as pickers , opponents refuse to chip , hedge or switch . It 's a one-dimensional pick defense . Notre Dame 's Bryan Costabile , Maryland 's Will Bonaparte and Denver 's Tyler Pace all have the same thing in mind : I need to get the hell off the field .
The Buckeyes will host Loyola to open the NCAA tournament . The Greyhounds ' defense is ninth in adjusted defensive efficiency . They 're turning opponents over on 44.2 % of possessions ( 5th highest rate in NCAA ) and squandering a paltry 56.0 % shooting efficiency ( 6th in NCAA ) .
On paper , the Buckeyes ' offense and the Greyhounds ' defense will be a clash of the titans . Watch for the game within the game : An offense of one-handed players trying to break down a defense that would give an opposing player the middle of the field before giving them their strong hand .
Syria 's War Creates A Demand For Artificial Legs
Syria 's War Creates A Demand For Artificial Legs Listen · 3:55 3:55
Enlarge this image toggle caption Deborah Amos/NPR Deborah Amos/NPR
In a clinic in southern Turkey , Mohammed Ibrahim helps 23-year-old Syrian Mustapha Abu Bakr take their first steps since they lost their legs , holding on to a set of bars for balance .
`` He ca n't express their feelings , '' Ibrahim says . `` It 's a new thing completely for him . ''
Ibrahim explains that patients who have lost a leg below the knee can walk out of the clinic without crutches after a day of practice . For double amputees like Abu Bakr , who was injured in Syria 's civil war , the adjustment takes more time .
Ibrahim , a Jordanian with hospital experience in working with amputees , recently joined the staff of this workshop , which fits wounded Syrians with new prosthetic legs .
The death toll in the Syrian conflict is generally estimated at something over 100,000 . Now the International Committee of the Red Cross estimates half a million have been wounded , with many victims lacking access to basic health care and treatment . The war has also left many Syrians physically handicapped , and some have crossed into Turkey for treatment .
This clinic in Reyhanli , near the Syrian border , has fitted more than 300 patients with artificial limbs . There are more than 600 Syrians on the waiting list , with thousands more still inside Syria who have been handicapped during the war . The staff here say they can produce 50 artificial limbs a month , more when they can raise the funds .
Patients Of All Ages
The youngest patient is 12-year-old Mayssa , their leg sheared off by a shell that killed their sister . Two young men are also here for fittings : one a former cook turned rebel fighter , the other a farmer who lost their legs after they stepped on a land mine . The fitting can take up to three weeks .
When the clinic opened in February , Syrian doctors from a U.K.-based charity ordered a mass-produced prosthetic leg known as the Jaipur leg , which was developed in India and gave patients only limited mobility . Raed Al-Masri , who runs the clinic , wanted something better .
`` No one has experience or expertise with artificial limbs , '' Masri says . `` There was no big demand in Syria for this type of technology . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Deborah Amos/NPR Deborah Amos/NPR
Over the months , the workshop team learned quickly — making improvements on the Jaipur leg , and adding a knee joint and a flexible ankle . But the artificial foot is still ordered in bulk .
There is also a cabinet full of feet that come in a range of sizes , including tiny ones for kids . Masri says many children with war wounds have been treated here , with their youngest patient just 15 months old .
For double amputee Abu Bakr , the adjustment takes time , but he 's off to a good start , according to Ibrahim .
Abu Bakr gains confidence with each step . They walk until they tire . They will have to come back for more fittings as their body adjusts . They say their first walk felt weird , but they smile at the accomplishment .
`` For the past three months , I thought I would never walk again , '' Abu Bakr says . `` Now , for the first time , I feel like I will be able to walk . ''
The New York police department has been under national scrutiny for months following the choking death of Eric Garner on Staten Island in July . After a grand jury declined to indict officer Daniel Pantaleo for using an unauthorized chokehold on Garner , the NYPD announced that New York 's Finest were dedicated to `` rebuilding public trust . ''
What better way to rebuild public trust than to invoke Jack Nicholson 's infamous A Few Good Men monologue justifying the brutal murder of a Marine ?
For context : The image in the tweet , sent Monday afternoon , is a transcript of Nicholson 's famous monologue from A Few Good Men ( and if you have n't seen it , that 's a crime against decency ) . The quote is Nicholson 's Col. Nathan R. Jessup , standing trial for ordering the brutal killing of another solider . Jessup justifies a secret `` Code Red '' order attacking an American Marine on the grounds that , as Slate 's Ben Mathis-Lilley eloquently puts it , `` 'grotesque ' men and unsavory violence are necessary to protect the border between civilization and chaos . ''
Here 's the full monologue :
`` Son , we live in a world that has walls , and those walls have to be guarded by men with guns . Who 's gon na do it ? You ? You , Lt. Weinburg ? I have a greater responsibility than you could possibly fathom . You weep for Santiago , and you curse the Marines . You have that luxury . You have the luxury of not knowing what I know . That Santiago 's death , while tragic , probably saved lives . And my existence , while grotesque and incomprehensible to you , saves lives . You do n't want the truth because deep down in places you do n't talk about at parties , you want me on that wall , you need me on that wall . We use words like honor , code , loyalty . We use these words as the backbone of a life spent defending something . You use them as a punchline . I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide , and then questions the manner in which I provide it . I would rather you just said thank you , and went on your way , Otherwise , I suggest you pick up a weapon , and stand a post . Either way , I do n't give a damn what you think you are entitled to . ''
Wow , wrong : Given the heightened level of mistrust directed toward law enforcement agencies across the country and anxiety over police brutality against unarmed civilians , choosing a quote of Jessup angrily arguing that he , a uniformed servant of the people , is justified working above and beyond the law because their existence , `` while grotesque and incomprehensible to you , saves lives , '' is the absolute wrong choice for a police department allegedly attempting to `` rebuild trust '' with civilians . How NYPD commanding officer Edward Winski , who allegedly posted and then deleted this tweet , thought this was a good idea for Motivational Monday is beyond comprehension .
This may seem like a drop in the bucket , but it speaks to a larger issue . The USA Today/Pew Research Center Poll released in August , well before the Garner verdict , found that 65 % of respondents said police did `` only a fair '' or a poor job in holding police officers accountable when misconduct occurs , compared with 30 % who say they do an excellent or good job . In the wake of Michael Brown 's death in Ferguson , Missouri , there 's a deep divide along racial lines — more than 9 out of 10 blacks thought cops did an `` only fair '' or poor job when it came to `` equal treatment and appropriate force '' — but more Americans than ever before see the criminal justice system as inherently flawed in how it treats white and black Americans .
It 's worth noting here that yes , police officers , as the primary agents of law enforcement , have an incomprehensibly difficult job which involves exposing themselves to danger and uncertainty on the streets of American cities . But the slogan of most law enforcement agencies is `` to protect and serve , '' a testament to the fact that police forces exist to serve the people , not to exist as some autonomous agency free from criticism .
It 's tweets like this that reinforce the idea of police forces as above the law , above scrutiny and above accountability . It 's the same logic that underpins the St. Louis Police Department 's demand that the St. Louis Rams apologize for taking the field with the `` hands up , do n't shoot '' gesture in early December , or the Cleveland police union 's anger over a Browns player 's Tamir Rice T-shirt — especially when documents and video suggest that the Cleveland PD is likely at fault for giving a trigger-happy officer a firearm and setting them loose on the streets of Cleveland .
The problem comes down to respect . Respect , as Gawker 's Max Read put it , `` is a reciprocal relationship . It is not the awed veneration of cops that prosecutors and grand juries apparently feel . It is built on trust and understanding and it must be continuously maintained . It is not ... a shield to be wielded by the state against the righteous anger of its citizens . '' But instead of respect , police forces around the country continue to sneer at the citizens they have sworn to protect , to treat the use of force as a God-given right then a legally bestowed responsibility . That NYPD tweet is more than a tone-deaf response : It 's an affirmation that the cultural problems in American police forces run deep , and they ca n't simply be fixed by marches and rallies .
The general slogan of police forces across America is `` to protect and serve , '' not `` to intimidate and sneer . '' It seems that the NYPD , despite its vaunted title of `` New York City 's Finest , '' ca n't seem to handle that simple truth .
Story highlights Afghan Ministry of Defense names assailant as academy member named Rafiullah
Army chief of staff confirms death of Maj. Gen. Harold Greene
Afghan soldier believed to be shooter , says Pentagon spokesperson
Analyst : `` It creates a crisis of confidence for the Afghans and for us ''
It was a brazen attack , resulting in the death of the most senior U.S. officer since 9/11 , and officials have named the attacker as a member of Afghan 's military .
Maj. Gen. Harold Greene -- a longtime officer who was leading efforts to train soldiers in Afghanistan -- was killed Tuesday at a military training facility in Kabul .
An ISAF official said that the group was standing outside , and the attacker , who has been identified by the Afghan Ministry of Defense as an academy member named Rafiullah , shot from inside a nearby building at a distance of about 100 yards .
The assailant had served in the academy for two and a half years , Zahir Azimi , an Afghan Ministry of Defense spokesperson , told CNN .
Pentagon officials went out of their way to say the shooting would not change the relationship between U.S. and Afghan forces .
`` I 've seen no indication that there 's a degradation of trust between coalition members and their Afghan counterparts , '' Pentagon spokesperson Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters Tuesday .
But the deadly ambush at a premier training facility for Afghan military officers raises questions about the vetting process for Afghan soldiers and also the upcoming handover of security to Afghan forces .
JUST WATCHED U.S. general killed in Afghanistan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. general killed in Afghanistan 03:34
JUST WATCHED Deadly enemies , disguised as allies Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Deadly enemies , disguised as allies 03:06
JUST WATCHED Dan Rather : 'This is the price of war ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dan Rather : 'This is the price of war ' 01:30
`` When something like this happens , in the least it creates a crisis of confidence for Afghans and for us , '' said Vali Nasr , dean of the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University .
So far , the Taliban has acknowledged the general 's killing , but has n't claimed responsibility for it .
The Afghan Ministry of Defense continues to investigate the incident .
The Pentagon is n't commenting on the possibility of Taliban involvement , saying the Afghan military and international forces are in the early stages of an investigation .
JUST WATCHED Remembering Maj. Gen. Harold Greene Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Remembering Maj. Gen. Harold Greene 04:40
Nasr told CNN 's `` The Situation Room '' that the attack raises serious concerns as the United States prepares to withdraw forces from Afghanistan .
`` The Taliban have proven today they can infiltrate this force at will , '' they said . `` The discipline we are seeking or that we are claiming is not there , and I think it is very difficult for the administration to say that everything is going according to plan , as if this is just an isolated incident and we can just leave . ''
But it 's still unclear whether the gunman had Taliban ties and whether they slipped through the military 's screening process , said Philip Mudd , a CNN counterterrorism analyst and former CIA official .
`` I do n't think we should look and make judgments about the vetting process too quickly , '' they said . `` You would think on the surface that maybe they were recruited by the Taliban . That 's not necessarily the case . ''
Witnessing the horrors of war sometimes inspires soldiers to turn against their onetime allies , they said .
JUST WATCHED U.S. general killed in Afghan attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. general killed in Afghan attack 03:31
`` He might have seen something in the last months or years ... and sometimes there is an emotional switch that turns on after their recruitment , after their vetting , that leads them to say , ' I want to do something about this . I 'm going to kill someone in the U.S. military , ' '' Mudd said .
'Routine visit ' turns deadly
The attack occurred during a routine visit to the Marshal Fahim National Defense University in Kabul to look at improvements made at the school , Kirby said . In addition to the general 's slaying , up to 15 coalition troops were wounded in the shooting rampage .
The shooter was wearing an Afghan military uniform and is believed to be someone who had served for some time in a unit of the Afghan armed forces , Kirby said .
`` A person that we believe was an Afghan soldier opened fire and hit many with their weapon , '' they said .
The Afghan Defense Ministry described the shooter as a `` terrorist '' and said Afghan soldiers shot them dead .
General helped lead training
Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno released a condolence statement confirming Greene 's death .
`` Our thoughts and prayers are with Maj. Gen. Harold J. Greene 's family , and the families of our soldiers who were injured today in the tragic events that took place in Afghanistan , '' Odierno said in the statement , referring to other officers who were hurt .
`` These soldiers were professionals , committed to the mission . It is their service and sacrifice that define us as an Army. ``
Kirby , the Pentagon spokesperson , described the general as a very experienced officer who was a leader in the training command in Afghanistan . They were an expert in infrastructure and logistics , Kirby said .
Gen. Martin E. Dempsey , chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , expressed condolences on their official Facebook page Tuesday night .
`` We serve , and where we serve we are often at risk , '' they said . `` God bless those wounded and killed in Afghanistan yesterday and their families . ''
Insider attacks : ' A threat you ca n't completely eliminate '
This is n't the first time people dressed in Afghan security forces uniforms have attacked coalition forces who have worked to thwart such violence .
`` The insider threat is one that we 've been focused on for quite some time . ... It is a threat you ca n't completely eliminate , '' Kirby told CNN .
But it 's a threat that can be mitigated , they said . And officials stress that statistics show that the numbers of such attacks have decreased .
In 2012 , so-called `` green on blue '' insider attacks took the lives of dozens of coalition troops , and the U.S. command in Kabul halted some joint operations with Afghan security forces , CNN has previously reported .
Two attackers wearing Afghan military uniforms killed two U.S. service members in February in Afghanistan , the military publication Stars and Stripes reported
In October 2013 , a man in an Afghan soldier 's uniform shot and killed an ISAF member in eastern Afghanistan , CNN reported
According to an April 2014 Pentagon report , insider attacks against ISAF forces declined from 48 attacks in 2012 to 15 attacks in 2013 . In the first quarter of 2014 , there were two insider attacks against ISAF .
`` Despite this sharp decline , these attacks may still have strategic effects on the campaign and could jeopardize the relationship between coalition and ANSF [ Afghan National Security Forces ] personnel , '' the report reads .
Kirby called insider attacks `` a pernicious threat '' that are `` difficult to always ascertain , to come to grips with ... anywhere , particularly in a place like Afghanistan . ''
`` Afghanistan is still a war zone , '' they said .
Numerous security protocols were instituted a few years ago to help ensure military personnel are safe , White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said . The United States will review the circumstances of Tuesday 's shooting to see if any changes should be made .
White House : Attack is 'painful reminder ' of troops ' sacrifice
President Barack Obama was briefed about the shooting and called Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , to get more information , Earnest said .
`` While we have made tremendous progress in disrupting , dismantling and defeating al Qaeda operations and leadership in Afghanistan and progress in winding down U.S. involvement in that conflict , this shooting , of course , is a painful reminder of the service and sacrifice that our men and women in uniform make every day for this country , '' Earnest said .
In February , the Obama administration announced for the first time that it had begun planning for the possible withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2014 if Afghanistan did not sign a security agreement pertaining to rights of U.S. troops operating there .
They called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan after the end of 2014 , along with some allied forces . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a `` normal '' embassy security contingent .
Kirby told reporters Tuesday that Afghan National Security Forces `` continue to perform at a very strong level of competence and confidence , and warfare capability . ''
The U.S. military feels that the Afghan military `` grows stronger by the week '' and noted that they are already `` in the lead in combat missions '' throughout the country , they said .
`` They 'll be completely in the lead for military operations by the end of the year , '' Kirby said . `` We see no change in that . ''
Loughnane likely to be replaced by Tony Nutt , who left Tony Abbott 's office amid reports of conflict with former chief of staff Peta Credlin , Loughnane 's wife
Brian Loughnane , the long-time director of the federal Liberal party and husband of Tony Abbott 's former chief of staff , Peta Credlin , is about to step down , News Corp publications have reported .
Party elder Tony Nutt who has helped guide Malcolm Turnbull 's transition into the prime ministership , is widely tipped to take on the director 's role . The handover is expected to take place before the federal election , due next year .
The minister for cities and the built environment , Jamie Briggs , paid tribute to Loughnane , who has been director of the federal party since 2003 .
“ Brian Loughnane has done an outstanding job for the Liberal party for more than three decades , and so what decision Brian takes with their career will be up to Brian , ” Briggs told Sky News on Wednesday . “ Likewise , Tony Nutt is a legend of the Liberal party ; he 's one of the elders of the party , and they are someone that many of us look to for guidance . ”
Nutt worked with John Howard while they were prime minister . They helped the Liberal party to victory in the Victoria and NSW state elections of 2010 and 2015 respectively .
Nutt worked with Abbott shortly after the 2013 federal election , but left amid reports of clashes with Credlin . .
Peta Credlin : I want to do something where I get my own voice Read more
Abbott , who was ousted as prime minister last month , staunchly defended Credlin and Loughnane in the face of party discontent .
Leaked emails in February showed that then federal Liberal party treasurer Philip Higginson thought the closeness between Credlin and Loughnane was hurting the Liberal party .
“ It immediately brings about the cessation of open communication to the federal director , contributes to wooden and unreliable communication , and a reluctance towards open and trusting lines of communication and , dare I say it , retribution , ” Higginson wrote .
“ In corporate Australia , the chairperson of the board would never allow their EA [ executive assistant ] to be wife of the managing director , or the managing director would never allow their EA to be the wife of the chairperson , ” said Higginson . “ I am overwhelmed daily by the sheer vitriol and pent-up animosities and enmities that exist , and we are all personally affected by it and contributing to it , the longer the conflict of interest exists . ”
Guardian Australia has contacted the federal branch of the Liberal party for comment .
We 've already pointed out that the collateral damage from Anonymous ' latest online raid—the release of more than 2 gigs of email and other data from Puckett and Faraj , the law firm that represented the squad leader responsible for the Haditha massacre—included some unlikely targets . Now one of the partners of the firm has announced on their Facebook page that they support Anonymous ' goals , and once even offered to defend Anony-hero Bradley Manning .
Haytham Faraj , one of the partners in Puckett and Faraj , posted this response to the hack on Facebook page :
Anonymous hacked into my business email account and stole over 3 gigs of email communications . Ironically , I am a supporter of Anonymous ' declared mission of exposing corruption , injustice , hypocrisy and governments acting in secret . I also supported Wikileaks . I volunteered to defend Bradley Manning and did a 30 minute interview on BBC TV about him . Anonymous will not find a smoking gun in the Haditha emails . In fact they will discover that which I stated all along . Wuterich did not shoot or kill women and children . They were entitled to a defense like everyone else in a free society . By putting my emails in the public sphere Anonymous did not violate my privacy . There is nothing in those emails about me . It violated the privacy rights of hundreds , perhaps thousands of other people who were entitled to their privacy by publishing their personal email and telephone information , to disclosing private and personal information that clients share with lawyers believing that the information will remain private and confidential . I am upset by Anonymous ' thoughtless acts .
It 's a remarkably reasoned and restrained comeback , given the circumstances .
Included in the data dump are emails from Mark Zaid and Kel McClanahan , two attorneys who have extensive experience suing the CIA and other federal agencies under the Freedom of Information Act and are tireless opponents of government secrecy .
The emails also reveal that Faraj was attempting to establish a task force devoted to identify and tracking Israeli soldiers who have engaged in war crimes . In a 2009 email message to a blogger who had been posting photographs of Israelis who participated in the invasion of Gaza , Haytham wrote :
I want to form an organization that will collect the names and specific evidence on each one of the soldiers and officers in Operation Cast Lead along with the July war in Lebanon , Jenin in 2000 , Qana 1996 , and every other campaign or operation where Israeli war crimes were committed . The purpose of my project will be to collect sufficient competent evidence on each individual so as to be able to have a court of competent authority issue an arrest warrant for the participants in war crimes .... I already have several people : attorneys and IT experts who have committed to working on this . I eventually want to be able to raise sufficient funds to hire full time staffs and perhaps pay rewards to international bounty hunters who can grab Israelis who have warrants issued for them .
That sounds like the sort of initiative that Anonymous leader Sabu , who has repeatedly criticized Israel on their Twitter feed and called for fellow hackers to `` disrupt their infrastructure , '' might want to get behind .
[ Image via Getty ]
I like to think that archive rebuilds play an important role in Debian Quality Assurance and Release Management efforts . By trying to rebuild every Debian package from source , one can identify packages that do not build anymore due to changes in other packages ( compilers , interpreters , libraries , … ) . It is also a good way to stress-test all packages that are involved in building other packages .
Since 2007 , I had been running Debian archive rebuilds on the Grid'5000 testbed , a research infrastructure for performing experiments on distributed systems – HPC/Grid/Cloud/P2P . I filed more than 6000 release-critical bugs in the process .
Late last year , Amazon kindly offered us a grant to allow us to run such QA tests on Amazon Web Services . With SÃ©bastien Badia , we ported the rebuild infrastructure to AWS ( scripts ) , and several rebuilds have already been carried out on AWS .
On the technical level , 50 to 100 EC2 spot instances are started , and then controlled from a master instance using SSH . On build instances , a classic sbuild setup is used . Logs are retrieved to the master node after rebuilds , and build instances are simply shut down when there are no more tasks to process . Several tasks are processed simultaneously on each instance , and when they fail , they are retried again with no other concurrent build on the same instance , to eliminate random failures caused by load or timing issues . All the scripts are designed to support other kind of QA tests , not just rebuilds .
Moving to Amazon Web Services will facilitate sharing the human workload of doing those tests . It is now possible for developers interested in custom tests to do them themselves ( hint hint ) .
NEW YORKThe ASPCA® ( The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals® ) was notified today about a voluntary pet food recall issued by The Blue Buffalo Company . The affected products include Wilderness Chicken Dog food , Basics Salmon Dog food and Large Breed Adult Dog products . Recent reports have indicated that these recipes may contain higher levels of vitamin D , which can cause hypercalcemia , a serious , if not fatal illness in dogs .
Blue Buffalo products are widely distributed at pet specialty stores as well as other retail and wholesale outlets . Additional information regarding the Blue Buffalo pet food recall can be found at http : //bluebuffalo.com/news/vitamin-d-voluntary-recall.shtml .
“ The ASPCA advises concerned pet owners who use Blue Buffalo products to contact the company with any questions related to their products and monitor their pets for signs of illness , ” says Dr. Camille DeClementi , Veterinarian and Senior Toxicologist at the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center . “ Should pet owners notice symptoms such as increased thirst , urination , stomach upset or loss of appetite , they should consult their veterinarian or contact the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center for help . ”
Hypercalcemia is a serious illness that affects the electrolytes in the body and can disrupt normal organ function . Serious cases can result in acute renal failure and cause damage to the heart or central nervous system . Coma and death have occurred in untreated cases .
“ The ASPCA strongly advises pet owners to discuss any potential symptoms with their veterinarian and not to diagnose or treat their pet at home , ” adds Dr. DeClementi .
Veterinary professionals can find additional information about hypercalcemia in dogs at www.aspca.org/pet-care/dog-care/hypercalcemia.html or www.avma.org or call the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center at 888-426-4435 . A $ 65 consultation fee may apply .
Related cases may be reported to the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) through their web portal at https : //www.safetyreporting.hhs.gov/fpsr/WorkflowLoginIO.aspx ? metinstance=0BE019FB3B40EF9AF2E847B6A5720CD71A56C11D .
“ You may have reached that point in your career where you 're middle management , you 've done many things right , you 've had some failures that you 've learned from , [ and ] you could be molded into thinking you 've figured some things out , ” says Michael Desiderio , executive director of the Executive MBA Council , a nonprofit association that works with more than 200 universities and colleges that offer executive MBA programs .
“ You think there are some things you know , and you quickly figure out your peers can help you identify what you do n't know by asking challenging questions that you would n't have even thought of , because you have one frame of reference , ” they add . “ It completely changes how you think about enterprise and business . ”
Executive MBA programs–designed for senior professionals who have at least seven years of experience–have been a way for managers to develop an edge in their business acumen . Depending on the program , training consists of rethinking standard leadership practices and management structures , and immersing students in specific foreign cultures with programs catering to new professions , like a wine-intensive MBA program .
The thing is , if you 're going to cultivate exceptional leaders , you 're going to need some innovative training . Enter improvisational classes , which may not be the first thing that comes to mind when putting together an executive MBA curriculum , but Desiderio says can be very effective in helping leaders identify–and admit–their deficiencies . So much so that dozens of mega companies , like Google , PepsiCo , and McKinsey have included improv sessions in their own corporate training .
Image copyright Getty Images
About 700,000 eggs have been sent to the UK from potentially contaminated Dutch farms , up from an early estimate of 21,000 , the food watchdog has said .
The Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) said it was very unlikely that there was a risk to public health .
However , 11 products containing egg - including sandwiches and salads - have been withdrawn from supermarkets .
Dutch police have now arrested two people suspected of using the insecticide fipronil .
The FSA said the 700,000 figures represented 0.007 % of eggs eaten in the UK each year .
What do we know about the Europe egg scare ?
It added that in the UK , the Dutch eggs were not sold as shell eggs but used in foods with many other ingredients - mostly sandwich fillings or other chilled foods .
It said traces of fipronil - which can be harmful to humans - were mixed with other eggs so chemical residues would be `` highly diluted '' .
The British Egg Industry Council said shell eggs on sale to consumers in the UK were not affected .
It said : `` All major UK retailers stock British Lion shell eggs and tests have shown that there is no risk from British eggs . ''
Withdrawn egg products
Sainsbury 's ham and egg salad ( 240g ) use by 9-14 August 2017
Sainsbury 's potato and egg salad ( 300g ) use by 9-14 August
Morrisons potato and egg salad ( 250g ) use by up to 13 August
Morrisons egg and cress sandwich ( sold in Morrisons Cafe only ) use by up to and including 11 August
Morrisons cafe sandwich selection ( sold in Morrisons Cafe only ) use by up to and including 11 August
Waitrose free range egg mayonnaise deli filler ( 240g ) use by 13 and 16 August
Waitrose free range reduced fat egg mayonnaise deli filler ( 170g ) use by 14 August
Waitrose free range egg and bacon deli filler ( 170g ) use by 14 and 16 August
Asda baby potato and free range egg salad ( 270g ) use by 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 and 14 August
Asda spinach and free range egg snack pot ( 110g ) use by 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 August
Asda FTG ham and cheddar ploughman 's salad bowl ( 320g ) use by 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 August
Source : FSA ( 10 August )
Scandal 'is n't over '
Twenty tonnes of insecticide-tainted eggs have been sold in Denmark , the country 's food safety authority says .
Denmark is believed to be the tenth country to be affected , with Romania and Luxembourg among the latest to report finding contaminated products .
Supermarkets in Belgium , the Netherlands and Germany have withdrawn millions of eggs from sale .
In the UK , processed foods containing eggs , including sandwiches and salads , have been recalled from Sainsbury 's , Morrisons , Waitrose and Asda .
The FSA initially thought far fewer eggs - 21,000 - had been distributed to the UK from implicated farms between March and June this year .
Prof Chris Elliott , of the Institute for Global Food Security at Queen 's University Belfast , said it was not surprising that the figure had increased by so much - and warned `` the scandal is n't over yet '' .
`` Often when these food scandals start to break , you start to get dribbles of information , '' they told BBC Radio 4 's PM programme .
`` And as the authorities in Belgium and Holland get more information they pass that onto our own Food Standards Agency .
`` The potential is that number of 700,000 could increase quite a bit yet , '' they added .
Should I stop eating eggs ?
Image copyright AFP
By James Gallagher , health and science reporter , BBC News
Fipronil should not be allowed anywhere near food .
But the risk from eggs is thought to be low , because the number of contaminated eggs is also low .
While 700,000 eggs sounds like a lot , it is worth remembering we eat 34 million every single day in the UK .
It is why the Food Standards Agency says it is `` very unlikely '' there is any health risk .
Many of the affected eggs will have already passed through the food chain before anyone was aware of the scandal .
And the FSA has now pulled egg sandwiches and egg salads off the shelves that were made while contaminated eggs were still being imported .
It insisted there is `` no need '' for people to stop eating eggs .
Fipronil , which is used to kill lice and ticks on animals , can damage people 's kidneys , liver and thyroid glands if eaten in large quantities .
Heather Hancock , FSA chairperson , said it was not `` something to worry about '' and that any health impact was unlikely .
`` These are n't eggs that are in people 's fridges in the UK , these are eggs that have gone into the food chain and the level of risk to public health is very low , '' they told BBC Radio 4 's World at One programme .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How safe are Dutch eggs to eat ?
In an update on Thursday , the FSA said : `` Some of the products made from these eggs will have had a short shelf life and will have already been consumed , however , we identified some that were still within the expiry date . ''
The FSA said decision to withdraw the products was not due to food safety concerns but based on the fact that the pesticide is not authorised for use in food-producing animals .
It added : `` While in some European countries eggs containing fipronil residues have been sold as fresh eggs , in the UK this is not the case . ''
Aldi and Lidl stores in Germany are among the supermarkets to remove eggs from their shelves , in a move Aldi described as `` purely precautionary '' . Eggs sold in its UK stores were British , Aldi said .
It follows a joint investigation by Dutch and Belgian police of several premises thought to be using the substance , which can harm humans and is banned in food production .
The Netherlands is Europe 's biggest egg producer - and one of the largest exporters of eggs and egg products in the world .
The problem first surfaced earlier in August , when Aldi withdrew all its eggs from sale in Germany .
It has since emerged Belgian officials knew about the contamination in June , but did not make the information public .
More than 100 poultry farms have been closed during the investigation , and 26 suspects identified and evidence seized from their companies .
It is thought that fipronil was added to disinfectant used on some chicken farms .
The UK produces 85 % of the eggs it consumes but imports almost two billion annually , the FSA said .
Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
Miles Willis / Stringer
The Scottish government has pledged to phase out new petrol and diesel cars and vans across Scotland by 2032 , eight years ahead of the UK Government target .
Nicola Sturgeon outlined plans to `` massively expand '' charging points and set up pilot projects to encourage uptake of electric vehicles .
The SNP leader also said there were plans to make the A9 Scotland 's first fully electric-enabled road and that an innovation fund would be set up to encourage climate-change solutions such as charging vehicles in areas with a high concentration of tenements .
`` Our aim is for new petrol and diesel cars and vans to be phased out in Scotland by 2032 , '' Ms Sturgeon said .
In July , Britain said it would halt the production of new petrol and diesel cars from 2040 to cut pollution .
The plans replicate those already made by France and cities such as Madrid , Mexico City and Athens .
The Government said the commitment was necessary due to the avoidable impact poor air quality was having on people 's health .
Jesse Norman , the parliamentary under-secretary at the Department for Transport , confirmed the government 's plans .
`` The Government has a manifesto commitment for almost all cars and vans on our roads to be zero emission by 2050 . We believe this would necessitate all new cars and van being zero emission vehicles by 2040 , '' Mr Norman said in a written answer to the Commons .
It comes after Sadiq Khan , the London Mayor , pledged that London 's entire transport system would become zero emission by 2050 , with a `` zero emission zone '' by 2025 .
All taxis and minicabs in the capital will be non-polluting by 2033 while the entire bus fleet will be zero emission by 2037 , the mayor 's office said .
Labor Day , according to the US Department of Labor is “ dedicated to the social and economic achievements of American workers ” and as a “ national tribute to the contributions workers have made to the strength , prosperity , and well-being of our country . ”
Holidays should be deployed to remind the populace of that which normally escapes public notice .
While true , there is a major missing component in this tribute : capital .
Show me a worker laboring without any contributions from capital and I 'll show you naked primitives feeding off berries and dead carcasses . Every advance in the standard of living is built on a foundation of both labor and the deferred consumption ( capital creation ) that permits the creation of tools to augment laboring efforts .
Capital Awareness
Holidays should be deployed to remind the populace of that which normally escapes public notice . This is exactly why we need a “ Capital Day ” . Although capital surrounds us , it is too often ignored , like the air we breathe , and like air , our society would be dead without it .
The fact that most of you are now probably scratching your heads and wondering what possible role capital has played is all the more reason to have such a holiday . Yes , workers perform the labor needed to drive the engine of commerce , but they do not do so in a vacuum . Who paid for the building that they work in ? The equipment and tools they use ? Their wages ? No one asks these questions . It is somehow assumed these are exogenous resources simply laying about waiting to be donned by the heroic laborer .
No , they are not manna from heaven . The capitalist provides them by virtue of having deferred consumption and thus saving resources . That savings ( capital ) allows them to pay others to build the tools needed to enhance the capacity and efficiency of the worker in their role as laborer .
Capital Empowers Labor
The machinist creates multiple cars in a day using tools , the material handler moves tons of goods with a forklift , the office worker performs millions of operations a day with their computer , and so on .
Let us never forget the importance of both . Here 's to Capital Day !
And when done performing those tasks the workers are paid long before the revenue generated from their labor returns to the capitalist – paying someone for their service so far in advance of revenue generated from that activity necessitates that money , capital , be saved and available . Without capital every newly hired worker would have to wait weeks or months before receiving their first paycheck .
The market capitalist ( as opposed to the cronyist political capitalist who partners with government in order to gain advantage ) risks all . For every success , dozens more fail and lose everything .
Capitalists are not mere fat cats earning a living off the sweat of the laborer – no , they play an important and vital role just as the laborer does . They provide and coordinate the resources needed by laborer to actually labor . It is a partnership , but one where one partner is honored , while the other is at best perplexingly ignored or at worst , reviled .
Let us never forget the importance of both . Here 's to Capital Day !
--
Greg Morin is the CEO of Seachem Laboratories which manufactures equipment and chemicals used in the maintenance of saltwater and freshwater aquariums . They hold a PhD in chemistry from the University of Notre Dame and maintains a personal blog at gregmorin.com .
This article was originally published on FEE.org . Read the original article .
Reprinted from the author 's blog .
A case for `` Capital Day '' was first made by FEE 's president Lawrence Reed .
Let me first make the disclaimer that I know great people who work with HuffPo , who have done really good work there . I 've even celebrated some of that work in print over at the Columbia Journalism Review . Nonetheless , let me break down the reasons behind my five-years-plus boycott of the site as both a reader and writer .
1 .
They make an enormous profit off of unpaid writers , as was revealed when AOL bought them in 2011 . ( Yes , some people at HuffPo are paid , but the bulk of their content does n't come from them . ) For a profitable company to standardize this system raises my ire . The utter disrespect they have for writers was revealed when one of their unpaid writers broke the story when President Obama , during the 2008 campaign , made a comment about rural people `` clinging to guns and religion . '' HuffPo thought enough of that story to nominate it for a Pulitzer Prize . They did n't get it , but the blogger reasonably took this as an opportunity to ask to be paid for their work : they steadily covered electoral politics in a consistent and ethical way for them -- real reporting , not commentary . They gave them the run-around for at least a year or so on that question , during which the writer continued to give them free stories , before they got frustrated and quit , with a public letter about why . Later , when asked for comment , The Huffington Post 's spokesperson said coldly : `` Mayhill Fowler says that they are 'resigning ' from the Huffington Post . How do you resign from a job you never had ? ''
I compare that with seriously shoestring publications I 've written for , especially early on , that managed to cough up $ 30 , or $ 75 or $ 100 for a story I wrote . ( I 'm looking at you , you blessed Bitch Magazine : the kickass publication that happened to be the first place with a national audience to publish me ) . Those small checks were nowhere near compensation that matched the time I put into the piece , but they were a gesture of respect that I really valued . They made me feel taken seriously as a writer , working in partnership with editors that I , in turn , respected . It made me want to up my game for them .
At times , The Huffington Post tiptoed into the possibility of investing in writing in a serious way -- they began an investigative fund for in-depth reporting in 2009 . But it was wrapped up rather quickly . Not much more than a year after its launch , the investigative fund was given over to the Center for Public Integrity . It was n't , apparently , worth it .
2 .
Not paying writers , while profiting from their work , is n't just insulting , it produces -- surprise ! -- worse content . It underscores that good journalism , or good commentary , is not the purpose of the site . ( The opportunism of the site is echoed in Arianna Huffington 's own trajectory : they are , not long ago , a staunch and popular conservative before founding this supposedly progressive site . )
Hence , Huffington Post 's famous role in aggregating the stories that paid writers produce at newspapers and magazines -- all the while mocking those `` old media '' outlets for being out of touch with the internet . The site takes advantage of the work of these `` old-school reporters '' -- also known as `` reporters '' -- in a manner that amounts to another way of profiting from work it wo n't pay for . As this good editorial in The New Republic notes , aggregation is n't inherently evil , and can be a lot of fun . ( Hell , I do it here at Isak with the Literary & Media Indulgences . ) But when it comes with relatively small investment in original work , and a decidedly un-generous attitude towards the publications it depends upon , it reveals a skewed sense of priorities at HuffPo .
Hence , those sleazy gossipy stories that make up so much of the site , serving as nothing but linkbait , thickened with more search engine optimization than facts .
Hence , all those articles by people who are n't paid by HuffPo , but are paid by someone else -- and are basically just promoting their product , or nonprofit , or business . A lot of press releases are in the stew over there .
Hence , the wealth of well-meaning but un-edited stories that just are n't that good .
Notably , even if a free blogger is very good , they usually do n't even get the `` exposure '' that HuffPo promises them , presuming it is valuable enough that it will pay the blogger 's rent . Stories that are n't featured on the homepage are rarely seen , as HuffPo readers do n't read particularly deep into the site ( a trend directly related to the site 's thin content ) . Those stories by free bloggers are typically viewed by direct links that the blogger themselves shares around .
3 .
All this , and then the site 's leaders have the nerve to talk about themselves as if they are the wave of the future , some innovative new media phenomenon that is leaving others in the dust ! Sorry , but profiting off of free labor is as old as the hills . And sorry again , but this model is , largely , not producing consistently good work -- and what 's more , I do n't believe they even care that it 's not very good .
4 .
For what it 's worth , I 'm not anti-internet journalism , or even anti-writing-for-free . I do both of those myself everyday , though on the latter , I am very selective . I write for free on Isak , of course ( though , ahem , donations are welcome ! See the 'support Isak ' box in the middle column to the right ) . It 's been a For what it 's worth , I 'm not anti-internet journalism , or even anti-writing-for-free . I do both of those myself everyday , though on the latter , I am very selective . I write for free on Isak , of course ( though , ahem , donations are welcome ! See the 'support Isak ' box in the middle column to the right ) . It 's been a saving grace for me for seven years . I occasionally freely write for outlets that I admire , that treat writers well , are non-profit , and will allow me to do a story I ca n't do anywhere else . I wrote , for example , my long story on the African Writers ' Series for the Los Angeles Review of Books for free , and my piece on Muriel Rukeyser and the re-discovery of literature by women writer s for free . I really wanted to do these stories , I like these magazines , and so I went for it .
But these are thoughtfully-chosen exceptions .
I ca n't respect a publication that does n't respect its own writers and , by extension , its readers . If we want to live in a culture that embraces facts , good storytelling , informed commentary and public debate ( as well as labor rights ! ) , we 've got to realize that those things do n't just emerge accidentally .
Publications , writers , and yes , readers too , have got to prioritize them in the choices we make . Invest our time , attention , and money toward a media that makes our world better , substantively , on the ground . Besides , I think , being the moral thing to do , it is simply more fun -- truth is interesting !
This gorgeous and strange and hard world deserves good media shedding light upon it in an ethical way . My little personal boycott of the HuffPo is because it does not .
See also :
WASHINGTON — Top Hillary Clinton supporters are keeping the kid gloves on — for now — as they deal with a defiant Bernie Sanders , despite rising worries that the Vermont senator 's continued crusade is hurting the party 's chances in November .
“ I know that Bernie 's going to be there , and Bernie has just as strong of feelings that Donald Trump should not be president as I do , as Hillary does , as all of us , ” said Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio , a Clinton supporter considered a potential vice-presidential running mate .
This equanimity in the face of an increasingly troublesome campaign by Sanders underscores the delicacy of the current moment : Clinton and their backers do n't want to alienate the nearly 10 million voters who 've rallied to Sanders . They also ca n't afford to let Sanders damage Clinton as they attempt to pivot to a general-election matchup with Trump .
Advertisement
New polls out Sunday showing Clinton and Trump in a dead heat nationally only increased Democrats ' anxiety .
Get Ground Game in your inbox : Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
The stakes are high for Sanders as well . It is almost impossible for them to win enough delegates to clinch the nomination .
How they navigate the final weeks of the primary campaign will determine if the next chapter of their political life is titled “ Progressive Powerbroker ” or “ Senate Pariah . ”
If they meet the party 's calls to marshal their troops to Clinton 's defense in November , they would return to the Senate wielding new influence , thanks to their passionate followers , which they could use to pursue the issues they raised on the campaign trail , observers say . If they play the part of a spoiler , they could find themselves crowned the Ted Cruz of the left — despised by their colleagues , with little ability to get anything accomplished .
Tensions between the Sanders campaign and the Democratic establishment flared last week in the wake of a chaotic state party convention in Nevada . Party leaders called on Sanders to condemn their supporters ' disruptive behavior . Sanders , instead , doubled down on the complaints that their supporters have n't been treated fairly — though they did include a brief condemnation of “ any and all forms of violence . ”
Advertisement
Sanders ' handling of the Nevada mess upset many Democrats , but most have kept their emotions in check , offering perhaps a few words of disappointment followed by sunny statements that Sanders will do the right thing sooner or later .
“ I 'm not blaming Bernie on this one . I think they felt an understandable need to defend their supporters , and I think what happened in Nevada is an aberration , ” said Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri , an early Clinton endorser .
McCaskill even critiqued the Democratic leader who has pummeled Sanders the hardest , Democratic National Committee chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
The DNC chief slammed Sanders as failing to more fully condemn their supporters ' violence and intimidation in their post-Nevada statement , “ and instead added more fuel to the fire , ” as they said on CNN .
“ The confrontational aspect of it I did n't think was particularly helpful , ” McCaskill said .
Advertisement
Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , a Clinton ally also generating VP buzz , said Sanders ' post-Nevada statement “ was n't their best moment. ” The bad behavior “ should just be condemned straight out and plain , and the notion that well it 's really the party 's fault — I was disappointed in that , ” said Kaine , a former DNC chairperson .
“ But I do n't have any doubt that , I think , relatively quickly , Bernie is going to get solidly on board , ” they added .
But beneath the friendly words , a sharp warning to Sanders from Democrats pokes through : Their patience is waning .
“ I believe we should follow the [ primary ] process to the end , ” said Maryland Senator Barbara Mikulski , another Clinton supporter . “ Bernie needs to do the math then . They also have to really affirm their own principles , that when they signed up to be a Democrat , finally , a few months ago , they signed up for the rules of the Democratic Party . ”
And it is no accident that Clinton chose last week to declare themselves the presumptive Democratic nominee .
“ I will be the nominee for my party , ” Clinton said in a CNN interview Thursday . “ There is no way I wo n't be . ”
“ I have 3 million more votes . In the case of Senator Obama and myself [ in 2008 ] , it was neck and neck in the popular vote , ” Clinton said on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” on Sunday . “ And I want to spend a lot of my time , as you 've seen me do , really taking on Trump . ”
Sanders is n't ready to take the hint . After Clinton 's Thursday declaration , their campaign spokesperson hit back by saying that “ millions of Americans have growing doubts about the Clinton campaign . ”
“ The objective evidence is our campaign is the strongest candidate , campaign to beat Trump , ” Sanders said in an interview Sunday on ABC 's “ This Week . ”
“ I do n't want to see the American people voting for the lesser of two evils , ” they continued , saying that is how voters see a Clinton-Trump matchup .
Also on Sunday , Sanders endorsed Wasserman Schultz 's Democratic primary opponent in their South Florida congressional district , Tim Canova , and put a fund-raising appeal for Canova on Sanders ' prodigious donor list . Sanders said that if they are elected president , they would replace Wasserman Schultz as DNC chief .
Sticking to the defiant path is not without major risks for Sanders . Before the campaign , Sanders was something of a gadfly , with a short list of legislative accomplishments . Now they are a progressive rock star .
“ You can imagine Bernie coming back with a lot of leverage , much more in the Senate where he 's been a minor figure , ” said Norman Ornstein , a scholar with the American Enterprise Institute . “ The second option is that they come back as a pariah . ”
Sanders ' defenders say that the onus to unite the party does n't rest solely on the Vermont senator and that the Democratic establishment needs to do its own reaching out .
Their sympathizers — and some Clinton backers , too — think the DNC should accommodate at least some of Sanders ' demands to have a greater influence at the party 's national convention in July . Sanders has threatened a floor fight if their supporters do n't get more seats on key committees that shape the party 's platform and convention rules .
“ We 're going to talk with them when he 's ready to talk , and listen to him . And we will take into account what they are asking for , ” Clinton said on “ Meet the Press ” Sunday .
The DNC needs to “ go the extra mile to make sure that they provide a forum for the convention that is a fair and level playing field , ” said Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon , the only sitting senator to endorse Sanders .
If Clinton is the nominee , Merkley said , Sanders is “ absolutely dedicated ” to doing whatever they can to help defeat Trump .
For the party to unify , “ it 's going to take each side reaching out . It always does . ”
Victoria McGrane can be reached at victoria.mcgrane @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ vgmac
Black Desert Online looks like a flashy action-MMO , all beautiful fantasy vistas and spectacular , over-the-top combat . There 's a big , gorgeous world filled to the brim with monsters waiting to be dispatched with a bit of panache , and a multitude of threadbare quests serving as the impetus for slaughtering loads of goblins and other beasties .
Check prices for Black Desert Online
At a glance it 's evocative of fellow action-MMO , Tera , but not long after explaining the nuances of its combat system , the game suddenly shift gears . It becomes a trading simulator . And during the recent beta , I 've been attempting to turn one dashing , slightly stupid hero into the world 's most savvy merchant .
This is Gunter .
Underneath their absurdly heroic grin and silly hair is the soul of a man who likes to buy low and sell high . A man who maybe knows a good deal on some cheap chickens in the area . A man who most definitely has aspirations of one day riding a mule from town to town , hawking wares .
Black Desert Online kicks off with some awkward tutorial quests and what really amounts to a bunch of loosely connected chores , often doled out by a dark spirit who happily admits that they are busywork . After the the first couple of hours , which is mostly a whirlwind of empowering , kinetic combat and instantly-forgettable quests , the reins get slacker , the pace slows down , and it expects players to find their groove .
There 's none of the racing around quest hubs , grabbing all of the quests , clearing the map and moving onto the next one ; the flow that that typifies MMOs . Instead , Black Desert Online rewards lingering in towns , speaking to lots of NPCs and soaking up as much knowledge about an area as possible .
By not blowing through areas , pulled along by the promise of loot and gear , you can unlock new shops and quests . See , NPCs do n't just spill their guts at the sight of a random wanderer . They 're not all waiting for a stranger to solve their myriad problems . No , they 're waiting for someone they vaguely know , who they can have a nice chat to , that 's who they want to go questing for them .
Being a hero , then , involves more than just accepting quests from dozens of NPCs in the space of a couple of minutes ; quest-givers need to be buttered up through a mini-game , which requires getting to know lots of other NPCs in the surrounding area first . It 's possible to unlock new shops as well as quests this way , by being the hero who cares . Want to kill even more monsters ? You 've got to shake some hands and kiss some babies first .
I spent so much more time exploring the game 's first region than I normally would in an MMO , talking up a storm and then setting off to meet all the shop owners and quest givers who work on the various farms and mines that orbit the settlement . I was n't rushed or compelled to move on in search of more loot or the promise of more experience and new abilities . Absent direction , I was able to find my own little niche in this fantasy world . While chatting to NPCs , I encountered Black Desert Online 's node system , and began my exciting romance with making lots of money through trade .
Every town , village , guard post , farm and mine is a node on the MMO 's huge map ; part of an interconnected trade network . Investing in nodes allows you work them , through hiring NPCs to farm or mine whatever resources the node provides . Even the small number of nodes I 'd discovered through exploration and conversation held the potential to be an excellent foundation for my legacy : a Scrooge McDuck-style vault of dosh .
Setting up a business is n't quite as easy as being an adventurer , though . There are a lot of steps involved . First , employees are needed . Thankfully , there 's a guy for that , and they were happy to sell me some Goblin and Giant workers for my startup . One strapping , one wiley – I was all set . But I was responsible for these fellas now , which meant that I needed to keep them housed and fed .
There 's property for sale all over the world , conveniently , though not all buildings are appropriate for every purpose , so I had to shop around . Eventually , though , I found some rooms at the local inn that would keep my workers warm and dry . Thing is , they need to be fed , as well . Specifically on beer . That can be crafted , though , so I bought myself a home , crammed a cooking station inside it , and voilà , I was making beer for my happy new friends . Finally , I expanded my storage capacity by purchasing yet another building . A home for all of the stuff I wanted to sell .
With everything prepared , I invested in my first farm . A potato farm . Everyone loves potatoes ; they never go out of style . I knew I 'd be a millionaire in no time . After activating the node , I saw my Giant leave town and run off to the farm to do the day 's work . How content I felt . But not too content ! More business opportunities awaited .
I 'd discovered some copper and iron mines while searching for hidden treasure at the request of a wee kid who wanted to be a pirate , and I thought that the ore market might be where all the high fliers and business titans made their mark . I invested in some underground operations and sent my Goblin to do some hard work . Soon , the resources started to flow into my warehouse . I had wares . I had things to sell . I was a proper trader .
I even got a donkey .
The donkey – their name 's Pancakes – was n't just a status symbol , like a flashy sports car . No , he 's another integral member of my team . It 's all well and good to have a warehouse full of stuff , but it does n't do anything just sitting there . The goods need to be transported to potential buyers , and there is n't a spell for that unfortunately . There are , however , plenty of options .
You can carry goods on your back , but that 's slow going and puny humans ca n't really transport very much . That 's why mounts are handy . They do n't just get you to your destination ; they can hold a much greater weight , depending on the mount in question . Or you could ditch the horse and transport everything by boat . There are even wagons and caravans that expand your carry capacity . For the big spenders , though , there 's an alternative : pay an NPC to do it .
Actually turning a profit requires more than following the maxim of buy low and sell high . How much someone is willing to give you for your goods depends on a number of factors , including the saturation of the market , the needs of the area and how far away the goods were made . The further the better . You also lose a bit of money by selling things to a place that is n't connected to your node network , inspiring you to invest more and more into the spiderweb .
Thus , Pancakes and I travelled all across the land , laden with lovely things for people to buy , unlocking new nodes and hunting for lucrative deals . I forgot all about the monsters . The life of a trader is not one without action , though . Brigands prowl the trade routes , waiting to waylay unsuspecting travellers and make off with some of their possessions . You can tell when a route has a brigand problem , though , making them easy to avoid .
Imagine that ! Avoiding a fight in an action-MMO .
It 's worth noting that one can easily eschew the fast-paced world of transporting grain , hiring workers and investing for the much more sedate and relaxing world of chopping monsters up , setting things on fire and murdering people . I personally like to mix it up and hunt Goblins after a big deal .
Black Desert Online encourages a slew of activities through its energy and contribution systems . These two resources are used for all manner of things , from gathering crafting materials to purchasing property and renting items , but they do run out . It 's not like Archeage 's horrible labour point system , though . You do n't need to buy more . Energy regenerates quickly , at a point every few minutes , and contribution points can be most easily earned through questing . By expanding your knowledge of the area , by doing quests and by crafting , you can both generate more points and increase the size of the pool .
I 'm reminded of EVE Online . The games are very different , sure , but there 's one key similarity : they do away with a lot of the genre 's illusions and Pavlovian manipulation . Black Desert Online is not a race to find more powerful gear or get through dungeons and work your way up to the point where you can raid and get even more gear . Players have more agency , more choice about what to do and where to go , and there 's none of that pressure to keep moving forward .
When I finally rode into the second region , wobbling on the back of Pancakes , I was faced with a mountain of new quests . Kill some bees . Murder some birds . Hit some pumpkins . “ Nah , ” I thought . “ I 've just spotted a new node . ”
Check prices for Black Desert Online
Ron Dennis has run the McLaren team since 1981
Ron Dennis ' 35-year tenure as the boss of McLaren has come to an end .
Dennis , 69 , quit after being told by fellow shareholders on Tuesday that they must give up their position as chairperson and chief executive of McLaren Group .
They did not want to step down and failed in a High Court bid last week to prevent McLaren putting them on 'gardening leave ' .
In a statement , Dennis said they were `` disappointed '' and called the grounds for their removal `` entirely spurious '' .
They remain on the boards of McLaren Technology Group and McLaren Automotive and retains significant shareholdings in both .
Dennis owns 25 % of McLaren Group , Bahrain 's Mumtalakat investment fund owns 50 % and the remaining 25 % is held by Dennis ' long-time business partner Mansour Ojjeh , a Saudi-born Frenchman .
Dennis and Ojjeh , the chief executive of the TAG Group , fell out some years ago and the 64-year-old Ojjeh has sided with the Bahrainis in trying to remove their former friend .
It was felt Dennis ' autocratic style was ill-fitted to growing McLaren in the future .
Dennis said the other main shareholders `` forced through '' the decision `` despite the strong warnings from the rest of the management team about the potential consequences of their actions on the business '' .
They added : `` My management style is the same as it has always been and is one that has enabled McLaren to become an automotive and technology group that has won 20 Formula 1 World Championships and grown into an £850m-a-year business .
`` Ultimately it has become clear to me through this process that neither TAG nor Mumtalakat share my vision for McLaren and its true growth potential .
`` My first concern is to the business I have built and to its 3,500 employees . I will continue to use my significant shareholding in both companies and my seats on both boards to protect the interests and value of McLaren and help shape its future .
`` I intend to launch a new technology investment fund once my contractual commitments with McLaren expire . ''
A proud Dennis carries the spoils of Ayrton Senna 's famous Monaco Grand Prix victory in 1992
End of an era
Dennis ' departure is seismic move in the context of modern F1 , in which they have been a central figure since 1981 .
Dennis joined McLaren in 1980 and took full control in 1981 , after which they led the team to several periods of domination and turned it into the most successful outfit in history after Ferrari .
Under Dennis ' leadership , McLaren won 10 drivers ' titles with Niki Lauda , Alain Prost , Ayrton Senna , Mika Hakkinen and Lewis Hamilton , and seven constructors ' championships .
However , the team has slipped from the front in recent years and the decision to join forces with engine partner Honda led in 2015 to the worst season in their history .
Honda entered F1 when it was not ready , a decision at least partly down to McLaren , whose engine partnership with Mercedes was ending in 2014 and who pushed for the Honda deal to start as soon as possible .
Dennis has also failed to secure a new title sponsor to replace mobile phone giant Vodafone , which left at the end of 2013 .
Other lost sponsors have been replaced by similar deals but , notwithstanding Honda 's significant financial contribution over and above the provision of free power units , the absence of a title sponsor for the past three years has cast doubt in Dennis 's fellow shareholders ' minds on their ability to procure major sponsorship contracts in the digital age .
American Zak Brown , a leading commercial figure in F1 , remains the most likely candidate to replace him .
The 44-year-old 's links with McLaren were revealed by BBC Sport last month and they have moved closer to accepting a leadership position at McLaren since then .
However , Brown has also been linked with a role with new F1 owners Liberty Media , heading up their commercial operation once they complete their takeover of the F1 Group next year .
Sources close to Brown say they are more likely at this stage to accept the McLaren offer but has not made a final decision .
Dennis ' departure also raises questions about the future of McLaren Racing chief executive officer Jost Capito .
The German , the former boss of Volkswagen Motorsport , was appointed in January but only started work in September . They are strongly linked to Dennis , raising questions about their position once Dennis leaves the company .
Dennis ' route to Formula 1
1969 German Grand Prix : A youthful Dennis , right , talks to team owner and three-time F1 champion Jack Brabham
Dennis ' involvement in Formula 1 began as an 18-year-old mechanic for the Cooper Formula 1 team , before moving to Brabham two years later in 1968 .
After a spell working in Formula 2 and 3 , where they formed company Project Four , Dennis returned to Formula 1 and began their involvement with McLaren in September 1980 .
In 1981 McLaren became McLaren International in what Dennis called `` a reverse takeover '' and 18 months later the then 32-year-old gained a controlling interest in the company .
Ojjeh joined Dennis as a McLaren shareholder in 1984 and has been their business partner ever since .
McLaren 's pedigree under Dennis
McLaren celebrate their 1988 success
Of McLaren 's 20 titles , 17 came during Dennis ' time , along with 158 of the team 's 182 grand prix wins .
McLaren had not won a grand prix since James Hunt in 1977 and a constructors ' championship since 1974 before Dennis ' arrival - but in 1982 and 1983 drivers Lauda and John Watson scored victories .
In 1984 , they took both the drivers ' and constructors ' titles - winning 12 of the season 's 16 races as Lauda edged team-mate Prost to the individual title .
Dennis oversaw the team 's successful defence of both titles the following year .
McLaren 's dominance resumed in 1988 when they claimed both titles as Prost and Senna won 15 of 16 races between them , despite a public feud between the pair .
That was the first of four successive years winning both championships , though McLaren would have to wait another seven years to follow that success when they took both the drivers ' and the constructors ' titles with Hakkinen the main driver in 1998 .
Hakkinen would retain their title in 1999 , but Ferrari had emerged as the sport 's most dominant team .
McLaren would not celebrate another world championship until 2008 , a season after they were stripped of their constructors ' points and fined £49.2m for using information leaked from title rivals Ferrari .
Briton Hamilton was the man to provide McLaren with that last title eight years ago , having signed for the team 's Young Driver Support Programme as a teenager .
Hamilton would remain at McLaren until 2012 , racing alongside compatriot Jenson Button , but despite a handful of victories Dennis and the team have been unable to add to their world championships .
In the years following Hamilton 's departure , Dennis also saw top designer Paddy Lowe and engine supplier Mercedes leave the team .
As League of Legends continues to evolve as a game , we 'll begin to see players become creative and play more champions in roles they were n't designed for . ADCs are a great example of this effect . In the past , we have seen the likes of Vayne top and AP Corki mid played , but Riot usually makes an effort to nerf the features of these champions to prevent it from continuing . But as the game continues to grow , we 'll likely see more ADCs in other roles . This article will look at a few possible role changes we 'll see in the future from the ADCs .
Caitlyn Mid
This one is a personal favorite of mine , Caitlyn in the mid lane provides a high damage poke champion that has the ability to bully out most mid lane champions out of lane , while positioning themselves at a safe distance . Along with that , their traps provide an additional zoning tool for pushing , as the guaranteed Headshot allows for a decent burst of damage that may force the enemy to give up on the defense of an objective . While they may lack mobility compared to current meta mid laners such as Vladimir and Taliyah , they do have a significant ranged advantage which allows them to safely lane against such opponents . Along with all of this , Caitlyn 's ult provides a safe and easy way to clean up kills that may escape after a fight thanks to its high base damage and AD scaling . Due to these traits , Caitlyn has the potential to see play in the mid lane in the future as they can fill the role of champions such as Lux and Xerath : champions that can have a safe laning phase that transition into a strong mid and late game as they zone and poke out enemies while their team takes out objectives one by one .
Lucian Mid
Most high elo mid laners enjoy playing champions that are mobile and have the ability to make plays on their own . Because of this most , high elo mid laners enjoy playing Lee Sin as their go-to pick in the jungle . Lucian falls under this same concept . As seen in the final team fight in the NA LCS finals between TSM and C9 , Lucian 's high mobility and overall damage output allows for the player to single-handedly turn around a team fight for the win . Despite their low range , Lucian 's high damage output and potential level two all-in allows them to be a huge threat in a solo lane as well . Because of this , as more playmaking mid laners such as Taliyah get nerfed , Lucian could have the potential to see some play in the mid lane as well .
Quinn Top
While Quinn top used to be a niche pick in solo queue , the reworked Quinn has the capabilities to see some potential play in competitive play as well . Them ult allows them to roam with ease and provides a great initial burst to start off a gank . Quinn is also a capable laner thanks to their ability to reposition with their E and their ability to harass thanks to their passive and Q . All of this allows Quinn to be a mobile carry from the top lane and as top lane tanks such as Gnar , Shen and Yasuo get nerfed , the potential for a surprise Quinn top lane in competitive play will only continue to rise .
Ashe Mid
If you played League since the beginning , this one may feel like a throwback . Back in the early days of League , Ashe used to be played in the mid lane with Teleport . This allowed them to ult down mid lane and teleport in to start a fight against the enemy that 's not expecting the arrow to hit . While this may have been a pretty common pick back then , the game has evolved and that strategy has been lost to history . But with the Ashe rework , we may see the frostiest of champions back in the mid lane . This is mainly thanks to their great harassment from their Q and W while still providing the same great global presence from their ult . While they may not completely excel in the mid lane , their overall strength during team fights completely makes up for that . Overall , Ashe has the potential to make their way into pick compositions as the game evolves due to the lack of strong pick mid laners .
Conclusion
As League evolves as a game , we 've seen a lot of champions in roles they were n't originally meant for and as the game continues to evolve , this will happen again and again . ADC will likely be the main source of this due to their unique kits and each ADCs role on a team . This is one of the great things about League , the ability to succeed with champions in other roles makes the possible strategies unique and interesting . Now it 's simply a matter of teams taking that risk to implement these strategies into their games .
Get your own AKRacing Chair here and support our players , all profit goes towards the teams !
GETTY There were 1,800 UFOs tracked by NORAD radar over five years .
That equates to around 360 UFOs officially tracked by radar each year . And as many as 75 - 15 EACH YEAR - have been intercepted as a result , according to information released by the North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) . UFO investigators have hailed the statistics proof that the UFO phenomena is real and taken seriously by military leaders . But there remains a veil of secrecy over what happened when they were intercepted or if any have been confined as not coming from Earth , with national security reasons being cited . The figures were revealed to UFO investigators following Canadian Access to Information Act request . But officials refused to reveal any further data or specific details about individual UFO interceptions . Candian UFO expert Victor Viggiani requested information on the tracking and intercepting of UFOs by NORAD after obtaining secret documents which detailed a case of jets being scramble to `` three UFOs '' . A response from NORAD said that requests for `` unknown track reports '' are classified and can not be released on grounds of national security and espionage .
YouTube Victor Viggiani
It said the information was not to be released to the public or media because they do not have a `` valid need to know '' . But the response did confirm the extent of UFO activity caught on radar . It said : `` The NORAD commander has approved the release of the following information regarding tracks of interest ( TOI ) and unknown tracks . `` The yearly average in the past five years has been 1,800 TOIs and 75 intercepts . '' Intercepts are when NORAD scrambles a pair of fighters , which are on alert at sites around the US , to locate and attempt to identify the unknown object . The fighters are armed and ready to take off within minutes of receiving a scramble order . NORAD has refused to detail any of the 75 intercepts in the five year period , so it is unclear if any went off to be identified . Although Mr Viggiani received some of the information using access to information laws , they claimed they were not permitted to share it or release it publicly and they had threatened with indictment if they did so .
The Canadian documents…indicate the Canadian government has been and remains vitally concerned about the unauthorised incursion of unidentified flying objects within Canadian airspace . ZlandCommunicationsNewsNetwork website
And , in a public snub at the national security implications , they said : `` I have here in front of me 11 documents…they are directly from NORAD and indicate that over the last five years an average of 1,800 tracks of interest , with 75 intercepts have been made , this is directly from the commander in NORAD . `` In reference to the NORAD documents , I have been threatened with indictment if I release that file . `` I am hereby releasing it to you and I dare the US government to charge me . '' On the ZlandCommunicationsNewsNetwork website , which Mr Viggiani is involved with , it says the documents are proof the UFO phenomena is real . It said : `` The Canadian documents…indicate the Canadian government has been and remains vitally concerned about the unauthorised incursion of unidentified flying objects within Canadian airspace . `` All of the above raises serious and unacknowledged questions . `` What kind of craft are able to elude NORAD 's most sophisticated aircraft ? These and other questions bring into sharp focus substantial historical , on-going and covert discussions and documentation about the UFO phenomenon among Canadian government agencies - none of which has ever been openly addressed by bureaucrats , military officials or elected representatives . ''
Has NASA spotted a UFO ? Mon , March 27 , 2017 Spooky images from the International Space Station Play slideshow NASA 1 of 14 ISS Nasa live cam cuts after 'suddenly locking on to mystery glowing UFO '
SCOPE :
Substantial studies have shown that curcumin , a dietary compound from turmeric , has beneficial effects on many diseases . However , curcumin rapidly degrades at physiological pH , making it difficult to interpret whether the observed actions of curcumin are from curcumin itself or its degradation products . Therefore , it is important to better understand the mechanisms involved in curcumin degradation and the roles of degradation in its biological actions .
METHODS AND RESULTS :
Here , we show that a series of redox active antioxidants with diverse chemical structures , including gallic acid , ascorbate ( vitamin C ) , tert-butylhydroquinone ( TBHQ ) , caffeic acid , rosmarinic acid , and Trolox ( a water-soluble analog of vitamin E ) , dramatically increased curcumin stability in phosphate buffer at physiological pH . When treated in basal cell culture medium in MC38 colon cancer cells , curcumin rapidly degraded with a half-life of several minutes and showed a weak antiproliferative effect ; co-addition of antioxidants enhanced stability and antiproliferative effect of curcumin . Finally , co-administration of antioxidant significantly increased plasma level of curcumin in animal models .
CONCLUSION :
Together , these studies strongly suggest that a redox-dependent mechanism plays a critical role in mediating curcumin degradation . In addition , curcumin itself , instead of its degradation products , is largely responsible for the observed biological actions of curcumin .
© 2015 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA , Weinheim .
State officials are returning $ 23 million to the federal government , saying there were too many strings attached to stimulus money that was supposed to be for expanding high-speed Internet service in schools , libraries and government agencies .
The money was to have boosted broadband connections in 380 Wisconsin communities , including 385 libraries and 82 schools . It also could have been used to improve police , fire department and hospital communications in rural areas .
But state taxpayers would have been on the hook for the entire $ 23 million if the state could not meet the grant 's precise requirements , Mike Huebsch , secretary of the state Department of Administration , said in a memo to school and library associations .
`` This is simply not an acceptable risk , '' Huebsch wrote .
Wisconsin received the grant a year ago from the National Telecommunications and Information Administration . It was part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , which included about $ 7 billion in grants , loans and loan guarantees to extend broadband to underserved rural areas and was compatible with President Barack Obama 's goal of making high-speed Internet available to 98 % of Americans by 2016 .
The money would have been used for the BadgerNet Converged Network , which brings the Internet to schools , libraries , and state and local government agencies . It would have paid for 200 miles of fiber-optic cable , improving the Internet connections at hundreds of public facilities .
BadgerNet , however , runs on infrastructure owned and managed primarily by AT & T Inc. - and that became a sticking point with federal officials who were not used to public-private partnerships , according to the state .
`` We , as a state , do not own our network . We purchase a managed service through the BadgerNet contract , '' said Diane Kohn , acting administrator for the Division of Enterprise Technology in the Department of Administration .
Federal officials wanted a commitment that the fiber-optic cable would be used for at least 20 years , but the state 's contract with AT & T is for five years .
`` From a federal perspective , it was like we were some kind of unknown start-up firm with all of these risks attached to it , '' said Robert Bocher , an information technology consultant for the Department of Public Instruction . `` In fact , our network has been around since the mid-1990s . ''
AT & T did not want to be a sub-recipient of the grant , according to Bocher .
`` From a corporate perspective , they did not want to get bogged down in federal grant regulations , '' they said .
The grant also required an environmental assessment for the 467 locations that would receive fiber-optic cable .
State officials said they spent months trying to find a way to keep the stimulus money without violating the terms of the grant .
`` It was quite burdensome , '' Bocher said . `` There were many more hoops to jump through every time we proposed something . ''
Gov . Scott Walker 's administration asked AT & T for the company 's best offer , without the grant , to get schools , libraries and government agencies the Internet bandwidth they need , Bocher said .
`` I am fairly optimistic that we are going to get what the grant would have provided , or something fairly close to it , '' Bocher said . `` But sooner or later , most of our schools and libraries that do n't have fiber-optic cable will need it . And then the question becomes , who is going to pay for it ? ''
The National Telecommunications and Information Administration did not return a Journal Sentinel call asking about the grant requirements . AT & T also did not return calls .
State Rep. Mark Pocan ( D-Madison ) said Walker 's administration was hurting the state .
`` Not only is they turning away construction jobs that would have come with the federal grant to expand broadband fiber to schools and libraries across Wisconsin , but he 's closing off potential to business growth that comes with bridging the digital divide , '' Pocan said . `` What 's worse , the root of their decision was n't what was in the best interest of Wisconsin , rather the best interest of their big telecommunications campaign donors . ''
Employees of AT & T Inc. and its political action committee donated more than $ 20,000 to Walker 's campaign , nearly three times more than the $ 7,600 they donated to their opponent , Mayor Tom Barrett , a Democrat , according to Wisconsin Democracy Campaign .
School and library associations said they were disappointed in the decision since many rural communities , especially , lack fast broadband connections .
For the immediate future , libraries will probably be able to increase their bandwidth with the existing infrastructure . But long term , not having the additional fiber-optic cable is a loss , said Lisa Strand , executive director of the Wisconsin Library Association .
`` This really could have been a boon for the state , '' Strand said .
Increasingly , schools are turning to the Internet for classes , online tests and administrative tasks .
`` The state is moving away from paper-and-pencil , fill-in-the-bubble tests for student achievement , '' said Dan Rossmiller , director of government relations for the Wisconsin Association of School Boards .
It 's nearly impossible to stream video and manage photos through a slow Internet connection , said Sandy Heiden , media coordinator for the Seymour Community School District .
`` It 's like pulling a Culver 's milkshake through a tiny cocktail straw , '' Heiden said .
Currently , state officials are negotiating with AT & T for a renewal of the five-year BadgerNet contract .
Faster broadband might be available even without more fiber-optic cable , according to state officials , because technology that uses copper wire has improved to accept more bandwidth .
Long term , it makes sense to use the lowest-cost technology to accommodate bandwidth requirements , according to state officials .
Daniel Bice and Cary Spivak of the Journal Sentinel staff contributed to this report .
SCP-80s-J
Children who , while not themselves instances of SCP-80s-J , very well could have been under different circumstances .
Item # : SCP-80s-J
Object Class : Uncontained
Special Containment Procedures : SCP-80s-J is currently uncontained . Mobile Task Force G-IJ0 “ Parents Just Do n't Understand ” have been tasked with implementing more effective containment procedures , or any at all .
Description : SCP-80s-J is the group designation for four anomalous human children , ages 12-13 , currently residing within the midwest town of Point Ellis , Nebraska . SCP-80s-J are capable of a variety of anomalous abilities , specifically , advanced perception , ability to escape ( former ) trained personnel with years of containment experience , ability to commune with anomalous creatures , and more . The full range of SCP-80s-J 's abilities are not known .
Each instance of SCP-80s-J is listed below :
SCP-80s-J-1 : Goes by the name Patrick Cooper . 13 years old . Caucasian , 1.4m in height , brown hair , brown eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Commonly seen riding a Schwinn bicycle they call “ The Blue Stallion ” . Named their pet dog “ Emperor Pupatine ” .
Goes by the name Patrick Cooper . 13 years old . Caucasian , 1.4m in height , brown hair , brown eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Commonly seen riding a Schwinn bicycle they call “ The Blue Stallion ” . Named their pet dog “ Emperor Pupatine ” . SCP-80s-J-2 : Goes by the name Emily Norris . 12 years old . Caucasian , 1.35m in heigh , blonde hair , blue eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Expresses unrequited adolescent affection towards SCP-80s-J-1 . Carries a stuffed bear called “ Mr . Doodle ” .
Goes by the name Emily Norris . 12 years old . Caucasian , 1.35m in heigh , blonde hair , blue eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Expresses unrequited adolescent affection towards SCP-80s-J-1 . Carries a stuffed bear called “ Mr . Doodle ” . SCP-80s-J-3 : Goes by the name Martin Miller . 13 years old . African-American , 1.6m in height , black hair , brown eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Lives next door to SCP-80s-J-1 . Likes sports . Makes fun of SCP-80s-J for being a nerd , but secretly collects trading cards bearing the images of cartoon horses .
Goes by the name Martin Miller . 13 years old . African-American , 1.6m in height , black hair , brown eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Lives next door to SCP-80s-J-1 . Likes sports . Makes fun of SCP-80s-J for being a nerd , but secretly collects trading cards bearing the images of cartoon horses . SCP-80s-J-4 : Goes by the name Sam Lee . Chinese-American . 12 years old . 1.3m in height , black hair , brown eyes . Attends Point Ellis Middle School . Rarely speaks . Anomalously capable with advanced technology . Seemingly capable of appearing and disappearing at will .
Addendum 80s-J.1 : Discovery
SCP-80s-J was discovered in March of 1982 , when Foundation personnel arrived at the town of Point Ellis to seek and contain an eldritch abomination called “ Vog the Mutilator ” . SCP-80s-J instances were able to evade containment personnel at every turn , eventually allowing for Vog the Mutilator to breach containment and escape .
Addendum 80s-J.2 : Audio Logs
The following are excerpts from audio logs collected by Foundation containment personnel during the attempted containment of Vog the Mutilator .
D-9 Eda : We 're moving into the library now . Command : Copy that . Remember , we 're looking for anything that might connect back to Vog . Ancient manuscripts , hidden town maps showing underground catacombs , convenient hidden passageways , that sort of thing . D-9 Harris : Copy that . Looks like the library is empty . ( Pauses ) Wait , hey , what are those kids doing over there ? Hey you kids , what are you doing over there ? SCP-80s-J-1 : Uh… oh , nothing mister . Just doing some , uh , uh— SCP-80s-J-3 : Homework ! SCP-80s-J-1 : That 's right ! Homework ! Have to keep up our education , you know ! D-9 Eda : I like your attitude , kid . Stay in school , do n't do drugs . Say , what 's that the short one is hiding behind their back ? SCP-80s-J-4 : 我什么也不隐瞒。 D-9 Eda : Welp . Good enough for me . You kids get out of here . Go on now , scram . SCP-80s-J-2 : Golly , thank you miss ! All SCP-80s-J instances leave the library . D-9 Harris : Good kids . D-9 Eda : You 're right . Alright , let 's see here… Vob the Merciless , Vod the Impressionable , Voe the Unconscionable… hey , wait . There 's a book missing here , right where Vog the Mutilator should be ! D-9 Harris : Those damn kids took the book !
D-9 Harris : Roger command , we ( huff ) are moving down ( puff ) towards the river ( huff ) in pursuit of ( puff ) an unidentified entity ( huff ) we believe is ( puff ) Vog the Mutilator . D-9 Eda : There , in the bushes ! Come out with your hands up ! SCP-80s-J-2 : Oh , uh , hey there officer . What uh , what can we do for you ? D-9 Harris : Hey , its those kids who took that book from earlier ! The hell are you kids doing down here by the river ? SCP-80s-J-3 : You know , kid stuff . Skipping rocks , looking for Old Man Smithers ' bones . That sort of thing . D-9 Eda : Uh huh . And what 's that big , eldritch abomination looking shape under that tablecloth you 're all struggling to hold down ? SCP-80s-J-1 : Uh… it 's Sam 's brother . SCP-80s-J-4 : 他的胃口很大。 D-9 Harris : I do n't understand a word you 're saying , but I believe you . You kids keep an eye out now , there are strange things lurking around here . SCP-80s-J-3 : Stranger things ? D-9 Harris : What ? SCP-80s-J-3 : Nothing , nevermind . All SCP-80s-J instances leave . D-9 Eda : I just do n't get it . These huge tentacled footprints come right down to the river and then just stop , right where those kids were standing . D-9 Harris : Hang on , you do n't think those kids had Vog the Mutilator under that tablecloth , do you ? D-9 Eda : …Damn it !
D-9 Eda : Alright you kids . We had your principal call you down here today because we need to ask you some questions above some questionable behaviour we 've seen recently . SCP-80s-J-1 : Sure ma'am , anything we can do to help . D-9 Harris : Good . First qu- hang on . Are n't there just four of you ? Who 's your friend here ? Unidentified Individual : G͏͚̺̼ͅͅo̹̜r̖̣͉̥̗ḇ̱̳͓͉̠̼̙̕l̢̦͕̯̲͡ḛ͔͔̤̱̜̟̥̯͡ ̶̻͚̟͖ĺ̡̘̭͇̩̻͚o̡͇̖͍̞̤̝̥̘r͉̩̮͘͝ ̶̞̹̟̥̩͉̫͠ͅm̴̰͉̩̞͉ǫ͙̪͚̼r̷̵̛͈͍̣̼̯̭ͅc̩̱̩̣̲̳̰͞͝ͅḩ̴̤̩̬̜̯̣̪͡l̠̺̦̻̘͍̩̼e̕͏̤͕̩d̼̝̝̞̪̣͜ę̯̦̠̞̲̻̯͟ ͏҉̤̙l̜̫ò̫̱̼̟̬̬̹ŕ̷̹̲͙̠͡g̷̷͍̠̀ò̳̫̼̹̯̕r҉̖̙͠b͚̣͚̗̗̕i̖̖͓͕̤͞ǹ͍̜ SCP-80s-J-2 : This is our friend , uh… Pog . Pog the Multinational . D-9 Eda : Huh . You know , Pog looks sort of like an eldritch abomination under an oversized trench coat and sunglasses wearing a fedora . SCP-80s-J-3 : Yeah , of course , he's… Canadian . D-9 Harris : Oh , well , shit , Eda . Apologize to the man , come on now . D-9 Eda : I 'm so sorry Mr. the Multinational . I did n't mean to offend your cultural sensibilities . Unidentified Individual : K̛͈̻͇̳̝͡ĺ̡͔ų̺̥̳̻̦͖͢t̵̢͉̳̖̹h̡̺̹̻̗̳͘ù͈̦͎̼ ̧̧̛͈͓͙͕̖̮̤K̢̹̜͓̝͚͈̣̼l̥̤̻̥͔ṵ̬̲͝t̬̫h̸̩̠͢͡ͅu͉͉̺̞͠ ̣͍̺̮͓͟͞m̗͕̀̕͢a̦̝̟̜̳̳g̹̹̖̭n͖͓̰̱̻̫̦̼̺ó̶̷̲̘͚̼͉̻l̶͈̠͕ͅi̞͖͚͟ḁ͓̜̳͢͡ͅ ̢̛̤͙͍̫̹̝̝w̨̭̠͙͈̤̟͓o̲̥̰̜̩͠ǫ͎̼b̵̰̜͓l͏̷͚̜̞̗̗e̬͕̤̘̺̹͠ ̜͈̞͖͉w̨̛̹͕̯̰o͈̰o̵̴̬̹̟b͖̤̼̱͉͙̲̕l̘̘e̢̪̞͘͡ D-9 Eda : What a beautiful language , Canadian . D-9 Harris : Stow it , Eda . Listen you kids , we do n't know how it 's happened , but we keep running into you during the course of our… investigation . Now , we 're not saying that you 're actively hiding an eldritch abomination say , for example , as one of your classmates under a shaky alias and oversized trench coat , but we also want to know that you 'd tell us if you were . You would , would n't you ? SCP-80s-J-4 : 我什么也不承认。 D-9 Harris : Good . Alright , that 's all we had . Go ahead and get back to class . It was a pleasure to meet you , Pog . Unidentified Individual : G̴̘̫̠̕ͅe̛͈̲̮͇̤̯̝t̗͉̲̞̤͖̝͉́͘ ͔͓͉̤̝͠f̳͈͎͉̮͕u̸͏̬̗̠c͎̺̗͔̘͟͢k̡҉͎̹̺e̛̼̠̣̬d̛͔̯̲͍̖̣̀ ͙̱̳̬̠̳̩ͅm̗̳̬͢͝ẹ̸̛̫͚͘a̖̰͟͟t̮̙̬̖̙͇ ̴̬̗̘̘͍m͕͙̥͓̯̫̳͚a̟̮͙͖̣͓̰͖͙n̺̥̻͚̯͈̗͎̣
D-9 Eda : Command , this is D-9 Eda . We 've got him , we 're heading back to base . Command : Good job , D-9 team . You 'll both be due for a promotion when you get back . D-9 Harris : Hell yeah . Hey , how about we stop at that bar over there and get a drink before we leave . Something celebratory . D-9 Eda : What about Vog ? D-9 Harris : Ehh , he 'll be fine . He 's all tied up in the back of the truck . D-9 Eda : Sure , let 's get a drink then . Both members of the D-9 team stop at a bar to get a drink . They go inside and sit at the bar . Bartender : Well hello there fellow adults . What can I get for you on this fine day ? D-9 Harris : You know… I feel like I 've seen you somewhere before . Does n't this guy look familiar , Eda ? D-9 Eda : Yeah… you 've got a real youthful look about you , guy . Like you 're two kids stacked on top of one another wearing an apron with a fake mustache . Bartender : Oh no , nothing like that . I 'm just a bartender , obviously , just back here making some… bar… drinks . So what can I get you ? A coke with… lemon ? Like , a lot of lemon ? Or maybe just a glass of lemons that I pour a… a Sprite over , or something ? D-9 Harris : You know what ? That sounds lovely and refreshing . We 'll get two , but- ah , shit . I left my wallet out in the truck . Let me go get- Bartender : Oh no no , no need for that . This one is on us tonight , obviously . As thanks for all your , uh , hard police work . D-9 Eda : Aw , that 's so nice of him , Harris ! You know , you really do n't get hospitality like this anywhere but little towns anymore . D-9 Harris : Absolutely . Sir , I 'll have two- hey , wait . Where 'd they go ? And why is their apron and mustache laying in the middle of the floor ? D-9 Eda : Harris , look ! Vog has sprouted four sets of tiny legs and is getting away ! We have to go get him ! D-9 Harris : But… but I wanted my jar of lemons with a Sprite poured over it .
Addendum 80s-J.3 : Post-Incident Review Log
When I first saw a headline about what Martin Bashir said , I figured it must be exaggerated .
No responsible cable news host would call for defecating on a public figure . That 's just beyond the pale , right ?
But that 's exactly what Bashir did on their MSNBC show , while spewing venom at Sarah Palin .
They made an abject apology yesterday , and we 'll get to that in a moment .
I 've long been amazed by Bashir 's brand of name-calling . They despise Republicans , we get it . But the highly personal nature of their assaults , while delivered in an erudite British accent , stands out even by the loose standards of cable news .
This guy was a co-anchor of “ Nightline ” when they were at ABC , but was apparently seething with liberal resentment that we now see displayed daily on their weekday show . MSNBC once suspended Ed Schultz for calling Laura Ingraham a “ right-wing slut ” ; why on earth does it tolerate Bashir 's brand of bile ?
Bashir once said that the NRA “ deserves to be equated with Hitler , ” so he 's practiced at incendiary comparisons .
What happened last week is that Bashir used their hatred of Palin—calling them the country 's “ resident dunce ” and a “ world-class idiot ” —to descend deeper into the gutter than I ever thought he 'd go .
Now the issue on which they went after the former Alaska governor and Fox News contributor is fair game . Palin had spoken in Iowa of borrowing from China to pay for the national debt , saying : “ This is n't racist . But it 's going to be like slavery when that note is due . ”
Lots of people did n't approve of Palin likening government borrowing to the awful legacy of buying and selling African-Americans .
But Bashir chose to tell their audience of the diary of a plantation overseer in Jamaica named Thomas Thistlewood .
“ In 1756 , they record that a slave named Darby ‘ catched eating kanes had them well flogged and pickled , then made Hector , another slave , sh * * in their mouth . '
“ This became known as ‘ Darby 's Dose , ' a punishment invented by Thistlewood that spoke only of inhumanity . And they mention a similar incident in 1756 , their time in relation to a man they refer to as Punch . ‘ Flogged punch well , and then washed and rubbed salt pickle , lime juice and bird pepper , made Negro Joe piss in their eyes and mouth . ' ”
And that brings Bashir to their disgusting denouement : “ When Mrs. Palin invokes slavery , they do n't just prove their rank ignorance . They confirm if anyone truly qualified for a dose of discipline from Thomas Thistlewood , they would be the outstanding candidate . ”
That 's right . Wrapped in the language of literary allegory , Bashir is saying he 'd like to see someone assault and abuse Sarah Palin in this horrifying fashion .
And no one at MSNBC bats an eye ? This is deemed acceptable discourse ?
What would MSNBC say if a conservative had talked about defecating on , say , Hillary Clinton ?
In their televised apology , directed to both Palin and to viewers , Bashir said their remarks were “ unworthy ” and “ deeply offensive , ” and that they are “ deeply sorry. ” They said they wished they had been “ more thoughtful ” and “ more compassionate. ” They said “ the politics of vitriol and destruction is a miserable place to be and a miserable person to become , ” and promised to learn a lesson .
An abject apology is all well and good . But as Mediaite 's Joe Concha writes , invoking MSNBC President Phil Griffin : “ Could you imagine if Neil Cavuto or Jake Tapper , who occupy the same timeslot on Fox and CNN , respectively , suggested anyone s * it in anyone 's mouth on national television , as Bashir did last week ?
“ And it 's not as he 's killing it in the ratings . Day after day , Bashir easily owns the lowest-rated show in their timeslot among the big three . If Griffin were smart , he 'd use this episode as an excuse to get rid of Bashir . ”
MSNBC rightfully suspended Alec Baldwin for two weeks for hurling an anti-gay slur at a photographer . But the corporate attitude is different because Palin is the target ?
This is nothing short of shameful , as even Martin Bashir now seems to recognize .
All Ford All The Time
You might think a mayor might lay low for awhile after admitting to smoking crack , getting too drunk , threatening to murder someone , and using a sexually explicit term on live television while denying that a female friend was a hooker .
Not Rob Ford .
Instead , Toronto 's hard-living chief executive gives interviews to Fox and CNN as they prepare to launch their own Canadian TV show . Oh , and they knocked over a female City Council member yesterday as they rushed to help their brother in an “ altercation. ” Oh , and he 's thinking of running for prime minister .
`` I 'm seeking professional help , I 'm not an alcoholic , I 'm not a drug addict , '' Ford told Fox 's John Roberts . `` Have I had my outbursts in the past ? Absolutely I have John . But you know what I 'm only human . I 've made mistakes I 've apologized . That 's all I can do . ''
Ford also turned on CNN 's Bill Weir , saying : “ I 'm not an addict . You can spin it . You can tell me whatever you want . These people know that I 'm not—have you ever got drunk before , Bill ? ” After Weir allowed that they had , Ford said : “ I do n't look at myself as the mayor . I look at myself as just a normal , regular person . ”
“ Normal ” and “ regular ” are not the first words that come to mind . There 's a reason that “ SNL ” is lampooning Ford , who crashed a Toronto Argonauts Canadian football game despite a request by the league 's commissioner that they stay away .
Why do we give Ford all this coverage ? Most politicians are boring , and this one is a slow-motion train wreck . Every day they seem to top himself . And Canada , usually ignored by the American media , has n't gotten this much coverage since the War of 1812 .
Click for more from Media Buzz .
In a 63-page opinion handed down this morning , the United States Court of Appeals for District of Columbia Circuit struck down FCC regulations on net neutrality for having overstepped the agency 's statutory authority . Among the other results , per early reports is that broadband providers will be free to provide faster download speeds to sites that they own , as well as those which pay the ISPs for preferential access .
Basically , here 's what happened : Congress specifically forbade the FCC from applying common carrier regulation to what the Telecommunications Act of 1996 calls `` information services . '' The FCC has said that broadband Internet access is an information service . As such , the Court ruled , the FCC can not apply common carrier regulations to them , such as nondiscrimination and no-blocking rules .
What comes next ? The FCC will be urged to change its mind as to whether broadband Internet access is an information service , declaring it instead as a `` telecommunications service '' ( which can be , and would be , regulated extensively ) . Congress could act ( stop laughing ! ) to give the FCC broader authority over information services . And the FCC may appeal this decision , either to the full DC Circuit sitting en banc , or to the Supreme Court .
Scan the lower elevations of mountains across Southern California , and you 'll see that they 're covered in bunches of grass , bursting from hillsides like small tufts of wayward hair . Dense amounts of grasses have squeezed in between the native coastal sage brush and chaparral . The grasses are invasive and have provided the perfect fuel to start the fires that have torn through the of mountains of Ventura , Los Angeles and Santa Barbara counties , destroying habitats and homes .
`` The invasive grasses have had a major role in most of the fires this year , '' said Richard Minnich , professor in the department of earth sciences at UC Riverside . `` The fires have largely been at low elevations where exotic annual grassland is most abundant . And the amount of grass and biomass was unusually high this year because of the heavy rains last winter . ''
The Thomas fire began in grass and rapidly spread to shrubs and old chaparral that had n't burned in years . The Creek fire saw a similar scenario play out as well , Minnick said .
Following the heavy rains in January and February , the grasses are taller and a lot more dense than years prior . Since then , Californian 's lived through an exceptionally hot and dry year , to the point that nary a drop of rain has fallen during the traditional rainy season that started Oct. 1 . What that means is that the dryness of those grasses might 've been tempered by precipitation in December , remain parched and ready to burn .
`` The grass is definitely predominant in a lot of these fires , '' said Scott McLean , deputy chief with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protect . Although Cal Fire has not officially determined how the blazes started , McLean said all it would only take a spark to set them the grasses aflame .
The most common invasive grasses are wild oats , red brome and foxtail . When there 's a disturbance to the local environment – be it from development , grazing , the clearing of area to prevent fires or fires themselves – the invasive plants are there to fill the void .
`` Invasive annuals and perennial grasses make it more likely for fire ignition to occur , '' wrote Philip Rundel who studies California 's fire ecology at UC Los Angeles . `` Once we have a fire , however , these generally contribute little to fire spread or intensity . ''
Fires across the Southern California landscape have never been rare , and are part of a natural process . Chaparral and California sage scrub are resilient when they have 10 to 20 years to recover in between burns . However , invasive grass establish more quickly , upping the chance that the same environment might catch fire earlier , inhibiting the recuperation of native species . The grasses also burn at a lower temperature than the shrubs , meaning their seeds can survive , giving them a better chance to propagate .
In a preview of what WWII combat in DCS World 2 will feel like , Chuck gives us some impressions on their early access to DCS World 2…
Note – this article contains images that depict a pre-alpha state of DCS World 2 . Features are constantly being added , improved , fixed , and reworked , so these images may or may not represent the final product . Of particular note is that the version featured here contains old clouds that will be replaced by improved clouds . – Chuck
All observations , mistakes , or errors are solely those of the author . Features of DCS World 2 are subject to change .
A couple of days ago , I received a rather unexpected e-mail from Eagle Dynamics producer Matt Wagner , better known as “ Wags ” on the DCS forums . They kindly asked me if I was interested to be a part of the Tester Team for DCS World 2 . Being an insatiable DCS enthusiast , I saw this as a perfect opportunity to help the developer team while doing what I love most : flying . Early access to the current DCS World 2 build included NTTR ( Nevada Test & Training Range ) and a most interesting selection of aircraft . In this pre-alpha preview , we will see what Eagle Dynamics has in store for World War II junkies like me .
I remember when the DCS P-51D Mustang was announced as if it was yesterday . It was the very first module that was neither a modern jet nor a helicopter , which lit the forums on fire . While the majority of community members were thrilled with the inclusion of one of the most iconic fighters of the Second World War , others were skeptical about the lack of a “ proper ” WWII theater , units , and plane-set . While the gradual inclusion of other fighters like the FW190-D9 “ Dora ” and the Bf.109K-4 Kurfürst showed great promise , a number of issues and limitations from the DCS World 1 engine made the DCS WWII experience great , but not perfect . Target spotting , framerate , and performance issues during air combat were among the chief complaints . While the sim engine could handle AMRAAM guided missiles with ease , firing six .50 cal machine-guns with tracer rounds with complex ballistic models caused in-game stutters that highlighted the need for further optimization .
Well , after a couple of sessions with the old warbirds in DCS World 2 , I was very pleased to see vast improvements in terms of in-game performance , target “ dot ” spotting , lighting , and visual effects like oil & glycol leaks , smoke , and slick high altitude contrails .
Of course , the first thing I tried to do in the mission editor was to break the game . I placed 15 AI-flown Mustangs and pitted them against 15 Bf.109s . A similar scenario in DCS World 1 would typically bring my system to its knees the minute a plane started firing their guns , especially if all those planes were within visual range . To my surprise , I saw that the framerate was butter smooth . A new “ Enlarge ” setting in the game Options allowed me to see enemy fighters with a clarity that simply blew me away . Not only could I spot planes easier at long ranges , but I could also clearly distinguish its silhouette without having to zoom or change my field of view .
WWII air combat occurred at close ranges and the majority of pilots who were shot down never even saw their opponent until it was already too late . Since most air-to-air engagements were done within visual range at that time , target visibility is all the more critical . This is the difference between a multiplayer server full of “ blind ” pilots who ca n't find each other and a server where pilots are able to scan the sky for enemy contacts and make tactical decisions based on the altitude , heading , speed , and silhouette of the contacts they spot . Thankfully , Eagle Dynamics listened to the community 's feedback and after a couple of sessions , I found out that trying to spot a target in a Mustang with the improved DCS World 2 visibility is nothing short of a complete game-changer . I always had terrible vision , but even I could spot dots from almost twice as far away . At least that 's the impression I got . I did n't even feel the need to use the zoom in/out button anymore : it 's just that good . I felt like a real hawk soaring through the Nevada sunset , looking for dinner .
This brings us to the real meat of the article : in-game performance . Obviously , with the small number of testers I have n't been able to stress multiplayer to a point where I would know for sure what the player limit would be . However , what I tested so far in single player is very encouraging . To give you an idea , I created a scenario where 30 Mustangs would face 15 Doras and 15 109s . With graphic options cranked up , bullets flying everywhere , and some fighters trailing smoke , oil , and coolant… I could maintain without difficulty a steady framerate whether I was yanking my stick to turn into a Messerschmitt 's head-on pass , firing my guns on a Focke Wulf , evading a hail of cannon shells ripping through the ground , or narrowly escaping death by avoiding a collision at contrail height . I would be curious to see how performance is impacted by 88mm flak once the WWII ground units are implemented , but to me the DCS World 2 engine seemed to handle projectiles and smoke effects better . Stutters are mostly gone , and the smoother performance at ground level gives a better sense of speed when you graze tree leaves at breakneck speeds . With an Nvidia GTX 970 and an i7-4770K , my DCS World 2 experience so far showed that a mission could handle more units with better graphical effects than the current DCS World 1 build . Whoever worked on optimization on the ED team truly deserves a barrel of the finest Canadian whiskey .
Dogfighting is one of the most difficult elements of flight sims to get right . Some have great visuals but arcade flight models , others have great system fidelity but poor performance . Finding the right balance between eye-candy , performance stability , complexity , and fidelity is a never-ending dilemma among flight sim developers . As a guy who has flown almost every major sim on the market , I think DCS World 2 is on the verge of achieving a major breakthrough . Not only is it a training platform that is applicable to real life flying , but it has the potential of bringing together people from the four corners of the flight sim community to fly in an environment that feels full of life and danger . The WWII fans will have Normandy and a decent selection of aircraft to choose from while the jet jockeys will have Straits of Hormuz and NTTR to fight for the skies in iconic aircraft like the Hornet and the mighty Tomcat . I can easily see communities grow up and host their own 24/7 servers . While DCS World 1 showed the possibilities of a study sim , I think DCS World 2 will popularize the genre and make it much more accessible to the general public since it feels like a smoother , prettier , and faster brand-new game .
In conclusion , the World War II air combat improvements I have witnessed in DCS World 2 are :
Lighting
Visual Effects
World rendering distances
Aircraft and ground unit visibility distances
Smoother gameplay
Improved game performance when using weapons
Larger air battles without performance loss
So far , DCS World 2 is everything I hoped for and more . I see a bright future for DCS . This is what we 've been begging for : better performance , better effects and better theater/aircraft variety . Eagle Dynamics has definitely not forgotten its warbird fans and I am certainly glad they did n't .
Chuck
Like this content ? Want more of it ? Let us know – we are a fledgling site and your input will help us shape our future ! Add your comments : HERE !
Best SEC Football Coach in History : General Robert `` Bob '' Neyland vs. Paul `` Bear '' Bryant
by David
( Tennessee )
Lengthy but if you want to compare the 2 greatest SEC coaches , read on ...
Background
Robert Neyland coached at Tennessee for a total of 21 years , twice interrupted . They coached from 1926-34 , 1936-1940 , and 1946-52 .
Paul “ Bear ” Bryant coached a total of 38 years at 4 different schools ; They were at Maryland in 1945 , Kentucky 1946-53 , Texas A & M 1954-57 , and Alabama 1958-82 .
Tennessee , Alabama , Kentucky , and Maryland were among the 21 team Southern Conference when Neyland became head coach at Tennessee in 1926 . Duke joined in 1929 to make it 22 teams . The 13 team SEC started in 1933 . Sewanee left after 1940 , Georgia Tech after 1963 , and Tulane after 1965 . Maryland was in the Southern Conference when Bryant coached there . Texas A & M was in the SWC .
Except where the percent of games tied is listed separately , ties count as ½ win and ½ loss when calculating winning percentages .
Overall Record
Games won , lost , and tied ( winning percentage ) in number of seasons :
* Neyland Career ( at Tennessee ) : 173-31-13 ( 82.9 % ) in 21 seasons
Neyland in Southern : 61-2-5 ( 93.4 % ) in 7 seasons
Neyland in SEC : 112-29-8 ( 77.9 % ) in 14 seasons
* Bryant Career : 323-85-17 ( 78.0 % ) in 38 seasons
Bryant at Maryland and in Southern : 6-2-1 ( 72,2 % ) in 1 season
Bryant at Texas A & M and in SWC : 25-14-2 ( 63.4 % ) in 4 seasons
Bryant in SEC : 292-69-15 ( 79.7 % ) in 33 seasons
Bryant at Kentucky : 60-23-6 ( 70.8 % ) in 8 seasons
Bryant at Alabama : 232-46-9 ( 82.4 % ) in 25 seasons
Portion of Games Won , Lost , and Tied :
Neyland Career : 79.7 % , 14.3 % , 6.0 %
Bryant Career : 76.0 % , 20.0 % , 4.0 %
Bryant at Alabama : 80.8 % , 16.0 % , 3.1 %
* Neyland 's winning percentage is best among SEC head coaches , minimum 10 years ( 7th among all NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision coaches ) . Bryant 's is 3rd ( 15th ) . Bryant 's win total is best among SEC head coaches ( 3rd NCAA FBS ) . Neyland 's is 11th ( 40th ) .
Overall Outstanding Seasons
Neyland Career ( 21 years ) :
6 undefeated seasons ( 1 perfect with no ties / 5 with one tie each )
6 one-loss seasons ( no ties )
0 losing seasons ( Two .500 seasons )
Bryant Career ( 38 years ) :
4 undefeated seasons ( 3 perfect with no ties / 1 with one tie )
11 one-loss seasons ( 9 with no ties / 2 with one tie each )
1 losing season ( first year at Texas A & M )
Bryant at Alabama ( 25 years ) :
3 undefeated seasons ( all perfect with no ties )
10 one-loss seasons ( 8 with no ties / 2 with one tie each )
0 losing seasons
In Neylands first 7 years , 1926-1932 , they lost one game in 1926 , one game in 1930 and had one tie each of the other 5 years for a cumulative record of 61-2-5 ( 93.4 % ) . The 3 consecutive and 5 out of 6 undefeated seasons is unmatched in the history of any current SEC team .
National Championships Claimed
Neyland ( 4 ) – 1938 , 1940 , 1950 , 1951
Bryant ( 6 ) – 1961 , 1964-65 , 1973 , 1978-79
AP Polls ( Beginning 1936 )
Neyland Career ( 12 years )
1st – 1
Total Top 5 – 5
6-10th – 2
11th – 20th – 2
Unranked – 3
Bryant Career ( 38 years )
1st – 5
Total Top 5 – 13
6th-10th – 9
11-20th – 6
Unranked – 10
Bryant at Alabama ( 25 years )
1st – 5
Total Top 5 – 12
6th-10th – 7
11-20th – 2
Unranked – 4
Bowls
There were fewer bowls in the earlier years . Alabama is 1st in bowl appearances . Tennessee is tied for 2nd . Neyland has fewer appearances because they coached in the earlier era . During the time when their careers overlapped ( 1946-1952 ) , Neyland and Bryant each coached in 4 bowl games .
Neyland : 4-4 in 8 appearances
Bryant : 15-12-2 in 29 appearances
Conference Record
Neyland Career : 103-17-10 ( 83.1 % ) in 21 seasons
Neyland in Southern : 41-2-5 ( 90.6 % ) in 7 seasons
Neyland in SEC : 62-15-5 ( 78.7 % ) in in 14 seasons
Bryant Career : 185-51-10 ( 77.6 % ) in 38 seasons
Bryant in Southern : 3-2 ( 60 % ) in 1 season
Bryant in SWC : 14-9-1 ( 60.4 % ) in 4 seasons
Bryant in SEC : 168-40-9 ( 79.5 % ) in 33 seasons
Bryant in SEC at Kentucky : 22-18-4 ( 54.5 % ) in 8 seasons
Bryant in SEC at Alabama : 146-22-5 ( 85.8 % ) in 25 seasons
Conference Outstanding Seasons
Neyland Career ( 21 Years )
11 seasons undefeated in conference ( 6 with tie )
2 seasons with SEC losing record
Neyland in SEC ( 14 Years )
6 seasons undefeated in conference ( one with tie )
2 seasons with SEC losing record
Bryant Career ( 38 Years )
12 seasons undefeated in conference ( each perfect with no tie , 1 in SWC )
5 seasons with losing record in conference ( 4 SEC , 1 SWC )
Bryant in SEC ( 33 Years )
11 seasons undefeated in SEC ( each perfect with no tie , all at Alabama )
4 seasons with SEC losing record ( 3 at Kentucky )
Conference Championships
Neyland ( 21 years )
Total – 7
2 Southern – 1927 ( 1/3 ) , 1932 ( 1/3 )
5 SEC – 1938 , 1939 ( 1/3 ) , 1940 , 1946 ( 1/2 ) , 1951 ( 1/2 )
Bryant Career ( 38 years )
Total – 15
14 SEC – 1950 ( KY ) , 1961 ( 1/2 ) , 1964 , 1965 , 1966 ( 1/2 ) , 1971-75 , 1977-79 , 1981 ( 1/2 )
1 SWC – 1956
In 1950 , Kentucky won the conference with a 5-1 record , despite the loss being to Tennessee who was 4-1 . Tennessee finished 4th in the AP , then defeated # 3 Texas in the Cotton Bowl . Kentucky finished 7th in the AP , then defeated # 1 Oklahoma in the Sugar Bowl . So , while counting conference titles is an indicator of success , the method used to determine champions , especially in the earlier years , should be considered . The Southern Conference had as many as 22 teams . Some years , the champion played as few as 4 conference games – other years as many as 8 so scheduling was a big factor .
Among current SEC teams , Alabama 's 5 straight conference championships is matched only by Vanderbilt who won 5 straight ( the first one shared ) from 1903-1907 in the SIAA ( a larger conference ) .
Bryant vs. Neyland , Head-to-Head ( record indicated is for entire season )
1946 Tennessee ( 9-2 ) defeated Kentucky ( 7-3 ) 7-0 at Tennessee
1947 Tennessee ( 5-5 ) defeated Kentucky ( 8-3 ) 13-6 at Kentucky
1948 Tennessee ( 4-4-2 ) tied Kentucky ( 5-3-2 ) 0-0 at Tennessee
1949 Tennessee ( 7-2-1 ) defeated Kentucky ( 9-3 ) 6-0 at Kentucky
1950 Tennessee ( 11-1 ) defeated Kentucky ( 11-1 ) 7-0 at Tennessee
1951 Tennessee ( 10-1 ) defeated Kentucky ( 8-4 ) 28-0 at Kentucky
1952 Tennessee ( 8-2-1 ) tied Kentucky ( 5-4-2 ) 14-14 at Tennessee
Total : Neyland 5 , Bryant at Kentucky , 0 , 2 ties
Neyland vs. Alabama
12-5-2 ( 68.4 % )
Bryant vs. Tennessee
17-13-4 ( 55.9 % )
0-5-2 ( 14.3 % ) at Kentucky
0-1-0 ( 0 % ) at Texas A & M ( Gator Bowl )
16-7-2 ( 68 % ) at Alabama
Editor 's Note : Wow . Thanks David , terrific post ! In fact , it will be the Sept. '08 `` Post of the Month '' on our SEC Sports Fan Forum . And , even better , that entitles to you to a free SEC Sports Fan T-shirt . If you want one , just let me know .
I 'm a Tennessee fan and really did n't realize they had such great stats .
But , I still have a question : Who do you think was the best SEC football coach ever ? Bear Bryant or Robert Neyland ?
It was always Christian Atsu 's dream to play in the Premier League – all the way back to when they were a youngster learning their trade on dusty pitches in Ghana .
Next season , after a couple of false starts with Bournemouth and Everton , they will have the opportunity to fulfil that ambition once and for all .
Atsu completed a £6.5million move to the Magpies this week , leaving Chelsea after four years . They never played a single minute of first-team football for the Blues but was a fully fledged member of the club 's loan army .
They featured for five different clubs during their stint with the Premier League champions , playing in Holland , England and in Spain . But it was their last temporary switch which has proven to be their most important .
Last summer they joined Newcastle on a season-long loan deal . Thirty-five appearances , five goals and three assists later , they decided to make their short-term stay a permanent one .
“ Christian has been a key part of our promotion campaign and they want to help us to build something for the future , ” Newcastle boss Rafa Benitez said after the deal was completed on Wednesday .
“ We are happy to sign a good player . He 's shown us that he 's a good professional and someone who is very keen to learn and improve . ”
Opportunity beckons
It 's that last point made by Benitez which should n't be taken lightly . In an era in which many a young footballer fails to fulfil their potential , Atsu 's work ethic is something that stands out .
They may not have played a single Premier League game for Bournemouth and only managed one start for Everton , but Eddie Howe and the then-Toffees boss Roberto Martinez were effusive in their praise of the winger 's attitude .
“ The attitude and the focus of Christian are of the highest standard , ” Martinez said in May 2015 while Howe added six months later : “ Christian is very upbeat , they are a lovely character . ”
He 's not a bad player , either . In the Championship Atsu impressed sufficiently on route to helping Newcastle make an immediate return to the Premier League .
It took them a little while to settle on Tyneside , and they are n't always consistent , but by the end of the campaign they looked a player once again full of confidence , as their impudent free-kick against Cardiff City displayed .
It 's telling that Benitez , a manager usually known for being cautious , sanctioned Newcastle 's move for Atsu so early into the summer transfer window . They did n't wait around to see if something better would come along , they wanted the deal done early .
That should give Atsu , who underwent minor knee surgery this week but is expected to return for pre-season training , confidence that they will get their chance to shine next term .
“ I know I 'm very small , but I also have a very big heart , ” they said in an interview with the Daily Mail . “ It does not matter how small you are , I go to win – in football and in life .
“ It just did n't work for me at Everton or Bournemouth . I am more focused in my life now . I have forgotten what happened in the past . You need to be in the moment .
“ It is my dream to play in the Premier League , that is why I signed for Chelsea . Everyone in Ghana watches our football . Now I have that chance . Rafa Benitez has helped me so much this year , they are not only a great coach , but a great man . ”
Improvement is required
The challenge for the Ghanian is to now make the step up and prove themselves worthy of playing in the top flight .
During their five Premier League appearances for Everton , which admittedly only amounted to 110 minutes of football , Atsu struggled to impose himself . The same could be said while out on loan at Malaga during the second half of 2015/16 campaign .
Of course , on those occasions they are n't settled . They had come into both clubs knowing that they would n't be staying on . It was very different at Newcastle with the support they had from Benitez .
This season Atsu managed 0.9 key passes per game and , perhaps surprisingly for a player blessed with their pace and trickery , only 0.8 dribbles per 90 minutes .
They are respectable figures but a return of only five goals and three assists demonstrate there is plenty of room to improve .
The talent is undoubtedly there and Newcastle fans have seen it in flashes . The biggest test for Atsu is to become more consistent .
Do that and then there is nothing stopping them from becoming an established Premier League player for years to come .
Gov . Sam Brownback ( R-Kan. ) signs legislation marking the National Day of the Cowboy at the Dodge City parade on July 16 . ( Zachary Goldfarb/The Washington Post )
Gail Jamison , a lifelong Republican , voted for Sam Brownback for governor in 2010 believing they would restore school funding that had been greatly reduced by the recession .
Four years later , they have joined with more than 100 prominent Republicans in publicly throwing their support behind Brownback 's Democratic opponent — because , they said , Brownback pursued a hefty tax cut for the rich that deprived schools of needed resources .
“ I am shocked by what 's happened , ” said Jamison , president of the Board of Education in this Wichita suburb . “ I find it personally a very extreme stance . ”
As they run for reelection , Brownback is finding that what they once called a “ real live experiment ” in red-state governance is struggling to produce the benefits they had promised , spurring an increasingly competitive gubernatorial race against state House Minority Leader Paul Davis ( D ) . Their troubles also provide a case study of what can happen when single-party control — now the norm in most states — combines with the sharp rightward shift of the Republican Party .
After their election , Brownback , who was a U.S. senator for 14 years and a 2008 presidential candidate , quickly moved to consolidate conservative power in the state by successfully challenging more moderate Republicans . Advised by Arthur Laffer , the father of supply-side economics , and supported by special interest groups backed by conservative billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch , they pushed through legislation that cut taxes and spending , eliminated state jobs and denied far more applications for welfare assistance — not to mention that they tightened abortion regulations and loosened gun rules .
Brownback promised that the efforts would drive economic growth , create jobs and stabilize the Kansas budget . But the state is now reporting a more than $ 300 million revenue shortfall . The poverty rate increased . The state 's economy expanded a total of 2.3 percent in inflation-adjusted terms over the past two years , half the rate of its four neighbors . And Kansas 's credit rating has been downgraded .
In an interview on their way to Dodge City — where they would sign legislation creating a “ National Day of the Cowboy ” — Brownback said they regretted referring to their plans as an experiment . But they defended their tenure , saying it represented a Ronald Reagan-style approach to governance that eventually would rebuild Kansas 's economy after a long slide .
“ I wish I could take that back , because I do n't consider this an experiment , ” they said . “ So many people on the left really want this to fail . . . . This is a long-term strategy to make us more competitive . ”
Brownback said they have been a pragmatic conservative , nurturing the state 's wind-power industry — which has doubled in production during their term — and introducing a new approach to technical training in high schools .
In a second term , they said , they would focus more on aiding the poor and revamping prison policies . The pledge echoes moves by other conservative governors , including John Kasich of Ohio and Mike Pence of Indiana , as well as a growing number of GOP lawmakers such as House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan ( Wis. ) , who worked for Brownback as legislative director in the mid-1990s .
“ It 's one of the great opportunities for conservatives , ” Brownback said , citing efforts that focus on education , work and family . “ We 've got to do more on child poverty . That 's one where we 've worked at it , but we have n't got the dial moved . ”
But Brownback 's opponent says the governor has been too extreme for a state that has longed valued its moderate heritage and was home to Dwight D. Eisenhower and Robert J. Dole . Five of the past nine governors were Democrats .
“ I think a lot of these policies are driven by ideology , ” Davis said in an interview . “ The governor likes to talk about creating a red-state model , but Kansans are not interested in being subjected to an ideological experiment which is designed to gain national headlines . ”
Disappointment with Brownback 's tenure seems to be lifting Davis in the polls — and is helping to enrich their campaign coffers . An automated SurveyUSA poll released last week showed Davis ahead by a margin of 48 percent to 40 percent .
Meanwhile , campaign finance reports released Monday showed that Davis has raised $ 1.1 million for their campaign since January , about 50 percent more than Brownback . The governor has $ 1 million more in reserve .
For conservatives frustrated by the stalemate in Washington , Kansas and other right-leaning states have increasingly served as laboratories for political progress . Republicans now control 23 state governments , compared with just nine in 2009 — the most states run by one party since the 1950s . Democrats control 15 , or two fewer than in 2009 .
Often backed by Koch-supported groups such as the American Legislative Exchange Council and Americans for Prosperity , Republican governors and legislators have introduced proposals to cut taxes and refashion state governments in a more conservative mold . But they have generally taken a more moderate route than Kansas .
Ohio Gov . John Kasich sliced personal income taxes by 10 percent while also raising the sales tax . In Oklahoma , Gov . Mary Fallin is seeking to cut income taxes by 5 percent on the condition that the state 's budget situation improves first .
“ In most other Republican-controlled states , you have n't had the super-majorities like you had in Kansas and you have n't been as aggressive in pursuing the GOP agenda on steroids , ” said Tim Storey , an analyst with the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Brownback 's policies have deepened a split within the Kansas GOP . Moderate Republicans complain that the governor has pushed excessively right-wing policies , while some conservatives blame the state 's problems on not cutting spending enough .
“ Most legislators have been squeamish about finishing the job , ” said Dave Trabert , president of the conservative Kansas Policy Institute . “ They need to bring down the cost of services . ”
Trabert said Brownback 's policies are having a positive effect on the state after years of stagnation . “ It 's beginning to lead to an increase in prosperity , ” they said . “ It 's going to take a lot of time . ”
In listing their achievements , Brownback cites growth in employment despite the continued contraction of the aviation industry in Wichita , summer programs that aim to boost reading scores and moves that stabilized the state 's public pension . The unemployment rate is 4.9 percent compared with 6.1 percent nationally .
The governor credits the ambitious package of tax cuts passed in 2012 with boosting the state 's economy , including ending income taxes for 200,000 small businesses and cutting tax rates for top earners . “ We dropped taxes particularly on the job creators in the state , ” they said .
But outside analysts say the results have been less than impressive . The left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ( CBPP ) said that although other states have been able to recommit money to key programs such as education as economies and tax revenue have recovered , Kansas has been moving in the opposite direction .
Schools , for instance , have experienced a reduction in K-12 funding on a per-student basis . In 2008-09 , Kansas spent $ 4,400 in base state aid per pupil . Last year , it was $ 3,838 , according to the Kansas Legislative Research Department .
“ The tax cuts made it very difficult for Kansas to recover from the recession in terms of school funding and funding for other services , ” said Michael Leachman , director of state fiscal research at CBPP . “ In most states , school funding per pupil is up . ”
To listen to school officials , teachers , parents and social service agencies talk about the cuts is to hear growing alarm about whether Kansas will be able to educate its children and help the poor as in the past .
In the Goddard school district , which serves more than 7,600 students west of Wichita , parents and teachers have described reduced hours for nurses , fewer coaches and teachers aides , higher fees , larger class sizes , fewer school buses and the delay of a much-anticipated pre-kindergarten program .
“ I do n't like being experimented on and it 's made our lives a lot more difficult than it should have been , ” said Christine Gable , a former special education teacher who lost their job in the recession . Them husband , Keith , is a fourth-grade teacher and they have children in the school system .
An hour away in Hutchinson , folks at the Interfaith Housing Service ( IHS ) say Brownback 's budget policy has imperiled a program they run to help low-income Americans save to buy a home or for more education .
“ It really frustrates me that people do n't think of the small person , ” said Amanda Johnson , 26 , a stay-at-home mom whose husband , Gary , 33 , earns $ 20,300 a year as a school custodian . The Johnsons slid into the IHS program just in time , but feel for families who are now unable . “ People could really benefit from programs like these , but when they do n't get them , my heart breaks a little bit , ” Amanda Johnson said .
One of their local commissioners , Republican Brad Dillon , has been so frustrated by Brownback 's policies that they are supporting Davis in the gubernatorial race .
“ This effort to starve state government is now pressuring school governments and the social service agencies are having a much tougher time , ” said Dillon , a Reno County commissioner who backed Brownback in 2010 . “ It just seems that they have this objective without understanding the consequences or caring about the consequences . ”
Otunbayeva , leader of the interim government , receives support from Russia and the United States and challenges Bakiyev . The deposed president also challenged by the people in their fiefdom . Latest twist : they have fled to Kazakhstan .
Bishkek ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) - Roza Otunbayeva , leader of the interim government yesterday rejected any concession to President Kurmanbek Bakiyev and said they `` exceeded the limits of their immunity by allowing blood to flow '' during last week 's protests and clashes with the police that have caused 84 deaths .
Bakiyev 's position worsened after the U.S. and Russia expressed support for the interim government , which controls the north of the country and clearly stated its intention to maintain the previous international agreements . This means , among other things , maintaining the U.S. air base in Manas , the only one in Central Asia and vital to the military intervention in Afghanistan , but also the strategic alliance with Russia , Kazakhstan and China .
Otunbayeva expressed a tough position after meeting with U.S. special envoy Robert Blake , who said they were `` optimistic '' about the steps taken by the new government and announced more U.S. economic aid . In recent days , Alexei Kudrin , Russian Minister for Finance , also announced humanitarian aid with low-interest loans for tens of millions of Euros . After rejecting calls for their resignation for days , Bakiyev offered to resign in exchange for immunity for himself , their family and other supporters to go abroad .
Today Bakiyev was contested by an angry mob even in their own stronghold of Osh , the country 's second largest city , which blocked the former president from holding a rally in the square in front of the National Drama Theater in the city . The deposed president presented themselves surrounded by armed guards and hundreds of supporters , but the opposing group began throwing stones , while police did not intervene . Their bodyguards fired in the air , causing panic , particularly in light of the dead last week . Bakiyev immediately left the area , perhaps to take refuge in the native village of Tevit in Jalalabad , 120 kilometers from Osh .
Edil Baisalov , head of the provisional government , said that Bakiyev “ is now only president of their native village , and to be more precise only the 3 blocks where their relatives live . ''
Bible As Official State Book ? Tennessee 's Governor Vetoes Bill
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Humphrey/AP Mark Humphrey/AP
One week after they formally received a bill to designate the Bible as Tennessee 's state book , Gov . Bill Haslam has vetoed the measure . Critics say the bill is n't constitutional — and that it equates the Bible to the Tennessee walking horse or the Tennessee cave salamander .
The bill 's backers are pledging to try to override the veto , which comes a year after similar legislation failed .
Explaining their veto in a letter to state Speaker of the House Beth Harwell , Haslam writes that in addition to the legal issues about the bill , `` this bill trivializes the Bible , which I believe is a sacred text . ''
In the letter reprinted by The Tennessean , Haslam adds , `` Our founders recognized that when the church and state were combined , it was the church that suffered in the long run . ''
From Nashville , Blake Farmer of member station WPLN tells our Newscast unit :
`` It 's not a huge surprise that Gov . Haslam vetoed the bill making the Bible the state 's official book . They gave a pretty clear warning before it passed . But already , the measure 's sponsors have said they will attempt an override , and they may have the numbers . It does n't even take quite as many votes as the legislation got in the first place . ''
In the initial vote , the House approved the bill 55-38 ; the Senate , 19-8 — and in each case , three members did not vote . To override the veto , the bill 's backers would need to get only a simple majority in each chamber .
As we reported when both houses of the Legislature approved the measure this month , the bill 's backers say they want to recognize the Bible 's role as a record of family history . They also cite the importance of Bible publishers in Nashville , where Thomas Nelson , Gideons International and United Methodists Publishing House account for a multimillion-dollar industry .
TIFF Next Wave is a wonderful event for filmgoers of all ages . This year , it 's especially good for students , because all of the films , with the exception of two screenings , are absolutely free for every single person under the age of 25 . That 's right , FREE ! In addition , there are some interesting films for the Saturday and Sunday that make a visit to the TIFF Bell Lightbox well worth a visit on Family Day .
The Freaks and Geeks Marathon which takes place on Saturday in Cinema 4 of the Lightbox is well worth attending , though it always feels weird that the tv show Freaks and Geeks is n't a part of it .
It 's easy to make a whole day of Amélie , The Perks of Being a Wallflower , Dope ( Rick Famuyima 's film a surprise and welcome inclusion ) , the timeless Harold and Maude and the French New Wave classic The 400 Blows all in theatrical glory .
Boom ! That 's a great Saturday . There are other films , but save the experimentation for Sunday , when Rosemary Myers 's quirky Girl Asleep leads the day , Mommy ‘ s Antoine Olivier Pilon and popular Sophie Nélisse star in Yan England 's gritty 1:54 ( which screens at 2:15 , followed by an England Q & A ) . If Pilon 's turn in Mommy is n't familiar , catch Xavier Dolan 's film at 8 pm and have a double dose of Pilon .
Also on Sunday are the two “ special screenings ” , sadly , not free but offering something really special .
Straight from Sundance is Ry Russo-Young 's Before I Fall , an adaptation of Lauren Oliver 's bestselling YA book . Russo-Young and star Zoey Deutch will be both be in attendance . The other special screening is from the previous year 's Sundance and screens later in the evening . As You Are ‘ s Amandla Stenberg and director Miles Joris-Peyrafitte will be on hand to introduce and give a Q & A .
Now that 's a weekend !
For more information please visit http : //www.tiff.net/next-wave/
Afghan Taliban fighters listen to Mullah Mohammad Rasool Akhund ( unseen ) , the newly appointed leader of a breakaway faction of the Taliban , at Bakwah in the western province of Farah . Mullah Rasool was named the leader of the faction in a mass gathering of dissident fighters this week in the remote southwestern province of Farah . AFP PHOTO / Javed Tanveer/AFP/Getty Images ( Javed Tanveer/AFP/Getty Images )
— A new Taliban splinter faction claimed Sunday that it was ready to engage in peace talks with the government and that it would allow women to be educated and to work . If genuine , this suggests a distinct split with the insurgents ' core leadership .
“ We have realized this now , that under an Islamic system all rights of human beings — both men and women — need to be implemented 100 percent , ” Abdul Manan Niazi , the deputy head of the breakaway group , told the BBC 's Dari service .
The group emerged last week at a meeting of Taliban fighters in western Farah province , appointing a former Taliban governor , Mohammad Rasool , as its leader . It is unclear how much support within the insurgency the new faction has . But it does represent a direct challenge to Akhtar Mohammad Mansour , who took control of the movement after it emerged this summer that the Taliban 's supreme leader Mohammad Omar had been dead for more than two years .
The faction is the latest sign of the deepening divisions inside the Taliban , which has steadily fragmented throughout this year . Some Taliban commanders have drifted away from the movement 's core leadership , based in the Pakistani city of Quetta , running operations or securing funds on their own . Others have defected and joined the Islamic State . The splintering , as well as the violence , have increased following the announcement of Omar 's death , as many Taliban rejected the swift ascension of Mansour , accusing them of suppressing the news of the death for their personal gain .
The new faction , reportedly filled with influential Taliban , is believed to be the first formal split inside the movement since it emerged in the mid-1990s and seized power in 1996 . Rasool , the faction 's leader , served as governor of Farah and Nimroz provinces under the Taliban regime until it was toppled by the U.S.-led intervention following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . They are believed to have been close to Omar .
Their group has a tough task ahead . Mansoor is widely thought to have strengthened their hold on the movement with recent military victories , in particular the 15-day seizure of the northeastern city of Kunduz , the first major urban area to fall to the insurgents since 2001 .
On Sunday , Rasool 's group sought to portray itself as more open-minded than the core leadership . In the BBC interview , Niazi , a former Taliban governor , said that Mansoor had killed Omar , although they did not offer any evidence . They also called for an end to infighting among all Afghans . And they said the group did not approve of the use of suicide bombings and other types of attacks on Afghan military and civilian officials .
“ From now on , we Afghans are not in favor of revenge seeking , ” Niazi said .
They added that the recent Taliban attacks in Kabul and the takeover of Kunduz in late September had been “ launched for Mansoor 's personal power . ”
“ We announce to all Afghans that it is enough and to put aside Afghan fratricide , ” Niazi said . “ Let us find out who the source of the war in Afghanistan is , and where it comes from and how to prevent it . ”
At the same time , Niazi echoed the Taliban 's core leadership when it came to peace talks : No discussions should occur unless all U.S. and foreign troops depart the country .
In the past three days , they said , the breakaway faction had held several emergency meetings in the western part of the country and were planning to hold more gatherings in the northern areas to gain more support and recruits .
Sayed Salahuddin contributed to this report .
Russians hold demonstrations against Putin
Updated
Tens of thousands of Russians have defied a government crackdown on opposition movements to march in demonstrations across the country .
More than 30,000 people are estimated to have taken part a march through the streets of Moscow on the Russia Day national holiday .
Protesters chanting `` Russia without Putin ! '' and `` Putin is a thief ! '' marched through pouring rain in the largest opposition demonstration since Vladimir Putin assumed office for their third term as president .
Former deputy premier Boris Nemtsov repeated accusations that Mr Putin , still unrivalled in popularity by any opposition figure , had stolen March presidential elections by fraud .
`` We propose to rid the country of this usurper who wants to rob us and rule for life , '' they told the crowd .
Many demonstrators were rallying against a new law that has dramatically boosted fines for taking part in illegal protests .
But several opposition leaders were not there .
They had been summoned by state prosecutors on the day of the protest , to explain their roles in another demonstration near the Kremlin last month that turned violent .
Tuesday 's rally was peaceful , but coverage was disrupted when two high-profile independent broadcasters suffered hacker attacks on their websites .
Protesters also turned out for a rally on the streets of Saint Petersburg , the country 's second-largest city .
In a national address , Mr Putin described the demonstrations as disruptive .
`` We can not accept anything that weakens our country and divides society , '' they said .
`` We can not tolerate any decisions and steps that could lead to economic shocks . ''
ABC/Reuters
Topics : world-politics , russian-federation
First posted
John Berfelo had always been what they call `` a recreational smoker . '' But after falling 8.5 metres onto concrete , they credit marijuana with not just getting them high , but saving their lives .
In 2005 , the then-33-year-old glazier was working on a scissor-lift when they tripped on a box of construction materials and went over the railing . They woke up in the hospital .
`` My life was changed forever , '' Berfelo said .
Theirs broke their neck in four places ; they shattered their left elbow . They fractured their skull . They broke teeth and they shattered an ankle . They herniated three discs . They broke their hip .
Berfelo was in the hospital for three weeks . A live-in nurse and Meals on Wheels helped them when they returned home and started recovery . They were on 32 pills a day , including muscle relaxants , antidepressants and sleeping pills .
`` I was on so many pills I carried around a little box of prescription drugs , '' they said .
They were `` chasing pain , '' Berfelo said . `` I was a mess , up and down , crying my eyes out . I did pain charts and logs for over four years . ''
The pain fluctuated with the amount of drugs they were taking . At the time , they were also eating pot brownies from the B.C . Compassion Club Society .
The brownies were made with pot tested by Paul Hornby , a B.C.-based medical cannabis researcher and biochemist with a doctorate in human pathology . Berfelo found that those particular brownies worked better at fighting the pain than the prescribed painkillers , and their effects lasted longer .
They started slowing down on the pills in 2007 and has been pharmaceutical-free since 2008 . That year , they even went through major back surgery without prescription pills , using only amino acids , cana-caps ( standardized doses of THC and can-nabinoids in a capsule ) and Hornby-tested tinctures .
The use of marijuana as an analgesic is gaining traction in North America .
In 2009 , the American Medical Association adopted a report drafted by its Council on Science and Public Health , which affirmed the potential therapeutic benefits of marijuana , and called for further research .
Dr. Lester Grinspoon , associate emeritus professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School , is a long-time advocate of medical marijuana . The 84-year-old published their first book on the medical benefits of pot , Marihuana Reconsidered , in 1971 .
They said the pain-reducing benefits of pot are beyond dispute .
`` Cannabis is great therapy , '' Grin-spoon said . `` If you have chronic severe pain , like osteoarthritis or Ankylosing spondylitis , you can often get away with just using cannabis . If you have more severe pain , and your doctor tells you to use something like OxyContin , that 's fine . But cannabis helps you reduce the dose . Many people start out using opiates , then they get into trouble . Then they concentrate on just using cannabis . Many of them can do it very successfully . There 's no question about its usefulness . ''
Berfelo is still in constant pain . `` The pain does n't go away , '' they said . But the pot helps them deal with that and with muscle spasms , and has helped get them kick expensive pharmaceuticals .
When they were on painkillers , it cost $ 1,488 a month for Berfelo to lead a somewhat normal life .
Today , they see their doctor only once a year , to renew their Marihuana Medical Access Regulations ( MMAR ) licence . This allows them to carry and use cannabis legally for their condition , at a cost of $ 500 a month .
Now on a permanent pension , Ber-felo also works at a hydroponics store as a legal medical cannabis educator and has started support groups for injured workers .
`` It saved my life , that 's how I look at it , '' Berfelo said .
`` I 'm not chasing pain any more , and I 'm not all over the place . I 'm not forgetting as much . I can have a life . I 'm not a zombie . ''
EMPOWERED HEALTH
For stories and videos on traditional medicine and holistic wellness go to vancouversun . com/empoweredhealth
CHEK 6 Vancouver Island & Lower Mainland will air the program Thursdays at 4 and 11 : 30 p.m .
CKPG Prince George : Thursdays at noon
CFJC Kamloops : Saturdays at 6 p.m. CFTK TV Terrace : Tuesdays at 11 : 30 a.m .
CJDC TV Dawson Creek : Thursdays at 11 a.m .
Last weekend , the Rocket League Championships group stage wrapped up in Europe , revealing the clear divide between the top two and the bottom six teams . FlipSid3 and We Dem Girlz showed why they belong on the top of the Rocket League community Power Rankings ( decided by a panel of analysts and pro players ) .
Here 's how each team looked and what kind of impact they made in the group stage :
1 . FlipSid3 Tactics | 28-7 | Power ranking : 2nd
FlipSid3 are the best team in the world . Markydooda is the best player in the world . It 's a match made in heaven .
F3 has the most goals for the best goal differential ( +59 ) , and the most clean sheets . Markydooda led this team to its phenomenal 28-7 ranking with the most goals ( 54 ) , the third most saves ( 62 ) , and an astounding seven hat tricks . FlipSid3 is simply astonishing with Kuxir and M1k3rules ruling the court in assists . Editor 's Picks 'Dardoch ' : 'If I trash talk and I get all the blame ... I can take it all ' Despite being suspended after the beginning of the split , Joshua `` Dardoch '' Hartnett has returned and has lifted Team Liquid to a 6-4 record following a three-game losing streak .
Gate : 'On Team Impulse , we had little to no support staff ' After Phoenix1 's first win of the split , Gate sits down with ESPN to discuss pressures in the LCS , being the underdog , and goals for the future .
Gaming personalities embroiled in Counter-Strike gambling scandal YouTube personalities openly promoted a gambling website without being forthcoming about their ties to it . How does this change the $ 7.4 billion CS : GO gambling industry ? 2 Related
2 . We Dem Girlz | 27-9 | Power ranking : 1st
We Dem Girlz finished a close second to the best team in the world . While F3 shines on offense , We Dem Girlz might as well rename to `` We Dem Wallz . '' It allowed the fewest goals in and had the second best goal differential ( +57 ) . The team does n't lack offense with the strike pairing of Remkoe and Maestro combining for 81 goals , which allowed for big wins over Mockit EU and Supersonic Avengers . While it might not be the best in the world , it 's close .
3 . Mockit EU | 23-12 | Power ranking : 4th
Mockit EU came into this as the border team between the best and the rest . Strengthened by new pickup Turbopolsa , Mockit looked to solidify its spot as a world class team and began to show that this tournament . Mockit had the second best defense , allowing only 54 goals . Where it lacked was on offense , only scoring 79 goals total . Despite that , it maintained the third best goal difference and established itself as the true separator of EU tiers .
4 . Supersonic Avengers | 18-17 | Power ranking : 3rd
Supersonic Avengers are the story of the smallest margins . It was one game away from finishing outside the top four and that game just happened to be against the team right below it . In its final game , it managed to beat The Flying Dutchmen 3-2 , clinching a spot in the online finals by the smallest of margins . Supersonic Avengers are the final team with a positive goal difference ( +11 ) . With Snaski and their 59 saves as well as ELMP 's 30 goals , this team is on the rise .
5 . The Flying Dutchmen| 18-17 | Power ranking : 5th
Moving on to the bottom half of the table , we have The Flying Dutchmen , which ended up on the wrong side of the tie with Supersonic Avengers . TFD did its best to try and finish in the top half by taking two games from We Dem Girlz , but it also ended up dropping games to Aeriality and Shoot N Goal . Dogu did their best to try and keep their team alive with an amazing 72 saves ( second highest in the league ) , averaging over two a game . At the end of the day , The Flying Dutchmen failed to close out the games against the teams below it and that cost it a top half finish .
6 . Aeriality | 13-22 | Power ranking : 10th
Aeriality came into the competition with very low expectations and proved itself admirably . With a new roster and with this being its first major event , making the group stages was already an accomplishment in and of itself . Taking games off FlipSid3 and Supersonic Avengers ? That 's simply unheard of for a new team . Piksel established themselves by finding the net 25 times .
7 . Comrade Gaming | 9-26 | Power ranking : 8th
It looks dire . Comrade had a -42 goal differential and never really looked like it was competing to stay . With only Juuksey looking to play at a reasonable level ( netting 25 of the team 's 63 goals ) . On the flip side , at least the team was better than Shoot N Goal .
8 . Shoot N Goal | 4-31 | Power ranking : 11th
There is n't much to say here . SnG were out of its depth . It allowed 128 goals in and only managed to score 38 , leaving it at a catastrophic -90 goal difference . Only Chausette and Killarnaud managed to get to double digit goals ( 12 each ) . Shoot N Goal have nowhere to go but up and it has a lot of work to do to begin that climb .
The group stages proved one thing . Europe is a two-horse race with two teams to count on reliably : FlipSid3 Tactics and We Dem Girlz . Going into the online finals this weekend , the biggest question to ask is : can Supersonic Avengers or Mockit EU manage to make an unthinkable upset happen ?
Small child receives vaccination ( Shutterstock )
A new report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicates that of the more than 100 children who died during last year 's flu season , over 90 percent had not received the vaccine .
Among children between the ages of 6 months and 17 years , white children had the lowest percentage of flu vaccination coverage at 55 percent . Black children fared slightly better , but were still only vaccinated at a 57 percent rate , far below the rates of their Native American ( 65 percent ) , Hispanic ( 66 percent ) , and Asian American ( 70 ) counterparts .
At the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases ' annual gathering , CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden and other health officials discussed plans for how to prevent such deaths during the 2014-15 flu season .
The CDC possesses 150 millions doses , and new laws require that health insurance cover 100 percent of the cost of vaccination . Moreover , those who claim an allergy to needles can choose to have the vaccine administered via nasal spray , as well as a new “ needle-free ” method that propels the vaccine through the skin .
Children between the ages of 2 and 8 should receive the nasal spray vaccine , the CDC said , both because of the common fear of needles , and because it has proven more effective for this age group .
“ Flu hit young and middle-aged adults hard last year and just over 100 children died , ” Vanderbilt University 's Dr. William Schaffner told NBC News . “ There 's simply no reason to take that risk . ”
“ Influenza vaccines are safe , plentiful and we have more vaccine options than ever before — at least one is right for everyone , ” they continued .
However , given the likely severity of the strain of flu in the 2014-15 season , “ people should not wait to get vaccinated if their first choice is not available . ”
The CDC recommends vaccinating in October , as the body requires two weeks after vaccination to begin to produce antibodies . The peak of flu season is predicted to begin in late November this year , making October vaccinations — and the protections they afford — all the more significant .
Image caption Charities think the scheme is a `` walking disaster '' , says Sir Stuart Etherington
Several charities that have closed in recent months believe a government work scheme is partly to blame for their demise , a BBC investigation has found .
The Work Programme makes payments to organisations which help the long-term unemployed find a job .
But some charities said it had created severe cash flow problems for them .
The government said it was fair that charities were paid in full only after they had got people into work and kept them there .
Under the programme , contractors get a small fee when someone joins the scheme but they are only liable for larger fees once they have been in work for an extended period of time - of up to two years .
Eco-Actif Services , a small social enterprise in Sutton , Surrey , spent a year helping long-term unemployed people find work under the work programme .
When the organisation fell into financial difficulties , a High Street bank , a social enterprise investor and another charity all considered providing aid but the organisation 's Work Programme contract discouraged any of them from investing .
`` These organisations felt that the figures did n't add up in the longer term for the Work Programme as a whole , '' said former director Anna Burke .
Eco-Actif Services is one of at least four organisations that have closed recently , citing their Work Programme contracts as a major reason in their collapse . About 100 people have lost their jobs .
The BBC understands that another charity has written to the government to inform it that its Work Programme contract is causing it severe difficulties .
'Walking disaster '
In a survey released on Thursday by the National Council of Voluntary Organisations ( NCVO ) , almost three quarters of respondents said their Work Programme contract was unsustainable . And nearly half said their contract could fail within six months .
`` They think it 's a walking disaster , '' said Sir Stuart Etherington , chief executive of the NCVO .
It just is n't possible for a small charitable organisation to wait months and months to be paid for something they 've had to pay the costs for up front Nick Harvey , Liberal Democrat MP for North Devon
`` I 've heard no positive feedback from voluntary organisations . Some have gone bust , some have withdrawn from the programme . They have a real problem with the way the contracts are structured . ''
The programme is run on behalf of the government by 18 prime contractors , usually large private companies .
The charities are reliant on these companies to refer people to them . But those referrals have varied greatly from month to month , making financial planning impossible for some charities .
In addition , the BBC has discovered that those prime contractors are , in some cases , keeping up to half of the initial referral fee for themselves despite doing little work and passing the person - and the risk - on to the charities .
Liberal Democrat MP for North Devon Nick Harvey said : `` It just is n't possible for small charitable organisation to wait months and months to be paid for something they 've had to pay the costs for up front . ''
Mr Harvey was in government until last month 's reshuffle and said that when they raised the problems the Work Programme was creating for charities with a fellow minister , they were not interested .
`` They just said to me 'These small operators are naive to allow themselves to be stuck with these contractual arrangements , ' '' they said .
`` But these are n't big business people , they are not doing it for the money . If they are offered a take-it-or-leave-it deal by some big PLC , frankly they have n't got much choice . ''
'Extraordinary situation '
It is not only charities that are struggling .
The local council in Barnsley is a Work Programme sub-contractor - but probably not for much longer , said council leader Steve Houghton .
Image caption Nick Harvey MP says their fellow ministers were not interested in the problems the charities faced
`` We are simply not getting the numbers through on the Work Programme to make our contract viable , and it 's getting to the point where we think we can no longer maintain that contract , '' they said .
Other organisations have already decided to pull out of the programme .
St Mungo 's , the largest homelessness charity in London , withdrew in April . Not a single person was referred to them by the main contractors - a situation St Mungo 's chief executive Charles Fraser finds incredible .
They said : `` It 's extraordinary . We have a well-respected track record in providing employment and training services to homeless people . It 's inconceivable there was no demand for those services . ''
Mr Fraser said they believed the homeless were simply seen as being too difficult to help by the Work Programme .
`` It 's not because of homelessness ; it 's because other attributes are associated with it , such as long-term unemployment . I do n't think the Work Programme has been very successful with the long-term unemployed . ''
The Department of Work and Pensions said financial arrangements between providers and their sub-contractors were a matter for them and no organisation should negotiate a deal they could not afford .
A spokesperson for Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith said : `` Payment by results is working . It is right and fair to the taxpayer that we only pay organisations that get people into work and keep them there , unlike the last government which paid out money to schemes upfront regardless of results .
`` There are hundreds of organisations playing a part in the Work Programme , all working closely with us with the aim of making this a success and getting people into long term employment . ''
The ketogenic diet ( KD ) is an effective therapy for medically intractable epilepsy , but its anticonvulsant mechanisms are unknown . Few studies to date have addressed the molecular changes following treatment with a KD . In the present study , we fed juvenile rats either a standard diet or a KD for 1 month , and then determined changes in hippocampal gene expression using cDNA microarray analysis ( Clontech ) . To validate the microarray expression results , we also performed Northern blot and RT-PCR analysis on a small subset of affected genes . Among a total of 1176 cDNAs , 42 genes were strongly up- or down-regulated ( > 2-fold change over controls ) by a KD . We found that the expression of mitochondrial ATP synthase beta subunit , mitochondrial ATP synthase D subunit ( ATP5H ) and mitochondrial ATP synthase beta subunit precursor ( ATP5F ) were especially increased in KD-treated group , whereas the KD down-regulated protein kinase C ( PKC ) beta and epsilon isoforms . Thus , the most prominent changes were seen in genes encoding proteins involved in mitochondrial metabolic and intracellular signal transduction pathways . Our data provide some insights into the complex cascade of cellular changes in the hippocampus induced by a KD , some of which may contribute to its anticonvulsant effects .
Brian Thomas reports the neo-Nazi and neo-Confederate groups who took to Charlottesville to rally were not conservatives , nor Republicans , nor Right , and their fight with Antifa was a battle of leftists against leftists , according to Jeffrey Lord of The American Spectator .
The media has tried hard to portray the hate groups that rallied in Charlottesville as “ the Right , ” but in truth , they are far from it .
A brief study of history reveals the Democratic Party 's historical ties to pro-slavery Confederates and the KKK .
So why are modern Confederate sympathizers and Nazis portrayed by the media as “ the Right ? ”
Nazis were , after all , national socialists , not conservatives .
Jeffrey Lord , a writer for The American Spectator , explains how the media gets it wrong , perhaps on purpose , to portray these leftist groups as “ the Right . ”
From The American Spectator :
Let 's turn to economist Ludwig von Mises and their classic text from the Austrian School of Economics : Socialism . The first edition of the book refuting “ virtually every form of socialism ever devised ” appeared in 1922 , and as another famed economist , F.A . Hayek , would write in their foreword to the book : “ When Socialism first appeared in 1922 , its impact was profound . It gradually but fundamentally altered the outlook of many of the young idealists returning to their university studies after World War I. I know , for I was one of them. ” Twenty-five years later von Mises updated the book with an epilogue , which took on Nazis , Fascists and Communists in the aftermath of World War II .
Lord quotes von Mises extensively :
It is important to realize that Fascism and Nazism were socialist dictatorships . The communists , both the registered members of the communist parties and the fellow-travelers , stigmatize Fascism and Nazism as the highest and last and most depraved stage of capitalism . This is in perfect agreement with their habit of calling every party which does not unconditionally surrender to the dictates of Moscow — even the German Social Democrats , the classical party of Marxism — hirelings of capitalism . It is of much greater consequence that the communists have succeeded in changing the semantic connotation of Fascism . Fascism…was a variety of Italian socialism.…Dictatorship and violent oppression of all dissenters are today exclusively socialist institutions . The philosophy of the Nazis , the German National Socialist Labor Party , is the purest and most consistent manifestation of the anti-capitalistic and socialist spirit of our age.…The slogan into which the Nazis condensed their economic philosophy , viz. , Gemeinutz geht vor Eigennutz ( i.e. , the commonweal ranks above private profit ) , is likewise the idea underlying the American New Deal and the Soviet management of economic affairs . It implies that profit-seeking business harms the vital interests of the immense majority , and that it is the sacred duty of popular government to prevent the emergence of profits by public control of production and distribution.… For more than seventy years the German professors of political science , history , law , geography and philosophy eagerly imbued their disciples with a hysterical hatred of capitalism , and preached the war of “ liberation ” against the capitalistic West . The German “ socialists of the chair , ” much admired in all foreign countries , were the pacemakers of the two World Wars . At the turn of the century the immense majority of Germans were already radical supporters of socialism and aggressive nationalism . They were then already firmly committed to the principles of Naziism . What was lacking and was added later was only a new term to signify their doctrine . When the Soviet policies of mass extermination of all dissenters and of ruthless violence removed the inhibitions against wholesale murder , which still troubled some of the Germans , nothing could any longer stop the advance of Naziism . The Nazis were quick to adopt the Soviet methods . They imported from Russia : the one-party system and the pre-eminence of this party in political life ; the paramount position assigned to the secret police ; the concentration camps , the administrative execution or imprisonment of all opponents ; the extermination of the families of suspects and of exiles ; the methods of propaganda ; the organization of affiliated parties abroad and their employment for fighting their domestic governments and espionage and sabotage ; the use of the diplomatic and consular service for fomenting revolution ; and many other things besides . There were nowhere more docile disciples of Lenin , Trotsky and Stalin than the Nazis were .
The Nazi 's application of socialist doctrine was at the core of their takeover , war , and Holocaust , which used nationalism and racism to rally support for the fundamentally socialist doctrine .
Lord goes on to quote Charlottesville rally-goers such as organizer Jason Kessler who believes that “ our entire country would be better off if the South had won the Civil War ” and Nationalist Front founder , Matthew Heimbach , who says “ Globalism is the enemy of all of us . And the Jewish oligarchs and the capitalists and the bankers want to enslave the entire world . ”
Kessler and Heimbach are not conservatives . Heimbach is a nationalist , capitalism-hating , socialist . The only thing that really separates them from their Antifa rivals is their white supremacist beliefs . Kessler , 152 years after the end of the Civil War , is still a traitor to the Republican Union who continues to side with the nineteenth century 's Democratic , pro-slavery South .
The American Spectator continues :
Message to the mainstream media ? No , Nazis , Neo-Nazis and fascists are not “ the Right. ” They are not about principles of freedom , liberty , limited government , and the civic society . They are about race , the glorification of The State , and hating capitalism . Which is to say , Nazis , Neo-Nazis , fascists and yes , the Ku Klux Klan — the latter identified by Columbia University historian Eric Foner , as “ a military force serving the interests of the Democratic Party ” and by University of North Carolina historian Allen Trelease 's description of the Klan as the “ terrorist arm of the Democratic Party ” — are , yes , the Left .
Has Jeffrey Lord finally put the myth of the autocratic , supremacist “ Right ” to bed ?
Let us know what you think , and sound off in the comments section below .
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers ' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources . When you share to your friends , however , you greatly help distribute our content . Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family . Thank you .
JERUSALEM — In their latest response to the UN Security Council 's resolution condemning their county 's settlement activity , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has broken off all diplomatic relations with the city of Tel Aviv .
“ No one will tell us where Jews can or can not build homes – not the UN , and certainly not those smug Tel Aviv liberals , ” Netanyahu said in a statement announcing their latest move . “ If these Israelis consider themselves real Jews , they should move to Amona [ a West Bank settlement outpost ] . ”
Netanyahu has long butted heads with Tel Aviv , a city in which their Likud Party received just 18 percent of the vote in the last elections . Since the UN vote , however , the Israeli premier has promised not to “ turn the other cheek , ” recalling the ambassadors of countries which supported the resolution and now turning their ire towards Israel 's cultural and financial hub .
“ The Jewish people will triumph over all our enemies , ” Netanyahu proclaimed . “ Especially those figgin ' open-minded hipsters in Tel Aviv . ”
Looking for romantic restaurants for Valentine 's Day ?
Starbucks Saturation Results
I 'm sure everyone has seen some sort of parody about the number of Starbucks locations , but is it all hype or is there a lot of truth to Starbucks locations popping up everywhere ? It depends on where you live , but generally the comedians are n't over exaggerating at all .
The ZIP code that is the farthest from a Starbucks in America is Adak , Alaska ( 99546 ) where you would need to travel 1,044 miles for a frappuccino . The closest Starbucks is the Safeway/Starbucks location in Kodiak . Inside the continential United States the ZIP code farthest from a Starbucks is Opheim , Montana ( 59250 ) , which is 237 miles from the closest Starbucks in Billings . We would like to do some more research on this because since we were n't including Canadian Starbucks locations , Opheim may have cheated a bit by hugging the border .
We found 418 ZIP codes that do n't have a Starbucks for 100 miles ( out of about 42,000 ) . These are places like Ada , South Dakota , Antelope , Montana , and Skagway , Alaska . Not surprisingly , most of these Starbucks barren locations are in Alaska ; here is a breakdown of the top 10 states with a ZIP code without a Starbucks for 100 miles :
State ZIP codes without a Starbucks for 100 miles 1 . Alaska 162 2 . Montana 80 3 . North Dakota 31 4 . Texas 23 5 . Maine 19 6 . Colorado 16 7 . South Dakota 15 8 . Nevada 14 9 . Kansas 14 10 . Utah 10
If this does n't sound like your cup of tea , er ... um ... joe , then perhaps you might want to consider moving to Santa Fe Springs , California , where you can find an astounding 560 Starbucks locations within 25 miles ( the highest concentration in America ) . Even Seattle has nothing on Santa Fe Springs , with `` only '' 311 locations in 25 miles .
Here 's how America 's top 10 cities by population stack up in Starbucks saturation .
Curious about your city 's Starbucks saturation ?
ZIP code :
We 'll show you a graph of how you stack up .
In a recent Playstation blog , gaming personality Jessica Chobot explained their ideas for Daylight . This horror game coming to Playstation 4 and PC will have Chobot for a writer , which is reflected in the game 's story , as well as character choices .
For the inspiration of this title 's creepy environments , Chobot delves from their own youth in Chicago . There , she 'd spend time exploring the abandoned structures of the Wayne County Training School for Feeble Minded Children .
In the game , you 'll travel through dilapidated housings from hospitals and underground networks . In real life , those buildings had an entire tunnel maze underneath them as well .
Apparently , this complex was quite extensive . Within the 7-foot walling of it , there would be a hospital center , a gigantic , old-fashioned theatre , dorms , an indoor and outdoor pool , as well as police and fire stations . It 's like a miniature city .
These past events in Jessica Chobot 's life are also part of the reason for choosing a female protagonist in Daylight . To prevent a possible disconnect from a male audience , however , the writer carefully proceeded to opt for minimal voice over work that would indicate a female presence .
Moreover , Daylight is seen in a first-person perspective at all times . This should lead the player to personify more with an individual adventure , instead of following the protagonist 's story .
With the procedural generation of environments in this horror game , every experience certainly will feel singular . It 's one of the first titles to opt for the Unreal Engine 4 .
Daylight is under production by Zombie Studios , makers of Blacklight Retribution . It will be published by Atlus in “ early ” 2014 .
Jessica Chobot shows us that you can make a career out of licking things and eventually work on some pretty amazing things .
VANCOUVER , BC - Vancouver Whitecaps FC confirmed today that striker Omar Salgado has suffered a fracture in their right foot , while on international duty with the United States U-20 national team in South America .
The 18-year-old suffered the injury during a 4-2 friendly defeat to the Uruguay U-20 side on Wednesday afternoon . The native of El Paso , Texas , appeared as a first-half substitute in the friendly in Montevideo , Uruguay , before coming out of the match with the injury in the 82nd minute .
“ We are disappointed to hear about Omar 's injury , ” said Whitecaps FC head coach Martin Rennie . “ While it is a setback for him , we are confident that they will have a full recovery . ”
This season , Salgado started five of their six MLS appearances for 385 minutes of action , registering one assist . The youngster also claimed an assist in this year 's Amway Canadian Championship semifinal , first leg , at North American Soccer League side FC Edmonton on May 2 .
Apple is reportedly on the verge of implementing iBeacon location technology across its retail stores in a bid to boost sales and improve customer experience .
The iBeacon system allows a store to install transmitters that could then wirelessly connect to an iPhone when a customer walks near a certain product , providing updates and additional information such as pricing .
According to 9to5Mac , Apple has begun stocking up iBeacon transmitters and will begin rolling out the sensors in stores across the United States in the coming days .
A developer familiar with the technology told the website : “ iBeacon seems like it was created with Apple retail in mind . ”
For MacBooks and iPads , the system could allow a customer to receive a notification about a workshop related to the product they are viewing in store , or provide them with specifications or costings .
For example , if a user walks past an iPad in an Apple Store , the iBeacon technology means they could receive an alert on their iPhone telling them about an workshop for iLife for iOS .
Users can choose not to receive the alerts , and they will need devices running iOS 7 that support Bluetooth 4.0 .
The technology could also be used to locate customers waiting for upcoming Genius Bar appointments , or to present adverts or deals relating to nearby products .
Sources also told 9to5Mac that Apple is developing a new indoor mapping feature for a future version of iOS , which will help customers navigate their way around stores and buildings .
Major League Baseball has begun testing iBeacons for iPhone users to improve the experience at baseball stadiums .
Even though iBeacon has been pioneered by Apple , the extension can be easily adopted by third-parties , so in the near future we could see Android apps that support iBeacons and dedicated hardware hitting the market .
Before their big foreign policy speech , Donald Trump let us know that “ it wo n't be the Trump Doctrine because in life you have to be flexible . You have to have flexibility . You have to change . You may say one thing , and then the following year you want to change it because circumstances are different . ”
So we had the Monroe Doctrine , the Truman Doctrine , the Reagan Doctrine and the Bush Doctrine . But the Trump Doctrine is that doctrines are for losers .
On the center right , there are plenty of philosophies — realism , conservative internationalism and isolationism — to choose from . So which does Trump subscribe to ? None and all , depending on the day they are speaking .
For example , Trump has announced some of the most ambitious goals in the Middle East of any presidential candidate in modern history . In their speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , Trump promised that “ we will totally dismantle Iran 's global terror network , ” which they said had “ seeded terror groups all over the world ” and “ perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents. ” And Trump declared in no uncertain terms last week that the Islamic State “ will be gone if I 'm elected president . And they 'll be gone quickly . They will be gone very , very quickly . ”
Even the most enthusiastic advocates of the Bush Doctrine would never suggest that the Islamic State could be eliminated “ very , very quickly ” — President George W. Bush described the battle against terrorism as “ a generational struggle. ” And the complete dismantlement of Iran 's terrorist infrastructure on five continents ? Wow . Even the most ambitious neoconservatives have never gone that far .
Yet at the same time , Trump has also repeatedly said they plan to pull out of the Middle East so that they can save money and focus on nation-building here at home . “ We are spending trillions of dollars in the Middle East , and the infrastructure of our country is disintegrating , ” Trump has said , adding elsewhere that “ We have to build our own country and that 's what we have to focus on . ”
That sounds a lot more like President Obama , who declared that “ over the last decade , we have spent a trillion dollars on war , at a time of rising debt and hard economic times . . . . It is time to focus on nation-building here at home . ”
So which is it ? Trump ca n't dismantle Iran 's terror network and destroy the Islamic State while at the same time withdrawing from the Middle East so that they can spend the money on bridges and infrastructure .
Trump also contradicts themselves when it comes to the ideological struggle with Islamist radicalism . In their speech last week , Trump correctly declared : “ Containing the spread of radical Islam must be a major foreign policy goal of the United States and indeed the world . Events may require the use of military force , but it 's also a philosophical struggle , like our long struggle in the Cold War . ”
That sounds a lot like the Bush Doctrine . “ The war we fight today is more than a military conflict , ” Bush told the American Legion in 2006 . “ It is the decisive ideological struggle of the 21st century . ”
But Trump also declared in the same speech that our troubles in the Middle East “ began with the dangerous idea that we could make Western democracies out of countries that had no experience or interest in becoming a Western democracy. ” They have said that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad is someone with whom they could work ( “ I 've been watching Assad , ” they told Fox 's Bill O'Reilly , “ and I 've been pretty good at this stuff over the years , because deals are people . And I 'm looking at Assad and saying , ‘ Maybe he 's better than the kind of people that we 're supposed to be backing ' ” ) . Trump has also said that the world would be “ 100 percent ” better with Saddam Hussein and Moammar Gaddafi in power , and that in Egypt “ We should have backed [ Hosni ] Mubarak instead of dropping them like a dog . ”
So Trump believes that ( a ) the war on terror is , like the Cold War , an ideological struggle between tyranny and freedom ; and ( b ) that the way to win that ideological struggle is to support Middle Eastern tyrants as the alternative to Islamist radicalism ? This is n't realism ; it is incoherent .
To complicate things further , Trump gave a name to their foreign policy non-doctrine : “ America First , ” they declared last week , “ will be the major and overriding theme of my administration. ” In the prepared text released by their campaign , the phrase “ America First ” was even capitalized .
But “ America First ” has been the rallying cry of American isolationists for 75 years , ever since Charles Lindbergh and the America First Committee lobbied against U.S. involvement in World War II in the 1940s . On “ Fox News Sunday ” this weekend , Trump embraced their inner Lindbergh . “ We 're defending Germany , we 're defending Japan , South Korea , we 're defending Saudi Arabia , ” Trump declared . “ We 're the police officer to the world . And this country ca n't afford to do it . ”
In other words , Trump has managed to embrace isolationism , realism and internationalism — all at the same time .
Give them this much : That 's pretty flexible .
Read more from Marc Thiessen 's archive , follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption `` Justine should be here . This should n't have happened ''
Questions are being raised by officials about why a police officer who shot dead an Australian woman did not record the incident and neither did their partner .
Justine Damond , 40 , was killed on Saturday after calling police to report a possible crime in their quiet Minneapolis neighbourhood .
State investigators say the officers whom they encountered failed to activate their body or dashboard cameras .
Every police officer and squad car in Minneapolis is equipped with cameras .
Justine Damond shooting : What we know
`` I have the same questions everyone else does . Why were n't the police cameras on ? '' said mayor Betsy Hodges on Tuesday .
Minneapolis police are required to switch on their body cameras only during certain encounters , unlike in Los Angeles or Washington DC , where cameras must be switched on for any response to a call for service .
Instead , there are more than a dozen situations in which cameras should be used , according to the police manual , which adds that failure to use the camera could result in job termination .
`` If a BWC [ body-worn camera ] is not activated prior to a use of force , it shall be activated as soon as it is safe to do so , '' reads the manual .
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Don Damond said their fiancée , Justine , `` was so kind and so darn funny ''
Local media reported that Ms Damond was dressed in their pyjamas and had approached the driver 's side door to talk to the officer at the wheel after police arrived .
Officer Mohamed Noor , who was sitting in the passenger seat , fired their weapon across their partner and through the driver 's door , striking Ms Damond in the abdomen .
Them fiancé , Don Damond , said on Monday that the family is `` desperate '' for answers from officials .
Speaking in Sydney , their father John Ruszczyk said : `` Justine was a beacon to all of us , we only ask that the light of justice shine down on the circumstances of their death . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Minneapolis mayor : ' I do n't know why cameras were n't on '
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman says they will personally decide whether to charge Officer Mohamed Noor , rather than put the question to a grand jury . And they also questioned why the cameras were not turned on .
Officer Noor , who has been described by local media as a Somali-American , has been with the police force for two years .
A statement from their lawyer said they had arrived in the US `` at a young age '' and described them as `` a caring person with a family they love and they empathised with the loss others are experiencing '' .
But KSTP-TV , citing city records , reports that in two years of policing the officer had attracted three formal complaints , two of which remain unresolved .
Sources say their partner who was at the scene is Matthew Harrity , 25 , who joined the force last year .
Ms Damond 's death has made headlines across their native Australia .
'Simply unimaginable ' - Australian papers react
The Australian : `` Justine Damond and Mohamed Noor were two strangers from distant lands who arrived in America to fulfil their dreams , but in a tragic meeting in a Minneapolis alley one was killed and the other could face serious criminal charges . ''
The Sydney Morning Herald : `` The 40-year-old 's family and wide network of friends on Sydney 's northern beaches have been left reeling . They struggle to comprehend how Ms Damond became a victim in America 's ongoing and controversial police shootings . ''
The Age : `` The scale of the deaths [ of people at the hands of police in the US ] is simply unimaginable in many other countries around the world ... The high ownership of guns and prevalence of gun crime in America means American cops operate in completely different and more violent circumstances to their Australian counterparts . ''
A police radio recording from the incident was released on Tuesday , in which officers at the scene can be heard telling dispatchers they are performing CPR , and that `` no suspects are at large '' .
Minneapolis Police Chief Janee Harteau called Ms Damond 's death `` tragic '' in a statement on Monday .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Don Damond hugs a neighbour after reading a statement about their fiancée
`` I 've asked for the investigation to be expedited to provide transparency and to answer as many questions as quickly as we can , '' they said in their first comments on the killing .
The two officers involved in the shooting are on paid administrative leave .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A makeshift memorial in the alley where Damond died
Ms Damond , née Justine Ruszczyk , studied to be a veterinarian before relocating from Sydney to the US , where they are believed to have been for at least the last three years .
According to their website , they were a `` qualified yoga instructor , a personal health and life coach and meditation teacher '' .
Over the past few years the US has seen a series of civilian killings at the hands of police that have prompted a national debate .
Cape Town – kykNET 's Binnelanders weekday soap has apologised for `` Power Cock '' and `` Power Vagina '' calling the on-screen slip-up `` unacceptable '' and saying the soap is `` extremely upset '' that it happened .
Neither the final episode controllers at the Stark Films production company noticed , nor the programme acceptance department and quality check controllers at M-Net in Randburg , that two of the characters in the family time soap were playing their computer game under the names of `` Power Cock '' and `` Power Vagina '' .
kykNET ( DStv 144 ) viewers however did instantly notice the racy names that the characters of Tertius and Naomi used for the player profiles of the online game on Monday 's episode .
( Screengrabs : Binnelanders )
`` Be assured that such visuals will never again appear in an episode of Binnelanders , '' says the soap which apologised for Monday night 's episode on M-Net 's Afrikaans language channel on MultiChoice 's DStv .
Stark Films said `` we sincerely apologise for the unacceptable visuals '' that appeared in the episode .
`` It was added at a very late stage during the compilation of the episode and the words on screen slipped past all our quality assurance processes . Not that it 's an excuse – we ourselves are extremely upset that it could have happened . ''
Just as one ca n't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs , this sequence illustrates that you ca n't always catch a criminal without subverting a few idols .
A large , transparent marble finds itself in the elaborate apparatus , setting off a chain reaction of increasingly violent events that culminate in the caging of a helpless figurine . Like the mind of the great detective , the invention works at a dizzying pace , with only parts of it revealed while others remain a mystery . A steadily intensifying score composed by Sean Callery adds a sense of impending danger and urgency to the marble 's iconoclastic course .
The opening title sequence for CBS ' updated Sherlock Holmes series Elementary reflects the show 's contemporary take on a classic character . Prologue Creative Director Simon Clowes employs a Rube Goldberg contraption to represent the manic detective 's unorthodox , sometimes convoluted and often aggressive approach to crime solving .
A discussion with Creative Director SIMON CLOWES of Prologue .
Give us a little background on yourself and your current position at Prologue .
I relocated to Los Angeles from London in 2005 after completing my studies in graphic media design . The sole purpose was to secure a job offer as a designer at Prologue and I have been there ever since ! Currently my position is creative director .
And as for Elementary , how did that process begin ?
I found out about the project late , but it sounded interesting – especially after watching the pilot episode . There had already been a lot of work done on it pertaining to the brief while I was on vacation . The client requested that we lean towards a “ New York ” theme since they wanted to communicate that this adaptation of Sherlock Holmes was set in New York as opposed to London . There were already storyboards that communicated what the client had asked for . It would have been a waste of time to design something of the same ilk , so I decided to design something that did not adhere to the brief ... and see what happens .
So what were those concepts and how were they developed ?
I wanted to communicate how Sherlock Holmes ' mind works in the non-traditional sense of detective work . Even though the show was a modern adaptation of him , their techniques were still very rudimentary and unexpected and this aspect of Holmes ' character is always of interest to me . This is what separates their style from that of other detectives .
Initial styleframes
I thought about how I could playfully represent one thing leading to another – a chain reaction , scenarios becoming the catalyst for something else to happen . In the pilot episode , Holmes found the location of a hidden dead body by using a marble to identify a misalignment in the floor . This stood out to me as a summation of their technique of using mundane objects to simplify a complex situation . I wanted to make the marble the hero of the sequence and this led me to the work of Rube Goldberg and contemporary adaptations of their work such as the OK Go music video , `` This Too Shall Pass . ''
How did you come up with the different elements of the Rube Goldberg contraption ?
We commissioned Rolling Ball Sculptures to create five standalone pieces to feature in the sequence and collaborated closely to ensure there would be enough variation between each structure . I then decided to construct the rest of the contraption with potential murder weapons , but using a gun or a rope was n't enough , it needed to feel like it was all handmade .
View 4 images Rough mechanism sketch and sculpture/gun mechanism works-in-progress
This would also complement the other , more modern structural elements we were having built and hint at the fact that the series is a modern adaptation of a classic story . It was then a matter of deciding how many ideas we could fit within the 30-second time constraint and how the elements would interact . The mouse was included to suggest the whimsical , crafty element of Holmes ' character .
Mechanism and sculpture tests
How did the live-action shoot go ?
* The Arri Alexa is a film-style digital motion picture camera system made by Arri and first introduced in April 2010 . The camera marks Arri 's first major transition into digital cinematography after smaller previous efforts such as the Arriflex D-20 and D-21 .
The one-day live action shoot took place on Mack Sennett Stage in Silverlake , Los Angeles . We shot everything on the Arri Alexa * and , as always , we had a very tight schedule with multiple setups throughout the day . Each element was different , requiring specific lighting setups , particularly any shot featuring the metal structure .
Some props were still being assembled , auditioned , and adjusted on set which made things even more interesting . This freedom , however , enabled us to make decisions on-the-fly and also execute some last minute ideas I had . The metallic structure itself consisted of five customized elements which were individually commissioned and one complicated 7ft sculpture which is featured in a few shots .
View 6 images Large 7ft sculpture live-action shooting
What about the titles themselves – the typographic treatment ?
The animated typographic treatment was intended to suggest the piecing together of clues , to complete the puzzle so to speak , but in retrospect , if I were to change anything I probably would choose not to animate the credits . Maybe there 's enough going on in the shots and it was n't necessary to have them animate .
How big was your production team and what did you use to put everything together , including tools and software ?
The production team consisted of around 30 to 40 individuals including the 12 mice and two mouse wranglers .
View 33 images Behind the scenes of the live action shoot
Due to budgetary constraints , the aim was to get everything in camera with a minimal `` we will just fix it in post '' approach to the shoot . With the exception of the end card and about three shots that needed slight rig removal in Nuke , everything else was captured in-camera . Victor Duncan animated the credits , end title card , and transitions in After Effects , along with completing the necessary cleanup in Nuke .
Everything was shot digitally by Cinematographer Benji Bakshi on the Arri Alexa . We employed the use of various lenses , in particular a probe lens for a few shots , enabling us to get between some of the complexities of the structure and create an interesting perspective in the shot .
View 4 images Probe lens live-action shooting
In total , we had a few days of editorial in Final Cut where I worked with Nathaniel Park . We have worked seamlessly together on numerous jobs in the past and this was no exception . I then completed the final colour grade in DaVinci Resolve .
What element ( s ) of this sequence are you most happy with ?
I am most happy with what the art department brought to the table on this shoot and how efficient and flexible the process was of building each custom element . I kept in constant communication with Production Designer Andrew Clarke during pre-production and I feel they nailed the aesthetic I was trying to achieve . It was always a concern as to how to make each scenario work especially as it all had to be captured in-camera but on the day it all went as planned .
Anything else interesting happen while producing this sequence ?
Besides one of the mice escaping on set and watching the wranglers chasing it while trying not to knock down any equipment , no .
And more generally , what are some of your personal favorite title sequences , either classic or contemporary ?
I have always been a fan of the early Bond sequences and the conceptual simplicity of title sequences such as Wimbledon .
What excites you outside of design ?
Doing as much traveling as possible !
View the credits for this sequence
Provincial and territorial temperature extremes [ edit ]
Highest temperature readings ( selected locations ) [ edit ]
Highest temperatures ever recorded in Canada [ edit ]
[ 15 ] [ 16 ]
Lowest temperature readings [ edit ]
The coldest place in Canada based on average yearly temperature is Eureka , Nunavut , where the temperature averages at −19.7 °C or −3.5 °F for the year . However , the coldest temperature ever recorded in Canada was −63 °C or −81.4 °F in Snag , Yukon .
Yearly Canadian temperature extremes [ edit ]
Occurrences by province [ edit ]
Province/Territory Extreme maximum occurrences Extreme minimum occurrences Alberta 8 14 British Columbia 69 1 Manitoba 12 0 Northwest Territories 0 21 Nunavut 0 13 Ontario 8 1 Quebec 0 6 Saskatchewan 32 4 Yukon 0 65
Extreme maximum occurrences by community [ edit ]
City Province Occurrences Lytton BC 15 Spences Bridge BC 8 Osoyoos BC 8 Fort Qu'Appelle SK 8 St Albans MB 8 Boston Bar BC 6 Lillooet BC 5 Midale SK 4 Ashcroft BC 4
Extreme minimum occurrences by town [ edit ]
City Province/Territory Occurrences Pelly Ranch YT 19 Fort Good Hope NT 10 Dawson YT 8 Mayo YT 7 Eureka NU 7 Fort Vermilion AB 7 Old Crow YT 6 Ross River YT 6 Snag YT 6 Watson Lake YT 5
[ 21 ]
Yearly Canadian Average Mean Temperatures [ edit ]
Occurrences by province [ edit ]
Province/Territory Extreme warmest year occurrences Extreme coldest year occurrences British Columbia 54 0 Northwest Territories 0 1 Nunavut 0 68 Ontario 15 0
Extreme warmest year occurrences by location [ edit ]
City Province Occurrences Halfmoon Bay BC 12 Vancouver BC 8 Windsor ON 8 Chilliwack BC 7 Victoria BC 6 Nanaimo BC 4 Chatham ON 4 Pelee ON 3 Saturna Island BC 3 Qualicum Beach BC 2 Lytton BC 2 Port Coquitlam BC 2
Extreme coldest year occurrences by location [ edit ]
City Territory Occurrences Eureka NU 60 Isachsen NU 5 Resolute NU 2 Alert NU 1 Mould Bay NT 1
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This pod-shaped woodland retreat floats on a net between the trees in Dorset , UK .
American designer Jesse Randzio completed A Separate Place in 2007 with the help of twelve students from the Architectural Association during a month-long workshop in Hooke Park , Dorset .
Above : photograph is by Paxo Paxton
Materials were supplied locally and the pod is made of red cedar planks which overlap in the style of a clinker boat .
Copper rivets pin the shell together and a steel chimney pokes through the roof .
The pod rests within a net attached to a metal ring that is in turn suspended from the surrounding trees using tensile cables .
Above : photograph is by Paxo Paxton
After climbing up the rope netting , a small elliptical door gives access to the intimate interior where a fire can be lit in the miniature stove and elevated views glimpsed out over the forest .
Above : photograph is by Martita Llorens-Echegaray
Swinging gently with the movement of its occupants , it almost feels like being inside the hull of a boat .
Photography is by Jesse Randzio , apart from where otherwise stated .
Here 's some more information from the designer :
The AV Custerson Award was given annually to a member of the Architectural Association community to fund a project promoting the use of timber at Hooke Park . 2007 recipient Jesse Randzio , 3rd Year , organized a month long summer workshop to build a Separate Place , a hanging retreat in the forest .
The project was exhibited at the Architectural Association , London , in 2008 .
A Separate Place is a red cedar sitting room for just a few people . There is no building footprint , only shadow , and so minimal site impact . It is tailored specifically to its location but adaptable to any . The door is high and very small , but once inside it 's a fine safe place ; there 's a warm fire burning and tea in the kettle .
Jesse designed and built the 4½ square meter floating capsule with the help of a dozen students from throughout the AA . The group visited local industries in Lyme Regis and in Bridport to learn boat building and rigging techniques .
The pod is built of western red cedar in the style of a clinker boat , with copper rivets and trim , and a steel chimney and stove . The timber was felled in the Hooke Park forest , and other materials were supplied locally .
We suggest a future of AV Custerson Award projects that are continuously under examination . Every five years , matching the cyclical forest management plan , a project should be reevaluated and steps should be taken to address the relevance of each project and its relationship to other Hooke Park programs .
In this way , we can ensure that Hooke Park remains an active , vibrant , and productive facility . A Separate Place is coming into its fifth year and is due for reconsideration .
Do n't get it twisted , this is n't my foray into a new genre of basketball erotica and I am wearing ( sweat ) pants while I write this . It 's about me accepting the aesthetic of Stephen Curry 's game : a sweet , sensual convergence of college fundamentals with the boldness of Marvin Gaye on their classic I Want You .
I live on the west coast , so I get the great pleasure of watching west coast teams play at a reasonable time—at least reasonable based on my 32-year-old/married standards . The straight up west coast options we have : Lakers , Clippers , Kings , Blazers , Suns and Warriors . The Lakers are a comedy of errors , a team without a collective identity even though they have players with well-defined identities . The Kings have really disappointed ; particularly because of their decision not to re-sign Terrence Williams . I do n't care for the Blazers , but I do like some Nicolas Batum and Young Mr. Damian Lillard is pure joy—regardless of how you feel about point guards . The Suns are another laughable comedy routine on a nightly basis . Shannon Brown as your get buckets guy ? It takes a rare NBA roster architect to devise that scenario . Then there are the Clippers and the Warriors , a couple of teams that are entertaining for entirely different reasons . The Clippers are potential-in-the-process-of-being-realized and this kind of maturation is so magnetic because we 're eagerly anticipating their ongoing improvement . Once the ceiling is reached , we can get bored because we 're simple people with short spans of attention living in a world full of attention grabbing experts . As a group , the Clippers are more fun than Golden State and yes , Chris Paul is the PG archetype , but there 's nothing human about Paul single-handedly demoralizing and discouraging defenses or Jamal Crawford heat checks or Blake Griffin or even Los Angeles for that matter . But up in Oakland ? Oh , up north it does n't get much more human than Bogutian tragedy , the erosion of Andris Biedrins ' confidence , Brandon Rush 's torn ACL , David Lee 's around-the-basket intuitiveness ( it 's still underrated ) or Steph Curry 's nightly flirtations with basketball death , a dreaded Grant Hill career arc .
The crowd in Oakland pleads a great case for watching the Warriors , but Lee 's interior aptitude and the development of Harrison Barnes are entertaining too . The primary reason to watch , the main event … that 's Curry . There 's a reason he 's still the ( baby ) face of the Warriors despite missing nearly 25 % of their team 's games through their first three seasons ( of course , part of that reason is that they were never able to find a trade partner willing to take on those papier-mâché ankles ) . They 're still going to war every night with Curry as their lead guard because the kid ( he 's still just 24 ) is disruptively good and can get better .
I 'm not positive if the NCAA 's and ESPN 's and Dick Vitale 's infatuations with Curry during their Davidson days soured me on them or if I was too distracted following the explosions of Monta Ellis ( fiery spectacle one night , snap pops the next ) , but I only studied Curry from afar for their first few years . Their ankle ( s—was it both ? ) turned last season into one long , depressing sputter . And if it was frustrating for fans , imagine how Curry felt riding that physical and emotional roller coaster : special shoes , protective boots , ice bags on ice bags in ice baths , multiple doctors , fear that something 's wrong , that maybe it 's somehow their fault … failure ; letting down your teammates , fans , the people who pay you huge checks to be on the court performing . So when they rolled their ankle ( again ! ) in the pre-season , I think there was a part of me that lightly erased Curry from the NBA panorama . They are n't a ghost yet , but they were fading .
This is a terribly unfair thing to do , particularly given the steadily impressive performances of Curry 's first two seasons in the league which compare better than favorably with Derrick Rose 's and Russell Westbrook 's :
Not too many people put Curry in the same echelon as Rose and Westbrook and there are a couple of obvious reasons why :
The Third Season : While Curry spent their third season on crutches , in walking boots and enduring a bombardment of tests on their ankle ( s ) , Westbrook and Rose made a motherfucking leap in theirs . Remember how similar these three guys were through their first two seasons ? The third seasons created a massive chasm :
Playoff Appearances : Rose was a black NBA version of Rocky Balboa as a rookie when they led the 8th seed Bulls to a memorable seven-game series against the defending champion Boston Celtics in the opening round . Westbrook made a name more violently for their volatility—eruptions of athleticism versus decision making follies and the unique ability to forget Kevin Durant was on their team ( and in the damn game ! ) . Where Russell made the playoffs three of four years and has Rose has advanced to the postseason every year , the ill-fated Curry is still awaiting their first appearance .
I did n't set out to write a story about how Steph Curry does or does n't compare favorably to two of the best young point guards in the game , it just organically occurred this way and I 'm happy with that . Beyond the inconclusive stats we have above , the Curry I 've seen this year is a smooth ball handler with great court awareness , passing ability and a hyper fast shot release . Their handle is so much better than I realized , but it looks like he 's still figuring out how to fully utilize this skill . You see Rose and Westbrook combine their ball handling with raw speed and quickness : Rose more lateral quickness with the ball in-hand and Westbrook more straight ahead speed . Steph 's handle is so often used on the perimeter to keep defenders at bay instead of attacking with it . If and when they improve that part of their game , he 'll be able to create more space and get to the rim more frequently than they already do which would make them close to indefensible . Of course , the more they penetrate , I feel like the odds of rolling an ankle increase ( is that true ? ) .
So while the rest of you east coast and Midwest fans are sleeping away the nights or blowing rails just to stay up for the west coast games , your brothers and sisters on the left are settling in on couches and recliners from San Diego to Blaine with beers and green teas while our spouses and partners and roommates flit in and out , oblivious to our fascinations with a guy named Steph…and even more oblivious the fingers we have discretely crossed under a pillow or blanket , vainly hoping those tender ankles hold up .
Mike Segar/Reuters What 's that you say ? You want to ask me about Trump 's secret opposition to the Iraq War that only I knew about ? Look over there !
WASHINGTON ― Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump keeps saying they opposed the Iraq War , even though they supported it . They claim Fox News host Sean Hannity can back up that they were against it early on because they privately told them about their concerns at the time .
If only someone would ask Hannity about it , Trump has lamented .
Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D-Mo . ) happened to bump into Hannity after Sunday night 's presidential debate , so they went ahead and asked them about it . Hannity could not change the subject fast enough .
Hannity was interviewing McCaskill in the spin room when the topic of the Khan family came up . Khizr Khan , a Muslim American whose son Capt . Humayun Khan was killed during the Iraq War , became a national figure this summer when they called out Trump for their mistreatment of Muslims . During Sunday night 's debate , Trump said Humayan would be alive today if Trump had been president in 2003 because they opposed the war .
“ He said they would n't have died because they would n't have sent them to war , ” Hannity said .
“ And you were the only one that knew that secret , ” McCaskill replied . “ Right ? ”
Hannity became flustered .
“ No , I do n't ― that was the other , that was the issue of whether or not they should go , ” they said .
“ I think they said you were the only one that knew the secret that they were opposed to the war , ” pressed McCaskill .
“ No , we actually had midnight conversations about whether or not Iraq was a thing , ” they said , not actually answering the question .
“ We can go on like this for a while , you know , ” McCaskill laughed .
“ We can , yeah , ” Hannity replied . And with that , it was on to a new topic . “ How do you like being a senator ? ”
Reporters nearby laughed at Hannity 's abrupt subject change . They proceeded to list off their favorite senators for some reason : Sens . Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) , Mike Lee ( R-Utah ) and Jeff Sessions ( R-Ala. ) .
Watch the exchange here :
Editor 's note : Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar , rampant xenophobe , racist , misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S .
This is a picture I made for the series RWBY . This is a Creature of Grimm known as a Kaiju-Grimm . As you can tell ... THEY 'RE VERY VERY VERY BIG ! ! ! ! ! Threat level : SSS ( The Highest threat level ) Analysis : `` Very big . Very strong . Very big . Very powerful . Very tough . Did I mention they 're very big ? Never challenge this beast alone ! In fact , if this thing finds you by yourself , or if you 're with a small group of people , you better turn tail and BOOK IT ! ! ! GET THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS THING ! ! ! ! Only military-grade weapons can hurt that thing . Hurt .... Not kill .... The only thing capable of killing this thing is a team of highly-skilled Elite Hunters , who are prepped for the attack . Or a giant Mech . Be advised , these things are city busters . There 's a real reason why there are only 4 kingdoms remaining in the world . Pray these fuckers do n't find your Kingdom . `` ( Take note ) : There 's a little Hunter there right under the `` R '' . For fun , just how fucked is that Hunter ? lolRWBY belongs to and Rooster Teeth
Snowflake-in-Chief Donald Trump is once again losing sleep over SNL 's portrayal of them and their senior staff . For months , the president has railed against Alec Baldwin 's on-the-nose impersonation , but they were especially “ rattled ” when a female — Melissa McCarthy — dared to play their press secretary Sean Spicer . Recent episodes have also mocked White House chief strategist Steven Bannon by portraying them as the Grim Reaper . This too has incensed Trump , according to a new report from the Washington Post .
The particular sketch in question sees the Grim Reaper presented as America 's actual president , manipulating Trump 's actions before ultimately relegating them to a miniature desk where they play with a toy .
The Grim Reaper character returned for last week 's episode , appearing in support of Trump as they make their case before The People 's Court .
Fortunately for Trump and their administration , there 's no new episode of SNL this weekend .
Not so long ago I stumbled upon a blog titled “ Hotel Prius ” , and I loved the idea . Being a Prius owner myself , I decided to give Prius living a test run . Being cautious person I am , I decided to give it a test run for a week in a familiar area .
Preparing for the journey
First , I decided to tint my windows . In addition to making a Prius look much more pleasant , it keeps the car cooler throughout the day , and most importantly makes it hard to peek inside the car . Especially at night .
Next , I ordered a Prius Gen III Camping Sleeper Conversion Kit . It 's just a fancy name for two belts to push down the rear seats , and two wooden platforms with detachable feet to cover leg space . And two custom cut carpet runners to cover up the panels . Nothing one ca n't make in their own garage , if the money is tight .
The kit requires front seats to be locked in the furthest possible position , rendering them unusable . So I only installed a panel behind a passenger seat . With the panel installed , I have nearly 7 feet of level surface to sleep on .
Another problem with the kit is that it blocks the console from being opened ( arm rest storage between driver and passenger seat ) . I stopped using console as a quick access box , and it does n't feel like a big loss .
I packed all my clothes in a duffle bag , bought a small toiletries kit , and put the rest of my belongings in a backpack . Queen-sized sleeping bag I had come in handy as a bed ( with a couple of travel pillows ) .
After a second night I swapped my sleeping bag with a lighter and more compact summer sleeping bag . That 's also when I added a 1.5 inch sleeping pad to my inventory .
My backpack/briefcase is on the passenger 's seat , I always take it with me .
In addition to all of the above , I took my guitar - even though it 's bigger than anything else I had to take with me , it 's a great source of entertainment .
If you 're feeling impatient , links to all the items are at the bottom of the post .
Sleeping in a Prius
Night one
First night in a Prius left me with mixed feelings . I parked in one of the corporate areas of the city at about 9 pm . I picked a well lit parking lot with some ( but not much ) evening traffic . I parked in one of the slightly darker areas of the parking lot ( approximately one out of twenty parking spots was taken , and large number of cars made me feel safer ) .
It was 74F outside , slowly cooling after a 100F day . I left my car in accessory mode ( spoiler : bad idea ) , turned on the AC , locked the doors , and hopped on my bedding arrangement to the back of the car . I did n't want to keep the windows open since I just got them tinted . And sleeping with windows rolled down felt a bit eerie .
First thing I noticed was how obnoxiously bright instrument panel and GPS are . It was the opposite of stealthy , and it was plain annoying to sleep with those bright lights on . I reached out for my duffle bag , and pulled out a couple of towels to cover up both the instrument panel and GPS , as well as few AC control LEDs . This made me feel at ease , and I tried to doze off into sleep .
The parking lot lights were a minor annoyance , mostly filtered out by a 20 % rear window tint . I 've heard some people pass somewhere within 20 feet of my car a few times , but other than that it was quiet . Still , unfamiliar situation made it hard to fall asleep .
And then a few voices and an engine noise disturbed my peace , pretty close to my car . I waited for about 10 minutes , and the noise did n't go away . I raised my head to see what 's happening - turns out someone had a tire blowout a 2 parking spots away from me , and a pickup truck pulled in next to them to help with changing the tire . There were anywhere between 3 and 5 people walking around and talking .
That 's when I quickly got dressed , climbed to a driver 's seat , and drove off to look for a quieter spot . It was 9:55 pm .
I went to a more secluded , but still well lit parking lot behind one of the offices . Concentration of cars was about the same , but it looked like those cars were left there overnight . I picked a spot within 50 feet of other parked cars , where a tree was covering my car from the harsh street light .
Accessory mode , AC , lock the doors . Climbed in the back , and after some restlessness ( a fairly normal thing for me ) , I fell asleep . I woke up sometime around 11:30 pm . It was fairly hot in the car , and it was hard to breathe . Turns out accessory mode turned itself off at some point . Maybe the battery ran low , or maybe there 's a time limit of sort . I opened all the doors to air out a car for a couple of minutes while I walked around and stretched .
In the meantime , I also noticed that because of the tinted windows , it 's nearly impossible to see what 's inside the car while only standing a few feet away from it . That was comforting .
Second attempt , this time I turned on the car the usual way ( by depressing the pedal ) . I used a foot brake for a peace of mind , set the AC to 68 degrees ( with external air flow setting ) , locked the car , covered the instrument panel and a GPS , and climbed in the back .
AC was blowing on my neck , but I was too tired to worry about it . The car cooled down and I climbed inside a sleeping bag ( it was too hot before , and I was just lying on top of it ) . I 'm used to sleeping on hard surfaces , so the setup felt comfortable enough . The light from surrounding light poles was a bit too harsh , so I covered my eyes with a T-shirt . I fell asleep .
I woke up a few times throughout the night , but I feel like I 've had enough sleep . I woke up with the sun at about 6:30 am , got dressed , opened all doors to ventilate the car , packed away a sleeping bag , and drove to work . I felt well rested , even though my throat and neck felt a bit sore from the AC directed at me .
Oh , and it cost me $ 1.40 to have an AC running through the night . The car would turn on for about a minute every once in a while ( 30 minutes ? ) to recharge the battery .
Night two
This time , I found a perfect spot in a small parking lot behind an office . Less crowded than the previous time , but still well lit . I got lucky and found a space with no direct street light being visible when laying down .
Turn the car on , AC to 68 degrees , lock the doors , hop to the back seat .
I 've slept well for the first couple of hours , but I ended up waking well rested at midnight . I stopped by my office and worked for a couple of hours . Back to the car to get 4 more hours of sleep .
It cost me $ 1.38 to camp through the night with AC on .
Night three
My sleeping bag was too hot to use at room temperature , so I swapped it with a summer down filled bag . I also purchased a self-inflating sleeping pad for more comfort .
Things are getting better from now on .
Feeling more confident , I found a four-story corporate parking lot and drove to the top level . I parked at a well-lit spot without any direct lights coming through the windows . I easily fell asleep a tad bit past nine , and woke up at 6 am refreshed and well rested . Secluded spot , comfortable sleeping pad , summer sleeping bag , and increased confidence - all contributed to making sleeping in a Prius a delightful experience .
This was also the night I learned a neat trick : if you recline the driver 's seat all the way , it becomes really easy to move between front seat and a sleeping area .
Cost of running the car through the night : $ 1.63 .
Night four
I decided to camp out in the same multi-level parking garage I did yesterday ( it has high enough number of cars so that I do n't stand out - about one per fifty parking spots ; and the foot traffic is very low to non-existent ) . I found another part of the garage with a roof access on a second level and pulled in there . After getting situated , I realized I did n't account for all the lights - bright parking lot lights from other levels ended up shining right in my face . And even though I knew I could n't be seen behind the tinted windows , it did leave me feeling exposed .
I slid to the driver 's seat and drove up a few levels to the previous spot . Doors are locked , AC is set to 68F , instrument panel is covered , driver 's seat is reclined . I climbed to the back , and fell asleep .
It was a warm night , temperature outside was at 73F . It was hot enough for me to wake up two times through the night , but that was a minor inconvenience .
Cost : $ 1.73 .
Night five
It was one of the chillier nights , so sleeping was a very pleasant experience . I picked the same spot I used on the third night . Absence of direct lights visible from the car windows plays a huge role in making you feel safe .
Cost : $ 1.53 while also bringing Nexus 6 to a full charge .
Night six
Picked another spot in a similar area , I parked under a broken street light in a well lit parking lot . I 've slept well . Mostly due to this being a cooler night ( 65F ) .
Cost : $ 1.29 while also bringing Nexus 6 to a full charge .
Night seven
I was stuck in traffic in the evening , and I fiddled with the GPS for a while . Turns out you can disable the obnoxiously bright screen by going into “ Setup ” - > “ Display ” - > “ Screen off ” . Pushing any button on the GPS turns the screen back on . I 'm still using the towels to cover up the instrument panel and AC controls though .
Another fairly cold night , which made sleeping more comfortable . I went back to the top of the parking garage . Night was a delight .
Cost : $ 1.39 , with full Nexus 6 charging .
Impressions
Stealthy living in a Prius is very comfortable . With tinted windows there 's just enough privacy , it 's safe and cheap to run AC through the night ( cost averages to about $ 1.48 per night ) . There 's more than enough space for someone of my height ( 5'11 ” ) . It took me a couple of days to get used to feeling relatively exposed in public , but once I did - it was a breeze . Last five nights I have slept without any problems .
Surprisingly , I 've slept better in a Prius than I did in my own bed . Here I should probably note that I 've been having troubles sleeping on an off for some time lately , and sleeping through the night in a car was a step up from where I was before .
Lessons learned
Some things I did n't know before trying out sleeping in a Prius :
Pick a well lit parking lot , ideally with some cars of similar value parked overnight . Make sure there 's not too much foot traffic .
Park in an area without direct light source near you . Also account for lights visible from inside the car ( light nearly a hundred feet away can still be bother ) .
If you 're using the AC , turn Prius engine on instead of leaving it in accessory mode .
Proper AC vent direction is important . Fiddle with those until there are no drafts in the sleeping area .
Use a sleeping mask to avoid being bothered by the lights if you could n't find area without visible light sources shining directly through the windows .
Since the temperature inside the car is regulated , summer sleeping bag is a must .
Sleeping pad is very helpful in making the surface softer . 1.5 inches made a huge difference in comfort .
Items I used
Here are the items directly related to the trip which I either purchased or already owned .
Future improvement ideas
I have a great stealthy setup , but having more privacy would 've been a nice bonus . I 'll probably look for some inconspicuous looking shades or curtains , provided that the setup does n't look too obvious .
Philosophical implications
This was an interesting experience . Inability to retreat to the safety of my house got me out of my comfort zone . Initial discomfort passed quickly , and a world of possibilities opened up to me .
Not having access to a house made me , well , feel bored . And that 's amazing . Without having an ability to default to a TV , gaming platform , or even a laptop ( it 's really not that comfortable to work on a laptop in a car ) - I had to get creative . I got to play a guitar , a piano , sing , practice with a drum set . I worked on my blog ( this article took multiple revisions and hours upon hours of time to look the way it does now ) . I went to Mozzart 's Don Giovanni publicly hosted in a nearby town .
And I finished this article , which took me about 8 days of revisions and additions to finish .
Now , thanks to self-imposed restrictions , I 'm doing all the things I wanted to do .
I 'm a perpetual planner . And that sometimes becomes a problem , since I 'm always looking forward to the next thing that 's going to happen , sometimes not paying attention to life right in front of me . With everything I have packed in a car , there 's nothing on the horizon . Nothing is far away . There 's no home to go back to , so I do n't rush anywhere . I savor every moment I have .
October 2018 update . After pulling off a year traveling in a Prius full time – this article is really fun to revisit . It brings up so many memories ! Rachel from Hobby Help recently reached out to me and shared the ultimate beginner 's guide to camping , which feels like a great complimentary article . Rachel goes into quite a lot of detail about car camping and solidifies the basics when it comes to venturing outside . I enjoyed it , and so might you . Give it a read !
BELGRADE ( Reuters ) - The European Union said on Thursday it would open the first two so-called chapters of accession talks with Serbia this month , rewarding the country for a series of accords with its former Kosovo province despite their only patchy implementation .
One of the chapters will focus on relations with Kosovo , which broke away during a war in 1999 and declared independence in 2008 . Serbia does not recognize its former southern province as sovereign , but has struck a series of deals brokered by the EU to try to regulate relations between the two .
Analysts and Western diplomats say implementation of the agreements has been piecemeal at best on both sides , but the EU is keen to keep Serbia anchored in the process of Western integration to counter what diplomats say is growing Russian engagement in the Balkans .
“ I am looking forward to the 14th ( of December ) when we can expect the chapters to be open for more detailed negotiations , ” EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on the sidelines of a meeting of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe in Belgrade .
“ I think on the 14th we will be able to tick that box . ”
Accession talks will begin with chapters 35 and 32 , on Kosovo and financial controls .
“ We will be coming to Brussels with big expectations and the firm belief that Serbia belongs to Europe , ” Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic said after meeting Mogherini .
Vucic was information minister at the tail end of late strongman Slobodan Milosevic 's disastrous rule during the 1990s , when federal Yugoslavia collapsed in conflict and Serbia was bombed by NATO to halt its killing and expulsion of ethnic Albanians from Kosovo during a counter-insurgency war .
Once a devoted ultranationalist , Vucic has rebranded themselves as a pro-Western reformer , but critics and some Western diplomats remain worried over freedom of expression and the media in Serbia .
Serbia insists it will never recognize Kosovo , but is likely to come under pressure to do more to settle relations the nearer it gets to EU membership , a process that will take years . The EU itself remains divided on Kosovo sovereignty , recognized by 23 of the bloc 's 28 members .
Kegging has a lot of advantages over bottling ; that being said , bottles still hold the advantage in a few areas . Let 's see if kegging is for you :
Pictured below is my kegerator in all of its glory . It currently has a temporary tap list affixed to it .
Many brewers reach the point where they become tired of the hassle of bottling , and dread the chore . I reached that point fairly early on in my brewing career and decided that I needed a change . I got into kegging and have never looked back . I now run a 3 keg setup and I find that it inspires me to keep brewing and perfecting the craft so I always have something new or better when I have friends over .
for kegging , this takes space , which some people do not have .
Kegging can be expensive to get into , but your equipment should last a very long time .
You can also fill bottles off of a keg , but this is as tedious ( if not more so ) than regular bottling .
You can fill a growler off of a keg , but this is not a long term storage solution .
places but it takes a lot of effort and can stir up the stuff that has settled to the bottom making your pours cloudy .
Kegs are ( usually ) stuck in your fridge , you can take
Do n't have to try to retrieve bottles from everyone
Your friends will like your beer more , seriously , something about having your beer come out of a faucet instead of a bottle makes it more credible to non-home brewers .
No yeast in the bottom of pours , this is huge for people who you are trying to introduce to the craft .
Better carbonation control , I found my bottles to never be completely uniformly carbonated .
One vessel to sanitize and fill , this lowers the risk of an in bottle infection .
Kegging is a pretty large investment in a hobby where you can get a kit to start brewing for under $ 100 , but it is a worthwhile investment in my opinion . Many people will advise that starting with fermentation temperature control is a better place to invest your money than a kegerator , this is up to the individual person and may not be true for you .
Now let 's get on with learning about how to put one of these systems together , you 'll need to start by purchasing your kegerator or keezer , I recommend shopping second hand for this purpose . Chest freezers can be a lot cheaper than refrigerators and will fit more kegs , but you 'll need to put together some extra things to make that work .
Before we go shopping for parts , let 's remember that we want kegging to be a `` buy once , cry once '' situation , if you spend the money now you should n't have to replace most of these parts in your lifetime . You 'll also need to decide how many kegs you want to have at this point . Let 's start a parts list for when you go shopping for this stuff now that you have your big cold box :
Faucets , I run Perlicks 630SS faucets , they are stainless steel ( you 'll see a theme here ) and forward sealing so they should n't get as dirty as regular faucets if left in an environment like a garage . If you are on a tighter budget you can run a regular chrome plated bronze faucet , this is a matter of personal preference . You 'll obviously need one of these for each keg .
Shanks , these are what runs through the wall of the fridge , freezer or collar to allow you to get your beer from inside to outside . I run stainless steel 4 '' shanks , these will depend on the thickness of your fridge/freezer/collar . You can also buy chrome plated bronze shanks if youre on a budget . You will need one of these per faucet . A lot of places sell these in a combo with the faucets
Tap handles , sometimes these will be sold with the faucet and shank combo , but you can get the $ 3.00 ones or you can hand make them , or you can buy really fancy ones . I currently have 3 plain black ones , I might change that eventually but it 's not really a priority .
Beernuts/tailpieces , you will need one of each of these for each shank/faucet . Yet again , get the stainless steel , or if you are on a budget you can save a tiny bit here on getting the non-stainless . I recommend standard barbed tailpieces and not the MFL tailpieces .
Beverage tubing , most people agree that 3/16 '' beer line is ideal for home kegging setups . I run my kegging setup at 12PSI so the ideal line length for me is right at 4 feet , there are a lot of articles on balancing your draft system , if you do n't know how much line to buy get 10 foot lines and you can use the extra to change out your lines after a while .
Gas tubing , I run some red 5/16 '' tubing , you can run 1/4 '' tubing also . I have about 6 ' per keg , the length on this is not super important but I like having enough to move my kegs out of the fridge while still connected . You should buy a little extra if you have multiple kegs so that you can feed the gas manifold .
Gas Manifold , if you want to have multiple kegs ( more than 2 ) you will want to get one of these , they allow you to split your gas system to feed multiple kegs .
CO2 regulator , you will need to buy a regulator , I recommend buying a dual body regulator if you have more than 1 keg . This is so that you can adjust to 2 separate pressures if you want to fast carbonate something or if you have a wheat beer and a stout on at the same time and want different carbonation levels . If you have more than 2 kegs you can get your gas manifold slightly smaller to feed off of one of the sides . You can also buy multi-body regulators and feed each keg a different pressure .
CO2 tank , if you have a single keg a 5lb bottle will be plenty , if you 've got the space or are running more than a single keg a 10lb bottle would be preferable . Some people even run 20lb or larger bottles . Before you buy a shiny new aluminum CO2 bottle make sure there is somewhere nearby that fill CO2 tanks ( shoutout to Keller Fire and Safety in Kansas City ) . If this is not the case it will be best to purchase a bottle where you will be swapping your bottles in at , you DO NOT want to swap your shiny new aluminum bottle for a ratty old steel bottle .
Kegs , do not be afraid to buy used here , mine all smelled like soda when I got them . Oxi -clean will fix that right up . If you buy used make sure you get all new o-rings to replace the old worn ones with . Pin-lock kegs are cheaper currently ( as such I recommend them ) , they are slightly shorter and fatter than ball lock kegs but work just the same . I have a ball lock setup because that is what I got for cheap .
Disconnects , you will need a gas and liquid disconnect for each keg . Buy pin lock or ball lock depending on your keg purchase . If you get 1/4 ” MFL disconnects you will need to get the corresponding connectors for your lines .
Hose clamps , you will need lots of clamps , 2 for each line you run , beer lines and gas lines .
The last thing you need will depend on what kind of cold box you bought . If you bought a chest freezer you will need to build a collar to run your shanks through , these are generally made out of 2x8 's and the lid is mounted to the top of the collar . You will also need to get a temp controller , I recommend building an STC-1000 or buying an Inkbird 308 . If you have a fridge you will need a flat place for your kegs to sit . A lot of people build a shelf out of wood to put in the bottom of the fridge , I have a bottom freezer fridge so the bottom of mine was already flat .
Craigslist can be your friend on a lot of the above purchases , if you are patient you can run into a decent deal on kegs and co2 tanks/regulators .
Once you have all of your parts you will need to get some tools together for putting your kegging setup together :
A Drill
Measuring device
7/8 ” hole saw ( bi-metal for those going through the front of fridges )
Screwdriver
Spray bottle
A large pot
A smaller pot of hot water
Various wrenches ( one of my kegs takes a 7/8 ” 12 point socket , the other two are 9/16 ” sockets ) You will also need them for tightening gas lines and beer nuts .
Plumbers tape
Now that you have all of your tools and all of your pieces let 's put this thing together .
I like to start with the gas side of things .
o Begin by putting your regulator on your full CO2 tank , use plumbers tape to ensure no leaks . Then once it is tight close the output on your regulator and turn on the gas . Turn the gas back off now and if the pressure gauge drops quickly you need to look for a leak . If not continue on .
o Next put together your gas lines , I have 1/4 ” mfl fittings on my disconnects so I had to put that together , then attach your lines to your regulator/manifold . Use the hot water to get the lines softer so they slide on easier .
o Once all of your disconnects are connected to your manifold and everything is connected to the regulator you will want to turn the gas on and then back off again . Look for leaks , nothing sucks like finding out your draft system has a leak and you are out of CO2 . You can use the large pot of water to help you find leaks at this point as most likely you will be able to submerge your connections to look for bubbles . Make sure your clamps are tight .
Once your gas side is put together , let 's build some beer lines .
o Put a beer nut on your line , get your tail piece on and use clamps to hold it all together .
o Attach your disconnects to the other side of your beer lines , we will test these lines a little later on with liquid to make sure there are no leaks .
You should now have a pile that looks remotely like this :
Next we will go do the hardest part .
o Grab your drill , hole saw , and measuring devices .
o You will need to measure out where you want your faucets to be , mine are grouped on one side of the fridge to make it easier to open and so that I did n't have to fight the interior shelving on my fridge door . Make sure you pay attention to the interior shelving . Some people will choose to run the tap out the side of the fridge . This is a risk I was not willing to take as I did not want to hit a coolant line . You can still go this route but you will need to be extremely careful . If you hit a coolant line you will suddenly have a big fancy box that no longer gets cold .
o Cut your holes using the hole saw . You may have to clean foam out of it a few times because of the insulation in your fridge .
Now we can finish assembly .
o Shove your shanks through your collar/fridge . Tighten the nuts on the back side .
o Attach your faucets and add tap handles .
o Connect your beer lines to the back of the shanks .
You will next need to get your gas system installed . I have a manifold which is attached to a screw that used to hold shelving in the back of the fridge so it stays out of the way .
Next you will want to test your keg system .
o Mix a keg of sanitizer water , you can use this to test with .
o Put gas to your keg of sanitizer water and attach a beer line , check for leaks . Rinse and repeat until you have checked all of your beer lines , shanks , and faucets for leaks . Tighten down anything that appears to be leaking .
At this point you can use that spray bottle of sanitizer to hit all of your connections and make sure there are no leaks ( it should bubble if there are ) . Occasionally you will need to do this if you find that your gas system is leaking . I had an o-ring go bad on the top of one of my kegs and it caused me to lose most of a bottle of CO2 , this was how I found the leak .
This is what the inside of my kegerator looks like ( please excuse my macro brew and hard alcohol ) the gas bottle is hiding behind the kegs , the short fat one is a converted pin lock keg .
Now your keg system is ready to fill with beer , carbonate , and drink . I recommend setting your pressure at 10-12PSI , but this will vary with your preferences on carbonation , your line lengths , and temperature . If you leave your entire system at serving pressure , it will take about 2 weeks for your beer to be fully carbonated . There are write-ups available on how to carbonate your beer in 2 days or less , but I like to give it the time .
Good luck and good brewing .
From the outset , the Italian government has been among the most tepid enforcers of the European Union 's sanctions against Russia . And as the impact of Western sanctions has reportedly negatively affected the Italian economy , Rome appears increasingly determined to overcome the current regime of penalties imposed on the Kremlin ( Sputnik News , April 15 ; Ambmosca.esteri.it , accessed April 18 ) . Yet , an in-depth look at Italian-Russian trade dynamics , as well as Russia 's import-export data at large , reveals that any attempt by Rome to revise Europe 's sanctions policy toward Moscow will be dictated by political considerations and not by economic needs . And the same goes for other EU countries even more inclined to smooth over the West 's relations with Russia .
In December of last year , the European Council prolonged EU restrictions against Russia by six months , until July 31 , 2016 . The eventual removal or easing of these sanctions is dependent on the full implementation of the Minsk ceasefire agreements , devised to end the conflict in eastern Ukraine between the military units loyal to the government in Kyiv and Moscow-backed separatists .
The Kremlin retaliated against the Western penalties with its own ban on food imports from Europe and the United States , purportedly causing a drastic reduction of Italian exports to Russia . As a result of European sanctions and Russian counter-penalties , Italian exporters estimate they have lost $ 4 billion in earnings between 2013 and 2015 , a decline of 34 percent over this period , according to the Italian small business association CGIA ( Cgiamestre.com , March 26 ) .
Italy is Russia 's second-largest European trade partner after Germany , and has over 400 companies operating on Russian territory . Consequently , the Italian industrial sector is pushing hard for lifting restrictions against the Kremlin ( Ambmosca.esteri.it , accessed April 18 ) . Pressed by the national business community , the Italian government is working in that direction . Italy 's Prime Minister Matteo Renzi questioned the automatic renewal of EU penalties against Moscow at the end of 2015 . While meeting with their Hungarian counterpart , Peter Szijjarto , Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni reiterated Renzi 's concept in mid-March , adding that a decision on Russian sanctions could not be taken in the absence of political debate at the highest level ( RT , March 15 ) .
Plenty of signals point to Italy 's active commitment to de-escalating tensions with the Kremlin . In June , Renzi will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Russia and attend the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum , wherein Italy participates as a partner country ( Sputnik News , April 15 ) . And during talks in Moscow with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , on March 25 , Gentiloni underlined once again Russia 's key role in the ongoing Syrian peace process ( Huffington Post—Italy , March 25 ) . More importantly , it seems that Renzi 's cabinet is preparing Italian companies for a post-sanctions environment . In this regard , Italy 's embassy to Moscow recently published a guide to help Italian entrepreneurs invest in Russia , a document drafted and promoted in association with Moscow 's public and private investment authorities ( Ambmosca.esteri.it , accessed April 18 ) .
An ever-growing number of countries within the European bloc , which the Russian leadership accuses of being dominated by a “ Russophobic minority , ” shares the Italian viewpoint that the sanctions regime should be revised ( TASS , March 25 ) . France , Austria and the Czech Republic have now joined EU members with strong political and economic ties to Russia—like Hungary , Greece and Cyprus—in advocating more friendly relations with Moscow ( Il Foglio , April 8 ) . Moreover , Germany , the EU 's political and economic pivot , is itself looking to mend fences with the Kremlin ( Handelsblatt , April 8 ) .
In addition to commercial calculations , many EU countries think that the Kremlin could be a valuable asset to try and tackle delicate geopolitical crises affecting , directly or indirectly , the European continent : they include the current civil wars in Syria , Libya and Yemen , terrorist threats from the self-styled Islamic State and al-Qaeda , as well as a potential new full-scale war between Armenia and Azerbaijan over Karabakh .
Thus , the EU consensus on penalties against Russia appears on the verge of unravelling . But the idea that trade losses have fueled the anti-sanctions sentiment in Europe is misleading , and Italy is emblematic of this misperception . In reality , the collapse of Italian exports to Russia is not linked to the sanctions regime . It is a product of both the deep economic crisis afflicting the Russian Federation and the fall in the value of the ruble ( with the consequent loss of purchasing power ) . Accurate data analysis , in fact , shows that the sharpest decline in Italy 's export to Russia hit the manufacturing sector , which is not impacted by the Russian counter-restrictions at all ( Corriere della Sera , March 27 ) .
Additionally , it is worth noting that Russia has seen a decrease in trade even with countries not touched by its economic bans , including China . Moscow has tried to shift its economic attention to Beijing to offset plummeting trade with the West due to sanctions over Ukraine . But in 2015 , combined Sino-Russian trade fell by 27.8 percent , to $ 64.2 billion on a yearly basis , as Chinese exports to Russia declined by 34.4 percent to $ 32.9 billion , Beijing 's General Administration of Customs reports ( China.org , January 13 ) .
As it is actually Russia 's economic weakness that has been pushing down Euro-Russian trade , the mounting campaign throughout Europe to lift or ease sanctions against Moscow is clearly being driven mainly by political—not economic—motivations , largely related to the domestic agendas of various EU member states . And as far as its vested interests are concerned , Rome aims to exploit its privileged and proven ties with the Kremlin to regain some sort of centrality within EU institutions , after Germany and France have often excluded it from the strategic control of the European Union over the past decade ( see EDM , January 18 ) . Rebuilding Italy 's robust political link to Russia is , thus , a central feature of this strategy .
Stephen King 's Joyland leads our roundup of the season 's most thrilling reads . Watch behind-the-scenes video from the author 's photo shoot and read the PARADE cover story below .
Plus , find out what King read as a kid and their views on gun control »
There are authors who write best sellers , and authors who write literary fiction ; those who become celebrities , and those whose books make the leap to film , TV , and the stage . Very few authors achieve all of this , but Stephen King is one of them—the king of them , in a way . Before their breakthrough novel , 1974 's Carrie , horror was a dank subgenre of publishing . What King showed the world was a new way to scare people : By writing in clear , compelling prose incorporating twists on everyday life ( the tribulations of an unpopular high school girl in Carrie ; a troubled family in The Shining ) , they made the fright genre more emotional and universal .
They also began to transcend that genre . In tales like “ Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption , ” King extended their range to become , simply , a first-rate storyteller . It 's a skill that deepens in their new novel , Joyland , a paperback original due June 4 from the highly regarded small press Hard Case Crime . ( It has already been optioned for the screen by the director of The Help . ) Set in the early 1970s , Joyland follows lovelorn college student Devin Jones , who , while working at a small-time amusement park , learns the secret history behind a shocking murder . “ I loved county fairs when I was a kid , ” King says . “ There 's sort of a cheesy , exciting feel to them , and I decided that 's what I wanted to write about . ”
King , who divides their time between their native Maine and a home in Florida , is slim and fit at 65 , flashing a frequently boyish and mischievous grin , though they still have a slight limp from the 1999 accident in which they were hit by a minivan while taking a walk . They continue to write accessible stories at a remarkable rate : A sequel to The Shining , titled Doctor Sleep , will be published in September , and they have “ more or less ” completed their first hard-boiled detective tale , Mister Mercedes . A series based on their 2009 novel Under the Dome will air on CBS later this summer , and their musical-theater collaboration with John Mellencamp , Ghost Brothers of Darkland County , will begin what King terms a “ road show tour ” of American cities in the fall .
On this spring day , King settles in for a chat after completing their daily regimen . “ I wrote 1,500 words this morning , ” they say . “ Five pages a day , that 's usually what I get through . It 's obsessive-compulsive more than anything . I 'm scared to death that if I leave it alone , the color will go out of it ; it 'll start to look fake. ” As always , they are full of strong opinions , recommendations , and good humor .
PARADE : Hard Case Crime publishes paperback novels , both new work and reprints of 1950s and '60s thrillers , complete with retro-art covers . Was this why you offered them Joyland , which is set in an earlier era ?
Stephen King : Yes . They reminded me of the books that I cut my teeth on , so to speak , the ones that were on the paperback rack at Roberts drugstore in Lisbon Falls , Maine , while I was going to high school . I thought , Joyland is perfect for Hard Case Crime . It 's not a huge , fat book . It has a mystery , but it has another level , too , where it 's kind of a coming-of-age story , this kid finding their feet after a heartbreak . And because it was so retro , I said to myself , “ Let 's sell it as a book . Let 's hold back all this [ e-book ] stuff . You know , audio , fine . But if people want it , they go to a bookstore and buy it . ”
Joyland has supernatural elements , but it is n't a horror novel .
I 've been typed as a horror writer , and I 've always said to people , “ I do n't care what you call me as long as the checks do n't bounce and the family gets fed. ” But I never saw myself that way . I just saw myself as a novelist . With Joyland , I wanted to try my hand at the whodunit format .
I 'm a situational writer . You give me a situation , like a writer gets in a car crash , breaks their leg , is kidnapped by their number-one fan , and is kept in a cabin and forced to write a book—everything else springs from there . You really do n't have to work once you 've had the idea . All you have to do is kind of take dictation from something inside . But a novel like Joyland has to have a MacGuffin . There has to be a line of logic that leads you to whom the murderer is . It 's almost like constructing crossword puzzles .
I 've been typed as a horror writer ... but I never saw myself that way .
What other books do you think our readers would enjoy this summer ?
The new Kate Atkinson , Life After Life , is a terrific read . And I go back to Agatha Christie in the summertime ; I love those . There 's also a hard-boiled mystery called Gun Machine [ by Warren Ellis ] . Of course , I have to mention my son Owen 's new novel , Double Feature , which is very , very funny , and it 's a bighearted book . And my son Joe [ who writes under the name Joe Hill ] has a new [ vampire ] book out called NOS4A2 . It pulls you in and keeps you in .
I 've heard that your sons show their work to their mom [ novelist Tabitha King ] before it 's published . Do they show it to you as well ?
They show it to both of us , but they take their mother 's criticism very , very seriously . I show them my stuff , too . And she 'll say , “ Here , you 've done this before . This sucks . This is dumb. ” There 's no soft landing with Tabby , and that 's fine . [ My sons ] both dedicated their first novels to her , so it means a lot . She 's a pretty good writer herself , although I ca n't convince them to get out of the garden and write another book .
When your kids were young , did you read to them ?
Oh , yeah . And they read to me , because I would pay them $ 10 a cassette tape . They read me books that I just shoved into their hands . I think my daughter , Naomi , must 've read me all of Wilbur Smith 's novels , one after another . When they were 14 , they read me a book called Raven , about the Jonestown thing . You know , the Reverend Jim Jones ? Drinking the Kool-Aid ?
Wait a minute—you made a 14-year-old read you a book about the Jonestown suicide cult ?
[ laughs ] Yeah , I absolutely did . And at the end of it , they said , “ Dad , yuck. ” When Naomi was 5 and Joe was maybe 3—Owen was n't born yet—sometimes in the afternoon Tabby would say , “ I ca n't deal with it anymore , Steve . I 'm going to lie down. ” These kids would be tearing all over the house , and I 'd be trying to think of something I could do with them . One day , out of desperation , I got a couple of Spider-Man comic books . I did n't expect much , but they went nuts for that stuff . All of them read early . Owen and Naomi read at 2 or something . They were amazing that way .
Do you think that reading occupies the same importance for kids today ?
No , absolutely not . I think it 's because they 're so screen-oriented [ TVs , computers , smartphones ] . They do read—girls in particular read a lot . They have a tendency to go toward the paranormal , romances , Twilight and stuff like that . And then it starts to taper off because other things take precedence , like the Kardashian sisters .
I did a couple of writing seminars in Canada last year with high school kids . These were the bright kids , Ken ; they all have computers , but they ca n't spell . Because spell-check wo n't [ help ] you if you do n't know through from threw . I told them , “ If you can read in the 21st century , you own the world. ” Because you learn to write from reading . But there are so many other byways for the consciousness to go down now ; it makes me uneasy .
King , holding a copy of their new novel , 'Joyland , ' was photographed in April on their property in Florida . ( Michael Edwards )
Speaking of screens , what TV shows are you enjoying these days ?
Justified , Bates Motel , The Walking Dead . The best show of the year is The Americans . I do n't watch Mad Men . I think it 's basically soap opera , and if I want soap opera , I watch Revenge . That show is crazy , but they have great clothes .
You 've said you were n't sure you would be popular beyond your lifetime . What did you mean ?
Well , you really ca n't worry about it . First of all , I 'll be gone , so it is n't like I 'll be sitting in the peanut gallery looking to see what people down in the pit are thinking about what I wrote . Fantasy has a better chance of lasting than a lot of other things . The Hobbit and the Narnia books , they seem to get handed down father to son , mother to daughter . Because they 're set in a fantasy world , they can remain relevant . So maybe things like Salem 's Lot and The Shining might last , the Dark Tower books . I do n't know .
Somebody asked Somerset Maugham about their place in the pantheon of writers , and they said , “ I 'm in the very front row of the second rate. ” I 'm sort of haunted by that . You do the best you can . The idea of posterity for a writer is poison , do n't you think so ?
At this point in your career , what 's the main reason to get up and compose your daily 1,500 words ?
The major job is still to entertain people . Joyland really took off for me when the old guy who owns the place says , “ Never forget , we sell fun. ” That 's what we 're supposed to do—writers , filmmakers , all of us . That 's why they let us stay in the playground .
Know your weather . Plan your day .
Weather Get the latest weather , 24hr detailed forecast and seven day forecast for locations across Canada . Plus , view local radar and satellite imagery . Use Current Location
Alerts Get current weather alerts across Canada from the Authoritative Source of Weather Alerts 24/7 ; Environment Canada . Read about the latest events in our weather summaries . Know the risk of lightning strikes with our lightning danger maps . Track hurricanes in motion .
Marine Connect with the latest marine alerts coming from the Authoritative Source of Weather Alerts 24/7 ; Environment Canada . Also get marine forecasts , sea ice conditions , wave modelling information and sea surface temperatures .
Air Quality Find the latest local air quality forecasts and information .
Analyses and Modelling Access modelling and analyses information on seasonal forecasting , snow depth , wave modelling , sea ice cover , stratospheric ozone , upper air analyses , cloud forecasting , aviation conditions , and geospatial services .
Past Weather Canadians and weather sensitive economic sectors can access past weather data , climate normals , historical radar , and climate data .
About Weather Learn about weather events , health , safety , forecasting tools and services . Weatheradio stations
By Natalie Amsden
I can not help but be ME . Believe me I 've tried otherwise . I was a weird kid . I did n't know I was weird until one day in 5th grade . A boy at my bus stop told me , and I quote , “ Natalie , you always act like an animal. ” The truth is they were probably right . But , so began my typical childhood self-consciousness and approval seeking behaviors . Do n't get me wrong , I was still weird , but I chose to share that side of myself only with my family members , who are just as gloriously strange as I am .
I 've always been rather outspoken ( that 's an understatement ) . My parents used to joke when I was in elementary school that I would one day run for president . As a young teenager I had a well-worn soap box , regularly going on and on and on about my idealistic notions of fixing the ills of the world and how ridiculous it would be to take advice from adults who hated their jobs yet insisted I follow the same path they did . When I was being coached about careers , my response was ,
“ I would rather live in a cardboard box . There HAS to be a better way . ”
My parents used to poke fun at me , claiming that all I ever did was complain . They were right , but unlike most people I did n't just sit back and protest , I actually did something about the things that got me riled up . In high school , I was the leader of a student-run hip-hop dance group that provided extracurricular activities and tutoring for at-risk youth . ( Yes , I will admit , I used to be a breakdancer . )
You would have thought , had you known me , that I never , ever would have done what the adults in my world told me I “ should ” do : go to school and get good grades so you can go to college , get a good job , work most of your waking hours until you 're 65 , retire , live in poverty for 5 to10 years , and ultimately die . But , I did start down that road . I was an A student . I went to college , got a career in Marketing , got married young , just like my parents and their parents had done , and bought a house in the suburbs . Everything was just peachy . But it was n't .
I had submitted . I had sold my soul . At 23 years old I was doing a darn good job living everyone else 's dreams . I might have seemed okay to the outside world , but I had become burnt out and dead inside .
I felt exhausted and empty , like someone drained my blood . At work I would look at the carpet under my cubicle desk ( a.k.a. , voluntary prison ) and dream of curling up in a ball under there and taking a nap . When I would get home from work I 'd frantically prepare dinner , eat and clean , knowing that once I sat down I would n't be able to get up again . By 7:30 p.m. , my young body was totally done for the day . Then one day I was stopped at a traffic light and thought to myself “ I wonder how long this light is . Maybe there 's enough time to close my eyes for a few minutes. ” Then I noticed how strange that thought was . I looked at the other cars around me , all filled with people twice my age , none of whom looked like they felt as terrible as I did . For the first time , I realized something was n't right .
I went to the doctor and had them do every test imaginable , yet they all came back showing I was “ healthy as a horse ” . Eventually my doctor labeled me with “ Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ” and sent me on my way with nothing more than book about changing my diet .
So , I started eating a natural , balanced , healthy diet , and when that did n't help much , I finally woke up one day and realized that working in the corporate rat race I had so firmly resisted was slowly killing me . I said goodbye to my very last employer at the age of 24 and started my own graphic design and marketing company . I slowly began taking control of my life .
A few years later I did some soul searching and decided my purpose was to help others expand their minds and live their own purposes . I also had a deep caring for teenagers , and so I opened a non-profit teen life coaching center . I was feeling a bit more like myself , and my fatigue had improved , but I still had this deep ache inside—like a hungry beast—that I quickly pushed down and repressed , just like all of my deepest desires .
Through my new business venture my own mind expanded . The people I met mirrored back to me—showing me how much of my life was n't really mine . I had an epiphany and there was no turning back . I HAD to be me ! After so long with my true self hiding in they shadow I was n't even sure who I was , but I was 100 percent certain who I was n't . Within a three-month period I totally wiped out EVERYTHING in my life : two businesses , husband , dog , house—everything .
Although there were moments in which I was temped to retreat back into the darkness of repression and denial , I clung firmly to my deep-seated desire to live authentically . As soon as I released all of which no longer served me and let go of the identity I had created around everyone else , the most amazing and perfectly aligned people and circumstances magically appeared in my life . I found my calling as an entrepreneur . I found my soul mate and partner in life . I found my tribe . I found ME .
And the Chronic Fatigue Syndrom ? Changing my eating and sleeping habits helped , but what cured me was releasing the depression caused by repressing my true self .
Now I 'm at a point in which not only am I determined to live my life in authenticity , I am applying this same value to my business . I want to pay it forward . I want to develop a true connection with my tribe and encourage all of you to live in alignment with YOUR true selves . And so , I offer you my business mission—the Transformation Manifesto .
TRANSFORMATION MANIFESTO
We live in a unique point in history–a precipice
of human transformation . WE ARE AWAKENING…
We are no longer content with living someone else 's dream .
~ We long for something more ~
We are on a mission to change the world .
We do n't have a message , we have a MOVEMENT .
We 've unplugged from the matrix .
We do n't just make a change , we totally transform . It 's not that we have no fear , it 's that we do it anyway . THE STATUS QUO MAKES US GAG .
~It 's a life worth living or nothing at all~
We are not going to settle . We do n't wait for a catastrophe to change : we consciously evolve .
We value integrity | We question authority | We rewrite our scripts | We release limitations
We let go of that which does not serve us and when we 're not motivated , WE DREAM BIGGER .
We TAKE RESPONSIBILITY for our lives and we TAKE ACTION !
We turn curses into blessings . We use our gifts and share them with the world . We are grateful .
We enjoy the simple things in life . We breathe . We live . * * We dance in the rain * *
We know that happiness is a CHOICE
and WE CHOOSE TO LIVE an audacious life .
We are authentically , totally , and emphatically US .
We own it . We do n't apologize . We are Transformation .
Natalie , Publisher of Transformation Magazine , has worked with thousands of people seeking to live a life of purpose and genuine relationship with their true selves , others , and their world . They are the former Director of a counseling center for teenagers and their parents . They are also a public speaker and leads workshops and retreats on Practical Spirituality , Finding Joy , Discovering Your Purpose , and Enlightened Relationships . www.transformationservices.org
My boyfriend has been teaching me how to draw my emotions . Basically I normally draw people , and those people tend to have whatever emotion I 'm really feeling in their eyes ( no matter what I do to `` fix '' it ) . They noticed this and is helping me draw the emotions straight onto the paper instead of making them squeeze through the cracks in some unrelated drawing .
I drew this right around the time I broke things off with someone I had considered a best friend . There is betrayal here , and ugliness , and violation ...
I 'm still working out the symbolism , but I think for the first time I really knew what it felt like to draw something genuine and let my emotions and my hand guide me through the entire process .
Drawn with a ball point pen .
Blizzard 's MOBA ( multiplayer online battle arena ) has a new man in charge .
Heroes of the Storm director Dustin Browder announced on Blizzard 's forums that they are leaving the development team for that game to work on a new , unknown project at the company . Alan Dabiri , a 20-year veteran at the studio , will take over as the new Heroes of the Storm director . We have no idea game Browder is working on now , but the idea of any new project at a company known for quality software like Blizzard is exciting .
“ Alan has had a hand in nearly every aspect of Heroes since the beginning , both in their role as our technical director and as part of the team 's collaborative development process , ” Browder said on their post . “ Alan is also a passionate member of the community , and he 's always in touch with what 's happening on Reddit , in our forums , and wherever you 're talking about Heroes . He 's been relentlessly working to make Heroes better for years , and I 'm excited that he 'll be continuing to push the game forward as game director . ”
Heroes of the Storm originally released on PC in 2015 . MOBAs like League of Legends and Dota 2 are some of the most popular games out there , especially in the growing esports market . We do n't know exactly how well Heroes of the Storm is doing , however , since Blizzard does n't release player numbers for it . Blizzard does keep updating the free-to-play game with new heroes and game modes .
In Flames are hitting the road hard . They 're wrapping up a tour with Opeth and on the heels of that have announced a new tour to kick off the new year . They 'll be going all across the US with All That Remains and Wovenwar . If this is the type of bill that tickles your fancy , here are the dates :
02/20 Agoura Hills , CA – The Canyon
02/21 Tucson , AZ – Rialto Theatre
02/22 Las Vegas , NV – House of Blues
02/23 San Diego , CA – House of Blues
02/25 Salt Lake City , UT – The Complex
02/27 Santa Cruz , CA – The Catalyst
02/28 Chico , CA – Senator Theatre
03/01 Sacramento , CA – Ace of Spades
03/03 Missoula , MT – The Wilma Theatre
03/04 Spokane , WA – Knitting Factory Concert House
03/05 Boise , ID – Knitting Factory Concert House
03/06 Portland , OR – Roseland Theater
03/07 Seattle , WA – Showbox SODO
03/09 Vancouver , BC – Vogue Theater
03/10 Kelowna , BC – Level Nightclub
03/12 Edmonton , AB – Encore
03/13 Calgary , AB – Flames Central
03/14 Saskatoon , SK – O'Brians Event Centre
03/15 Winnipeg , MB – The Garrick Centre
03/16 Bismarck , ND – Bismarck Civic Center
03/18 Milwaukee , WI – The Rave
Related Posts
The talks between Obama and al-Maliki come after US forces left Iraqi urban centres [ AFP ]
`` We will move forward with our strategy to responsibly remove American combat brigades from Iraq by the end of next August and fulfil our commitment to remove all American troops from Iraq by the end of 2011 . ''
Under the Status of Forces Agreement ( Sofa ) , the US still has 130,000 troops in Iraq but they are supporting Iraqi government forces rather than providing security .
Investment conference
The Iraqi government is planning to hold a conference in October aimed at encouraging business investment into the country , al-Maliki said after Obama 's address .
`` All of this comes as a natural reaction to the stability and direction of the Iraqi national unity government to provide reconstruction for our country , which was destroyed by war , dictatorship and adventures which affected its infrastructure and services , '' they said .
Al-Maliki 's meeting with Obama was the first between the two leaders since US forces pulled out of Iraq 's urban centres at the end of June .
The talks came two months after al-Maliki hosted Obama in Baghdad , the Iraqi capital .
Security concerns
Nick Spicer , Al Jazeera 's correspondent in Washington , said that the joint press conference contained few dramatic announcements .
`` You might say that this press conference was dull and maybe that is the point , '' they said .
`` Previous visits by al-Maliki all hinged on whether they were going to stay in power - back at home they were seen as an American puppet unable to deal with the huge waves of violence and that it was the American soldiers ' job to deal with that .
Bomb attacks remain a common occurrence in Iraq in the wake of the US pullout [ AFP ]
`` Now , the military security responsibility has been handed back to Iraqi forces in large part and al-Maliki is respected by-and-large as a capable leader in their own country .
`` The point that the two leaders were trying to make today is that security is [ less of ] an issue and they can now talk about things that countries normally talk about - cultural co-operation , trade and investment , scientific co-operation , and so on . ''
But Iraq still remains unstable in the wake of the US forces ' pullout from urban centres . At least 18 people were killed in separate attacks in Baghdad , Baquba and Ramadi on Tuesday .
Before meeting Obama , Al-Maliki met Ban Ki-moon , the UN secretary-general , in New York in an effort to ease UN sanctions imposed on Iraq after its invasion of Kuwait in 1990 .
The Iraqi prime minister then held talks with envoys of the five permanent members
of the UN Security Council - Britain , China , France , Russia and the United States .
`` We were able to clarify ... that Iraq does not appear to be a threat to the international community any more , '' al-Maliki told reporters after the meeting , saying that sanctions were `` no longer required '' .
Titans luckless hooker Beau Falloon will undergo surgery this afternoon on a dislocated wrist suffered in a training mishap at Pizzey Park this morning and is likely to be sidelined for six weeks or more .
The club 's 2014 player of the year was due to return from a shoulder injury this Saturday against the Rabbitohs after missing the previous two matches .
The wrist was dislocated in a simple defensive drill involving Luke Douglas and Eddy Pettybourne at the start of this morning 's session and they were immediately taken to Allamanda Private Hospital at Southport by club physio Greg Condon . X-rays showed no fracture but surgeon , Dr Zeke Tan , scheduled Falloon for surgery to correct the dislocation .
“ It 's terrible news for Beau , particularly as it was such an innocuous tackling drill , ” said coach Neil Henry .
Read more at Titans.com.au
The sweeping victory of Justin Trudeau in Canada 's elections on Monday shows how ready Canadians were to emerge from a decade under the Conservative government of the secretive and combative Stephen Harper . Mr. Trudeau clearly benefited from voters ' memories of their father , Pierre Elliott Trudeau , who rose to power 47 years ago on a platform of liberal reforms and a wave of personal popularity that came to be dubbed “ Trudeaumania. ” To those memories , Justin Trudeau , 43 , added their own charisma and the promise that , as prime minister , they would return Canadians to the tradition of liberal and humanitarian values that their father championed .
In their nearly 10 years in office , Mr. Harper pursued a conservative agenda of lowering taxes , cutting government programs and taking a tough line on security , including the passage of broad antiterrorism laws . Their government also banned women from wearing face coverings at citizenship ceremonies .
Mr. Trudeau , by contrast , has pledged , among other things , to legalize marijuana , revise the antiterrorism laws , stop the purchase of F-35 fighter jets from the United States and end Canada 's combat role in the American-led fight against the Islamic State . While both men backed the Keystone XL oil pipeline , Mr. Trudeau is open to addressing environmental concerns . To many voters , that was the major appeal of Mr. Trudeau — that they would return the Liberal Party , and Canada , to the country 's core values , like a generous safety net , active participation in international organizations like the United Nations , a humanitarian foreign policy and an inclusive concept of nationhood . Mr. Harper 's conservatism was at odds with that identity .
For the Liberals , the election was a stunning reversal of years of sagging fortunes . In the Harper years , the party had lacked a dynamic leader and was eclipsed on the left by the New Democratic Party , which relegated the Liberals to No . 3 in Parliament after the 2011 elections . This time the Liberals soared from 34 seats to 184 in the 338-seat Parliament , while the Conservatives shed 60 seats and the New Democrats lost 59 . The difference was Mr. Trudeau .
What Happens To Spelling Bee Kids ? Years Later , The Prize Is Perspective
Enlarge this image toggle caption Karla Miller
For an academic contest pitting young spellers against the dictionary , the Scripps National Spelling Bee has taken on the intensity of the fiercest athletic events . Feeling the warmth of television lights — not to mention nerves and distractions — all while sports commentators are analyzing your `` style '' and approach is something only a select club of young word-nerdy Americans gets to experience . How does that early experience affect these mostly middle-school-aged kids later in life ?
Lasting Memories
The pressure of having to spell onstage before other competitors , nervous parents and a wider audience during those awkward formative years still sends a chill up the spine of Karla Miller , who competed in the national bees of 1984 , 1985 and 1986 . Them best finish was 31st , when they went out on the word `` dashiki . ''
`` It was a very intense experience . I had never been through something like that , '' Miller says . `` You 're on a stage in front of people , and now you 're on TV and the Twitterati , and all these people watching you , waiting for you to make a mistake . '' Even today , Miller gets too anxious to watch the bee on television . They say she 'll never forget the sound of getting a word wrong : the `` ding '' of a bell .
`` I ca n't handle it , '' they say . `` When I see it on the news , I see the clips and have to turn away because it stresses me out too much . ''
It 's been nearly 30 years since Miller 's first bee , and the stakes have only gotten higher . Cash and prizes total more than $ 60,000 . ESPN is broadcasting not just the final rounds but the semifinals on its ESPN 2 and ESPN 3 channels .
Successful Professionals
They have a little residual spelling stress , but Miller , who today is a writer and editor , says on balance , their early experiences were positive . They helped them with confidence , poise and putting them on track to a career involving language .
Former spellers tend to lead successful professional lives , says James Maguire , who tracked years of national spellers for their book , American Bee : The National Spelling Bee and the Culture of Word Nerds . `` Whatever the menu of things they 're going to do , that skill of single-minded focus is going to help them . Not only can they do that — they can do it under pressure . ''
Maguire says almost all the former spelling bee kids wind up winning `` at life , '' though not necessarily with careers working with words . More than half a dozen former champs from the past two decades excelled in math and science and went on to become physicians .
Other Brainy Pursuits
Srinivas Ayyagari , 32 , was 14 years old when they finished third — for the second time — in the national bee of 1994 . That was the first year ESPN covered it .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Srinivas Ayyagari Srinivas Ayyagari
`` The lights were incredibly bright and that sort of changed the dynamic about it , '' Ayyagari says . `` Seeing someone from ESPN commenting on your style and strategy was bizarre and weird . But it 's the closest I 'll ever come to being an athlete . ''
Not content to stop with just one brainy pursuit , Ayyagari went on to Harvard for college , Penn for law school and Jeopardy ! for a $ 27,400 win . `` This will be a better highlight for you , '' Alex Trebek told Ayyagari after they won .
Other former spelling champs have also gone on to conquer quiz games and shows . Ned Andrews , the 1994 champ who wrote a book of spelling bee advice called The Champion 's Guide to Success in Spelling Bees , still loves a mental challenge . When NPR contacted them to discuss their bee experience , they revealed he 's `` a longtime regular entrant '' in the Weekend Edition Sunday puzzle . `` Big surprise , I know , '' they write .
Today , Ayyagari is searching for full-time work in Washington , D.C . It 's one of the most competitive markets for lawyers , but because of their early experiences , they say he 's used to tough competition .
`` Being a lawyer elsewhere could be a smoother experience , but there 's something there that got lit at a very young age about pushing myself against the best and feeling like I had a reason to do that , '' Ayyagari says .
Lessons About Effort And Luck
Two decades since their peak spelling years , Ayyagari says he 's proud of the effort they put into their early successes .
`` There are going to be factors that you ca n't account for , '' they say . `` Whether it 's words you do n't know or something else . You have to just try your best and the factors you ca n't account for are something you 're going to have to face as best you can . That effort is something that I will always stand behind . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Raga Ramachandran
1988 champion Raga Ramachandran told a television interviewer after they won at age 13 that `` whatever I do , I want to be the foremost in it . '' Them teenage prediction was spot-on . Today , she 's a surgical pathologist at the University of California , San Francisco . They remember every detail of their spelling bee victory for correctly spelling the word `` elegiacal . '' But 25 years later , the champ says their day-to-day life is n't different because of their big win .
`` I think some potential spellers and their families may have this idea that winning the national spelling bee is an automatic passport to success , and I really do n't think that 's true , '' said Ramachandran . In spelling and in life , `` I know a lot of it is luck of the draw . ... If I had gotten a different word , if I had been spelling in a slightly different order , I might very well not have won . ''
`` There are probably 30 or 40 kids who go to bee who have a very realistic chance of winning and I think for them , it really is heartbreaking to not win , '' Maguire says . `` But for all of them to go there and to compete is a good experience , it 's a character-building experience . ''
Regardless of where they placed , the former spellers say they came away with performance poise , an appreciation of hard work and a love of language . Miller is still working with words today — writing the weekly work advice column for The Washington Post Magazine . And every so often , she 's reminded of their days as a competitive speller .
`` To this day when I hear that bell I get that frisson — that little shiver . When I hear that bell I 'm thinking , oh no , I failed at something . And then I realize , no , somebody 's order has come up . ''
Decades later , they 've each won a valuable prize — perspective .
