Changes must be made in order to drive growth in Europe or risk the spread of populism , writes a Nobel laureate in economics .
Can Europe change fast enough to save itself ?
A knowledgeable friend in Milan recently asked me the following question : “ If an outside investor , say , from the United States , wanted to invest a substantial sum in the Italian economy , what would you advise ? ” I replied that , although there are many opportunities to invest in companies and sectors , the overall investment environment is complicated . I would recommend investing alongside a knowledgeable domestic partner , who can navigate the system , and spot partly hidden risks .
Of course , the same advice applies to many other countries as well , such as China , India , and Brazil . But the euro zone is increasingly turning into a two-speed economic bloc , and the potential political ramifications of this trend are amplifying investors ' concerns .
At a recent meeting of high-level investment advisers , one of the organizers asked everyone if they thought the euro would still exist in five years . Only one person out of 200 thought that it would not – a rather surprising collective assessment of the trending risks , given Europe 's current economic situation .
Right now , Italy 's real ( inflation-adjusted ) GDP is roughly at its 2001 level . Spain is doing better , but its real GDP is still around where it was in 2008 , just prior to the financial crisis . And Southern European countries , including France , have experienced extremely weak recoveries and stubbornly high unemployment – in excess of 10 percent , and much higher for people younger than 30 .
Sovereign debt levels , meanwhile , have approached or exceeded 100 percent of GDP ( Italy 's is now at 135 percent ) , while both inflation and real growth – and thus nominal growth – remain low . This lingering debt overhang is limiting the ability to use fiscal measures to help restore robust growth .
The United Kingdom 's Brexit referendum and Donald Trump 's election as U.S. president both reflected public discontent with the distributional aspects of recent growth patterns .
The competitiveness of euro zone economies ' tradable sectors varies widely , owing to divergences that emerged after the common currency was first launched . While the euro 's recent weakening will blunt the impact of some of these divergences , it will not eliminate them entirely . Germany will continue to run large surpluses ; and countries where the ratio of unit labor costs to productivity is high will continue to generate insufficient growth from trade .
Since the 2008 financial crisis , the conventional wisdom has been that a long , difficult recovery for euro zone economies will eventually lead to strong growth . But this narrative is losing credibility . Rather than slowly recovering , Europe seems to be trapped in a semi-permanent low-growth equilibrium .
Euro zone countries ' social policies have blunted the distributional impact of job and income polarization fueled by globalization , automation , and digital technologies . But these countries ( and , to be fair , many others ) still must reckon with three consequential changes affecting the global economy since around the year 2000 .
First , and closest to home , the euro was introduced without complementary fiscal and regulatory unification . Second , China joined the World Trade Organization , and became more thoroughly integrated into global markets . And , third , digital technologies began to have an ever-larger impact on economic structures , jobs , and global supply chains , which significantly altered global employment patterns , and accelerated the pace of routine-job loss .
Shortly thereafter , between 2003 and 2006 , Germany implemented far-reaching reforms to improve structural flexibility and competitiveness . And , in 2005 , the Multi-Fiber Arrangement lapsed . Without the MFA , which had underpinned quotas for textile and apparel exports since 1974 , global textile manufacturing became heavily concentrated in China and , surprisingly , Bangladesh . In 2005 alone , China doubled its textile and apparel exports to the West . This development had a particularly adverse effect on Europe 's poorer regions and less competitive developing countries around the world .
These changes created a growth-pattern imbalance across a wide range of countries . As many countries took measures to address shortfalls in aggregate demand , sovereign debt increased , and debt-fueled housing bubbles expanded . These growth patterns were unsustainable , and when they eventually broke down , underlying structural weaknesses were laid bare .
Resistance to the current system is now growing . The United Kingdom 's Brexit referendum and Donald Trump 's election as U.S. president both reflected public discontent with the distributional aspects of recent growth patterns . And rising support for populist , nationalist , and anti-euro parties could pose a serious threat to Europe as well , not least in large euro zone countries such as France and Italy .
Whether or not these parties succeed at the ballot box in the immediate future , their emergence should cast doubt on overly sanguine views about the euro 's longevity . Anti-euro political forces are clearly making electoral inroads , and they will continue to gain ground as long as growth remains anemic and unemployment remains high . In the meantime , the E.U . will most likely not pursue substantial policy or institutional reforms in the near term , for fear that doing so could adversely affect the outcome of consequential elections this year in the Netherlands , France , Germany , and possibly Italy .
Of course , an alternative view holds that Brexit , Mr. Trump 's election , and the rise of populist and nationalist parties will serve as a wake-up call , and spur Europe toward broader integration and growth-oriented policies . This would require E.U . policymakers to abandon the view that each country is solely responsible for getting its own house in order , while upholding E.U . fiscal , financial , and regulatory commitments .
Upholding E.U . rules is no longer practical , because the current system imposes too many constraints and contains too few effective adjustment mechanisms . To be sure , fiscal , structural , and political reforms are sorely needed ; but they will not be sufficient to solve Europe 's growth problem . The bitter irony in all of this is that euro zone countries have enormous growth potential across a wide variety of sectors . Far from being basket cases , they simply need the system 's constraints to be loosened .
Will Europe 's future resemble a slow-motion train wreck , or will a new generation of younger leaders pivot toward deeper integration and inclusive growth ? It is hard to say , and I , for one , would not dismiss either possibility .
One thing seems clear : the status quo is unstable and can not be sustained indefinitely . Absent a marked shift in policies and economic trajectory , the political circuit breakers will be tripped at some point , just as they have been in the U.S. and the U.K .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2017.www.project-syndicate.org
Richard Donald Crenna ( November 30 , 1926 – January 17 , 2003 ) was an American motion picture , television , and radio actor [ 4 ] and occasional television director . [ 5 ]
Richard Crenna starred in such motion pictures as The Sand Pebbles , Wait Until Dark , [ 5 ] Un Flic , Body Heat , [ 5 ] the first three Rambo movies , [ 4 ] Hot Shots ! Part Deux , [ 4 ] and The Flamingo Kid . Crenna 's first success came on radio in 1948 as high school student `` Walter Denton '' co-starring with Eve Arden and Gale Gordon in the CBS network series Our Miss Brooks . Crenna continued with the long running comedy in its 1952 move into television . They also had a role as `` Luke McCoy '' in the ABC television , and later CBS , series The Real McCoys ( 1957–63 ) .
Early life [ edit ]
Crenna was born November 30 , 1926 , in Los Angeles , the only child of Edith J . ( née Pollette ) , who was a hotel manager in Los Angeles , and Dominick Anthony Crenna , a pharmacist . Their parents were both of Italian descent . [ 6 ] Crenna attended Virgil Junior High School , followed by Belmont High School in Los Angeles , from which they graduated in 1944 . [ 7 ]
World War II service [ edit ]
Following high school , Crenna served in the U.S. Army during World War II , serving in the infantry as a radioman , where they saw combat in Belgium during the Battle of the Bulge ( late 1944 – early 1945 ) . They also briefly served in the Pacific Theater of World War II processing intercepted Japanese radio messages . [ 7 ]
Education [ edit ]
After World War II , Crenna attended the University of Southern California where they majored in English , eventually receiving their Bachelor of Arts degree and was a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity . [ 5 ] [ 8 ]
Acting career [ edit ]
Radio years [ edit ]
Crenna got their acting start on radio . In 1937 , they had gained their first role that of `` the kid who did everything wrong '' on Boy Scout Jamboree , a show on which they continued to appear occasionally in numerous roles until 1948 . In the following year , they started playing Walter `` Bronco '' Thompson on The Great Gildersleeve , and played it until the show 's end in 1957 . They appeared as a delivery boy in My Favorite Husband episode `` Liz Cooks Dinner for 12 '' , was Oogie Pringle on A Date With Judy episode `` The Competitive Diet '' and several other episodes from the show and as a teenager on The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show episode `` Watching the Neighbor 's Daughter '' .
Early television years [ edit ]
From 1948 , Crenna played Walter Denton on radio 's Our Miss Brooks remaining with the cast when it moved into television in 1952 . They guest starred on the Love Lucy episode `` The Young Fans '' with Janet Waldo and on NBC 's 1955–56 anthology series , Frontier , in the lead role of the episode entitled `` The Ten Days of John Leslie '' . In 1955 , they were the guest star on The Millionaire in the episode `` The Ralph McKnight Story '' .
In 1956 , on the television series Father Knows Best , Crenna appeared in the episode `` The Promising Young Man '' as a protege named Woody . In 1957 , they played a bank robber on the Cheyenne show ( season 2 , episode 19 ) .
In 1956 when the Miss Brooks TV series underwent a change in format , the character of Walter Denton was dropped . Crenna then joined the cast of the comedy series The Real McCoys , as Luke McCoy . Kathleen Nolan was cast as their young wife , Kate McCoy . Later , Crenna became one of the four directors of the series during its six-year run ( 1957–63 ) .
In the 1960s , Richard Crenna directed many episodes of The Andy Griffith Show credited as `` Dick Crenna '' . They also directed episodes of Lou Grant , which ran on CBS from 1977-82 . [ 5 ]
Crenna portrayed California state senator James Slattery in the CBS-TV series , Slattery 's People ( 1964–65 ) . For their acting in this series , they were twice nominated for an Emmy Award with slightly different names : for `` Outstanding Individual Achievements in Entertainment '' and for `` Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Dramatic Series '' , both in 1965 . [ 9 ] Crenna was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for `` Best TV Star – Male '' for this same role , again in 1965 . In 1966 , Crenna played beside Steve McQueen as an ill-fated captain of an American gunboat in the 1930s China in The Sand Pebbles .
During the 1970s , Crenna continued their acting in such Western dramas such as The Deserter , Catlow , The Man Called Noon and Breakheart Pass . They made a notable performance in Jean-Pierre Melville 's final film Un Flic in 1972 . In 1976 , Crenna returned to weekly network television in the Norman Lear CBS sit-com All 's Fair , a political satire co-starring Bernadette Peters that lasted a single season . The 1978 NBC-TV miniseries , Centennial , based on James A. Michener 's historical novel Centennial , saw Crenna in the role of deranged religious fanatic , Colonel Frank Skimmerhorn , who ordered the 1864 massacre of Colorado American Indians .
1980s-early 2000s [ edit ]
Crenna in 1998
Crenna won an Emmy Award , [ 5 ] and a nomination for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television , for their performance as the main character in the 1985 movie The Rape of Richard Beck . [ 10 ]
Crenna played John Rambo 's ex-commanding officer Colonel Sam Trautman in the first three Rambo films , a role for which they were hired after the actor Kirk Douglas left the production just one day into the filming of the first movie of the series and which became the veteran character actor 's most famous , their performance received much critical praise . [ 11 ] They also spoofed this character in the movie Hot Shots ! Part Deux , in 1993 . Crenna portrayed the character of New York City Police Lieutenant of Detectives Frank Janek in a series of seven popular made for television films starting in 1988 and ending in 1994 . The character of Janek originally appeared in a series of novels by Award-winning author William Bayer . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
Honors [ edit ]
Crenna was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame located at 6714 Hollywood Boulevard . [ 14 ]
Illnesses and death [ edit ]
Crenna had pancreatic cancer , and died on January 17 , 2003 at age 76 of heart failure at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , with their wife , Penni , and their three adult children by their side , said their daughter Seana Crenna . Their remains were cremated . [ 15 ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2014 Rambo : The Video Game Col. Samuel Trautman Voice / Character Likeness / Uncredited
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Andy Warhol 's Oxidation paintings , perhaps more than any other series in their oeuvre , embody a striking paradox : they are at once aesthetically rich and gleefully transgressive . The present work , created in 1978 , is an especially beautiful example from the series . Its surface offers up sensual delight in its coppery iridescence , and its composition is enlivened by elegant splashes that radiate outward with visceral energy . Yet Warhol 's method for achieving such rich painterly abstraction was notoriously base , the product of Warhol and company urinating on the copper-coated canvas . The result is at once a pointed parody of Jackson Pollock 's drips and splashes and a brazenly original take on abstraction .
Also known as `` Piss paintings , '' Warhol worked on the Oxidation series from 1977 to 1978 . They worked by spreading canvases out on the floor and coating them with a copper paint , which they would typically direct their assistants or Factory visitors to urinate on while the paint was still wet . Over time , the uric acid would oxidize the metal in the copper paint and create an attractively shimmering patina . Although the act of urination might seem to be the ultimate gesture of desecration , Warhol ironically insisted on the importance of artistic skill in their creation , explaining that `` they had technique , too . If I asked someone to do an Oxidation painting , and they just would n't think about it , it would just be a mess . Then I did it myself -- and it 's just too much work -- and you try to figure out a good design '' ( A. Warhol , quoted in I 'll Be Your Mirror : The Selected Andy Warhol Interviews , edited by K. Goldsmith , 2004 , p. 327 ) . Warhol particularly loved having their assistant Ronny Cutrone contribute these works , `` because they take a lot of vitamin B so the canvas turns a really pretty color when it 's their piss '' ( A. Warhol , quoted in The Andy Warhol Diaries , ed . P. Hackett , 1989 , p. 55 ) . They were so inspired by the painterly effects they achieved through the use of urine as a substitute for paint that they even experimented with brushing urine onto the canvas , although they gave up after finding it too difficult .
Warhol created their first `` Piss painting '' in 1962 , which is no longer extant and only known through photographs . It is significant that they were experimenting with this radically scatological approach to art-making alongside their Pop breakthroughs such as their silkscreens of Campbell 's soup cans and Marilyn that they created during that year . While Warhol 's Pop silkscreens used strategies of repetition and banality to displace notions of personal expression from the art object , their `` Piss paintings '' insist on a frank carnality in their method of execution . Turning the body into a brush , Warhol alchemically transforms waste into artistic creation . They were likely aware of artistic precedents such as Piero Manzoni 's Merda d'artista of 1961 , although Warhol 's approach emphasizes aesthetic delectation as much as conceptual gesture .
Warhol chose to focus on the Oxidation paintings at a time in the 1970s when they were derided as simply a slavish society portraitist . They strategically used the Oxidation paintings to reassert their vanguard status , along with other abstract series such as the Rorschachs and Shadows . In these works , as in other formative paintings from the 1960s , Warhol challenged Abstract Expressionist conventions and particularly Jackson Pollock as a paradigm of artistic originality and prowess . Pollock was hailed by Life magazine as the greatest living artist in America in the summer of 1949 , just when Warhol moved to New York after graduating from art school , and remained an important figure for Warhol . Famed for their rebellious persona as much as their groundbreaking painting , Pollock was reputed to have urinated on canvases before giving them to clients they did n't like , and urinated in Peggy Guggenheim 's fireplace to protest their cutting down the size of a mural they made . Warhol apparently found Pollock 's macho bravado ridiculous . As Warhol stated , `` I asked Larry [ Rivers ] about Jackson Pollock . 'Pollock ? Socially they were a real jerk , ' Larry said . 'Very unpleasant to be around . ' I tried to imagine myself in a bar striding over to say , Roy Lichtenstein and asking them to 'step outside ' because I 'd heard he 'd insulted my soup cans . I mean , how corny '' ( A. Warhol , quoted in Andy Warhol : The Late Work , 2004 , p. 91 ) . Warhol played on the phallic connotations of Pollock 's virile flinging of paint by substituting sexual organs for paintbrush . Indeed , a sexual dimension is also present in the Oxidations in the way they allude to practices current in the underground fetish scene in New York , which Warhol frequented . As one Factory regular characterized the production of the Oxidations `` It was like a Robert Mapplethorpe photograph come alive '' ( B. Colacello , quoted in Holy Terror : Andy Warhol Close Up , 1990 , p. 341 ) .
Characteristically , the spectacle that Warhol presided over while creating their Oxidations was an important part of the work . As Cutrone described , working on the Oxidation paintings in the Factory `` became almost a sort of performance . Like an Yves Klein kind of thing ; with women rolling on the canvas . We would instead bring in boys and girls and have them standing on the big canvases . So the studio would become like a toilet , a giant urinal '' ( R. Cutrone , quoted in Andy Warhol : The Late Work , p. 92 ) . Warhol 's Oxidations certainly conjure associations with the most famous urinal in the history of art , Marcel Duchamp 's Fountain , an emblem of artistic rebellion since 1917 , when it was rejected from the Armory show . Like Duchamp , who questioned the boundaries of art by presenting an upturned urinal on a pedestal as sculpture , Warhol tests the limits of what can be considered painting in the Oxidations .
Going to the wall .
Last night in Arizona , the president said a lot of insane ( and insanely petty ) things that did n't really matter — and a few that just might . Among the latter was an apparent pledge to shut down the government next month if Congress fails to appropriate significant funds for their border wall .
“ If we have to close down that government , ” Donald Trump said , “ we are going to build that wall . ”
Now , this president has a knack for taking firm stands , and then sitting the second they start to feel a strain in their legs . And the House , Senate , and government of Mexico have all already called Trump 's various bluffs on the border wall .
Back in April , the White House signaled that Trump was prepared to veto any spending bill that did not include funds for their monument to American xenophobia — even if that meant triggering a government shutdown on the morning of their 100th day .
This threat never made a whole lot of sense . Essentially , Trump 's message to Democrats boiled down to : Vote for something your base vehemently opposes , or else I will sabotage my own approval rating and that of my party . Republicans have unified control of the federal government . If that government grinds to a halt , the majority of Americans are n't going to blame Chuck Schumer and those “ obstructionist Democrats. ” Eventually , this reality was conveyed to the commander-in-chief , and the White House backed down .
So , there 's reason to think Trump 's latest red line was drawn in erasable ink . But there 's also reason to worry that Trump may prove more intransigent now than they were four months ago . The failure of Obamacare repeal has made the president all the more anxious to follow through on their other signature campaign promises . More critically , Trump may have realized that there will never be a “ right time ” to force the wall issue ( while still failing to recognize that this is because they ca n't make Congress pass things it does not wish to ) .
The wall was the very heart of Trump 's campaign . Like the candidate himself , this “ policy ” was so unencumbered by mundane political and geographic realities that it was capable of giving full expression to Republican voters ' longing for protection from demographic change , and/or the cornucopia of evil impulses that they 'd projected onto alien others . To admit that the wall works as a symbol but fails as a policy would be to cop to one of the Trump campaign 's central lies . And , according to Politico , the president has little interest in doing that :
Trump has told their advisers they will not accept a deal on other issues without money for the wall “ and it has to be real money , ” said one senior White House official .
Trump has told senior White House officials and advisers they would be willing to go to whatever means necessary to get money for the wall , a contentious claim even among their advisers .
They have n't given specific amounts of money that they want , but “ enough to really start building it , ” said one person who spoke to them this weekend .
… Two people who have spoken to Trump said they see not building the wall as a personal embarrassment — and has shown more interest in building the wall than in other issues , like the upcoming budget negotiations .
Trump is not going to get enough funding to begin construction on a wall that spans America 's entire southern border . Any new spending bill will be subject to a Democratic filibuster in the Senate . And even if Trump did n't need Democratic votes , Republicans who represent areas where the wall would be more than a symbol have little interest in building it . As the Hill notes :
Republicans from border states such as Sen. Jeff Flake ( Ariz. ) and Reps. Will Hurd ( Texas ) , Martha McSally ( Ariz. ) and Steve Pearce ( N.M. ) have expressed doubts about the plan :
“ The construction of a physical wall on the southern border will never be the solution . The only way to secure the border is through the use of modern technology and a comprehensive strategy for patrolling the border , ” Pearce said in July after voting against the $ 1.6 billion House provision to fund some 28 miles of new border wall , plus a combined 46 miles of new and secondary fencing .
The provision passed , but the Senate has not yet taken up the measure .
Still , there are plenty of congressional Republicans who want that wall as much as Trump does . And the president 's brainless brinksmanship could inspire the House Freedom Caucus , which shares the president 's belief that sabotaging the government 's capacity to function is a sound strategy for passing contentious legislation . Which is to say : Even if the president is n't actually prepared to trigger a shutdown with a veto , their bluster could inspire Ryan 's caucus to shut down the government for him .
It 's also possible that congressional Democrats could use Trump 's obsession with wall funding to their advantage . Appropriating a couple billion dollars for a wall in the desert would be bad public policy . But such a provision would hurt far fewer people than most of the GOP 's other goals for the federal budget . If throwing Trump a symbolic amount of border funding can win Team Blue new appropriations that strengthen Obamacare , or the maintenance of domestic programs for low-income people at their current funding levels , it might be worth playing ball .
“ The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it , ” Donald Trump once paid someone to write . “ That makes the other guy smell blood , and then you 're dead . ”
If their nostrils are n't clogged , Chuck Schumer should be getting a whiff of vital fluid right now .
Share . This is a PC shooter to watch . This is a PC shooter to watch .
Like Tribes : Ascend and Blacklight : Retribution before it , Planetside 2 pushes the boundaries for free-to-play shooter visuals . Gigantic environments burst with color , high-res character models use jumpjets to leap into the air , and tank rounds burst into humongous balls of flame as they smash into other vehicles .
And that 's just what it looks like during the day .
Exit Theatre Mode
Planetside 2 's online world is entirely persistent . Wars waged at 2AM affect the landscape for those who log in the next day , and losing a base means that your faction also loses valuable resources . You see , thousands of players gather into a Planetside 2 server , fighting for their faction 's chance at taking another chunk of the continent . Each chunk gives your faction additional resources , and these resources allow your faction to build vehicles and other important strategic assets for future conflicts . Even if you own a valuable piece of land the fight is far from over , as the resources are partially siphoned off by any players who own adjacent territories -- something Sony Online Entertainment hopes will fuel players to conflict on the front lines .
The persistent world also means that victory in Planetside 2 is different than other shooters . There 's no `` Victory '' screen at the end of a firefight , and you 'll never see the credits roll . Instead , Planetside 2 's sense of reward comes from the camaraderie you develop with your faction , in the stories you live to tell about an epic skirmish or the time you and a few friends managed to hold the line . You might ultimately lose an outpost two days after a valiant defense in a surprise attack , but you still have the experience and memories you crafted with your friends and fellow faction fighters .
Combat in Planetside 2 feels a lot like EA 's Battlefield franchise . You pick your class from familiar archetypes like engineer , riflemen or sniper , then , depending on the territory you 're fighting over , play capture the flag , capture point , or other typical shooter modes . Planetside 2 does n't do all that much to innovate in terms of modes , but it nails the gameplay . Shooting feels good ; the weapons have heft . The levels are also vast , ensuring that no team can simply dominate the entire map . Just like a real battlefield , fights in Planetside 2 are composed of a number of small skirmishes taking place over great swaths of land , rather than just one clustered up field of war .
How you fight also changes depending on the time of day . While SoE still has n't finalized exactly how quickly the real-time day / night cycle occurs , they want players to coordinate online with their faction to play precision strikes that take advantage of the lighting . For instance , imagine a situation where players gather on boards and plot out a night assault on a neighboring territory . Prior to this they spend experience ( called Credentials ) to purchases flashlights and night vision scopes for the weapons . Then they assault in force : using their combined resources they roll in with tanks , gigantic drop-ships and troops who are ready to take on enemies in a low-light environment . Their foes might not have planned appropriately , and the glaringly bright flash of their muzzles in the late hours will give their positions away . Having seen the day / night cycle in person , I can tell you that Planetside 2 's lighting effects are downright awesome .
Exit Theatre Mode
Releasing alongside Planetside 2 , the mobile app aims to keep you connected to the world at all times . For now it 's for some Android devices and iPad only , but it allows you to see how the fight for the continent is going in real-time , as well as use their integrated voice chat system to talk with your friends who are playing the game . You can also review your stats and use the apps database to review stats on the vast number of upgradeable items and weapons .
Planetside 2 does n't have a firm release date , but it will enter beta later this year . We 'll be diving headlong into battle soon , though , so stay tuned to IGN for more Planetside 2 information .
A federal judge in Atlanta has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a woman who was arrested by mistake and then held for 53 days in jail before finally being released .
Teresa Ann Culpepper had filed suit against Atlanta police and Fulton County officials over their wrongful arrest in August 2011 . They previously settled claims against the city .
On Wednesday , Senior U.S. District Judge Charles Pannell Jr. dismissed their remaining claims against Fulton prosecutors , finding they had immunity from such litigation .
Culpepper was arrested because they had the same first name as another woman wanted by authorities in an aggravated assault case , even though Culpepper provided officers with their driver 's license that showed they did not have the same name and was not the same age as the real suspect . They also did not have a gold tooth that police were told the real suspect had .
Culpepper was cleared of the felony charges weeks later when the victim in the case saw Culpepper in court and said they were not the person who committed the crime — yet Culpepper was returned to jail and remained there for several more days before being released .
Box three from 12Society box arrived !
What is 12Society ? It 's a monthly “ Box of Crap “ subscription service . For your $ 39 you are supposed to get at least $ 125 worth of items . I originally found out about 12Society on Reddit 's shutupandtakemymoney subreddit . This is my review and breakdown of my third box .
First the picture of the craptastic goods :
This month is a HUGE disappointment… I used the word “ craptastic ” because this box is complete disappointment… The box is supposed to be worth $ 125… If I were one of the “ celebrities ” involved with this company I would be ashamed and embarrassed ! I 'm not even going to bother commenting on the items for the most part , I 'm just going to post the description that each celebrity wrote about the items in the accompanying booklet… That will provide entertainment value enough…
Pop Phone – $ 11.88
“ Even though I 'm always on the run , I make it a point to stay connected to the people in my life . I 'm constantly on my cell , whether it 's checking in with my family , talking to friends , or taking care of business . The problem I always used to have though , was actually finding a place that was quiet enough to have a conversation on the go . That is , until I started using the Pop Phone . This thing is incredible ! I can plug it into my cell phone , and get the clarity and comfort of a landline anywhere with cell phone reception . The best part is , no more dropping calls from accidentally hitting the hang up button on a though screen ! Talk away , my friends ” – Nick Cannon
Happy Socks – $ 12
” There are a lot of ways to complete and outfit , but when it comes to clothing , there 's nothing like a pair of awesome socks . Few clothing items add as much subtle character and nuanced personality . That 's why this month I am including my favorite and most versatile pair – Happy Socks . These are stylish , comfortable , and literally fit any type of outfit , no matter how dressed up or casual . I 'm known for spreading the love , so here is a little piece of Happiness. ” – Kevin Love
12Society T-Shirt – $ ? ?
( Advertising for their company ) This is seriously the thinnest weight shirt ever , you can see through it .
“ Before I hit the stage , I take time to choose my outfits . Without looking great , I know I wo n't be great . At the end of July , I performed on Jimmy Kimmel Live wearing a personalized 12Society t-shirt that I designed specifically for the show . It was the night that my new album , Life Is Good , hit # 1 on the Billboard charts so it was definitely a very special performance . Ever since then , people have been asking me where they could get the shirt – well here it is , a special gift for all of you 12Society Members . Thanks for being part of the journey – it will only get better ” – Nasir Jones
Five Four T-Shirt– $ ? ?
( Advertising for their company ) I 'm going to go ahead and assume that this is another ” subscription box ” by the same company that does the 12Society boxes . The T-Shirt is exactly the same as the 12Society shirt above .
” Whenever someone asks me what 's in my wardrobe , my response is always the same : Five Four . I love everything about this company , from the shirts to the hats to jackets to literally everything else . I 've been wearing their gear since the company began and have been able to watch them grow . I have a lot of friends around the NFL hooked on this brand too , and I 'm very happy to make this my 12Society pick for the month . This is a t-shirt that you wont find anywhere else , and truly a 12Society exclusive . If you already own clothing from these guys , you know exactly why I love this brand and if this is your first time , welcome to Five Four ! ” -Michael Strahan
Malin + Goetz Rum Soap $ 10 – Quite Possibly the only decent item in the box…
What Tim Lincecum had to say about their choice : “ Despite what some people say , baseball is a hard sport and greatness is built on blood , sweat and tears . A dirty uniform is a good sign that you gave it all out on the field . But after the game , it 's time to get fresh and clean . Check out this awesome Malin + Goetz Rum Bar Soap – it smells great , it 's good for the skin , and it 's a great way to get refreshed before a night out . Game on. “
Wrap-Up
At this point I have to seriously consider whether or not to continue my subscription to 12Society . Perhaps I 'm not the target demographic . They state that the value of the box will be $ 125 minimum value… This box is no where near that number , hell it does n't even hit the $ 39 cost of the box !
The New York Yankees have found a replacement for Jorge Posada .
New York acquired catcher Ivan Rodriguez from the Tigers on Wednesday for right-handed pitcher Kyle Farnsworth .
The deal was first reported by ESPN The Magazine 's Buster Olney .
`` Honestly , I was shocked by this , but that 's baseball , '' Rodriguez said . `` Now , I 'm just looking forward to playing for the Yankees and maybe I will play against Detroit again in the playoffs . ''
After New York 's 13-3 rout of the Orioles on Wednesday , Yankees manager Joe Girardi expressed their satisfaction with the deal .
`` He 's hitting over .290 I believe and he 's been hot so we 're looking forward to having him , '' they said .
Rodriguez , who is in the final year of the contract they signed with the Tigers in 2004 that will ultimately pay them $ 50 million , waived their no-trade clause to join the Yankees .
`` Pudge has always wanted to play in New York and Detroit felt it needed a relief pitcher , so both sides were able to get what they wanted to some degree , '' Rodriguez 's agent Scott Boras told The Associated Press .
Rodriguez is batting .295 this season with five home runs and 32 RBIs in 82 games . In 18 seasons with the Rangers , Marlins and Tigers , he 's hit .302 with 293 homers and 1,214 RBIs .
`` It 's going to be very exciting . They are in the race and I 'm ready to do my job , '' Rodriguez said .
A 14-time All-Star , Rodriguez won the American League MVP award in 1999 and for years was known as the best defensive catcher in the game . They earned Gold Gloves in 13 seasons , a record for a catcher .
Willie Mays , Roberto Clemente and Rodriguez are the only three players in baseball history with at least 12 Gold Gloves and a career .300 average or better . Rodriguez has caught 2,142 games , trailing only Carlton Fisk ( 2,226 ) and Bob Boone ( 2,225 ) in terms of longevity behind the plate .
`` He 's been a great player for a long time and I remember the battles we had in Texas . He 's been a world champion , '' said Girardi , who was a member of the Yankees during playoff battles with the Rangers in the '90s .
In their lone season in Florida in 2003 , Rodriguez helped lead the Marlins to a World Series victory over the Yankees .
The Yankees expect Rodriguez to join the team on Thursday , when they start a four-game series against the Los Angeles Angels .
Rodriguez has said they want to play next season and beyond , but for now is focusing solely on helping the Yankees catch Tampa Bay and Boston in the AL East .
`` It 's going to be very exciting , '' they said . `` They are in the race and I 'm ready to do my job . ''
Tomb is a free and open source file encryption tool to protect your secret files in GNU/Linux operating systems . It allows the users to create a encrypted storage ( a folder ) in the file system and save the important data in it . The encrypted storage can be opened and closed using their associated keyfiles , which are also protected by a password chosen by the user . For the sake of security , you can save the keyfiles on a separate medium , say for example an USB drive or a CD/DVD . The encrypted folders are called “ tombs ” . You can create any number of tombs in your hard drive as long as it has enough free space . A tomb can only be opened if you have both the keyfile and the password . It also has advanced features , like steganography , which allows you to hide the keyfiles within another file . Even though , Tomb is a CLI tool , it also has a GUI wrapper called gtomb , which makes the usage of Tomb much easier for the beginners .
In this brief tutorial , let us see how to install Tomb and how to use it to encrypt the files in Linux .
Tomb – A File Encryption Tool To Protect Your Secret Files
Install Tomb in Linux
Tomb will only work on GNU/Linux at this time .
On Arch Linux and derivatives :
In Arch Linux , Tomb is available in AUR . So , you can install it using AUR helper tools such as Yay as shown below .
$ yay -S tomb gtomb
On Debian , Ubuntu , Linux Mint :
SparkyLinux ( A Debian derivative ) developers have added Tomb package in their official repositories . So , you can install it by adding the SparkyLinux main repositories in your DEB based system .
To add SparkyLinux repositories in your Debian , Ubuntu , Linux Mint system , create a repository file :
$ sudo vi /etc/apt/sources.list.d/sparky-repo.list
Add the following lines :
deb https : //sparkylinux.org/repo stable main deb-src https : //sparkylinux.org/repo stable main deb https : //sparkylinux.org/repo testing main deb-src https : //sparkylinux.org/repo testing main
Save and close the file .
Install Sparky public key :
$ wget -O - https : //sparkylinux.org/repo/sparkylinux.gpg.key | sudo apt-key add -
Then , update the source list using command :
$ sudo apt-get update
Finally , install tomb and gtomb using command :
$ sudo apt-get install tomb gtomb
For other Linux distributions , follow the steps provided here .
Usage
The command line way :
Like I said already , we call encrypted directory as “ tomb ” . Each tomb can be opened using their associated keyfile and password .
Let us create a new tomb , say for example ostechnix , with size 100MB . You need to be either root user or have sudo privileges to create tombs .
$ sudo tomb dig -s 100 ostechnix.tomb
Sample output :
tomb . Commanded to dig tomb ostechnix.tomb tomb ( * ) Creating a new tomb in ostechnix.tomb tomb . Generating ostechnix.tomb of 100MiB 100+0 records in 100+0 records out 104857600 bytes ( 105 MB , 100 MiB ) copied , 0.737713 s , 142 MB/s -rw -- -- -- - 1 root root 100M Jul 5 06:01 ostechnix.tomb tomb ( * ) Done digging ostechnix tomb . Your tomb is not yet ready , you need to forge a key and lock it : tomb . tomb forge ostechnix.tomb.key tomb . tomb lock ostechnix.tomb -k ostechnix.tomb.key
Create a keyfile used to lock the newly created tomb .
$ sudo tomb forge ostechnix.tomb.key
Note : If you encountered an error like below , there might an active swap partition .
tomb . An active swap partition is detected ... [ sudo ] password for ostechnix : tomb [ W ] This poses a security risk . tomb [ W ] You can deactivate all swap partitions using the command : tomb [ W ] swapoff -a tomb [ W ] [ # 163 ] I may not detect plain swaps on an encrypted volume . tomb [ W ] But if you want to proceed like this , use the -f ( force ) flag . tomb [ E ] Operation aborted .
Deactivate all swap partitions to fix this as shown below .
$ sudo swapoff -a
And , then re-run the command to create keyfile . It will take some time . Keep using this computer on other tasks to create enough Entropy . Follow the steps below to quickly generate enough entropy .
After few minutes , once enough entropy has been generated , you 'll be asked to enter a new password to secure the key . Enter it twice .
We have just created a keyfile .
Run the following command to lock the tomb using the keyfile :
$ sudo tomb lock ostechnix.tomb -k ostechnix.tomb.key
You will be asked to enter a password to your.tomb.key file :
After entering a password , you 'll see an output something like below .
tomb . Commanded to lock tomb ostechnix.tomb [ sudo ] Enter password for user ostechnix to gain superuser privileges tomb . Checking if the tomb is empty ( we never step on somebody else 's bones ) . tomb . Fine , this tomb seems empty . tomb . Key is valid . tomb . Locking using cipher : aes-xts-plain64 : sha256 tomb . A password is required to use key ostechnix.tomb.key tomb . Password OK. tomb ( * ) Locking ostechnix.tomb with ostechnix.tomb.key tomb . Formatting Luks mapped device . tomb . Formatting your Tomb with Ext3/Ext4 filesystem . tomb . Done locking ostechnix using Luks dm-crypt aes-xts-plain64 : sha256 tomb ( * ) Your tomb is ready in ostechnix.tomb and secured with key ostechnix.tomb.key
Now , we have a 100MB tomb called “ ostechnix ” , and locked it down using a keyfile , which is also protected by a password .
Since this is just demonstration purpose . I have stored the keyfile and tomb in the same directory ( my $ HOME directory ) . For the sake of security , you should n't keep your keys where your tomb is ! If you have stored the keyfile in a different path or medium , you need to mention the correct the path value of keyfile while opening the tombs .
To open the tomb , run :
$ sudo tomb open ostechnix.tomb -k ostechnix.tomb.key
Enter the password to your keyfile :
After entering the valid password , you will see the following output :
[ ... ] tomb ( * ) Success unlocking tomb ostechnix tomb . Checking filesystem via /dev/loop2 fsck from util-linux 2.31.1 ostechnix : clean , 11/25168 files , 8831/100352 blocks tomb ( * ) Success opening ostechnix.tomb on /media/ostechnix
Congratulations ! The tomb has been mounted under /media directory ( i.e /media/ostechnix in my case ) .
Now , you can save your secret files/folders in this tomb ( i.e encrypted directory ) . Again , you need to be sudo or root user to save the data in this tomb .
Once you are done , close it using command :
$ sudo tomb close
Sample output :
tomb . Closing tomb [ ostechnix ] mounted on /media/ostechnix tomb ( * ) Tomb [ ostechnix ] closed : your bones will rest in peace .
If you are in a hurry , you can forcibly close all open tombs using command :
$ sudo tomb slam all
The above command will immediately close all open tombs , killing all applications using them . We can use multiple tombs at the same time . All directories and files inside them can be bound to files and directories inside your $ HOME , placing all configurations where the applications expect them .
For more usage details , refer the official guide .
The graphical way :
If you do n't comfortable with the command line , you can use Gtomb , the GUI wrapper for Tomb .
Launch it from the Menu . This is how gtomb default interface looks like .
As you see in the above screenshot , all options are self-explanatory .
To create a tomb , choose the first option dig , and click OK . Choose the location where you want to keep the tomb .
Next , enter the size of your tomb :
Next , we need to create keyfile which is used to lock down the the tomb . Choose forge from the main menu and click OK . Enter passphrase twice .
Next , choose lock from the main menu to lock down the tomb using the newly created key file . To open the tomb , choose open from the main menu and choose the tomb .
As you can see , gtomb usage is fairly easy and straight forward . You do n't have memorized all commands . You can do everything with few mouse clicks .
And , that 's all for now . I hope this helps . As far as I tested , Tomb is one of the useful tool ever I have used . It helps you to secure your secret files in an encrypted directory . Give it a try , you wo n't be disappointed .
More good stuffs to come . Stay tuned !
Cheers !
Resource :
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nationalist demonstrators have taken to the streets , enraged by deadly PKK attacks on security forces
The head of the pro-Kurdish opposition HDP party has accused the ruling AKP of orchestrating nationalist attacks and pushing Turkey towards civil war .
No-one has been killed , but Selahattin Demirtas said their supporters were facing a `` campaign of lynching '' .
Later Mr Demirtas was prevented from going to the south-eastern city of Cizre , currently under military curfew .
Violence between the army and the militant Kurdish PKK has escalated since a ceasefire collapsed in July .
Turkey is to hold elections in November after inconclusive polls in June .
PM 's denunciation
As the atmosphere in Turkey becomes increasingly febrile , Mr Demirtas questioned whether the vote could even go ahead while temporary military zones were in place in 100 areas of Turkey 's mainly Kurdish south-east . They said there had been 400 attacks on HDP offices in two days .
Image copyright AFP Image caption The headquarters of the HDP in Ankara was badly damaged by fire on Tuesday night
Image copyright Reuters Image caption HDP leader Selahattin Demirtas argued that their party had not supported a return to war with the Kurdish militant PKK
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu took to Twitter to denounce the attacks . `` It is unacceptable to damage media institutions , political party buildings and the property of our civilian citizens , '' they said .
But Mr Demirtas accused the prime minister and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of taking `` the decision to start this war and intensify it '' .
The HDP denies claims by nationalists that it is a political wing of the militant PKK ( Kurdistan Workers ' Party ) and its leaders have accused the ruling AK Party of stoking unrest to drum up nationalist support ahead of the 1 November vote .
The HDP entered parliament for the first time in June elections ; its 14 % share of the vote deprived the AKP of a parliamentary majority .
Over the summer , the AKP made a vain attempt to reach a coalition deal with rival parties .
'Living together '
The headquarters of the HDP ( Peoples ' Democratic Party ) headquarters in Ankara was attacked by a crowd and set alight late on Tuesday while Kurdish shops and stores in several cities were targeted by nationalists .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Windows at the Hurriyet newspaper in Istanbul were smashed
Image copyright AFP Image caption Protesters accuse Hurriyet newspaper of misquoting the president
HDP lawmaker Garo Paylan complained that police stood by as the party building was attacked . `` Police are just watching , they said . `` What 's being broken there is our hope of living together . ''
Two newspapers , Hurriyet and Daily Sabah , were also attacked . Hurriyet had earlier been accused by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of misquoting him .
Although no-one has been killed in nationalist protests , dozens of members of security forces as well as militants have died in recent days .
Fourteen police lost their lives in a bomb attack on a minibus near the eastern border on Tuesday , a day after 16 soldiers were killed in another PKK bombing .
Turkish fighter jets launched a wave of attacks on PKK bases in northern Iraq and ground forces crossed the border in pursuit of Kurdish militants for the first time since a ceasefire with the PKK two years ago .
Body in refrigerator
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bus companies cancelled journeys from the south-eastern city of Diyarbakir because of the violence
In Cizre , one resident told the BBC that a curfew imposed after deadly clashes meant that people were being kept under siege by security forces .
The body of a 10-year-old boy killed in the violence was being kept in a refrigerator by family members because restrictions on movement meant they could not take them to the mortuary .
On Wednesday , a convoy of vehicles carrying Mr Demirtas and other HDP officials was stopped by police as they tried to travel to Cizre .
The delegation was blocked outside the town of Midyat , about 90km ( 55 miles ) west of the city .
Mr Demirtas said the delegation would continue on foot , according to AFP news agency .
More than 40,000 people have died since the PKK launched an armed campaign in 1984 , calling for an independent Kurdish state within Turkey .
The ceasefire that began in 2013 unravelled in July , after a suicide bombing by suspected Islamic State militants near the border with Syria . The attack led to mutual recriminations between Kurdish groups and Turkey .
Are you in Ankara ? Did you take part in the protests in Istanbul ? You can share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk .
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist . You can also contact us in the following ways :
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
In January 2013 , a month after the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School , the state of New York passed gun control legislation that included a ban on the retail sale of assault weapons . Soon after , Remington Outdoor Company , the maker of the Bushmaster assault rifle used in the massacre , announced it would lay off workers at its 200-year-old factory in Ilion and move production to Huntsville , Alabama . Then CEO George Kollitides explained in a letter to New York officials that the move was brought on by “ state policies affecting use of our products . ”
The gun lobby crowed about political payback : “ We hope that sends a very strong message , ” remarked then National Rifle Association 's president , Jim Porter , on an NRA radio show . What Porter did n't mention was what Alabama had done to sweeten the deal : By relocating to Huntsville , Remington , a $ 1 billion firearms conglomerate owned by the Manhattan private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management , would receive state and local grants , tax breaks , and other incentives worth approximately $ 69 million—the equivalent of getting about $ 14 from every resident of Alabama .
“ I 've had CEOs tell me that the offers are so extraordinary that they could essentially move their factories for free , ” said one gun industry leader .
Since 2003 , state and local governments from Alabama to Tennessee have given more than $ 120 million worth of taxpayer funds to at least seven major firearms companies , according to research by Mother Jones . Most of those subsidies—nearly $ 100 million—have been pledged just over the past three years by states seeking to lure gun producers from the Northeast , where new firearm regulations have angered industry leaders .
“ I 've had CEOs in New England tell me that the offers from states ' economic development teams are so extraordinary that they could essentially move their factories for free , ” Larry Keane , senior vice president of the National Shooting Sports Federation , told Guns & Ammo . “ In some cases they 've received these offers almost daily over extended periods of time . ”
After Maryland passed stringent new gun regulations in 2013 , Beretta announced it would shutter its factory there and relocate to a state that has shown “ consistent , strong support for Second Amendment rights , ” as its attorney , Jeff Reh , put it at the time . But politics was n't the only factor in Beretta 's move . The city of Gallatin , Tennessee , eventually won the new factory after it offered Beretta $ 14.4 million in state and local subsidies . “ The level of community support was better , ” a Beretta spokesperson acknowledged in the Charlotte Business Journal , explaining why that city had lost its bid for the plant .
Southern states have long relied on financial and regulatory incentives to attract manufacturers from more industrialized parts of the country . “ I think Remington is doing what Mercedes did for us in the automobile business—it opens the door to opportunity , ” Porter told the Birmingham Business Journal . Yet Porter suggested gun companies would enjoy an exceptional welcome : “ You will have the support of the administration , you will have the support of the population—everybody in the state is going to be lining up to work for Remington . ”
Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam flew to Italy and met with the Beretta family in a posh wine country villa .
Major politicians have gone the extra mile to attract gun companies . In wooing the Beretta factory , Tennessee Gov . Bill Haslam flew to Italy and met with the Beretta family in a posh wine country villa . Haslam later invited Franco Gussalli Beretta , the head of the company 's American subsidiary , to the governor 's mansion for dinner . Nobody in Tennessee seemed to object to the deal 's $ 14.4 million price tag . “ We believe that our brand as the state of Tennessee has taken on new luster because Beretta has chosen to locate here , ” Haslan said at the groundbreaking ceremony , “ and we are forever grateful . ”
Another incentive for gun companies to relocate south has been lax labor laws . In an interview with the New Hampshire Union Leader , a Sturm Ruger spokesperson admitted the company built a new plant in North Carolina instead of expanding an existing one in Newport , New Hampshire , because it wanted to set up shop in a right-to-work state . Similarly , Remington 's move from New York to Alabama , another right-to-work state , decimated the New York plant 's trade union .
Some Northeastern states have also funneled tax dollars to the firearms industry . Between 2009 and 2014 , New York-based Kimber Manufacturing received nearly $ 1 million in tax abatements and state and local grants—money meant to ensure the company would keep cranking out upwards of 150,000 handguns a year with its factory in Yonkers . Maine , New Hampshire , and Massachusetts have also offered incentives to attract or retain gun manufacturers . But most such enticements are now in the South .
Here are the seven gun companies that have received state and local subsidies in recent years :
Remington Arms , Madison , North Carolina
Move : Owned by a New York private equity fund , Remington in 2014 laid off more than 100 workers at its 200-year-old unionized factory in Ilion , New York ( the site of its original headquarters ) and opened a new nonunion factory in Huntsville , Alabama .
Subsidy : $ 68.9 million in cash , worker training , tax abatements , real estate , and construction work from state and local governments . The company also received nearly $ 12 million in grants , tax credits , and other benefits from New York , Kentucky , Arkansas , and Oklahoma in exchange for training workers and expanding or retaining factories .
Sturm Ruger , Southport , Connecticut
Move : In 2014 , the nation 's largest gun company opened a new factory in Mayodan , North Carolina , instead of expanding an existing factory in New Hampshire .
Subsidy : $ 15.5 million in state tax breaks , employee training , infrastructure construction , and other incentives . The company has also received $ 150,288 in training subsidies from New Hampshire .
Berretta USA , Accokeek , Maryland
Move : The Italian gun maker last year closed its Maryland plant and moved all US production to a massive factory in Gallatin , Tennessee .
Subsidy : The company will receive $ 10.41 million in state-funded building improvements and job training grants . The town of Gallatin also kicked in land and tax abatements worth nearly $ 4 million .
Smith & Wesson , Springfield , Massachusetts .
Move : Publicly traded Smith & Wesson announced in 2010 that it would move its hunting rifle division from New Hampshire to Springfield , Massachusetts .
Subsidy : $ 6.6 million in state and local tax breaks . The company has also received $ 158,791 in worker-training subsidies from Massachusetts .
Colt 's Manufacturing , Hartford , Connecticut
Move : In 2011 Florida Gov . Rick Scott announced a deal in which the 180-year-old gun company would open a factory in Kissimmee , saying it showed the state was “ a defender of our right to bear arms. ” But then Colt walked away from the project for unknown reasons . The company declared bankruptcy last year .
Subsidy : $ 1.66 million in state and local incentives . Government officials are now trying to claw back the money .
O.F . Mossberg & Sons , North Haven , Connecticut .
Move : The world 's largest manufacturer of pump-action shotguns has gradually shifted manufacturing from Connecticut to a factory in Eagle Pass , Texas . In 2014 , it added 116,000 square feet to the factory , which now accounts for 90 percent of its production .
Subsidy : A $ 300,000 grant in 2014 from the taxpayer-funded Texas Enterprise Fund .
Kimber Manufacturing , Elmsford , New York
Move : America 's largest manufacturer of 1911 pistols has n't moved out of New York—at least not yet . In 2012 the company warned that the state 's NY SAFE gun control law might “ cause it to reconsider its current expansion . ”
Subsidy : In 2009 , Kimber received a $ 700,000 state grant to expand its manufacturing capacity in Yonkers . In 2012 and 2013 , it received nearly $ 300,000 in local tax credits .
TORONTO — An Ontario Court of Appeal tribunal quickly rejected an attempt Thursday by Harvest Picnic promoter Jean-Paul Gauthier to overturn a Hamilton judge 's decision tossing out their multi-million-dollar suit against one of Canada 's largest talent agencies .
Gauthier 's lawyer Kevin Fernandes argued that Hamilton Superior Court Justice Whitten had shown bias against their client 's Indigenous ( Métis ) heritage in a January ruling that dismissed Gauthier 's civil suit against the Feldman Agency . Feldman represented several recording artists scheduled to perform at the 2016 Harvest Picnic at Christie Lake Conservation Area , including Jann Arden , who cancelled due to illness a few days before the festival 's start .
After less than 45 minutes of discussion and a 15-minute recess , the three Appeal Court justices returned to reject Fernandes 's argument in a decision from the bench and order Gauthier to pay Feldman $ 8,500 in court costs .
`` In our view , this argument is specious , '' pronounced Appeal Court Justice David Doherty in rejecting the appeal , along with Justice Harry LaForme and Justice David Paciocco .
In attempting to prove Whitten 's bias , Fernandes referred to a line in the Hamilton judge 's written decision which includes `` the plaintiff pleads that numerous local entities ( it is amazing they did not include the local animal life ) will be affected . ''
The reference caused Appeal Court Justice Harry LaForme to announce that they too are Indigenous , but `` I do n't see that as the slightest bit offensive . ''
LaForme went on to suggest that Fernandes ' argument could be seen as `` trivializing '' the real issues that Indigenous people face in Canada .
Fernandes had also argued that Whitten had erred in interpreting the contracts Gauthier 's September Seventh Entertainment Ltd. had entered into with Feldman , placing too much emphasis on exclusion clauses that limited Feldman 's liability . The Appeal Court judges also sided with Whitten 's ruling on this issue and again rejected Fernandes ' arguments .
In the original suit , Gauthier accused Feldman of breaching certain contract provisions known as `` radius clauses , '' which prohibited acts from performing in the area for a set time period before or after the festival .
While the case against Feldman was dismissed , suits filed by Gauthier against several other defendants , including country star Johnny Reid and the Cowboy Junkies , remain pending . Reid has also filed a countersuit against Gauthier , claiming they were paid only half their $ 175,000 fee for playing the Picnic . In all , Gauthier was originally seeking some $ 27 million in damages .
It 's been more than four years since I first wrote in detail about the way the New York City Police Department and the Central Intelligence Agency work together in Securing the City : Inside America 's Best Counterterror Force—the NYPD . Since then , some new facts have emerged , most recently in The New York Times report Wednesday about the CIA 's internal investigation of the links . But the questions I raised in 2009 remain the most important ones to be answered .
The most basic of all is simply this : “ How do you stop terrorists ? ” There are not very many of them , despite popular perceptions , and a lot of those are stupid . But as we saw recently in Boston they can have a huge impact on the national psyche and the global news cycle . When they have succeeded in mounting really big operations , 9/11 in 2001 , the Madrid bombings of 2004 and the London bombings of 2005 , they have changed the course of history .
Throughout the George W. Bush administration I watched the “ Global War on Terror ” destroy American credibility and do very little to eliminate terrorists while doing a hell of a lot to win them new recruits . We were told we were “ fighting them over there so we do n't have to fight them here. ” But it was clear that our troops , our money , and our morals were being thrown away on a fool 's errand occupying Afghanistan and Iraq .
What were the alternatives ? The first stock answer to that was “ law enforcement , ” treating terrorists as mere criminals , chasing them down , bringing them to trial , just like in the good old days . You 'd take into account all the fundamental qualms and constitutional caveats inherent in America 's traditional view of civil liberties and that would make us safe from the bad guys out there and from our own government at home . But clearly after 2001 we were no longer in the good old days . And , while people feel less threatened by terrorism in 2013 than they did in 2003 , we 'll never be able to turn back the clock completely .
What fascinated me about the NYPD 's approach to fighting terrorism was that it developed what was , essentially , a third way that combined the power of law enforcement and the reach of a global intelligence network . This was done despite running feuds and turf battles with agents of the FBI , and it was made possible in large part because of some very special and sometimes unsettling cooperation with the CIA .
It should be obvious that if your goal is simply to punish terrorists after the fact , you wo n't be doing a very good job protecting people in your country or in your city . In the age of suicide bombers the threat of a prison term is not only no deterrent , it 's irrelevant .
So what 's needed is solid real-time information that allows you to identify terrorists before they act and—this was a particularly interesting but iffy wrinkle in the NYPD approach—sometimes before they even know themselves that they are terrorists . The next issue , once they are identified , is to dissuade them or disrupt their plots using tactics of recruitment , intimidation , deception , and—in some cases—force . Only rarely do you make arrests , because those expose your operatives and your methods when the case goes to trial .
“ With local law enforcement , ” New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told me in 2008 , “ you have more flexibility in recruiting confidential informants , and obviously in arresting people . The whole package is in one agency. ” The operative word is “ flexibility. ” And when that “ agency , ” the NYPD , has more than 35,000 sworn officers of the law in a city of 8.5 million people , 40 percent of whom were not born in the United States , there 's a lot of potential to gather information . If hundreds of your cops come from immigrant backgrounds themselves and speak languages like Arabic , Urdu , and Farsi with native fluency , that helps , too .
Several people were at the center of the NYPD-CIA relationship in its formative years , but the most important was and remains David Cohen , who has been the department 's deputy commissioner for intelligence since 2002 . Cohen , a lanky gray-haired man with a strong working-class Boston accent , previously headed the CIA 's clandestine services . Perhaps even more relevant to the questions being raised today , they were instrumental in reorganizing the agency 's operations inside the United States in the late 1980s .
Notwithstanding journalistic and government boilerplate about there being no CIA-in-the-USA activities , the agency has fairly extensive intelligence-gathering functions in America , and it used to have two somewhat distinct operations : one focused on interviewing academics , business people , and others coming back from travels abroad in problematic areas ( especially during the Cold War ) ; the other established CIA stations in cities like Detroit with large immigrant populations where “ agents of access ” could be recruited who would help the CIA gather human intelligence from their relatives , friends , and acquaintances in foreign countries . Some members of the Lebanese community in the United States , for instance , provided vital links for the agency 's operations targeting Hezbollah 's activities around the world . What Cohen did at the CIA was consolidated those two operations , which of course put them at odds with many FBI agents , who thought they were poaching on their turf .
Cohen had spent most of their CIA career as an analyst before moving over to that darker side of the agency , then known as “ operations ” and now known as “ clandestine services , ” and they rose up through its ranks at a time when Langley was imploding .
The discoveries that two of the CIA 's own people , Aldrich Ames and Harold Nicholson , had spent years spying for the Russians had led to a wholesale purge . And as veteran operatives quit or were forced out , Cohen moved up .
At the time , an FBI agent named Edward J. Curran was in charge of the internal CIA investigation that many insiders saw as a witch hunt . Subsequently , Cohen recruited Curran for the NYPD , where they have spent years running liaison with foreign police forces and intelligence operations . NYPD detectives are stationed in Tel Aviv , London , Paris , and several other cities around the globe for just that purpose .
Cohen ended their active career at the agency in the late 1990s with a post as the head of the CIA 's New York office , which has a wide array of functions in a city that hosts many global organizations , including , of course , the United Nations . At the time , an FBI agent named Sidney Caspersen was in charge of the Feds ' “ electronic surveillance ” in the city . Caspersen also eventually went to work for Cohen at the NYPD .
Meanwhile , Cohen maintained close ties to many of their old colleagues in the top ranks of the agency . These included George Tenet , the CIA director in the early Bush years , and John Brennan , who 's the CIA director now . Brennan , like Cohen , had spent most of their agency career as an analyst , but Cohen moved them to operations and appointed them to be the CIA station chief in Saudi Arabia back in the mid-1990s . Brennan was President Barack Obama 's deputy national-security adviser for homeland security and counterterrorism before taking their current post .
One of the most interesting spooks to join up with the NYPD was undoubtedly Lawrence Sanchez , a veteran of the CIA 's clandestine services whose name was blanked out of the CIA inspector-general 's report on relations with the department , but whose career I covered extensively in my book .
Sanchez was sent to the NYPD under the authority of the Directorate of Central Intelligence “ to improve analytic information-handling capabilities of law enforcement entities in the States of New York and New Jersey , ” according to the inspector-general report . In fact , as I reported in 2009 , they were a conduit channeling CIA intelligence from abroad to the New York police so they could act on it much more quickly than if they had to wait for the usual FBI-controlled bureaucracy to deliver the information .
( “ Listen to this , ” Cohen told me one morning in 2008 at their office in downtown Manhattan . “ We got a report from the FBI on the Madrid bombing which was terrific , it was great … It was f -- cking 18 months later ! ” They drank from a mug with the eagle-and-compass seal of the CIA on it . “ They tried the best they could , ” they said . )
Sanchez liked it at the NYPD , and when their temporary assignment ended they got permission to continue working in New York on unpaid leave . During this period , Sanchez “ did not consider themselves an agency officer and believed they had ‘ no limitations ' as far as what they could or could not do , ” according to the inspector general .
That 's for sure . Cohen believed that in the real world of intelligence operations , there 's no such thing as “ sharing , ” there 's only “ trading , ” and part of Sanchez 's brief was to use New York as a kind of window on the world where information could be gathered and agents of access recruited to learn more about developments abroad , much like the operations in Detroit in the 1980s . But unlike the CIA , the police have the power to pick up people for relatively minor offenses , outstanding warrants and such , then turn them into informers . This is a tried-and-true tactic of crime fighting that the NYPD could use for the purposes of preventing terrorist attacks . It could also gather intelligence to be traded in that shadowy barter economy of espionage .
But Sanchez went even further . In 2007 , as a senior NYPD official , Sanchez testified on Capitol Hill before a sympathetic Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs . “ Wearing a yellow tie ( what used to be called a ‘ power tie ' ) , their biceps visibly bulging beneath this gray business suit , Sanchez put a very particular and unabashedly paternalistic spin on the role of the NYPD , ” as I wrote afterward . “ Rather than just protecting New York City citizens from terrorists , ” they said , “ the New York Police Department believes part of its mission is to protect New York City citizens from turning into terrorists. ” In other words , the police would save Muslims from themselves .
Sanchez is now in private business and no longer with the NYPD or , I think , the CIA .
All of this made me uneasy when I was writing the book , and it makes me uneasy now . I keep coming back to that basic question , “ What are the alternatives ? ” I have yet to find an answer that really seems satisfactory . But for 12 years now , it should be said , New York City has been secure .
By Lisa Marie Potter ( Inside Science ) -- Machines mimicking a human 's sense of taste are going on a beer-tasting binge . Despite being called electronic tongues , these devices are n't party robots , pouring beer onto wagging , mechanical tongues .
`` It 's just a bunch of wires and buttons and computers , '' said María Luz Rodríguez-Méndez , a professor of inorganic chemistry at University of Valladolid in Spain . `` It 's an ugly thing full of cables . ''
However it looks , Méndez and colleagues developed an electronic tongue that accurately distinguished between four styles of lager beer 100 percent of the time . A variety of screen-printed sensors `` taste '' electrochemical compounds in the beer to predict the brews ' color index and alcoholic strength 76 percent and 86 percent of the time . The new robot taster contributes to a growing field of electronic tongue and nose development meant to improve quality control in the food industry .
One potential application of electronic tongues is to help the industry produce their signature drinks more efficiently , said Manuel del Valle , a professor of chemistry at the Autonomous University of Barcelona , Spain . Anheuser-Busch , for example , probably wants to make sure that every bottle of Bud Light tastes the same before it hits grocery and liquor store coolers . This means that one expert must always test the beer before it leaves the factory .
`` But your experts do n't work at 3 a.m. and they do n't work on Sunday , '' said del Valle . Electronic sensors could share a supporting role by continuing to check the beer while the brewmasters are sleeping .
`` Humans are still better , '' said Méndez , co-author of the study published last month in the Journal of Food Engineering . `` At least for now , they are far from being replaced . ''
Which is why the researchers designed the device to function like the human taste system , said Méndez . When we eat , sensors nestled in the taste buds react to molecules in the food and send the appropriate signals to the brain : sweet , savory , bitter and so on . The electrochemical patterns of those signals register in the brain as flavors . All receptors respond every time we take a bite — we do n't have specific sensors for different tastes .
`` Since you are a little baby , you train your brain and sensors so your brain learns that this taste is from a banana , this taste is from coffee , '' explained Méndez . You compare sensory response patterns for every mouthful of food , `` then you decide it 's a banana because you 've tasted it before . ''
The study 's electronic tongue emulates a simpler version of this process . The screen-printed electrodes , made by the company DropSens , have an array of sensors that send signals to software — the `` brain '' — that analyzes the response patterns .
The device is portable — about the size of two cigarette packs , said Méndez . There are four electrodes , each made from a different material . These detect polyphenols , antioxidants produced by the grains and ingredients that ferment into beer , such as barley and hops . Phenols give beer its bitter taste , determine its golden color and conduct electricity . The electronic tongue distinguishes between lagers by detecting the different concentrations of polyphenols .
A beer is classified as a lager based on the type of yeast and a low fermentation temperature . There are a variety of lager styles depending on certain characteristics , such as color and alcohol content . Méndez and their colleagues tested the electronic tongue on 25 types of commercial beer across four lager styles . The researchers chose the styles based on their distinct alcohol strength and the European Beer Convention color value . The four styles were alcohol-free beer , which has low polyphenol levels ; Pilsners which have a light yellow to golden color ; doppelbock , which is a dark brown , malty lager ; and European strong lager , a European version of malt liquor .
The researchers taught the software to recognize the signal patterns for each of the four lager styles . Like our brain , the computer can then compare new beer samples against the established , learned signal patterns . They tested each of the 25 beer samples seven times .
Many existing tongues using an array of sensors only get one data point for each sensor , said Méndez .
`` But we have curves for each sensor . ''
The non-specific electrodes are responsible for their wealth of data . The phenols and electrodes send electrochemical signals to the computer as they interact . The researchers immerse the electrodes in beer and track the electrochemical signals as they turn up the voltage , said Méndez . Each sensor makes distinct electrical patterns because each is made from a different material . After analyzing the data with two pattern-recognition models , the electronic tongue was able to place the commercial beer sample into the correct lager category with 100 percent accuracy . It also predicted the beer 's color with 76 percent accuracy , and its alcohol content with 84 percent accuracy .
`` Their sensors generate one vector of , say , 100 numbers , '' said del Valle . They published a paper last year describing their lab 's electronic tongue that used an array of specific electrodes , which correctly identified between lager styles 82 percent of the time .
`` We use a larger number of sensors related to ions but got poorer information . [ These researchers ] use less sensors , but is richer in information they generate , '' said del Valle . They were not involved in the study .
The next steps for Méndez and their team will be modifying the commercial screen-printed electrodes with nanoparticles to make the sensors respond more clearly , they said . `` These systems are complicated and though they are improving little by little … they are still very far from human senses , '' they said .
Lisa Marie Potter is a science writer based in San Francisco , California . They tweet at @ Lisa_M_Potter . Reprinted with permission from Inside Science , an editorially independent news product of the American Institute of Physics , a nonprofit organization dedicated to advancing , promoting and serving the physical sciences . Top image credit www.traveljunction.com , Rights information : http : //bit.ly/1dWcOPS
The mayors of 15 large American cities , including some from so-called “ sanctuary ” jurisdictions , met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions in Washington Tuesday to discuss the DOJ 's efforts to cut funding from cities that frustrate federal immigration enforcement .
Session 's Justice Department sent a letter to eight sanctuary cities and the “ sanctuary state ” of California last week demanding they show compliance with federal immigration laws or lose law enforcement grant money . In a statement issued after Tuesday 's meeting , Sessions clarified what they expect from cities in states in the fight against illegal alien crime :
The Department of Justice will fulfill our responsibility to uphold and enforce our nation 's immigration laws , including 8 U.S.C . 1373 . Under the Obama administration , the Department of Justice required certain grantees to certify compliance with federal law , including 8 U.S.C . 1373 , as a condition for receiving grant funding .
8 U.S.C . 1373 prohibits local jurisdictions from preventing the Immigration and Naturalization Service from getting immigration status information on people they detain .
At least two leaders from such jurisdictions attended the morning meeting with the Attorney General , Mayor Mitch Landrieu of New Orleans , and Mayor Steve Adler of Austin . The Associated Press reported the mayors saying the legal definition of that term “ sanctuary cities ” was clarified at the meeting .
Cutting funding from sanctuary cities has been a centerpiece of Session 's new policy at DOJ and a major effort of the Trump administration . The meeting with mayors was to serve as an opportunity to explain these efforts to city leaders , beginning with the already announced plan to withhold law enforcement grants . In their statement , Sessions explained :
We are pleased that the mayors who met with us today assured us they want to be in compliance with the law . The vast majority of state and local jurisdictions are in compliance and want to work with federal law enforcement to keep their communities safe . Of course , compliance with 8 U.S.C . 1373 is the minimum the American people should expect . We want all jurisdictions to enthusiastically support the laws of the United States that require the removal of criminal aliens , as many jurisdictions already do .
A U.S. district court ruling , handed down only hours after Sessions met with the mayors , frustrates wider efforts by the administration to stop grant money flowing to jurisdictions that refuse to comply with 8 U.S.C . 1373 . The ruling , by Judge William Orrick of the San Francisco-based U.S. District Court for the District of Northern California , blocks a section of President Donald Trump 's February executive order authorizing the withdrawal of all federal funds from such jurisdictions . That authority will now be suspended while the lawsuit , launched by a group of California sanctuary cities , works its way through the courts .
The ruling may not , however , effect Sessions 's demands for compliance . The DOJ grants they are threatening to withdraw already had their own provisions preventing them from being dispensed to jurisdictions that fail to comply with 8 U.S.C . 1373 before President Trump 's executive order .
NIAMEY ( Reuters ) - Arsonists set fire to part of Niger 's Justice Ministry on Tuesday , destroying files used in anti-corruption investigations including probes into a number of judges , the government said .
The government said the blaze had destroyed paper archives dating back decades as well as information gathered from a hotline that has led to the investigation of around 20 judges in the West African country . Some documents in digital form were saved .
The fire is a setback to a drive by President Mahamadou Issoufou to stamp out corruption .
Niger is ranked as the 54th most corrupt country in the world in Transparency International 's latest corruption perceptions index .
Justice Minister Marou Amadou told a news conference the blaze , which raged for two hours , would not sway efforts to drive out corruption .
“ This was arson and the state will do everything needed to find those responsible , ” they said .
Niger is rich in uranium and is Africa 's latest crude oil producer , but suffers perennial food shortages and is battling years of deep-rooted corruption , particularly under president Mamadou Tandja , who was overthrown in a 2010 coup .
A report by the government said the state lost over 86 billion CFA francs ( $ 170 million ) through embezzlement and other corrupt practices during Tandja 's 10-year rule .
Niger will build temporary offices for the Justice Ministry before resuming work , and will attempt to reconstruct the files , Amadou said .
7
RR 16
Lebanon , MO 65536
( 417 ) 532-6333
Hillbilly Hell/Heaven ( depending on your disposition ) The river : - This is where the hillbillies really show their true colors . What happens when you get a bunch of REALLY drunk rednecks together in one spot , take off half their cloths , and put them in an isolated area ? They show each other their titties , they let their racist tongues fly , they throw things at each other , etc . - Another reviewer said it best , the river is a `` liquidy conveyor belt of debauchery `` - All along the river are rope swings , big rocks to jump off ( be careful ! ) , trunks to climb up and jump into the water ... a lot of fun , honestly - The current is really nice , you do n't need a paddle most of the time . If you loose yours , you can usually find one floating that someone else has lost . - Do n't get a canoe ! ! they 're too easy to tip , then all your gear goes in the water ( which should be in a dry pack ) . Get a raft . - Do n't bring pot on the river . I can personally attest to the rumor ( truth ! ) that forest rangers will hide in the trees and come out and surprise you with a search . Fortunately we did n't have any on us . I had fishing gear ( did n't catch anything ) and no fishing license , but they did n't care they just wanted to bust people for weed . - The river was absolutely beautiful ! So amazing The camp ground : - On a Friday or Saturday in the summer , it 's pretty much a party . - It 's loud and crude . The people that come here are hillbillies , drunks , wet college kids , bros , burnouts , meth-heads and red-necks . Already drunk from being on the river , the party continues into the wee hours of the morning . - and if you 're into that then it can be a lot of fun ! If you 're not , then it 's not a lot of fun ! - That being said , there was no one fighting , the rangers made people turn off their radios sometime after midnight and they broke up the biggest and loudest groups . I was able to sleep nicely , but maybe I was just drunk enough to not hear the noise . We did n't have any trouble finding a place to camp and it was n't so crowded you could n't fit a popup tent , so maybe I was there on a less crowded weekend then other reviewers . - Everyone that I ran across was really friendly Other : - My # 1 gripe was the bus ride back . Not because the bus was crap , but because the idiots ON the bus were so completely obnoxious . They were shouting really loud and being extremely rude to the bus driver in particular . I hope that 's not a common occurrence . - the little restaurant is n't fine dining but it 's very welcome hot food in the morning and well priced - the little store there is pretty great , I loved their pizza at 2am , also reasonably priced for a tourist trap - if you have a little car you will have trouble . My Acura Legend was dragged along rocks . - theres a very steep hill to get in and out of the campsite . If you car/truck does not do well with hills , then maybe park at the top of it . If you have a jeep with 4-Low then you 'll be fine . My v6 car made it back up the hill but I had to drag race it at the bottom first . I had A LOT OF FUN ! ! One of the highlights of my year . I 'm a city guy , not normally the kind of redneck that a place like the attracts , but I kept an open mind . Being on that river was just so much fun ! Just make sure you bring enough beer , if you have extra you can trade it for some topless action ; )
I think one 's opinion about this place would really depend on their expectations of the trip . Let me explain : Even though I 'm still in my 20 's , I ca n't party until 4 am anymore . I have to go to bed at a reasonable time ( 11-midnight ) if I 'm expected to get up at 7 to go floating . I think maybe our friends who planned the trip thought the `` party crowd '' would only be right along the river . Nope ! It definitely extended across the entire lower campground . Even after I went to bed there were people still showing up and setting up their tents RIGHT NEXT to ours and then talking loud until after 3 am . There were definitely people partying until 6 . There 's a sign that says music has to be off by 11pm ( `` no exceptions ! '' ) but no one abided by or enforced that rule . As you can imagine , even with earplugs in I got very little sleep . So if you are planning on camping here and want to sleep , you need to set up camp by the entrance and NOT by the river . We rented a canoe for our trip and the rest of our group used rafts . The staff managing our rentals was made up of a few boys who could n't have been older than 16 and basically rushed through the rules they barely remembered and told us to pick up our life vests and oars . One of the rafts had a slow leak and required our friends to bail water out . Our canoe definitely had several leaks that required us to pull over a few times and dump the water out . We try repairing one of the major leaks with melted plastic and seal wax , and surprisingly it worked ! But why are we having to do this in the first place ? We decided when we hit the first take out we would ask if we could switch out our canoe . When we asked the employee said `` Uh , well ... '' and looked to other employees for an answer . One nodded , but no one helped us locate another canoe . My boyfriend found another one and pointed to it , and an employee said `` uh , probably not that one , '' which suggested to me that this one also had issues . We finally found one that worked and took it and luckily did not have any more leakage issues on the trip . The bus ride back to the camp was a living nightmare . The bus driver said they could n't take any more people because of the weak transmission of the bus , but then let more people on anyway . We hit tree branches on the way back that broke the top vent of the bus . Along the way , our bus 's side hit the side of another one of their busses but we just kept going . No one was injured or anything , but it was a little upsetting at the very least . That all said , I have to say that you get what you pay for . Also , most of the staff was super friendly and helpful , so I can not complain about that . The bathrooms were clean . I did n't stay long enough to shower so I can not comment on those . Overall I had an enjoyable time on my float .
NOPE ! I must have grown up a lot in the past two years , because I just . ca n't . deal . with this place . Let me explain : First , let me get it out of the way that as an operation , this place is streets ahead . They run a smooth , fairly priced and professional business . Raft/canoe rental is easy and affordable . Their store and restaurant are also well ran , and the mechanics of getting in and out of the river are smooth . The staff at NRO do a great job , so it hurts to leave such a nasty review . So why am I ? Simple . This place is a magnet for the absolute dregs of society and I ca n't even handle being around them one more time , at least not in this concentration . On the campground : - people screaming profanities at 6am . That or blasting terrible music . Either way , there has to be a better way to try and wake up your friends . - Aggressive dude-bros looking for a fight at the bathrooms . kicking in stalls and opening up showers to get in your face if they think you 've taken too long . On the river : - People absolutely failing to control their children . Why you 'd even bring your kids on this river is beyond me , but if you do , maybe you should n't get passed-out drunk on your raft . Yes , we saw this multiple times . - groups of idiots screaming `` SHOW ME YOUR TITTIES ! '' to any woman that floats by . When members of our group snapped back , the idiots actually threatened sexual assault . They should n't have to deal with that crap . - Racist a-holes making aggressive , disparaging comments to anybody that was n't white . I witnessed a ton of this , but what can you do when you 're so wildly outnumbered ? You just have to sit there and take it , or risk getting your ass kicked by drunk and aggressive bigots . God there 's more , so much more , but that 'd have to delve into specific anecdotes . I 'm all for a party and a rowdy environment , but this place has devolved into the lowest common denominator and I 'm done .
Niangua River Oasis is one of the closer float trip options for anyone living in Kansas City . It 's a little bit of a drive to get to , but this is a place where I 've had a lot of fun . Beware of the turn off from MO 64 and the gravel road you have to take to get to it as traffic can be fast and people drive crazy . It 's pretty well signed so you wo n't have much trouble finding it . Also there is a VERY STEEP hill that you have to go down to get to the office and the riverfront . Very Important Note : GLASS is BANNED by Missouri State Law on the River . ( Not the capmground though . ) Plan Accordingly . Float Trips : NRO has several options of canoes / rafts to choose from . Classic Aluminum Grumman / Osagian canoes , 4 and 6 person rafts , kayaks ( which are a blast ) , and yes they offer private shuttles if you have your own canoe or kayak . NRO used to offer 3 different float lengths but they have stopped offering the float that puts in above Bennett Springs . They now offer just two floats , NRO to Rendezvous Point which takes about 4 hours , and NRO to Oldham 's Riverview which is pretty much an all day float . The longer float has fewer rapids and more deep pool areas if you want to spend a little more time just letting the current carry you . The NRO to Rendezvous Point float has rapids , deep pools , and is not the same from year to year as the river changes it 's course in some spots . Pickup after your float is usually prompt , and you ride back in big yellow former school buses that will make some of you glad you 're not in school anymore ! Camping : Yes they offer nice but expensive cabins . I 've tried them , it 's not for me . The fun is in the campgrounds . A CAUTION for parents : The campgrounds especially on the weekend often turns into a big party atmosphere . It can be a problem if you want the kids to sleep . If you want a quiet camping experience especially on weekends you might want to look elsewhere . Showers : The showers are n't bad , the hot water keeps up with demand . The problem is they do n't always have enough shower stalls to meet the demand so sometimes you have to wait . Camp Store / Office : They have basics , a few odds and end fishing and expensive camping supplies , ice , and firewood . Service can range from friendly to surly . Do n't be an idiot , you wo n't get treated like one . Law Enforcement : The Dallas County Sheriff , MO Highway Patrol and MO Water Patrol , along with Conservation Agents patrol NRO 's campgrounds . They have set up checkpoints on the water to look for underage drinking or other indulgences . They operate `` waterjet boats '' , give them 2 inches of water and they can travel upstream without fuss . For the most part they wo n't give you trouble , but there have been occasions where they have a seriously bad attitude . If you encounter this make sure and contact the appropriate agency and complain when you get home . Summary : $ 40 will get you a wonderful day on the water that you will enjoy . Do n't forget the sunscreen , that Ozarks sun will sneak up on you after spending 4 hours on the water . A sunburn while riding in a bouncy school bus heading back to camp is no fun ! .
I have made reservations with this outfitter twice in the past . The first time they were rude/unorganized as the river was incredibly shallow to the point we had to get out and pull our raft , but nothing that phased me too much . The second time , their was a significant amount of rain the week before and I heard of large flooding in the rivers but received no phone call about cancelations . Finally the night before we left I called to confirm that we were still on to float . Apparently the river was unsafe to float and we would not be allowed to . THANKS FOR THE HEADS-UP . We had people driving from 3 hours out and they could n't even inform us we would n't be allowed on the river . I told them that we wanted to reschedule and asked if we could tentatively reserve a different weekend . No problem . The week before the second date I called to inform them that since I had so many out of town guests , it was hard to coordinate on short notice and if we could instead use my credit for next season . Not only was that not an option , apparently I had violated their cancelation policy and could no longer reschedule for any weekend or get a refund . I was NEVER informed of a cancelation policy . When I explained this to the rather rude woman on the phone so told me their cancelation policy was on their website and I was expected to know it . GUESS WHAT LADY , I BOOKED MY RESERVATION OVER THE PHONE NOT ONLINE . SO NO . I CANT BE EXPECTED TO KNOW YOUR CANCELATION POLICY IF YOU NEVER TELL ME . Totally rude and unhelpful . Will never go back
duuuuuuuump . I second all the folks who say that this is a shit show . drunk idiots run rampant and are unavoidable . if you want some free beads for showing your boobs , go here ! if you want to spend your `` float trip '' weaving between drunk people on 8-raft islands clogging up the river , go here ! there was no point during our 7-mile float when we were n't surrounded by at least 100 hammered people listening to loud music and yelling at us . there 's a reason it 's so cheap . this is probably the easiest way to get sexually harassed in the shortest amount of time . we had plenty to drink while on the river but it was n't enough to make this tolerable . also the river is really shallow and you 're not really going anywhere . the people who worked there were nice , but that does n't exactly make up for the clientele . they said they were expected about 3000 people this weekend . gross . our campsite up top was n't bad , and I was glad we were up top in the `` family section '' where it was a little less crazy , but we still had plenty of loud people that did n't understand camping etiquette . the bathrooms were n't bad for a campground . I felt bad for the people who brought kids here . they were all pretty horrified . on that note , if you read this review and then take kids here , I am judging you .
Image copyright PA Image caption Madeleine , from Leicestershire , was three when they went missing from their family 's holiday apartment in 2007
The investigation into the disappearance of Madeleine McCann has cost more than £10 million , the government has revealed .
Home Office minister Lord Bates said the total cost to the end of June was £10.1 million , with another £2 million budgeted for the next year .
Madeleine was three when they went missing from the Algarve resort of Praia da Luz eight years ago .
Last year Met Police officers went to Portugal to continue investigations .
Detectives observed Portuguese police questioning 11 `` people of interest '' .
'Reviewed regularly '
Lord Bates disclosed the full cost of the investigation in an answer to a written parliamentary question from Lord Black of Brentwood .
`` The total cost of the investigation in to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann ( Operation Grange ) , up until end of June 2015 , is £10.1m . The Home Office has budgeted £2m for the investigation in 2015/16 , '' they said .
`` The Home Office funds this work from the special grant budget .
`` The level of funding provided to the Metropolitan Police in relation to this investigation is reviewed regularly and will continue to be monitored . ''
The Met 's Operation Grange was set up in 2011 after Prime Minister David Cameron asked the force to `` bring their expertise '' to the inquiry following a request from Kate and Gerry McCann .
A spokesperson for Madeleine McCann 's parents , Kate and Gerry , said they were `` incredibly grateful '' to the police for their investigation , and to the prime minister and the Home Office for `` making it possible '' .
Thursday 3 May 2007 : Timeline
20:30 Kate and Gerry McCann leave their apartment to have dinner at a Tapas bar
Kate and Gerry McCann leave their apartment to have dinner at a Tapas bar 21:05 Gerry McCann checks on Madeleine and their siblings
Gerry McCann checks on Madeleine and their siblings 22:00 A man is seen carrying a child wearing pyjamas heading towards the ocean
A man is seen carrying a child wearing pyjamas heading towards the ocean 22:00 Kate McCann raises the alarm that Madeleine has gone missing
Clickable map and timeline
A homeless man has been hailed a hero after saving two children from a burning apartment in Las Vegas .
Anival Angulo , 36 , heard screams and saw smoke coming from the property on Mesquite Avenue on Friday .
Mr Angulo , who is currently homeless , jumped over a locked gate and broke down a security door to access the apartment and rescued a three-year-old girl and a baby boy aged 10 months .
They pulled on the steel bars of a door to cause its dead-bolt lock to unlatch .
The three-year-old girl ran through the smoke to him , but they saw the baby on the floor and pulled them out too .
‘ Went to the door and saw the babies so I jumped the fence and I pulled on the screen door and I wrapped up the babies and pulled them out , ' Mr Angulo told 3LV News .
Two small children , 10 mons & 3 yrs were rescued from a burning apt by a homeless man who jumped a locked gate , then pulled a dead-bolt locked security door open to safety . Both kids will be okay . The man is a TRUE HERO . pic.twitter.com/jImwAklmcB — Las Vegas FireRescue ( @ LasVegasFD ) December 1 , 2017
‘ I knew I had to get them out . '
Las Vegas Fire and Rescue staff arrived on the scene and put out the blaze .
Anival Angulo broke down a door to rescue two children ( Picture : Las Vegas Fire and Rescue ) More
The fire started at about 11.30am in the kitchen when the children 's grandfather left food on the stove , it was reported . Firefighters put out the fire at 11.48am .
Most popular on Yahoo News UK
The five signs which let you spot a liar
Chip shop owner creates giant foot-long ‘ pig in a blanket ' for Christmas
Boy , nine , writes to Father Christmas asking for a ‘ forever home ' for their homeless family
Police force slammed after it warns bumping into someone under the mistletoe could be rape
Donald Trump 's favourite McDonald 's meal has been revealed
Tim Szymanski , from Las Vegas Fire and Rescue , said : ‘ The children were in the living room . Food was cooking on the stove .
‘ The grandfather was watching the children . They were in a back bedroom . The kids say the stove caught on fire , it got bigger and they started yelling . The granddad could n't get to them because of the fire . '
Firefighters said Mr Angulo saved the children 's lives ( Picture : Las Vegas Fire and Rescue ) More
The children were taken to hospital and treated for smoke inhalation .
‘ Without the quick action of Angulo , the children would have probably suffered severe smoke inhalation with burns . Their action certainly saved the children 's life , ' said Las Vegas Fire and Rescue in a statement .
5 years ago today , this happened :
commit 11a94957dc038fc27c5ff976197ad2b2d0352d20 Author : Florian Bruhin < git @ the-compiler.org > Date : Sat Dec 14 22:15:16 2013 +0100 Initial commits
That 's how qutebrowser looked a day after that ( and that commit still seems to run ! ) : https : //imgur.com/a/xoG1r4G
Exactly a year later , things were finally ready for a v0.1 release , after spending two weeks of holidays with fixing bugs .
Originally , qutebrowser was born because the dwb project was discontinued : https : //portix.bitbucket.io/dwb/
That 's what I ( and many others ) were using at the time , and all alternatives were stuck with an unmaintained WebKit1 . Since everything was using WebKitGTK which was horribly buggy ( and WebKit2 in WebKitGTK lacked a lot of basic features ) , I decided to start my own thing , based on Qt instead .
Back then , there were already discussions about QtWebEngine , and I originally wondered whether I should just wait with starting qutebrowser until it 's ready . QtWebEngine support was finally added in July 2016 , a lot later than I imagined . Initially , many features did n't work yet , but in September 2017 it finally became the default backend .
Later , it turned out that qutebrowser also was a viable alternative for many Pentadactyl/Vimperator refugees , and qutebrowser got more popular than I ever imagined .
So far , there have been :
17,227 commits
3,193 issues
1,273 pull requests
242 contributors
47 releases
2 crowdfundings
dozens of t-shirts
thousands of stickers
Thanks a lot to the whole community - y'all are awesome ! I never imagined I would be working on this for so long , or that it 'd gain so much traction . I also did n't believe the crowdfunding thing would work . You showed me otherwise o/
Some 3-4 years ago , I noticed there were a couple of big things I 'll be busy with for a while :
Adding a testsuite because things broke a lot
QtWebEngine
The new config system
An extension API
I 'm currently working on the fourth one . Not many new very big tasks have appeared ( except maybe a testsuite which is n't as unreliable and slow , and some refactorings to keep my sanity when working on the code ) .
I 'm really looking forward to the point where I can work on smaller things ( and new features ) again - for a long time , most of my time was spent reviewing contributions , fixing bugs , putting out fires with Qt upgrades , and working on those four major things .
There are many types of leases and payment structure options for leasing accounting equipment . The one that you choose will depend on the needs that your business has .
Leasing works for any type of business . Nearly 80 % of American companies lease equipment and 90 % say they would lease again , when they need to acquire new equipment . One of the limitless possibilities associated with lease financing options is that you can lease almost anything . It does not matter if the accounting equipment that you need is software or hardware ; you can lease anything associated with the operations of your business . With that said which are some of the common payment structure options for leasing accounting equipment ?
Common Payment Structure Options For Leasing Accounting Equipment
Fair Market Value
This payment option allows you to purchase the accounting equipment at the end of your lease term at fair market value . This is a very significant factor when your lease is considered an operating lease by the IRS . Over the term of the fair market value lease , you can deduct monthly payments . The structure of a fair market lease is very useful when you want to upgrade your equipment before your lease term expires . The following are some of the options that you can choose from at the end of your lease :
You can deduct the monthly lease payments as operating expenses over the period of the lease . You can renew the lease You can purchase the equipment at fair market value You can return the equipment
In this case , the leasing company will be taking a risk in the sense that they may underestimate the value of the accounting equipment at the end of your lease , meaning they will have to sell the equipment to you at a loss . Moreover , technology advances may make the equipment obsolete and unsellable .
Full Pay Out
At the end of your lease , your lessor will automatically transfer ownership of the accounting equipment to you . The structure of this lease when leasing accounting equipment is similar to a loan arrangement that you would make with a bank .
With a full pay out lease , you are not allowed a trade-in at the end of the lease ; instead , you can purchase the equipment at a nominal fee or own the equipment automatically . Upon entering such an agreement , it means that you will depreciate the equipment from your taxes over a certain period , usually five years .
This type of lease agreement is perceived as pure financing because all the risks of ownership are transferred to you . The IRS recognizes this type of structure and requires you to capitalize the asset .
Capital Lease
Usually , when leasing accounting equipment , a capital lease does not have a financing structure that a typical operating lease would have . The following are some of the conditions that a capital lease has to fulfill in order to be shown on the balance sheet .
If ownership of the accounting equipment reverts to your ownership automatically at the end of your lease term . If ownership of the accounting equipment reverts to you after you have paid a bargain purchase option at the end of your lease term If the value of minimum lease payments you make over the period of your lease term exceeds or is equal to 90 % of the fair market value of your equipment If the term of the leasing is more than 75 % of the equipment 's useful life .
Deferrals
With a deferral structure , you can enjoy extended non-standard payment terms . A lease transaction may be included with a deferral feature . In such a case , you will not start making payments until 90 days are over . Deferrals are for lessees who wish to install their equipment before their capital budgets have been approved or at the end of the year when they are likely to receive favorable tax treatment .
Summary
If you are not sure which payment structure you prefer when leasing accounting equipment , consider seeking the services of a trusted and credible financial advisor . What works for one business may not work for you . Consider what your current cash flow situation is , how long you will be using the equipment , if it will need regular upgrades and if you plan to own it at the end of the lease period . From there , you can decide which type of lease and payment structure is suitable for you .
Get an Instant Quote on Your Equipment Lease , Free Cost of equipment :
For more information on leasing accounting equipment , simply CLICK HERE .
Related posts :
Comments
comments
above , the full fight
Japanese fighter Saya Ito is the 100 lb WPMF champion . They took the title from fellow Japanese fighter Little Tiger , the 32-year-old WPMF champion who many felt was dodging Saya and others to just hold onto the title themselves ( she had it for maybe 2 years with no title defenses that I can remember ) . Finally when they fought in September of 2015 the title changed hands . This was the rematch , and Saya Ito 's first title defense . I believe this was in March of 2016 .
This title and these fighters are my proper weight class and I 've beaten pretty much everyone who will fight me who is in the rankings for it , including Saya Ito , back in August of 2014 . That was a huge fight for me on Thai TV and on the Queen 's Birthday , and the first time I realized that my clinch game could beat the best fighters in the world at my weight – even though at the time I was not yet skilled in the clinch , in a technical sense , something I 've made great strides in . Since that time Saya Ito and I actually have trained together a little at the O. Meekhun gym here in Pattaya , on extended stays they took for training in Thailand . I suspect that from their experience of me , and my particular strength in the clinch – clinch can be like kryptonite to some Japanese fighters , because clinch is not rigorously trained – I wo n't have a chance at this title as long as Saya holds it . In fact , there are three fighters that Saya 's team will likely want to avoid : me , Loma Lookboonmee ( best proven female clinch fighter in Thailand ) , and Phetjee Jaa ( young Thai clinch phenom and with whom Saya has also trained at their home gym , O. Meekhun ) .
For Saya 's part , they plan on fighting 10 times in 2016 I am told , though I 'm unsure if any of those will be title defenses . In their most recent fight Saya faced the Thai fighter Gaengaew Gor . Glomgliao who had a little bit of a weight advantage here in Thailand , and the fight ended in a draw . I beat Gaengaew a few weeks later . I 've heard rumors that Saya 's gym is looking for opponents in Thailand and elsewhere . I 'm a big Saya Ito fan , and love to watch them fight . They do a fantastic job against a very experienced veteran Japanese fighter in Little Tiger in this fight . I 'm pulling for them against every opponent , except of course if they happen to be facing me .
You can support this content : Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
swankivy :
If there 's one comment I particularly despise when it comes to responses to asexuality , it 's the one that sounds like this :
“ What a waste . ”
Especially since when I express annoyance and displeasure , I 'm condescendingly told it 's a compliment .
The way people react to me as a partnerless woman—or , shall I say , a woman who does not have a MALE SEXUAL PARTNER—suggests that my sex parts are resources and my existence as a person is disappointing and shameful if someone is not using those resources .
It grosses me out thinking people would no longer consider me “ a waste ” if someone , just someone , were banging me . Somehow my existence would be less disappointing ( or not disappointing at all ) if some presumably cis male partner were fulfilling the expectations and using my vagina with their penis . That would make things all right . That would assure critics that yes , this vagina is being properly allocated to a cis dude 's use , and there is nothing to worry about now .
Instead , oh noes , my vagina is WASTED , my supposed beauty is going to waste , my body is n't being enjoyed by anyone ( except for ME , the person who 's in it ) , and that 's just such a shocking , sad shame . If only I would stop wasting vagina by refusing to invite or accept sex ! Wo n't someone think of the wasted resources ?
Never mind that the person attached to the vagina does not want to use it that way . Never mind that their well-being stays intact partly because she 's allowed to make their own decisions about what they do with their body , and never mind that having agency means they do not view their vagina as a commodity . Never mind that “ I do n't want to ” causes people to say I still should , while “ I 'm already doing it with someone else ” causes those same people to respect my decision since at least SOME guy is using it .
I 'm tired of being viewed as a wasted thing whose purpose is to be used , and I 'm tired of people thinking of me less like a woman with a right to agency and more like a mouldering vagina on a shelf .
Support for sweeping curbs on immigration to the UK has reached record levels , a major study of public opinion shows .
Almost eight out of 10 Britons now believe that the number of new arrivals should be limited and nearly six in 10 want to see major reductions in the number allowed in .
The numbers advocating a large cut have swelled by more than 40 per cent since before the expansion of the European Union , according to the latest findings from the British Social Attitudes survey , which has been charting public opinion for more than 30 years .
Strikingly , it shows that even among those who believe that immigration has boosted Britain 's economy and enriched its culture , clear majorities now want to see it cut .
There is also a sharp divide along class lines , with an elite of highly paid and highly qualified people twice as likely as workers from middle and lower income families to view immigration in positive terms .
Significantly , attitudes have also hardened even among those from immigrant families themselves with less than half now convinced that it is good for the economy and a quarter doubting the cultural benefits .
The findings came as Vince Cable , the Business Secretary , underlined divisions with the Coalition over immigration insisting that the Government “ certainly wo n't achieve ” its target of getting numbers below 100,000 before the General Election next year .
Speaking in a BBC documentary , The Truth About Immigration , they described the cap , a flagship Conservative policy , as “ not sensible ” .
In the same programme , Jack Straw , the former Home Secretary , described Labour 's estimates of migrant numbers ahead of the main eastward expansion of the EU in 2004 as “ completely catastrophic ” .
And David Blunkett , their successor , admitted that the Blair government had not spelt out likely the full impact because of a “ fear of racism ” .
Nick Robinson , the BBC 's political editor , who presents the programme , said at the weekend that the corporation had made a “ terrible mistake ” in downplaying public concerns over immigration .
The study of more than 3,000 people found that 77 per cent want immigration reduced , with only four per cent favouring an increase .
Fifty six per cent support reducing it “ a lot ” – a record level . In 1995 , when the question was first asked , only 39 per cent supported major reductions and two years ago only 51 per cent did .
Although the number of people believing that immigration benefits the economy is marginally higher than two years ago , it is still a view held by less than a third of Britons , compared with almost half who see it as harmful .
Only one in three Britons believe immigration enriches Britain culturally , against 45 per cent who think it is detrimental .
Significantly , 54 per cent of those who see immigration as good for the economy still want to reduce it , including a quarter who would support severe reductions . Among those who see immigration as culturally beneficial , 55 per cent now support curbs .
Penny Young , chief executive of NatCen Social research , which conducted the study , said other issues not specifically covered by the questions – such as pressure on the NHS or housing – could be at work .
“ Reducing immigration is technically about stopping more immigrants coming to Britain so it may well be that people have got to the point where they think that we are ‘ full ' , ” they said .
“ They may think that it has been good for the economy or culturally but that if it carries on it may have a problematic effect . ”
Strikingly , the proportion of first or second generation immigrants who believe migration is good for the economy has slipped below half in the last two years . A quarter of migrants now even doubt that it immigration is even benefiting Britain culturally .
When responses were analysed along class lines , one of the most notable findings is that only a third of those in the top earnings bracket see immigration as bad for the economy compared with around half of those in the middle .
David Cameron has pledged to reduce net migration to the `` tens of thousands '' rather than hundreds of thousands . But figures published in November show it rose markedly ni the last year and now stands at 182,000 .
Aked whether they thought the target was realistic , Mr Cable said : `` It 's not sensible to have an arbitrary cap because most of the things under it ca n't be controlled .
`` So it involves British people emigrating - you ca n't control that . It involves free movement within the European Union - in and out . It involves British people coming back from overseas , who are not immigrants but who are counted in the numbers . So setting an arbitrary cap is not helpful , it almost certainly wo n't achieve the below 100,000 level the Conservatives have set anyway , so let 's be practical about it . ''
Asked whether it was `` nonsense '' , they said : `` The idea it should come down to 100,000 is something the Liberal Democrats have never signed up to because we simply regard it as impractical . ''
Immigration is expected to dominate the agenda in the lead up to the European elections later this year and a General Election next year .
While the UK Independence Party is expected to take votes from the Conservatives over the issue , the study shows that Labour voters are the most sharply divided over immigration .
Similar proportions of Labour voters – roughly four out of 10 – see immigration as helping or harming the economy and Britain 's cultural life .
Government estimates a decade ago were that around 13,000 people from Eastern European member states would come to Britain a year . According to the ONS there are now just over a million people from Poland and the seven other countries which joined the EU in 2004 living in the UK .
“ The predications were completely catastrophic , ” Mr Straw told the programme .
“ I mean they were wrong by a factor of 10 .
“ On immigration , it was bluntly a nightmare and it got more and more difficult ”
Mr Blunkett addeds that the Treasury was convinced that the economic benefits would outweigh the disadvantages .
“ We did n't spell out in words of one syllable what was happening , partly because of a fear of racism ” they said .
`` Clubbed to Death '' is an instrumental composition by Australian music producer Rob Dougan . It appeared in the 1997 film Clubbed to Death and was given renewed attention in 1999 due to its inclusion in the film The Matrix . It was re-released as a single in 2002 with new remixes .
Release [ edit ]
The subtitle Kurayamino variation is based on the Japanese for `` of the darkness '' ( 暗闇 の（くらやみ の） kurayami no . It denotes Dougan 's own mix in a tragic style , as well as their stated inspirations from dark Japanese writers like Yukio Mishima or Yasunari Kawabata . [ 1 ]
`` Clubbed to Death '' samples `` It 's a New Day '' by Skull Snaps and `` City of the Angels '' by Wang Chung [ citation needed ] .
The short strings introduction is an excerpt from the first movement of Edward Elgar 's Enigma Variations , and the piano solo is improvised around Enigma Variations . [ citation needed ]
Track list [ edit ]
Clubbed to Death ( Compact Disc Experience ) [ edit ]
Mo Wax , MW037CD , 1995
`` The First Mix '' – 7:12 `` Kurayamino Variation '' – 7:29 `` La Funk Mob Variation '' – 8:08 `` Peshay Remix '' – 6:06 `` Spoon Mix '' remixed by Carl Craig – 5:55 `` Clubbed to Death Darkside '' remixed by La Funk Mob – 5:05
Clubbed to Death # 1 [ edit ]
Mo Wax , MW037 , 1995
`` La Funk Mob Variation '' `` Clubbed to Death Darkside '' `` The First Mix ''
Clubbed to Death # 2 [ edit ]
Mo Wax , MW037R , 1995
`` Kurayamino Variation '' `` Peshay Remix '' `` Spoon Mix '' `` Totally Waxed Remix '' remixed by Wax Doctor
Charts [ edit ]
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio – As the first real winter weather hit Northeast Ohio Nov. 30 , hundreds from around the state protested the first Ohio natural gas industry conference at the Covelli Centre here . The protesters engaged in networking , learning and speaking events at the First United Universalist Church of Youngstown in the morning , then marched to the Covelli Centre where the natural gas industry was promoting the environmentally destructive process known as fracking in the Buckeye State . The eventful day culminated in an energetic rally in Youngstown Square at the site of the recently dismantled Occupy Youngstown .
Speakers commenced with Rev . James Deming , national head of the Green ministry of the United Churches of Christ calling for honesty from the industry during all phases of the drilling process from chemicals used , leasing terms , and job creation figures .
Michelle Aini spoke of saving for , then buying a house in which to raise their family and the horror of waking up one day to find a drill rig operating 600 feet from their home .
“ This was a sudden shock , ” they said . “ We had no advance warning . The noise and the fumes were unbelievable . Our quiet suburban lives instantly became only a memory . If we allow fracking , this kind of disruption of normal life and exposure to dangerous industrial operations will occur everywhere in Ohio . We must not let this happen ” .
Pittsburgh councilman Doug Shields said the ban on fracking adopted by their city “ was about our authority as a municipality to say , ‘ No ' to corporations that will cause damage to our communities ” .
Joe Cronin , a professor at Ohio University in Yellow Springs , explained that they and their friends made the 227 mile trip to Youngstown because , “ we understand that the gas and oil drillers , their lobbies , and their politicians at the Statehouse are trying to push ahead with full force to do to our land , our groundwater , and to our future livelihoods what they have done in Colorado , Texas , Wyoming , and Pennsylvania . We understand the tragic results of waiting until it is too late . They are betting that we are not paying attention . We need to stand up , build our own awareness , create our own energy and construct our own movement to protect Ohio 's families , seniors , and children . ”
Dave Simons , Chair of the Ohio Sierra Club Energy Committee , focused on the promise of renewable energy for Ohio jobs , health , and environment .
“ When the gas finally runs out , and it will , we will end up with tainted water , unbreathable air , and ruined landscapes AND , we will have missed the much larger and sustainable economic opportunities that are clearly emerging in the green energy/green jobs sectors , ” they said .
The protesters , holding signs reading : “ You Ca n't Drink Money , ” “ We Love our Air , We Love our Water , We Love our Rights , ” and “ Steel for Wind Turbines not Fracking , ” stood in the cold chanting , cheering and listening . The event was the culmination of grassroots planning by a large coalition of individuals and environmental groups across Ohio .
Photo : Rachel DeGolia
If you have never patronized a pawn shop before , you may be missing out . They have a great number of options that you will no doubt want to explore . At first glance , it 's easy to pass up the neon signs and random locations that these businesses have . But if you slow down a minute , and you actually walk in , you 'll realize that there 's a lot to explore within the doors of your average shop . There are a lot of different reasons why these locales are great , and one of them is because they have a lot to sell .
Shops sell goods to the public , and you 'll be surprised by the inventory that they may stock . Not only that , the inventory that they have changes up quite a bit , leaving you with a variety of solutions to explore overall . Here 's the best part , the inventory changes so often , that every time you go visit your local pawn shop , you 'll find something new offered .
Why does the inventory change so often ? Well , there are several reasons why this happens , and it very well may prove to be the big factor that pushes you into the doors of a shop sooner than later .
New Customers Come In Everyday
The first thing that you should know about the pawn options in your area is that they have new clients come through all the time . Many of the people that come through the doors buy things . They buy a variety of options , which is a good thing . When inventory is sold through , they have to replenish it . The thing is , they ca n't just go to their wholesaler and get more items . When you go to a big box retailer , they are going to order more from the manufacturer or wholesaler . That does n't work with pawn solutions .
They have to get items from those that come in , and replenish supply based on the people that come through their doors . This is a good thing , however , because they can change things out often enough . Each new person coming in with something to sell is an opportunity to stock a new item that may not be there too long , or be duplicated again .
Collateral Changes Hands
Did you know that you can get a short-term loan from a pawn broker ? Here 's the thing , you have to pay things back in an orderly fashion . Otherwise , anything that you put up for collateral will be taken away . When shops take collateral away from people that do n't pay their loan back , the item goes into the general sales area .
That way the shop can make money off of the item that is no longer getting paid on . This may sound awful , but that 's how the lending elements of pawn shops work . One lends the pawn shop an item for a short time , pays their loan off and gets their item back , or they lose it .
Constantly Buying
As mentioned above , new clients and customers come through a storefront daily . But you may not know that pawn brokers are constantly buying things . They have to . If a shop does n't buy anything , they ca n't sell anything . Shops that are n't doing any sales , wo n't last long . That 's why you 'll find that many shops will have a wide variety of items , and many times at discount , because they need to sell through inventory outright . If they do n't sell through items , they will not make any money , and things would be tough all around . By constantly buying , a company will be able to gain the upper hand in their business , and help sell through items to other people as well .
A recent study shows that when suffering from stroke- like symptoms , African Americans are more likely to call a friend instead of 911 .
Researchers at Georgetown University Medical Center in Washington D.C. interviewed 100 acute stroke patients or those who accompanied them to the hospital and found that 75 percent said they called someone else first instead of 911 when they realized something was wrong . Even more reported they waited a significant amount of time before seeking any medical attention .
The Washington Post reports :
Although stroke patients were asked whether concerns about the District 's emergency medical response system was a reason for not calling 911 , [ Amie Hsia , medical director at the Washington Hospital Stroke Center ] , said it was not a primary reason people gave . That concern surfaced in later interviews with focus groups , where respondents also spoke of fear that ambulances might not find their way to a particular neighborhood quickly enough , embarrassment if an ambulance showed up and concern about the cost of emergency services , they said .
Related News : Young Stroke Survivors Warn They Can Happen To Anyone
According to the American Stroke Association someone in the United States is having a stroke every 40 seconds . It is the third-leading cause of death in the United States .
In the United States , the rate of first strokes in African Americans is almost double that of whites , researchers say , because of higher incidences of risk factors such as high blood pressure and obesity . And strokes tend to occur earlier in life for African Americans . Studies have also shown that fewer blacks than whites receive a treatment that breaks up the blood clot in the brain causing the stroke , in part because blacks are not getting to the hospital in time .
The Congressional Black Caucus and American Heart Association announced on Thursday they would be joining together in a campaign to inspire people to make healthier choices and to educate people on best practices if they or someone they know is having a stroke .
Also On News One :
Lester , Meera `` I feel that sound is God Nadabrahma , '' says world renowned flutist Gurbachan Singh Sachdev , speaking of the music they create on the Bansuri , a bamboo flute with seven finger holes . They believe that not only does the Indian classical music they play have the power to open the heart chakra , it has the power to invoke the manifestation of God in a subtle personal form such as the Goddess Saraswati through the Saraswati Raga and Durgadevi through the Hindola Raga . According to Sachdev , who believes that the universe was created out of God 's nada/shabda/sound , `` this music is every thing . '' It is , for him , a spiritual sadhana .
Gurbachan Singh Sachdev was born into a nonmusician household of Punjabi Hindus 54 years ago . Their mother 's family were Hindus and their father 's family were Sikhs . Gurbachan means `` words of truth '' and Sachdev means `` true God . ''
As a young boy in India , they used to travel to Simla with their family in the summer . There they would hear the flute music of shepherds . The sound touched them deeply , and they felt the first stirrings of what would become for them an all-encompassing love for music .
A Challenging Beginning
They may have received their penchant for music from their mother , who loved classical Indian music and from their early childhood desired to be a musician . According to Sachdev , they nurtured their fondness for music . `` She sang devotional songs and played the harmonium , but being a woman in India they could n't pursue music . Every move I made toward the music , they were there , encouraging me . It is all due to her . ''
While their mother supported their desire to become a musician , their father objected vehemently . For Sachdev , the conflict cut to the core of their being . They knew their father did not understand how deeply the music touched him .
At age 14 at school in Lucknow , Sachdev studied everything but music . Their family did not allow them to register for the music class . So they would often skip their scheduled class and sit and listen outside the music room . After a few months , the music teacher , Om Prakash Tripathy , noticed him , came outside , and asked them if he 'd like to play the flute . Sachdev recalls , `` That year math became an optional subject , so I quit math and took music . My music teacher told me to go and buy a flute , which I did for five cents . ''
Sachdev 's says their father was not happy . He 'd decided that their son should become a doctor . Over the next few years , Sachdev 's mother tried without success to change their husband 's mind . To placate their father , they made an attempt at medical school , but soon abandoned it for music . They received a B.A . from Gandhi Memorial National College in Ambala Cant , and after graduation moved to Delhi to be with their parents .
The Music
All along , music was transforming their heart and consciousness . They harbored a burning desire to find a guru , one with whom they felt a deep connection . After about six years of searching , they met Vijay Raghav Rao . They studied with Rao for 12 years , living with them for three . During that time , they would rise at 2.00 AM to practice music . When asked if they meditated together or if the music was the puja , prayer , and sadhana , Sachdev replied , `` The music was everything . ''
Sachdev 's art has its origins in simple devotional songs set to classical Indian music that stretches back over 2,000 years . Says Sachdev , `` My music is Hindu music , because this music was taught in the temples . We always did this music in praise of God , but when we go beyond that then there are no boundaries left . ''
With Rao , Sachdev journeyed to Bombay where they found work in the movie industry playing sound tracks and movie songs to support himself . During that time , they also practiced their flute eight to ten hours each day . Movie music , however , presented a problem . It was not purely Indian , not purely Western ; it was fusion . The flutes were tuned more or less to Western scales . Sachdev struggled with it and , after five or six years , quit and left for Delhi , then Chandigarh . They decided that they would never again play anything but classical music .
In 1968 at the age of 32 , they married . Their wife Saroj , having studied vocal music and kathak dance , supported their life of music . Eventually , all their family members accepted their chosen career path , even their father .
Sachdev notes that their music is exactly the same as that performed in temples by yogis and sages thousands of years ago . Then , as now , time of day dictated the type of ragas played . Long ago , devotees would retire at 8:00 PM and awaken at 2:00 AM for meditation . After resting their bodies early , they could take advantage of the high energy hours from the middle of the night until noon and play those appropriate ragas which move in upper and middle octaves . When the body began to lose energy in the afternoon and evening , the ragas they played would reflect that , moving calmly in the lower octaves .
For all their worldly fame and stature , Sachdev is a man of simplicity . Their hone is beautiful , but Spartan ; their dress is typically Indian ( pajamas and kurtan with a woolen shawl ) ; and their demeanor is honest , forthright and open . A deeply spiritual man committed to their music like religion , Sachdev is dedicated to spanning the cultural differences between the East and the West .
On religion , Sachdev says , `` I am religious , for sure , but I think spirituality goes beyond [ religion ] . I feel that every human being is a spiritual person . Some have awakened that aspect of spirituality within themselves . Religion helps that to awaken . The rituals are a reminder . I have a life in the West , but I still do n't have a Western life , because I live like I would in India-simply . ''
Sachdev first came to the West in 1970 at the invitation of Ali Akbar College in Marin . They felt right at home in California . `` People accepted me immediately , '' they recall . `` They did n't want to know if I am from a family of musicians or not . That 's very common in India . If you are from a musician family , they 'll accept you right away . If you are not , you 'll have a very rough time . And I was one of the latter . I saw that I could achieve here what I could not in India . ''
While Sachdev felt few , if any , cultural adjustment pains , they did discover that the Western method of teaching music to groups of students , rather than one-on-one , was not to their liking .
When asked how they teach their music , Sachdev points to their heart and their ear . `` I play and they play back . They have to listen to it . I sing and they have to play back . This is the way I was taught in India-master to student . You do n't have to read notes . With this music , you 'll never find one reading notes . ''
With regard to Western and Indian mixtures of music , Sachdev says they wo n't do it . `` I know that the music which is meant for spirituality would suffer a lot . '' They say when you start blending the two forms of music , you get away from the purity and beauty of both . Fusion may be more commercial but its focus is different . It is no longer an invocation to meditation . It becomes music to please other people , not God .
`` The older I get , the more satisfaction this music gives me . It 's because it takes me deeper and deeper and that 's where I want to be . '' Asked if he 'd experienced samadhi while playing this devotional music , Sachdev answered , `` Yes . While playing , I have become not there . I feel the flute is shrinking , becoming smaller and smaller until it 's not there . I 'm on the stage ... I am , and I also am not . I 'm just gone . Those moments make life worth living and the music worth doing . ''
The Family
Sachdev , their wife and son live a modest life . Yet , they have had to and must continue to wrestle with , as have other Hindu parents , the issue of Western cultural pressures upon their child .
`` Hindu parents bring the old traditions to the West and practice them because they want to foster them in their children . But the children , wanting to be accepted in Western society are diluting the traditions - If they do n't dilute , they are not accepted . My own child is 18 , and if I want them to get up in the morning to do puja at four o'clock , I think they will be hesitant to do that . They do n't see other children doing that here . They want acceptance from their parents , but he 's one of them [ American kids ] . If they go to rock music concerts , they want to go . If they want to talk about certain TV shows that they do n't know about , he 's alienated from them . So it 's very difficult for us to expect that our children will have those real , deeper values . Who does n't want acceptance ? ''
Sachdev suggests that cultural activities in which families can participate , like satsang , strengthen the cultural network . `` If parents participate in cultural events , their children will come and watch . It 's a way to make the traditional cultural impressions stronger . ''
Whether our boundaries are cultural or otherwise , music has the power to transcend them . Music speaks the language of the soul . It is an aspect of Nada Brahma . For a few special souls , like G.S . Sachdev , it becomes the predominant theme of their life . `` We all have different gifts , '' says Sachdev . `` My music is God 's gift . ''
Article copyright Himalayan Academy .
Alexis Tsipras will visit the United States in coming days , holding talks with US President Barack Obama .
© REUTERS / Michalis Karagiannis Greece to Publish First Election Estimates After Counting 10 % of Votes
–
ATHENS ( Sputnik ) The leader of the Greek left-wing Syriza party Alexis Tsipras will visit the United States in coming days , holding talks with US President Barack Obama , the party 's press service said Monday .
Tsipras is due to take the oath of prime minister this afternoon , following Syriza 's victory in Greek snap parliamentary elections .
Tsipras and Obama will meet on the sidelines of the ongoing annual United Nations summit , the ruling party 's press service said , citing a Tsipras interview with journalists .
On Wednesday , Tsipras will take part in an EU summit on migration policy , where they will represent Greece and Cyprus , at the request of Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades .
The left-wing Greek Syriza party won Sunday snap elections with 35.46 percent of support after over 99.5 percent of the votes were counted .
Share this infographic on your site !
Source : BizBrain.org
Product You
With free online services , you 're the product .
How Google Sells You :
Google Ads provides a link between you and products
Top Cost-Per-Click 's for Google Ads :
1 . ) Insurance : top CPC of $ 54.91
24 % of keywords
2 . ) Loans : top CPC of $ 44.28
12.8 % of keywords
3 . ) Mortgage : top CPC of $ 47.12
9 % of keywords
4 . ) Attorney : top CPC of $ 47.07
3.6 % of keywords
5 . ) Credit : top CPC of $ 36.06
3.2 % of keywords
6 . ) Lawyer : top CPC of $ 42.51
3 % of keywords
7 . ) Donate : top CPC of $ 42.02
2.5 % of keywords
8 . ) Degree : top CPC of $ 40.61
2.2 % of keywords
9 . ) Hosting : top CPC of $ 31.91
2.2 % of keywords
10 . ) Claim : top CPC of $ 45.51
1.4 % of keywords
11 . ) Conference Call : top CPC of $ 42.05
.9 % of keywords
12 . ) Trading : top CPC of $ 33.19
.8 % of keywords
13 . ) Software : top CPC of $ 35.29
.8 % of keywords
14 . ) Recovery : top CPC of $ 42.03
.7 % of keywords
15 . ) Transfer : top CPC of $ 29.86
.6 % of keywords
16 . ) Gas/Electricty : top CPC of $ 54.62
.6 % of keywords
17 . ) Classes : top CPC of $ 35.04
.5 % of keywords
18 . ) Rehab : top CPC of $ 33.59
.5 % of keywords
19 . ) Treatment : top CPC of $ 37.18
.4 % of keywords
20 . ) Cord Blood : top CPC of $ 27.8
.4 % of keywords
Turns out you 're worth a lot :
96 % of Google 's revenue comes from online ads
$ 38.6 billion [ 3 ]
More than Panama 's GDP , and the 31 poorest countries in the world combined .
Or a third of all advertising revenue online . [ 3 ]
How Twitter Sells You :
The average Twitter user follows 5 or more brands . [ 4 ]
With Twitter mobile users likely to follow 11 or more brands .
With $ 316.9 million in revenue
( $ 269 million in ad revenue , 85 % of total )
Mobile users are 53 % likelier to recall seeing an ad on Twitter than the average Twitter user .
How do you use Twitter ?
You use Twitter for entertainment : $ .63 per user
You use Twitter in search of deals , clicking on ads : $ 3.16
( based on revenue/active users )
With Chinese ads leading the way :
[ Twitter users by location ] [ 5 ]
China : 35.5 million
India : 33 million
U.S. : 22.9 million
Brazil : 19.6 million
Mexico : 11.7 million
With 77 % of monthly active users coming from outside the U.S .
( Even though the Chinese government has blocked Twitter ! )
With Twitter earning $ 200,000 per promoted trend :
Such as :
[ from March 2013 ] [ 6 ]
( 3/8 ) # TheNextBigThing ( Samsung )
( 3/9 ) # TheBible ( History Channel )
( 3/11 ) # FeedTheBeat ( Taco Bell )
( 3/13 ) # BurtWonderstone ( Warner Brothers )
( 3/14 ) # 501s ( Levi 's )
( 3/15 ) # TheCallMovie ( Sony Pictures )
( 3/16 ) # 3dollarsub ( Subway )
( 3/18 ) # BatesMotel ( A & E )
( 3/19 ) # TheHobbit ( The Hobbit Movie )
( 3/20 ) # HotNSpicy ( McDonald 's )
( 3/21 ) # BracketBusters ( University of Pheonix )
( 3/20 ) # NickyFlash ( AT & T )
( 3/23 ) # RallyCry ( Capital One )
( 3/25 ) # Blackberry10 ( Blackberry )
( 3/26 ) # ItsNotComplicated ( AT & T )
( 3/27 ) # NYIAS ( Toyota )
( 3/28 ) # TheHost ( Twilight Movie )
( 3/29 ) # GiJoeRealiation ( movie )
( 3/30 ) # OrphanBlack ( BBC America )
( 3/31 ) # TheWalkingDead ( AMC )
Adding up to $ 5.2 million that month in the U.S . alone . [ 8 ]
How Facebook Sells You :
Facebook has the largest database of personal information ever compiled .
With 1 billion Facebook profiles , a vast number of engaged users in a social graph becomes a real asset . [ 11 ]
If Facebook users were citizens of Facebook nation .
Facebook would be the 3rd most populous country in the world
After China , and India . [ 9 ]
88 % of Facebook 's revenue is from ads
But Facebook is losing out on the ad 's game :
With marketing referrals from Facebook dropping 20 % in 2013 . [ 10 ]
While Pinterest and Twitter jumped substantially .
But Facebook makes money as a payment provider .
Facebook Credits , used to purchase virtual goods ( like Farmville ) [ 10 ]
Were 18 % of Q1 profit in 2012 : or $ 200 million [ 10 ]
With marketing targeted by free services , and data mining companies .
Building profiles of internet and spending behavior , as well as interests .
Acxiom Corp. is a “ database marketing ” corporation
– 23,000 servers in Conway , Arkansas
– Holds 1,500 data points on 500 million online consumers worldwide
– Reviews 50 trillion data “ transactions ” yearly
– Consumer rankings
PersonicX
– Categorizes consumers into
– 70 clusters , and
– 21 life stages
– You are n't a number , you 're a pithy phrase , such as :
– Early Parents
– First Digs
– Collegiate Crowd
– Young Workboots
– Rolling Stones
– Married Sophisticates
– Children First
– Career Building
– Spouses & Houses
– Outward Bound
– Truckin ' & Stylin '
– Home Cooking
– First Mortgage
– Resolute Renters
– Mobile Mixers
– Cartoons & Carpools
– Cluster 62 Kids & Rent
– Urban Scramble
– Pennywise Mortgagees
– Resilient Renters
– Shooting Stars
– Hard Chargers
– Dynamic Duos
– Savvy Singles
– Kids & Clout
– Tots & Toys
– Country Comfort
– Soccer & SUVs
– City Mixers
– Solo and Stable
– Modest Wages
– Rural Parents
– Metro Parents
– Rural Rovers
– Summit Estates
– Skyboxes & Suburbans
– Lavish Lifestyles
– Solid Single Parents
– Apple Pie Families
– Midtown Minivanners
– Farmland Families
– Country Single
– Fun & Games
– Mid Americana
– Metro Mix
– Urban Tenants
– Established Elite
– Corporate Clout
– Career-Centered Singles
– Country Ways
– Acred Couples
– Work & Causes
– Community Singles
– Humble Homes
– Downtown Dwellers
– Pennywise Proprietors
– The Great Outdoors
– Rural Retirement
– Still Truckin '
– Sitting Pretty
– Full Steaming
– Platinum Oldies
– Clubs & Causes
– Suburban Seniors
– Raisin ' Grandkids
– Devoted Duos
– Family Matters
– Rural Everlasting
– Thrifty Elders
– Timeless Elders
And Rubicon , a competitor :
Crafting ads that 97 % of internet users deal with in a month .
The Internet offers an unparalleled opportunity to monitor and mold user experience , pulling you towards purchases . If a product is free , you 're probably the product .
Citations :
As the calendar page turns to 2014 , thoughts focus on the new F1 season which is now just 73 days away .
The change to the technical regulations is the biggest for a generation and no-one is really sure how the racing will be affected . Reliability is going to be vital , Mercedes ' Niki Lauda has said they think it could be the decisive factor in the end for the championship .
F1 's popularity has been hit by the domination by Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull and what many people will be waiting to see is whether the change to the hybrid turbo engines will mean a change in the order at the front .
Red Bull 's Adrian Newey has consistently downplayed expectations of their car for 2014 , which could be a bluff , but they have explained in more detail some of the areas where Red Bull will lose their competitive advantages , built up over the last few years with the V8 engine formula . Chief among them is the ability to work with Renault on channeling exhaust gases to boost rear end aerodynamics
and downforce .
`` There is almost no effect from the exhaust with the further single pipe exit position and the fact that the turbocharger takes a lot of the energy in any case , so there 's virtually nothing left , '' they said . `` We 've probably done a better job than our competitors in developing the best use of the exhaust position from the current restriction , so unfortunately we stand to lose the most again . ''
Another of the real unknowns is where the main area of development will be this year .
Newey believes that the significant change to the rules around the front wing of the car will provide headaches for teams in the initial testing phase of getting the cars to work , but may well provide a rich area for development ,
`` I think the big problem next year will particularly be the narrow front wing , which is a big change , '' they said . `` 100mm off the front wing ( i.e . narrower ) does n't sound very much but it 's actually a big change because it puts the endplate right in the middle of the front tyre now , so I think on the straight aero side trying to recover from that is going to be one of the big challenges .
`` In addition there 's the whole challenge of packaging the engine . The power unit , I should say , is now a very complicated beast . It 's a sort of two or threefold jumps in complication compared with installing a V8 . ''
A very Happy New Year to all JA on F1 readers and thanks for your support and feedback during 2013 .
We had a great year hitting a new high in traffic and reach ; with 1.75 million active unique users on the site from 225 countries around the world .
The UK was the leading country with 39 % of the audience , but the USA and Australia were next up on 12 % each , then Canada , India , Spain , Germany and on from there .
We are constantly evolving this site and we have a few exciting things planned for this year in terms of site development . We hope these will help to bring you even more insightful coverage of Formula 1 in all its aspects . We are also working hard to create opportunities to bring the fans closer to the sport , such as the recent opportunity for eight readers to drive the Mercedes-AMG Petronas F1 team simulator .
If you have any suggestions of things you would like to see here on JA on F1 , then please feel free to leave them in the comments box below .
Missouri landed the biggest commitment of its 2015 class on Wednesday in local product Terry Beckner Jr .
The 6-foot-4 , 293-pound defensive tackle from East St. Louis , Ill. , was obviously choked up about their decision , shedding tears on national television as they made their decision .
Beckner is the No . 3 defensive tackle and the No . 13 overall player in the 247Sports Composite . They should be a welcome addition on a defensive line that is losing star ends Shane Ray and Markus Golden .
Beckner is the first five-star player inked by Missouri since the Tigers garnered a signature from the No . 1 player in the 2012 247Sports Composite in Dorial Green-Beckham . The last five-star defensive lineman the Tigers signed out of high school was Sheldon Richardson , who was the No . 5 defensive tackle in the 2009 247Sports Composite . Richardson failed to qualify , but after joining the team from junior college , became a first-round NFL Draft pick .
Beckner gives the Tigers a fourth four-star or higher player in the Composite , though the other three — quarterback Drew Lock , running back Chase Abbington and Beckner 's teammate , running back Natereace Strong —Â are on the offensive side of the ball .
First : Realize that while psychology is great , it 's not really a practical degree and you will definitely have to continue your education ( I went to law school ) . Unless you 're bent on law school or grad school , consider a different major .
As graduate of Miami 's psychology program I enjoyed the small class sizes ( except for 101 , but even that course has discussion sections of 10 students ) , a knowledgeable factually , amazing course options ( ranging from jury selection to child attachment , from cultural psychology to happiness ) . The building is only a few years old and looks like it ! Great space with great amenities . The professors were also very knowledge and helpful , I definitely recommend . Dr. Len Mark .
Academically , Miami generally has a better rating and is consistently ranked as having the best teachers and best value in the country . Of course , it does depend on the program . OU has an excellent journalism program from what I understand .
As for the social scene , it is what you make of it . No college is free of groups and stereotypes ( as illustrated by the responses/mind set that dominate OU thinking ) . Miami does have a strong Greek scene which can be isolating if you do n't go that route but I was involved in many other activities such as a professional society , a club sport , resident life , and numerous volunteer organizations . Chances are , if there 's something you 're passionate about there 's a club where you can find others with similar interests . . . as a side note , OU does have the reputation of a party school , partly because of their Halloween celebration ( and let 's be real , there 's not much else do so in the middle of nowhere ) . Miami may not have the reputation , but I would have to imagine parties just as hard/frequently . What this means is that for day-to-day living , the difference does n't matter , but it might once you enter the work force . DID I MENTION , the girls are really attractive ? Just about everyday you 'll the most beautiful girl you 've ever seen . Not sure where they all come from but it 's pretty crazy .
Oxford is also a great little town ! Everything that you could ever need is within walking distance of campus ( minus the grocery store ) . It is a bit rural but so is OU so that does n't seem important .
From my understanding , they both have beautiful campuses . Miami 's campus is kind of large , sometimes taking more than 25 minutes to cross campus , but it 's so pretty ( and the sidewalks well-maintained/shoveled ) that it does n't really matter .
Anyway , I 'd recommend Miami but I have friends from both so I 'm sure you 'll do just fine !
Source ( s ) : LIFE RedHawkHonor · 6 years ago 1 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Metro 2033 and Metro : Last Light were extremely popular games that , up until now at least , were exclusive to the PC and Steam , as well as the Xbox 360 and PS3 . That 's about to change , as some leaked images would suggest both Metro 2033 and Metro : Last Light will be coming to next-gen consoles , mainly the PS4 and the Xbox One . There were rumors that the two games would be reworked graphically to match the capabilities of the newest Sony and Microsoft hardware , as well as to bring the Metro franchise to consoles , but nothing solid could be grasped until now .
Italian gaming website Everyeye listed two promotional images that reveal the next-gen editions of Metro 2033 and Metro : Last Light , while also listing bonuses for picking these up , such as art cards , included soundtracks or limited edition packaging . It 's still awhile until PS4 and Xbox One users will be able to play Metro on their consoles , as the titles will only be ( apparently ) released in July . The 4A Games developed Metro games proved to be really successful , especially among critics and reviewers . A gloomy atmosphere and a post-apocalyptic world awaits and is ripe for exploring .
Not much is known about the Metro 2033 PS4 , Metro 2033 Xbox One , Metro : Last Light Xbox One and Metro : Last Light PS4 games , especially not graphically speaking . It 's safe to assume the games will run in 1080p and will likely be visually pimped out similarly to the Tomb Raider Definitive Edition . The cost is unknown as of yet , but expect a full retail price , although it 's possible the two will be bundled together and sold as one discounted package . The Metro games are definitely worth picking up , so we 'll be keeping a close eye on these titles and keep you updated .
Training camp for the Houston Texans is underway , and on Monday the team will hit the practice field wearing pads . Well , most of them anyway .
Jadeveon Clowney is still recovering from a microfracture procedure to repair their knee and was placed on the preseason physically unable to perform ( PUP ) list . He 'll join their teammates when cleared by the medical staff .
A few days ago , I heard an interesting question brought up on the air by Sean Pendergast , Ted Johnson and Rich Lord on Sports Radio 610 . Paraphrasing here , but the question was basically , `` What is the minimum number of productive years from Jadeveon Clowney ( as a Houston Texan ) you would equate to Clowney being a success for the Texans ? ''
It 's a brilliant question , because it strikes right at the heart of the mixed emotions for fans who watched their beloved team invest the number one overall draft pick on a player in 2014 , only to then see that player miss most of their rookie season due to : sports hernia surgery , a concussion in training camp , a torn lateral meniscus and then microfracture surgery .
Let 's just come out and say it : We feel cheated by this situation . Clowney was supposed to be a `` generational talent '' and they were Houston 's for the taking . It was a reward , of sorts , for enduring the misery of the disastrous 2013 season , where the back-to-back division champions of the AFC South followed Matt Schaub 's unfortunate and complete demise .
Well , that 's life , especially in the violent world of the NFL . Take , for instance , Brian Cushing . Had they not suffered two rare and highly unlikely season-ending injuries in 2012 and 2013 , it is quite possible that people would be talking about their future induction into the Hall of Fame . They were one of the top linebackers in the NFL before they got hurt , and their absence made it clear how much more effective the overall defense was with them at the heart of it . Unfortunately , they lost two seasons during their prime years and is now clawing their way back . Injuries are part of this sport , and nothing is guaranteed .
Now lets look at another player . J.J. Watt was the 11th overall pick of the 2011 NFL Draft for the Texans , and many fans were scratching their heads about this selection . Clearly few people thought they would amount to more than a starter , but the universe chose to reward Houston with a true `` generational talent '' who is quickly becoming not only the face of the Texans , but the face of the league . We should count ourselves incredibly fortunate to have a player of this caliber and character on the team .
Let 's be honest , though . We are not satisfied . We still want some type of value for that first overall pick from 2014 , do n't we ? Through all the controversy surrounding Clowney leading up to that draft , there were a good amount of folks pulling for Teddy Bridgewater since the Texans still had n't resolved the ever-critical quarterback position . Others were pining for Khalil Mack . Houston selected Clowney , and then our hearts sank with each report of how they would miss time due to injuries and recovery from procedures . So here we are , on the cusp of training camp for Clowney 's second NFL season with no indication of when he 'll actually be ready to deliver on the investment the organization made in him .
Say that Clowney does deliver on that investment , but their career is shortened by the wear-and-tear they have been through . Let 's also suggest that they do perform at the `` generational talent '' level that we all hoped they would . How many years of that sort of production would you consider to be the minimum for the team 's investment to be a success ? What if one , or more , of those years led to a Super Bowl championship for the Texans ?
Vote and chime in with your thoughts on this . Next week , the journey begins !
A stolen mannequin sits in an evidence locker at the Metro Nashville Police Department . Officers say the mannequin was taken from the Nashville Hollywood Hustler on Church Street on July 4 , 2016 . ( Photo : MNPD )
Apparently Christoper Wade likes brunettes .
Metro police arrested the 55-year-old man Monday night after officers say they found them in bed with a stolen mannequin from a Nashville lingerie store .
A stolen mannequin donning a brown bob wig , a pink spandex dress and rhinestone stilettos . And red lips .
According to an arrest warrant , officers responded to Hollywood Hustler at 1400 Church Street for a report of a theft that had just occurred .
At the store , an employee told police that a man who appeared intoxicated walked into the store just after midnight , grabbed a mannequin just inside the door adorned with lingerie and took it outside into the parking lot . In the process , the man knocked the mannequin 's left arm off .
Christopher Wade ( Photo : Metro Nashville Police Department )
The employee said they walked into the parking lot and argued with the man for several minutes until they put the mannequin into the bed of a white Toyota Tacoma and drove away .
The employee , the warrant continues , told police the mannequin was valued at $ 5,000 , not including the merchandise it wore .
Using the truck 's license plate , police learned the vehicle was registered to a woman who lives in the 500 block of Jones Pointe in Old Hickory .
When police visited the woman 's home , the warrant states , they learned Wade was inside the home .
Officers found them in bed with the stolen mannequin which was missing its left arm and wearing all the merchandise it was last seen sporting .
Wade also matched a suspect description given by the store employee .
Wade , who had an active warrant , was arrested on charges including theft and booked into the Metro jail .
As of Wednesday , while Wade remained incarcerated on $ 11,000 bond , the mannequin they took to bed remained in evidence at the Metro police department pending the results of the case .
Meanwhile , an employee at Hustler said the doll 's detached arm should be an easy fix .
That 's because it 's attached to their body by a magnet , the employee said , which means the doll will hopefully be put back on display where it belongs .
On the showroom floor .
Not in a stranger 's bed .
Reach Natalie Neysa Alund at 615-259-8072 . Follow them on Twitter @ nataliealund .
Base of a mannequin complete with rhinestone stiletto shoes , stolen on July 4 , 2016 from the Nashville Hollywood Hustler on Church Street . ( Photo : MNPD )
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; ! -- iframe -- & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ;
Read or Share this story : http : //tnne.ws/29tHG0F
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Pope Francis , the leader the Catholic Church , is closing out 2014 in their typically headline-grabbing fashion . They used a traditional Christmas address to issue a scathing takedown of the political squabbling that infects Vatican bureaucracy , and they were also credited as a key backroom player in the thawing of US-Cuba relations .
Next on their list ? Climate change .
Over the weekend , the Guardian reported that the pope will issue the first-ever comprehensive set of Vatican teachings on climate change , in the form of an encyclical—or “ papal letter ” —sent to churches worldwide . They will also personally lobby for climate action action in a series of high profile meetings ahead of the all-important UN global warming negotiations in Paris next year . From the Guardian :
Following a visit in March to Tacloban , the Philippine city devastated…by typhoon Haiyan , the pope will publish a rare encyclical on climate change and human ecology . Urging all Catholics to take action on moral and scientific grounds , the document will be sent to the world 's 5,000 Catholic bishops and 400,000 priests , who will distribute it to parishioners . According to Vatican insiders , Francis will meet other faith leaders and lobby politicians at the general assembly in New York in September , when countries will sign up to new anti-poverty and environmental goals .
A papal letter “ is among the highest levels of teaching authority for a pope , ” said Dan Misleh , executive director of the Catholic Climate Covenant . These edicts “ always make news , because they are rare and comprehensive , ” they added .
Singling out climate change is also significant . “ It is the first time ever an encyclical letter has been written just on the environment , ” Misleh said . “ The faithful , including bishops , and all of us who adhere to the Catholic faith , are supposed to read it and examine our own consciences . ”
Mobilizing believers to embrace climate action could be a very big deal , given the sheer number of people who identify as Catholic in the US—around 75 million—he said . “ If we had just a fraction of those acting on climate change , it would be bigger than the networks of some of the biggest environmental groups in the US , ” they said . “ That could help change the way we live our lives , and impact our views on public policy . ”
Hispanic Catholics are more likely than any other group to say their congregation has sponsored climate change-related activities .
The impact would be felt beyond Catholicism too , said Mary Evelyn Tucker , director of the Forum on Religion and Ecology at Yale University . They called the forthcoming letter “ one of the most important documents on the moral implications of what we are doing to our planet. ” In particular , Tucker said , the document “ will contain compelling teachings on environmental justice for the poor and those who are victims of climate disruption around the world . ”
But would America 's Catholics welcome climate advocacy from the pope ? Recent polling by the Public Religion Research Institute and the American Academy of Religion suggests that many would .
The survey asks a series of questions about the environment and religion in an attempt to discern how faith impacts our thinking on science , current events , and policy . The biggest takeaway when it was released in November was that nearly half of Americans say natural disasters are a sign of “ the end times , ” as described in the Bible . But there are other , more detailed findings about individual religions , too . The researchers break down the results by religious and racial group : White evangelical Protestants , white mainline Protestants , black Protestants , white Catholics , Hispanic Catholics , Jewish Americans , other non-Christians , and “ religiously unaffiliated . ”
And indeed , most Catholics seem to agree with the pope that climate change poses a serious threat . Here are some of the survey 's key findings :
Nearly three-quarters of Hispanic Catholics surveyed agree that climate change constitutes a “ crisis ” or a “ major problem. ” The same is true for a majority ( 53 percent ) of white Catholic respondents . Of the groups surveyed , Jews are the most concerned about climate change , with nearly 80 percent calling it a “ crisis ” or a “ major problem. ” On the other end of the spectrum , a majority ( 54 percent ) of white evangelicals see climate change as only a minor problem , or not a problem at all .
Nearly a quarter ( 24 percent ) of Catholics surveyed said climate change is the “ most pressing ” environmental issue we face . That 's more than white mainline Protestants and evangelicals , but less than black Protestants or those who are unaffiliated with a religion .
The pope 's climate message is likely to resonate with what 's happening already at a grassroots level in churches , as least in Hispanic communities , according to the survey . Seven-in-10 Hispanic Catholics say their clergy discus climate change often ( 22 percent ) or sometimes ( 48 percent ) . Hispanic Catholics are also more likely than any other group surveyed to say their congregation has sponsored climate change-related activities , like group discussions or educational programs on the topic .
Interestingly , there 's wide agreement that acting now on climate change will matter economically . Majorities of all groups surveyed—including 69 percent of Hispanic Catholics and 63 percent of white Catholics—agree that dealing with global warming now will help prevent economic calamities in the future .
Climate change , said the pope , will “ affect all of humanity , especially the poorest and future generations . ”
The pope 's climate plans follow a call by prominent Catholic bishops to end the use of fossil fuels and secure a global agreement to fight climate change . “ As the church , we see and feel an obligation for us to protect creation and to challenge the misuse of nature , ” declared one of the statement 's authors , Monsignor Salvador Piñeiro García-Calderón , the Archbishop of Ayacucho , during the recent climate conference in Lima , Peru . “ We felt this joint statement had to come now because Lima is a milestone on the way to Paris , and Paris has to deliver a binding agreement . ”
It 's also not the first time Pope Francis has advocated tough climate action . Ahead of the Lima meeting , the pontiff wrote a letter to Manuel Pulgar-Vidal , Peru 's minister of the environment and the host of the meeting , to urge action . “ The time to find global solutions is running out , ” wrote the Pope . “ We can find adequate solutions only if we act together and unanimously . ”
Climate change , they added , will “ affect all of humanity , especially the poorest and future generations . What 's more , it represents a serious ethical and moral responsibility . ”
This is getting silly .
The dew point reached 82 degrees at MSP Airport at 3 and 4pm this afternoon at MSP .
This is the highest dew point ever recorded at MSP Airport .
The observed heat index of 119 at 4pm appears to tie the highest heat index ever recorded in the Twin Cities . The previous record dates back to 1966 .
From NWS :
NOUS43 KMPX 192106
PNSMPX
MNZ041 > 045-047 > 070-073 > 078-082 > 085-091 > 093-WIZ014 > 016-023 > 028-
201000-
PUBLIC INFORMATION STATEMENT
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TWIN CITIES/CHANHASSEN MN
400 PM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
…UNOFFICIAL DEW POINT RECORD SET IN THE TWIN CITIES TODAY…
THE DEW POINT TEMPERATURE AT THE MINNEAPOLIS ST PAUL INTERNATIONAL
AIRPORT WAS 82 DEGREES ON THE 3 PM AND 4 PM OBSERVATION . THIS IS THE
HIGHEST DEW POINT TEMPERATURE REPORTED ON AN HOURLY OBSERVATION AT
THE MINNEAPOLIS ST PAUL INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT SINCE HOURLY DEW POINT
RECORDS BEGAN IN 1945 .
THE PREVIOUS HOURLY DEW POINT RECORD WAS 81 DEGREES…WHICH WAS SET
ON JULY 30TH 1999 . A DEW POINT OF 81 DEGREES WAS ALSO REPORTED AT
THE AIRPORT ON SUNDAY…MONDAY…AND EARLIER TODAY /JULY 17-19/ .
THE MINNESOTA STATE CLIMATOLOGY OFFICE IS THE OFFICIAL SOURCE OF
DEW POINT RECORDS ACROSS THE STATE . THIS NEW RECORD WILL BE
CONSIDERED UNOFFICIAL UNTIL IT IS CONFIRMED BY THE STAFF AT THE
STATE CLIMATE OFFICE .
$ $
MARGRAF
From Mark Seeley :
“ Hi Paul and Tom ,
Checking hourly reports from ASOS and AWOS stations I see many dewpoints in the 80s F , including a new record high dewpoint for MSP of 82 F. With the additions of water vapor from the recent heavy rainfalls I would not be surprised to see the state dewpoint record of 86 F get beaten this afternoon , and perhaps even the state record Heat Index of 124 F get beaten as well ( Moorhead had a Heat Index of 121 F last hour ) . I noticed the automated station at Red Wing reported an 87 F dewpoint .
Mark ”
With a new all-time dew point record and 3 consecutive days of 80 degree dew points , this is now clearly the most humid air mass ever in the Twin Cities and Minnesota .
And the Minnesota weather hits just keep on comin ' !
PH
Update 1:10pm :
The morning and midday storms are fading this afternoon after dumping hail & heavy rain on the northern & eastern metro .
St. Paul streets running with water today . ( MPR photo by Sam Choo )
Expect temperatures to resume the climb into the 90s today .
Here are the storm reports from today 's action from Twin Cities NWS .
PRELIMINARY LOCAL STORM REPORT…SUMMARY
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TWIN CITIES/CHANHASSEN MN
1235 PM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
.. TIME… …EVENT… …CITY LOCATION… …LAT.LON…
.. DATE… ….MAG… . .. COUNTY LOCATION .. ST .. …SOURCE… .
.. REMARKS ..
0930 AM TSTM WND DMG 3 NE RONNEBY 45.71N 93.82W
07/19/2011 BENTON MN AMATEUR RADIO
BRANCHES AND LIMBS UP TO 10 INCHES IN DIAMETER DOWNED IN
OAK PARK .
1005 AM TSTM WND DMG MILACA 45.76N 93.65W
07/19/2011 MILLE LACS MN PUBLIC
SEVERAL TREES DOWN…POWER OUT .
1013 AM TSTM WND GST PRINCETON 45.57N 93.59W
07/19/2011 M56.00 MPH MILLE LACS MN AWOS
MEASURED AT PRINCETON AIRPORT .
1019 AM TSTM WND GST PRINCETON 45.57N 93.59W
07/19/2011 M58.00 MPH MILLE LACS MN AWOS
MEASURED AT AIRPORT
1020 AM TSTM WND DMG ZIMMERMAN 45.44N 93.59W
07/19/2011 SHERBURNE MN TRAINED SPOTTER
TWENTY FOUR INCH DIAMETER TREES UPROOTED . OCCURRED NEAR
205TH ST. AND COUNTY ROAD 13 .
1020 AM TSTM WND DMG ZIMMERMAN 45.44N 93.59W
07/19/2011 SHERBURNE MN TRAINED SPOTTER
TWENTY FOUR INCH DIAMETER TREES TOPPLED . SOME SNAPPED IN
TWO .
1020 AM TSTM WND GST 3 SSE GLENDORADO 45.54N 93.75W
07/19/2011 M47.00 MPH SHERBURNE MN MESONET
MEASURED BY RAWS AT SHERBURN NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE
1020 AM TSTM WND DMG ZIMMERMAN 45.44N 93.59W
07/19/2011 SHERBURNE MN TRAINED SPOTTER
THREE INCH DIAMETER BRANCHES SEVERED . OCCURRED NEAR 19
JARVIS ST. TIME ESTIMATED .
1057 AM TSTM WND GST RAMSEY 45.26N 93.45W
07/19/2011 M56.00 MPH ANOKA MN MESONET
MEASURED AT PACT CHARTER SCHOOL
1102 AM FUNNEL CLOUD MAPLE GROVE 45.11N 93.46W
07/19/2011 HENNEPIN MN PUBLIC
OCCURRED JUST NORTH OF THE INTERSECTION OF INTERSTATES
694 AND 494 .
1103 AM TSTM WND GST 2 NW ANOKA 45.23N 93.42W
07/19/2011 M59.00 MPH ANOKA MN MESONET
MEASURED AT APRSNET SITE .
1115 AM HAIL BROOKLYN PARK 45.11N 93.35W
07/19/2011 M0.88 INCH HENNEPIN MN TRAINED SPOTTER
TIME ESTIMATED .
1125 AM HEAVY RAIN BROOKLYN PARK 45.11N 93.35W
07/19/2011 E0.00 INCH HENNEPIN MN TRAINED SPOTTER
WATER UP TO CURB DEEP ON STREETS IN TOWN .
1133 AM HAIL NEW BRIGHTON 45.07N 93.20W
07/19/2011 M0.88 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
OCCURRED NEAR INTERSECTION OF INTERSTATES 694 AND 35W .
1133 AM HAIL BROOKLYN CENTER 45.07N 93.32W
07/19/2011 M0.88 INCH HENNEPIN MN TRAINED SPOTTER
1133 AM HAIL 2 WNW ROSEVILLE 45.03N 93.19W
07/19/2011 E1.00 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
1134 AM HAIL NEW BRIGHTON 45.07N 93.20W
07/19/2011 M1.00 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
OCCURRED NEAR 502 7TH ST .
1135 AM HAIL NEW BRIGHTON 45.07N 93.20W
07/19/2011 M1.00 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
OCCURRED NEAR COUNTY ROAD E2 AND 35W .
1140 AM FLASH FLOOD SPRING LAKE PARK 45.12N 93.25W
07/19/2011 ANOKA MN TRAINED SPOTTER
OCCURRED NEAR MIDDLETON ROAD . NEARBY ROAD UNDERWATER .
1144 AM HAIL ST PAUL 44.95N 93.10W
07/19/2011 E0.88 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
SOUTH SIDE OF LAKE COMO
1147 AM HAIL ROSEVILLE 45.02N 93.15W
07/19/2011 M1.00 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
OCCURRED NEAR SNELLING AND HIGHWAY 46 AT THE ROSEDALE
MALL .
1155 AM HAIL ROSEVILLE 45.02N 93.15W
07/19/2011 M1.25 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
1200 PM HEAVY RAIN ROSEVILLE 45.02N 93.15W
07/19/2011 E0.00 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
FAIRVIEW AVE UNDERPASS FLOODED AT HIGHWAY 36
INTERSECTION . WATER UP TO 1 1/2 FEET DEEP . CAR STALLED .
1206 PM HAIL ST PAUL 44.95N 93.10W
07/19/2011 M1.25 INCH RAMSEY MN BROADCAST MEDIA
1207 PM HAIL ST PAUL 44.95N 93.10W
07/19/2011 M1.00 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
1210 PM HAIL ST PAUL 44.95N 93.10W
07/19/2011 M0.88 INCH RAMSEY MN TRAINED SPOTTER
1218 PM HAIL MENDOTA HEIGHTS 44.88N 93.14W
07/19/2011 M0.75 INCH DAKOTA MN CO-OP OBSERVER
OCCURRED NEAR PILOT ROAD AND I494 .
1227 PM HAIL MENDOTA HEIGHTS 44.88N 93.14W
07/19/2011 M1.00 INCH DAKOTA MN TRAINED SPOTTER
1228 PM HAIL WEST ST PAUL 44.90N 93.09W
07/19/2011 E0.75 INCH DAKOTA MN TRAINED SPOTTER
OCCURRED NEAR 908 LIVINGSTON AVE .
Storms now moving through metro from north to south over the next two hours .
BULLETIN – IMMEDIATE BROADCAST REQUESTED
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TWIN CITIES/CHANHASSEN MN
1040 AM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN THE TWIN CITIES HAS ISSUED A
* SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR…
ANOKA COUNTY IN EAST CENTRAL MINNESOTA…
NORTHEASTERN HENNEPIN COUNTY IN EAST CENTRAL MINNESOTA…
RAMSEY COUNTY IN EAST CENTRAL MINNESOTA…
* UNTIL NOON CDT
* AT 1036 AM CDT…RADAR INDICATED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM…CAPABLE OF
PRODUCING QUARTER SIZE HAIL AND DESTRUCTIVE WINDS IN EXCESS OF 70
MPH . THIS STORM WAS LOCATED NEAR RAMSEY…OR ABOUT 19 MILES
SOUTHWEST OF CAMBRIDGE…AND MOVING SOUTHEAST AT 25 MPH .
LOCATIONS IN THE WARNING INCLUDE…
MINNEAPOLIS…
ST PAUL…
RAMSEY…
CEDAR…
EAST BETHEL…
DAYTON…
ANDOVER…
ANOKA…
CHAMPLIN…
HAM LAKE…
COON RAPIDS…
OSSEO…
OAK PARK…
BROOKLYN PARK…
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS…
THIS IS A DANGEROUS SITUATION . IF YOU ARE IN THE PATH OF THIS
STORM…PREPARE IMMEDIATELY FOR DESTRUCTIVE WINDS…WHICH CAN UPROOT
TREES…DOWN POWER LINES…AND CAUSE DAMAGE TO ROOFS AND WINDOWS .
EVACUATE MOBILE HOMES AS THEY MAY BE OVERTURNED . LARGE HAIL IS ALSO
EXPECTED…WHICH CAN CAUSE DAMAGE TO VEHICLES AND WINDOWS . SEEK
SHELTER NOW INSIDE A STURDY STRUCTURE AND STAY AWAY FROM WINDOWS .
SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS CAN PRODUCE TORNADOES WITH LITTLE OR NO ADVANCE
WARNING . PREPARE TO MOVE TO A PLACE OF SAFETY IN A STURDY STRUCTURE
SUCH AS A BASEMENT OR SMALL INTERIOR ROOM IF A TORNADO IS SPOTTED .
WIND DAMAGE WITH THIS STORM MAY OCCUR AHEAD OF ANY RAIN OR
LIGHTNING . DO NOT WAIT FOR THE SOUND OF THUNDER BEFORE TAKING COVER .
SEEK SHELTER IMMEDIATELY INSIDE A STURDY STRUCTURE AND STAY AWAY FROM
WINDOWS .
MPX : Princeton [ Mille Lacs Co , MN ] awos reports TSTM WND GST of M58 MPH at 10:19 AM CDT — measured at airport
MPX : Princeton [ Mille Lacs Co , MN ] awos reports TSTM WND GST of M56 MPH at 10:13 AM CDT — measured at princeton airport .
MPX : Milaca [ Mille Lacs Co , MN ] public reports TSTM WND DMG at 10:05 AM CDT — several trees down…power out .
MPX : 3 Ne Ronneby [ Benton Co , MN ] amateur radio reports TSTM WND DMG at 09:30 AM CDT — branches and limbs up to 10 inches in diameter downed in oak park .
BULLETIN – IMMEDIATE BROADCAST REQUESTED
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TWIN CITIES/CHANHASSEN MN
1009 AM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN THE TWIN CITIES HAS ISSUED A
* SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR…
ANOKA COUNTY IN EAST CENTRAL MINNESOTA…
SOUTHEASTERN SHERBURNE COUNTY IN CENTRAL MINNESOTA…
* UNTIL 1045 AM CDT
* AT 1008 AM CDT…RADAR INDICATED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM…CAPABLE OF
PRODUCING QUARTER SIZE HAIL AND DAMAGING WINDS IN EXCESS OF 65 MPH .
THIS STORM WAS LOCATED NEAR ZIMMERMAN…OR ABOUT 5 MILES SOUTH OF
PRINCETON…AND MOVING SOUTHEAST AT 30 MPH .
LOCATIONS IN THE WARNING INCLUDE…
BIG LAKE…
ELK RIVER…
ST FRANCIS…
RAMSEY…
CEDAR…
ANDOVER…
HAM LAKE…
EAST BETHEL…
CENTERVILLE…
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS…
IF YOU ARE IN THE PATH OF THIS STORM…PREPARE IMMEDIATELY FOR
DAMAGING WINDS IN EXCESS OF 60 MPH AND LARGE HAIL . SEEK SHELTER NOW
INSIDE A STURDY STRUCTURE AND STAY AWAY FROM WINDOWS .
Update 10am :
Radar indicating the strongest storms near Milaca heading southeast toward Princeton . Possible Tornado Vortex Signature ( TVS ) on radar . Damaging winds and possible tornado with this storm !
PH
Update 9:15 am :
SPC has issued a severe T-Storm Watch until 3pm including the Twin Cities metro area and much of western Wisconsin .
URGENT – IMMEDIATE BROADCAST REQUESTED
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH NUMBER 662
NWS STORM PREDICTION CENTER NORMAN OK
910 AM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
THE NWS STORM PREDICTION CENTER HAS ISSUED A
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH FOR PORTIONS OF
EAST CENTRAL AND SOUTHEAST MINNESOTA
NORTHWEST AND WEST CENTRAL WISCONSIN
EFFECTIVE THIS TUESDAY MORNING AND AFTERNOON FROM 910 AM UNTIL
300 PM CDT .
HAIL TO 2 INCHES IN DIAMETER…THUNDERSTORM WIND GUSTS TO 70
MPH…AND DANGEROUS LIGHTNING ARE POSSIBLE IN THESE AREAS .
THE SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH AREA IS APPROXIMATELY ALONG AND 55
STATUTE MILES NORTH AND SOUTH OF A LINE FROM 70 MILES NORTH
NORTHWEST OF MINNEAPOLIS MINNESOTA TO 60 MILES EAST SOUTHEAST OF
EAU CLAIRE WISCONSIN . FOR A COMPLETE DEPICTION OF THE WATCH SEE
THE ASSOCIATED WATCH OUTLINE UPDATE ( WOUS64 KWNS WOU2 ) .
REMEMBER…A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH MEANS CONDITIONS ARE
FAVORABLE FOR SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS IN AND CLOSE TO THE WATCH
AREA . PERSONS IN THESE AREAS SHOULD BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR
THREATENING WEATHER CONDITIONS AND LISTEN FOR LATER STATEMENTS
AND POSSIBLE WARNINGS . SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS CAN AND OCCASIONALLY
DO PRODUCE TORNADOES .
DISCUSSION…PERSISTENT MCS MOVING ACROSS CENTRAL MN HAS DEVELOPED
SUPERCELL STRUCTURES ALONG ITS SRN FLANK . THE ENVIRONMENT
DOWNSTREAM ALONG THE STALLED SURFACE FRONT REMAINS STRONGLY UNSTABLE BASED ON THE 12Z MPX SOUNDING…WITH SUFFICIENT VERTICAL SHEAR TO MAINTAIN AN ORGANIZED CLUSTER CAPABLE OF PRODUCING DAMAGING WINDS AND LARGE HAIL FOR THE NEXT FEW HOURS .
AVIATION…A FEW SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS WITH HAIL SURFACE AND ALOFT
TO 2 INCHES . EXTREME TURBULENCE AND SURFACE WIND GUSTS TO 60
KNOTS . A FEW CUMULONIMBI WITH MAXIMUM TOPS TO 650 . MEAN STORM
MOTION VECTOR 31025 .
…THOMPSON
Hazard Tornadoes EF2+ Tornadoes Likelihood Low Very Low
Severe Wind 65 kt+ Wind Moderate Moderate
Severe Hail 2″+ Hail Moderate Moderate
* * *
The heat wave of 2011 rolls on , and the hottest air may be yet to come by Wednesday .
The excessive heat warning continues .
URGENT – WEATHER MESSAGE
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE TWIN CITIES/CHANHASSEN MN
421 AM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
…EXCESSIVE HEAT AND HUMIDITY CONTINUING THROUGH WEDNESDAY…
.DUE TO A PROLONGED PERIOD OF THE HEAT AND HUMIDITY…AN
EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT FOR CENTRAL AND SOUTHERN
MINNESOTA…INCLUDING THE TWIN CITIES…AND ALL WEST CENTRAL
WISCONSIN…THROUGH 9 PM ON WEDNESDAY .
AFTERNOON HEAT INDICES WILL EXCEED 105 DEGREES FOR SEVERAL HOURS
BOTH TODAY AND WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON…WITH OVERNIGHT LOW
TEMPERATURES ONLY FALLING INTO THE MIDDLE 70S TO LOWER 80S .
THE COMBINATION OF HOT TEMPERATURES AND HIGH HUMIDITY WILL
COMBINE TO CREATE A DANGEROUS SITUATION IN WHICH HEAT ILLNESSES
ARE LIKELY . DRINK PLENTY OF FLUIDS…STAY IN AN AIR-CONDITIONED
ROOM…STAY OUT OF THE SUN…AND CHECK UP ON RELATIVES…
NEIGHBORS…AND PETS .
Storm chances today . There is a slight risk for severe storms today , with the best chances for a severe storm with high winds , heavy rain & hail just north & east of the Twin Cities .
–The Latest Twin Cities radar loop
Some numbers on our heat wave so far :
81 degrees – tied the all-time record dew point value for the Twin Cities Sunday at 9pm ( pending official confirmation )
6 days at or above 90 degrees at MSP Airport this month
10 days at or above 90 degrees so far in 2011
13 days at or above 90 degrees in an “ average ” year at MSP Airport .
50+ number of Twins fans treated for heat related symptoms Monday at Target Filed
23 states under heat advisories today
RECORD EVENT REPORT
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE CHANHASSEN MN
203 AM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
…A NEW RECORD The WARMEST MINIMUM /OR WARMEST LOW TEMPERATURE/ FOR THE TWIN CITIES OF MINNEAPOLIS/ST PAUL MN WAS SET YESTERDAY…
THE LOW TEMPERATURE AT MINNEAPOLIS/ST PAUL INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT WAS 80 DEGREES YESTERDAY JULY 18 2011 .
THIS BREAKS THE OLD RECORD WARM LOW OF 79 DEGREES SET IN 1986 .
RECORD EVENT REPORT
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE CHANHASSEN MN
205 AM CDT TUE JUL 19 2011
…A TIE FOR THE RECORD WARMEST MINIMUM /OR WARMEST LOW TEMPERATURE FOR EAU CLAIRE WISCONSIN WAS TIED YESTERDAY…
THE LOW TEMPERATURE AT EAU CLAIRE WAS 76 DEGREES YESTERDAY
JULY 18 2011 .
THIS TIES FOR THE FIRST TIME…THE WARMEST LOW TEMP FOR THE DATE OF
JULY 18TH .
THE ORIGINAL WARM LOW OF 76 WAS SET IN 1942 .
The core of the “ thermal ridge ” will pass directly over Minnesota Wednesday afternoon . Temps could reach or exceed 100 degrees late Wednesday in southern Minnesota . Heat index values will again push into the 110 degree range .
Relief in sight !
A weak cool front will slide through Minnesota Thursday . The front should drop temps about 10 degrees , and may push dew points from the upper 70s to the upper 50s by late Thursday !
Temperatures may fall into the mid 80s by Thursday .
Dew points in the upper 50s ?
If the dew points fall into the 50s , you 'll really notice a big drop in humidity . There will literally be about half as much water in the air over Minnesota s we have today .
Hang in there , some relief is 48 hours away !
PH
Last week I met with my wonderful friend Adrianna and their two dogs Lucky and Donny , I was amazed to see the change in Donny , he 's come such a long way in such a short time . This is their story :
My name is Donny . I am a black and white border collie mix and I grew up a stray . Nobody wanted me . I quickly learned to keep away from humans . I got badly kicked by a man one day and there were a few times when kids would throw stones at me .
In the summer of 2014 I found a quiet neighbourhood and took to hanging out with some other stray dogs . There was safety in numbers , but sometimes things got rough . I was kind of bottom of the pack . I guess I was just a frightened youngster and timid too .
Whilst on the streets I noticed this kind looking lady . They had a little male dog that they called Lucky . I used to see them with Lucky and I wished that I could be owned and loved like that . Sometimes the lady made a move to approach me , but I would run away . I was too scared to trust . Too scared of getting hurt . But despite my fears , I kind of took to following the lady when they were out on their walks . I always kept my distance , but I knew they noticed me and I loved the way the little dog looked at them They were always wagging their tail and the way they petted him , it made me think that perhaps some humans were OK .
On September 6th 2014 I followed the lady further than usual and then I guess a scent wafted towards my nose . I was always on the look-out for food . I was always hungry . I figure I was n't really paying attention . I knew about the road and I knew about the cars , but that morning I was just too preoccupied . The car came out of the blue . It hit me hard . I remember everything in a blur and then the most excruciating pain in my right eye . I recalled the car driving off at speed and the sound of my own whimpering howl . I fled in terror .
Time seemed to stand still and minutes turned into hours . My whole body ached and I could n't see through my injured eye . I lay licking my paws and trying to find comfort . Then I remember seeing the lady 's concerned face with my one good eye . They had a man with them from the Department of Agriculture and although I was afraid , I felt too weak to even try to escape . I let them take me .
They took me for urgent medical attention and the vet told the lady that miraculously my only injury was an eye trauma from that initial impact . The vet said that the eye would need surgery and that it was an expensive procedure . The vet said it probably made more sense to put me down since I was a stray . The lady looked at me and they said “ No , I ca n't let that happen. ” They looked at me with the same love that they always gave to the little dog . Although I was terrified I somehow knew this lady would keep me safe and they did .
It 's been over two years since the lady rescued me and I 've never looked back . An awesome charity called C.A.R.E . assisted with my medical care and I made it through the surgery in one piece . Every day I got a bit stronger both physically and emotionally . The lady was so kind and gentle and it was n't long before Lucky and me became like brothers . The lady even convinced me to start walking on a leash . They tell me I 'm a loyal and loving dog . Although I 'm still a bit wary of strangers , the lady has taught me that not all humans wish me harm .
Thank-you to my beautiful friend Adrianna for making a difference . # 50daysofniceness
A handout photo shows wind turbines in Glenrock , Wyoming . Handout via REUTERS
( Reuters ) - With the Trump administration expected to publish an analysis that could undermine the U.S. wind and solar industries , two renewable energy lobbying groups on Tuesday released their own study saying new energy sources pose no threat to the country 's power grid .
Wind and solar advocates have said the government study 's outcome appeared to be pre-determined to favor fossil fuel industries . The new report , commissioned by the American Wind Energy Association and Advanced Energy Economy , says cheap natural gas is behind most of the decline in the numbers of U.S. coal-fired power plants in recent years , not government subsidies that have bolstered the growth of wind and solar power .
It also said there is no evidence to show that wind and solar energy are threatening the reliability of the electric grid .
The groups commissioned the report shortly after Energy Secretary Rick Perry in April ordered a 60-day study of the reliability of the grid and said Obama-era policies offering incentives for the deployment of renewable energy had come at the expense of energy sources like coal and nuclear .
With the 60-day deadline for the DOE study looming this month , AWEA and AEE released their own analysis of the issue performed by economic consulting firm Analysis Group .
The authors of the analysis found that the rapid growth of renewable energy and related policies were “ a distant second to market fundamentals in causing financial pressure ” on coal plants without long-term contracts . Market forces such as new , more-efficient efficient natural gas plants , low natural gas prices and flat electricity demand are the biggest contributor to coal plants ' inability to compete , the report found .
The analysis also found that greater diversity of technologies made the system more reliable .
“ There are lots of different technologies that fill different pieces of the reliability puzzle , ” said Susan Tierney , one of the report 's authors . “ That led us to believe that there is not a problem on the horizon for reliability . ”
The DOE 's grid study is expected to be released later this month .
Github Repo : https : //github.com/ChrisTruncer/Just-Metadata For some time now , I 've been working on a tool which aggregates data about IP addresses from publicly available sources . Three separate events prompted this project . First , I began noticing a large number of IP addresses attempting to brute force their way into my mail server . Second , a large number of systems/IPs scanned my web server for vulnerable web applications ( Tomcat , phpMyAdmin , etc ) . Finally , ATD sometimes will receive spam email that contains malware . Justin Warner ( @ sixdub ) , ATD 's resident reverse engineer , investigated one of the malware sample in a spam message we received and was able to extract the IP addresses of the callback domain .
I wanted to see if there was anything I could learn about the systems/IPs targeting my server and the malware callback domains we were seeing . Specifically , I wanted to collect the following : IP Whois Information
Geographical Information
Shodan information ( Ports , keys , certificates , etc . )
VirusTotal
Various Threat Feeds
etc… After a couple conversations with Justin , I decided to write a tool to do just that . Justin and I brainstormed functionality that would be useful , and the type of information we would want to gather . However , just simply gathering the information is n't necessarily enough to provide any sort of value . It 's the analysis of the available data where I can get something useful . Are the systems that are scanning me owned by the same person/company/etc. ? Are they located in the same country ? To answer these questions , I wrote Just-Metadata , which I am happy to release today . Let 's walk through some of the features , and how Just-Metadata works .
To start off using Just-Metadata , create a text file containing a list of IP addresses ( each on a new line ) . To get the IPs into the Just-Metadata , you 'll use the load command , and provide the path to the file containing the IP addresses , similar to either of the following :
load ips.txt – If ips.txt is in the same directory as Just-Metadata
load /home/SonofFlynn/iplist.txt – Full path to file is also accepted
You should soon see a message indicating that X number of IPs have been loaded .
Now that the IPs we want to investigate have been loaded into the framework , we can begin the information gathering process . Just-Metadata can connect to and gather information from a variety of different sources . To see the different sources that Just-Metadata grabs from , simply run the command “ list gather ” , and you should see something similar to the following :
The information left of the “ = > ” is the module name , and the information to the right gives a description of what it gathers . To actually collect information from each source , you would use the “ gather ” command . As an example , to grab information from Shodan about the loaded IPs , I would run “ gather shodan ” . I would then see Just-Metadata querying Shodan ( or the selected source ) for information . NOTE : Shodan is the only source within Just-Metadata that requires an API key . Be sure to place your API key into the shodan module . To do this , open the shodan module ( located at Just-Metadata/module/intelgathering/get_shodan.py and add your API key in line 16 , for the self.api_key variable . All other modules work without any requirement other than an internet connection .
I will typically follow this process for all available intelligence gathering sources within Just-Metadata . One item to note is that some sources are rate-limited , so certain intelgathering modules can take time to complete depending upon the number of IPs that need to be investigated . Once all of the different intelgathering sources have completed gathering information , the meat of the tool can be put to use , the analysis modules .
Just-Metadata can be used to perform automated analysis against the gathered data . The goal of these modules should be to analyze patterns across all of the gathered data , and attempt to find , and display , meaningful data for consumption by the user . This is what I consider to be the most valuable part of the tool . Collecting data is important , but extrapolating meaning from it is where the actual good stuff lies . Analysis modules have full access to all data collected by the framework , and should be used to identify patterns in data , or anything that can be used to find useful data in an otherwise large dataset . To start off , you can list all of the different analysis modules by using the “ list analysis ” command . When running this , you should see something similar to the following :
To use any of the available analysis modules , just use the “ analyze ” command . For example , if we want to view the top X cities , countries , timezones , ISPs , etc . that are included within the loaded IP addresses , you can use the “ Geo ” module . To run this module , just type “ analyze geoinfo ” . You will be prompted for the number of results you want back per category , I usually choose 10 , but feel free to adjust as you see fit . Once you provide the total number of results per category , you should see something similar to the following ( amongst additional data ) :
Another module that I find useful is the “ keys ” module . This module works by parsing the data from Shodan , and looks for shared SSH keys , or HTTPS certificates across all IPs loaded into Just-Metadata . The keys module will then ask the number of keys you want displayed , and will show any SSH keys , HTTPS certificates , etc . that is shared across any of the loaded IP addresses . When running “ analyze keys ” you might see something similar to the following :
In this limited number of IPs , there were n't any systems that shared the same SSH keys , however there are three different IPs that have a shared https certificate .
Another analysis option is the “ feedhits ” module . This will compare all of the IPs loaded into the framework with a variety of different threat intel feeds that are available on the internet . If an IP is in any of the threat intel feeds , it will highlight and call them out . When comparing the loaded IPs to different threat intel feeds , these were some of my results :
If at any point you would like to see all the information gathered about a single IP address , you can do that by using the “ ip_info ” command along with the IP address . So the command may look like “ ip_info 180.253.10.125 ” and your output might be similar to the following :
Another feature that I wanted in this tool is the ability to save the current state , and then reload it for analysis later . Just-Metadata can do this with the “ save ” and “ import ” functions . To save your current state ( after you 've gathered any data you wish to have saved along with the state ) , simply type “ save ” at the command prompt . You should see something similar to :
You can now safely exit Just-Metadata without losing any of the data you 've gathered .
To import any state that 's been saved to disk , just use the import command , along with the path to a Just-Metadata state file . Your command could be something like “ import metadata06082015_172032.state ” and once run , should look similar to :
I believe that this covers most of the functionality in Just-Metadata . If there 's anything that 's missing that would be helpful to have explained , let me know and I 'll be sure to add to this post . I 'm available at @ christruncer on Twitter or in # veil on Freenode !
Yesterday , an amazing announcement was made that will make any fans of Crowfall and anyone who watches idly with interest extremely happy and cause everyone else to give Crowfall a second glance . I believe ArtCraft may have cracked how to bring a crowdfunded game to market . The team 's knowledge of the business side of the development has led to an additional $ 6 million investment , which according to their funding tracker was roughly an additional 60 % in funds . And while expanding the Crowfall team is great news , their announcement to use those funds for marketing is equally excellent . To have grown from a crowdfunded project to a company with this type of momentum is fairly rare . It 's no Star Citizen , but not everyone can make all the money . While testers ( myself included ) await the promised glory of patch 5.3 , I continue to be excited for weekly updates as news has almost always been increasingly promising .
advertisement advertisement
Since we covered the Founder 's Update yesterday , today I 'll examine the December Q & A which happens to be less ‘ Q ' and mostly ‘ A ' as Todd and UX Design Lead Billy Garretsen jump right into upcoming improvements to the UI . This is by far one of my favorite Q & A videos because it 's packed with the team 's inspiration and motivation behind particular improvements , in this case the UI and the character sheet .
Inspired by Diablo and Path of Exile and learning from the greatest and earliest of RPGs , Dungeons & Dragons , the character sheet will soon become one window instead of individually docked windows . This window will have all stats , disciplines , and equipment readily available . I love listening to Todd 's intentions for this type of UI and how it encourages player aspirations . There are particular revelations about character sheets that I never considered but are surprisingly true .
Also , if you remember that I mentioned the importance of maps in last week 's article . Well , Todd and Billy discuss that very subject in the Q & A . I ca n't wait to see what the next iteration of it is , and why they decide to design it the way that they do . While they said it would probably become less stylized , I think they should take a unique approach to creating something both unique in style but with all the functionality necessary for something an complex as player built strongholds and procedurally generated worlds .
Feel free to watch the video below , especially if you like hearing about design inspiration . Like I said , it 's one of their best yet .
( Caricatures by John Graham / johngraham.alphalink.com.au )
“ ... a psychopath with a giant ego . ”
“ Rudd is campaigning . Rudd is talking to journalists about the leadership despite their astonishing denial .
I know the names of some of those they have spoken to… They told them a challenge would happen ; they told them they were prepared to lose the first ballot and go to the backbench ; and , in one conversation , they laughed about the prospect of Gillard stumbling again .
Yet the Foreign Minister [ Rudd ] has categorically denied ever having spoken to any journalist about the leadership . ”
`` As I said in a written statement today , there are no circumstances under which I would return to the leadership of the Australian Labor Party in the future . ''
“ In your guts , you know he 's nuts . ''
“ what if men are by physiology or temperament , more adapted to exercise authority or to issue command ? ” ( 1998 )
Image courtesy 'doctornonono ' ( Flickr ) .
' ... a vexed cocktail of idealism and mild to moderate megalomania . '
WELL , there you have it . The 2013 election will be a contest between two gentlemen who fit the old Australian colloquialism of ‘ psycho ' — that brand of weirdness and intense volatility that leaves the rest of us shaking our heads.Both Kevin and Tony are blue-tie wearing men with anger management problems : Abbott punches walls after losing a vote ; Kevin kicks a hole in the wall of their office after a bad interview . Kevin screams at a young RAAF cabin attendant when the wrong meal is delivered ; Abbott nods their head up and down in apoplectic rage , silent and staring for half a minute at a reporter that asked them the wrong question . ( Seriously , remind yourself how creepy that moment was here . ) Kevin spat the dummy in 2010 when they were deposed and did n't stop until last week ; Tony has n't stopped since losing the 2010 election.They are both proof positive that , to make it in Australian politics , you have to be crazy in the first place or get a little bit crazy along the way.But just saying so does n't give voters an informed choice at this election . What we really need to do is compare and contrast the different brands of nuttiness these boys have to offer.We know , of course , the stories of Kevin 's first term as Prime Minister : we 're heard about the callousness with which they treated their colleagues and public servants . We know of the indecision , the chaos , the sound and fury of a workaholic that yet signified nothing.What has n't really been dwelt upon is the accusation by one of Labor colleagues , Steve Gibbons , that Kevin isA pretty damning assessment , to be sure , and one that really requires a second look.We start , of course , with some of the symptoms of psychopathy 1 ) — check . Kevin , while quite popular with people who have never met him , is reportedly loathed by those forced to work closely with him.2 ) — check . Kevin has a habit of referring to themselves in the third person as “ K Rudd ” in interviews . Third-person disorder is a sure sign someone has drunk a little too much of their own Kool-Aid.3 ) — I 'll leave this to Barrie Cassidy and their coverage of Rudd 's 2012 leadership tilt . The context was Rudd 's public denial that they were trying to usurp Gillard.But it gets better.After destabilising their own party and briefing against their own leader ‒ after three years of hate ‒ Kevin had the temerity to say , '' during their first press conference as PM.Oh the delicious irony . Oh the chutzpah.4 ) — certainly looks like it . After their initial challenge in 2012 , and their aborted challenge in early 2013 , Kevin said several times they would n't run and there 'd be no circumstance where they would run for the leadership again . Listen Then , of course , they simply went ahead and challenged again anyway . They were unfazed and the press , rather strangely , said not a word of their previous pledges . Maybe they were so inured to their habits they never took their word seriously in the first place . Maybe because they 'd been baying for Gillard 's blood for three years , it would be somewhat hypocritical to criticise them for doing as they demanded.Without a professional diagnosis , I 'm not about to suggest Kevin Rudd is a psychopath . But I would suggest that putting oneself between Kevin and the seat of power is a little like standing between Justin Bieber and a screaming mob of their fans.When it comes to the alternative Prime Minister , Tony Abbott , we start with the obvious : their nickname is the ‘ Mad Monk ' . As Paul Keating has said , they had always been regarded as theof the Liberal Party.Anthony Albanese delights in saying of Abbott : But let 's not listen to their enemies for a diagnosis ; let 's consider Tony in their own words 1 ) “ ( ABCWuuuh ? What the… ? Their views , I guess , are very modern – in rural Afghanistan . But this is 2013 dude , and no means no – wife or otherwise.2 ) In response to someone expressing concern that there were n't enough women in leadership positions , they said the following : Imagine for a moment , that Tony Abbott is not talking about women in the above statement , but ‘ Asians ' or ‘ Jews ' . Now a person expressing such racism would not only be considered unfit to be PM , they 'd be kicked out of parliament . I 've always found it passing strange that sexism ‒ which is just as invidious as racism ‒ does n't seem to attract the same condemnation.3 ) “ Woah ! Dude . It 's cancer . It 's your daughters.4 ) Well ... uhhhhhh .... It does n't end there , of course ; Tony has also variously said it is OK to smoke in a car with children ( this from an ex-health minister ) , has repeated conspiracy theories about the science of climate change ( which they famously called `` crap '' ) , and said that homeless people `` choose '' to be that way . The list goes on . To paraphrase Yoda : the wing-nut is strong in this one.Maybe Kevin and Tony are like most politicians , who have , as Annabel Crabb put it Or maybe , just maybe , to really make it to the top of Australian politics today , you have to dial the crazy up to 11.Whichever way you slice it , it seems the 2013 election will be a tale of two psychos.This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
February 26 , 2011 — andyextance
Limiting methane and soot emissions would save lives and keep farming output high , as well as playing an important role in fighting global warming . That 's according to some 70 scientists who have reviewed the available research on these substances for the United Nations Environment Partnership ( UNEP ) . Such cuts were also surprisingly feasible , with just 16 ways of limiting emissions providing about 90 percent of the possible climate benefit from a list of 2000 control measures .
“ We estimate that adoption of the 16 control measures we considered would save about 2 million lives a year and save 50 million tons of crops a year , ” said NASA 's Drew Shindell , who led the project . “ For climate , putting control measures in place could eliminate about half the warming we 'll otherwise face over the next 40 years . ”
Soot contains black carbon particles that have significant human health impacts and , although they are not greenhouse gases , warm the atmosphere by intercepting and absorbing sunlight . Methane , as well as being a greenhouse gas in its own right , also leads to the production of ozone that is an air pollutant harmful to human health and ecosystems at ground level and also a potent greenhouse gas in the lower atmosphere .
These substances do not last as long in the atmosphere as CO2 , which is an especially stable chemical , so the climate benefits of controlling them would be felt quickly . Yet , to date negotiations have largely focussed on CO2 . In recognition of the need to control short-lived substances several diverse groups , including the Indigenous People 's Global Summit on Climate Change and the G8 group of world leaders , called on the United Nations to summarise the science in the hopes of starting action in this area .
As well as gathering existing research findings on black carbon and methane emissions , the UNEP team also used them to develop predictions of likely impacts of control measures . They ran specific simulations using one climate-chemistry-aerosol model from NASA and one from Hamburg , Germany , based Max Planck Institute for Meteorology at the European Union 's Joint Research Centre . This work demonstrated how potent just a few measures , like controlling methane emissions from mines and oil wells , or encouraging a shift to cleaner-burning stoves , could be .
“ I found it remarkable that for incomplete combustion , which gives you black carbon , a group of just nine measures was able to pull down the emissions by about 70 to 80 percent , ” Shindell said . “ And all of the technologies already exist . There 's no technological barrier whatsoever to reducing black carbon . ”
The researchers emphasise that more work is needed to determine the cost-benefit balance for these measures . They also underline that such cuts do not eliminate the need to reduce CO2 emissions , which are the main driver of climate change in the long term . But while the negotiations around CO2 cuts are complicated by nations ' need for energy and desire for growth , Shindell hopes the triple-whammy of benefits soot and methane limits offer will lead to more rapid action .
“ In an ideal world people would look at the results and say , wow , doing these kinds of measures will produce major benefits , ” they said . “ Many nations are already pursuing many of these measures for air quality , but perhaps the recognition that there 's a climate impact as well will help prod nations , states , and cities to take air quality more seriously . ”
Advertisements
UFC flyweight king Demetrious Johnson has their sights set not only on elite grappler and title challenger Wilson Reis in the main event of UFC on FOX 24 , but also on tying Anderson Silva 's UFC record of 10 consecutive title defenses .
The best pound-for-pound fighter on the planet recently spoke to Tony Reid on Rattling the Cage for FloCombat about their preparation for this fight , their opinion on tying Silva 's record and their plans for their future in the sport .
More ready than ever
`` I am always in the best shape of my life for every fight , '' Johnson said . `` For this fight , I am in a really good place in my life and in my training . We are working extremely hard . We are breaking down a lot of footage . We are drilling . Sometimes we do more drilling in certain camps . I feel good about it going into this fight . Wilson Reis is no joke and I am ready to get in there and fight him . ''
Every challenger thinks they can beat him—until they ca n't
`` I fight the best guys in the division . I fight the most dangerous guys in the division . I fight guys with one-punch knockout power . I just go out there and fight . I leave it up to my skill set to decide if anyone in this division is ready to knock me off my high horse or if I will just keep strutting along . I just keep on strutting along . All the fighters are going to say something . This is the age where people are getting attention for that . I 'm not worried about it at all . ''
Shifting opinion on title defenses
`` You realize how long I have been the champion ? Since 2012 . It 's 2017 . We are creeping in on five years of me being the champion . I believe I have been pretty active as the champion . If I make it to September , that will mark five years as the champion . That 's longer than some fighters ' careers . To me , it 's a big deal . I want to stay healthy and active and keep on winning . I will let the numbers speak for themselves . ''
​Listen to the full interview with `` Mighty Mouse '' right here :
Prior to the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States , Chris Matthews made a Mussolini comparison on MSNBC 's live coverage of today 's festivities .
The MSNBC panel , including Brian Williams , Rachel Maddow , Eugene Robinson and Steve Schmidt , discussed the power struggle in the Trump inner-circle and the role they expect Donald Trump 's son-in-law Jared Kushner , who will be their senior advisor , to play .
`` It 's hard , Rachel , it 's hard to fire your son-in-law , '' the Hardball host said . `` That 's the tricky part . But Mussolini had a great solution to that . They had them executed . ''
Even Rachel Maddow was taken about by Matthews ' comment .
`` Jesus , Chris , '' the Rachel Maddow Show host said .
`` So if I were Jared , I 'd be a little careful , '' Matthews added .
`` Well all the people who were waiting for the mention of Mussolini have just started drinking , '' Maddow said .
Around the country , high schools are increasingly confronting a thorny issue : Should transgender students be allowed into the locker room ?
And increasingly , the federal government is stepping in to provide an answer : Schools must give trans students full locker room access .
Or else .
On Monday , the Obama administration again weighed in on the issue with the release of a report slamming a suburban Chicago public school district for not providing a transgender student with access to the girls ' locker rooms .
The report , which caps a two-year investigation , found that Township High School District 211 in Palatine , Ill. , unfairly denied the transgender teenager — who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery — access to school facilities in violation of Title IX , that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs , causing their “ isolation , ” “ ostracism ” and at least one “ tearful breakdown . ”
“ The denial of access has also meant that , in order to satisfy their graduation requirements and receive a high school diploma , Student A has had no other option but to accept being treated differently than other students by the District , ” according to the 14-page report from the U.S. Department of Education 's Office for Civil Rights ( OCR ) .
The student , who has not been publicly named , rejoiced at the report 's release .
The federal ruling “ makes clear that what my school did was wrong , ” they said in a statement to the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois , which has backed them
“ This decision makes me extremely happy — because of what it means to me , personally , and for countless others , ” they said . “ The district 's policy stigmatized me , often making me feel like I was not a ‘ normal person . ' ”
The school district now has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $ 6 million in federal funding . The case could also be referred to the Department of Justice .
But district officials did not back down on Monday , insisting that they “ remain strong in our belief that the District 's course of action … appropriately serves the dignity and privacy of all students in our educational environment . ”
[ School district refuses to let transgender student use locker room , defying federal officials ]
The school district standoff in Illinois comes at a time of nationwide debate over the rights of transgender individuals . Around the country , the movement for transgender rights has had recent success . Nearly half of all U.S. states — including Illinois — now prohibit discrimination against transgender people , with scores of cities following suit .
Palatine-Schaumburg Township High School District 211 Superintendent Dan Cates addressed the district 's response to a federal mandate requiring the district to allow a transgender student access to girls ' locker rooms in October . ( Daily Herald photo )
The much-publicized transition of celebrity and Olympic gold medalist Caitlyn Jenner has also put an unprecedented spotlight on the issue of transgender rights .
But the movement has also been met with resistance .
In Houston , the city council narrowly approved new protections for transgender people and other minorities in May 2014 . But a fierce backlash against the law , including protests by local pastors , forced a referendum on the issue .
On Tuesday , Houstonians will take to the polls to decide whether the protections stay in place .
[ Gay rights battle flares in Houston over nondiscrimination ordinance ]
Nowhere has the battle over transgender rights been fiercer , however , than in public schools — especially their bathrooms and locker rooms .
In states around the country , transgender students have fought for the right to use their high school facilities , with mixed results . In Virginia , a transgender teen is suing the Gloucester County School Board for the right to use the boys ' restroom . In Southern California , two trans students recently won settlements with separate school districts over alleged harassment and unequal access .
The Obama administration has responded by supporting the transgender students in the Virginia and California cases . The Education Department and the Justice Department both have issued decisions arguing that transgender students must be given full access to bathrooms and locker rooms . The rulings are in line with the administration 's broader backing of transgender rights , including its recent decision to allow transgender members to serve openly in the military .
But in the case of high school locker rooms , activists and the Obama administration are up against even greater opposition .
Even more than bathrooms , where individual stalls provide some privacy , locker rooms have long provided a perfect storm of sensitive conditions : hormonal teenagers , naked bodies and a communal setting .
Now the push for greater transgender rights has merely shifted the so-called “ Bathroom Wars ” to the locker room .
This summer , an uproar in the American heartland cemented the locker room 's new status as the locus of social anxiety over teenage students being exposed to the opposite sex . In the small town of Hillsboro , Mo. , transgender teen Lila Perry was allowed access to their school 's facilities this semester , only to face protests from their fellow students . ( Perry has not filed suit . )
[ A transgender teen used the girls ' locker room . Now their community is up in arms ]
Many school districts opposed to the idea of allowing transgender students full access to locker rooms , including District 211 in Palatine , Ill. , argue that doing so would put the interests of a few students over the privacy rights of the rest of the school .
But often the opposition appears to boil down to a desire to control teenage sexuality , or pretend it does n't exist .
In Missouri , the parent leading the opposition to Perry 's locker room access said they became involved after learning that a female student had encountered “ an intact male ” in the girls ' locker room .
[ Judge denies transgender student 's request to use boys ' bathroom ]
Lila Perry , a Hillsboro High School senior and transgender student , speaks with reporters as Blayke Childs , back , offers their opinion after a student walkout at Hillsboro High School over Perry 's request to use the girls bathrooms and locker rooms . ( Robert Cohen/St . Louis Post-Dispatch via AP )
Even in Palatine , Ill. , a suburb of one of the country 's most liberal cities , the locker room standoff has at times descended into innuendo .
“ Boys and girls are in separate locker rooms — where there are open changing areas and open shower facilities — for a reason , ” District 211 Superintendent Daniel Cates said in a statement issued Monday , without identifying that reason .
“ Permitting [ the transgender student ] to be present in the locker room would expose female students to being observed in a state of undress by a biologically male individual , ” the school district argued , according to the report . “ [ G ] ranting [ her ] the option to change their clothes in the girls ' locker room would expose female students as young as fifteen years of age to a biologically male body . ”
That Palatine is the site of a scuffle over transgender rights is , unto itself , a sign of how hotly contested the issue continues to be in America .
As the OCR admitted in its report , District 211 is actually pretty progressive on transgender rights .
“ OCR 's investigation revealed that , except with respect to locker room access , the District has treated Student A consistent with their gender identity as a girl , ” according to the report . “ This includes identifying Student A by their female name and with female pronouns , providing them with full access to all girls ' restrooms , and allowing them to participate in girls ' interscholastic athletics . ”
But the report also found that the district violated federal law by denying the transgender student access to the school 's locker rooms , while also requiring them to take physical education classes .
“ The District has required Student A to use separate restroom facilities , including facilities that are not comparable to those provided other students , ” OCR investigators found . This exclusion had wide-ranging effects on the student . They were forced to change in the nurse 's office or use a private bathroom that was unlocked every day just for her , causing “ isolation ” and “ ostracism. ” Them efforts to hide their unequal treatment only resulted in further embarrassment , such as when they showed up to PE class late or in uniform when the rest of the class had been told to remain in street clothes . On the few occasions that they had to enter the locker room to rent a uniform or store something , they were reprimanded .
Perhaps the harshest consequences came from their involvement in one of their high school 's athletic teams , however . Because the transgender student was n't allowed to change with their teammates , they missed out on pre-game huddles , “ girl talk ” and other chances to bond , the report found . On the four occasions they did enter the locker room to chat before important games , “ four girls and one parent complained ” to the coach . When the coach chastised her , the transgender student experienced what the coach called a tearful “ breakdown . ”
The exclusion snowballed into them being left out of team activities and even suffering “ disparaging treatment by members of their athletic team that appeared on social media , ” according to the report , which also noted that the student had suffered “ harassing comments in middle school when they used the boys ' locker rooms . ”
When the student first complained to their principal in late 2013 that “ she wanted to be a girl like every other girl , ” they came away “ crushed ” that “ the School did not accept them as female . ”
They filed a complaint with OCR in December of 2013 , setting off almost two years of investigations and failed negotiations that ended on Monday .
During that time , the school district 's stance has shifted slightly . Last month , their high school installed privacy curtains in the PE locker room .
“ The solutions proposed by District 211 included multiple privacy stations in the locker rooms designed to provide privacy to any student while ensuring the full integration of transgender students in educational programs and activities , ” Cates said on Monday . “ Individualized , supportive approaches such as the ones proposed by District 211 have been implemented successfully in other schools . ”
That was n't nearly enough for OCR . First , the swimming and athletic locker rooms remained unchanged and , therefore , inaccessible for transgender students , according to its report .
More importantly , the school district still demanded that the transgender student use the privacy curtains .
In contrast , OCR argued that requiring transgender students to use the privacy curtains was still unfair . Instead , any student could use the privacy curtains for whatever reason .
“ Those female students wishing to protect their own private bodies from exposure to being observed in a state of undress by other girls in the locker rooms , including transgender girls , could change behind a privacy curtain , ” according to the report . ( For them part , the transgender student indicated they would use the curtains . )
The report concluded by giving the school district 30 days to “ negotiate an agreement ” to rescind “ its discriminatory denial of access to the locker rooms ” for transgender students or face up to $ 6 million in federal funding cuts and a possible criminal investigation by the Dept . of Justice .
Both sides have suggested the Palatine standoff is a test case for the entire country .
“ If we do not stand up , this becomes precedent for everyone , ” Cates told the Chicago Daily Herald last month . “ OCR 's position has forced this to close far too soon . ”
“ They are telling a student that they can be with their friends at school but has to be relegated to a separate place to dress , ” countered John Knight , the director of ACLU Illinois ' LGBT program and a member of the student 's legal team . “ That 's just a horrible thing to do . ”
Meanwhile , the locker room debate continues to sow division in the community and beyond .
“ The remedy to the problem in District 211 is to reject the lies and accept the truth , ” wrote local resident James Pittman II in a letter to the Daily Herald . “ Males are male and females are female . Not only should male students not shower with female students , they should n't be able to do the other things that current policy allows either . Why ? Because they are male… If we are to survive as a culture and country , we must flee the chaos that comes with relative truth and once again embrace the ‘ truths that are self-evident ! ' ”
But their claims remain far from self-evident for many . Although the school district says 95 percent of people who have contacted it agree with its position , more than 350 area students had signed a petition supporting the transgender student as of Oct. 15 .
“ The truth is most students would n't have a problem with this at all , ” Jake Lytle , the Fremd High School senior who started the petition , told the Daily Herald .
Brian Harris , the superintendent of nearby District 220 , agreed .
“ Quite frankly , kids are really tolerant . Kids are amazing , ” they told the Daily Herald . “ This is not a kid issue . This is an adult issue . ”
One-State of Mind
“ The two-state solution is the only viable option to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. ” So goes the familiar refrain . Lately , I 've noted a couple of instances where the cliché has been accompanied with mockery of those who advocate for one secular , democratic state in all of the land Israel now controls . There 's a lot of arrogance and condescension in that attitude . Knowing many prominent one-staters , and being familiar with the work of many others , I can testify that most are not utopian thinkers or naïve dreamers . Many of them make a strong and cogent argument . But the question remains : is there any realistic possibility of resolving this conflict within the framework of a single state ?
In both one-state and two-state formulas , there are significant obstacles . In theory , one simply has a choice in the various permutations of each formula as to which obstacles they estimate will be less difficult to overcome . But the two-state formulation has one thing going for it that no one-state idea does : an international consensus that has been built up behind it . This is n't the only point two-staters make as to why their path is preferable . There is also the point that mixing strong nationalist movements has historically led to disaster , and that the imbalance of power means the one thing Israel will not ever give up is a state constituted of a large Jewish majority . There are other arguments as well , but the only one that renders one-state plans as seemingly “ fantasy-based ” is the international consensus .
Indeed , the biggest weakness the one-state argument has is that there is no political body , particularly no Palestinian or Israeli one , that endorses it , outside of extremists on both sides who advocate either an Islamic state or a Jewish apartheid state . There is no political force behind a secular , democratic state or a bi-national or even a federated one at this time . It is indeed fair to say that without that , a single state solution in Israel-Palestine will not be part of the political-diplomatic discourse .
I 'm not a one-state advocate . But neither do I fundamentally oppose a single state solution . My own view has long been that the preferred solution should be the one that works , that can be accepted by enough Israelis and Palestinians to hold , and that can be sufficiently just to work for everyone . I do not believe the Oslo formulation meets those criteria anymore , if it ever did . That does n't mean that some other two-state formula might not work . What I have been advocating for the past several years is that Oslo needs to be scrapped , and that a new formulation must be constructed , based not on the security needs or nationalist ambitions of either party ( though both of those must play prominent roles in any arrangement , ) but which is built on a foundation of equal rights for all .
In order to do that , however , the discourse must encompass the full spectrum of ideologies and views . The discourse we have now is simply pro- or anti-Oslo , and we must move past this , to a broader discussion . That can only be done by bringing one-state ideologies that consider the needs of both Israelis and Palestinians into the conversation , and that requires more than just some academics and activists writing and talking about it . It requires an Israeli or Palestinian body advocating for it .
The two-state solution came to occupy the position it now holds through a combination of circumstance , happenstance and political decision . Once Israel was created in 1948 , the various partition plans that preceded it were relegated to the dustbin of history . It was only the beginning of the occupation in 1967 that opened the possibility of a two-state solution again .
In 1974 , the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) first endorsed the idea of accepting Palestinian rule over any part of Palestine that was liberated . Israel perceived this as a new strategy to wipe it out , and indeed , the PLO framed it within the goal of liberating all of Palestine . But many Palestinians and other observers recognized that this was a step toward conceding that the Palestinians would have to resign themselves to Israel 's existence and find another way toward self-determination from which point , presumably , they could pursue redress for their grievances as a nation-state .
The notion of a Palestinian state had a lot of obstacles to overcome , even beyond the obvious Israeli and American ones . Many Arab leaders , for instance , were reluctant to embrace this strategy . Some of their reasons had to do with Cold War issues , some with a desire to maintain the fight against Israel 's existence , and some because a Palestinian state frustrated their own ambitions . Jordan was one such state , but its attitude changed gradually over the years . The Palestinian Declaration of Independence came after a failed Israeli-Jordanian attempt to forge a peace treaty which would have included Jordan taking back the West Bank , a failure which resulted in Jordan formally relinquishing its claim to the West Bank . That , as it turned out , paved the way for the peace treaty between Jordan and Israel in 1994 .
The intifada that began in 1987 severely weakened the PLO , as a new leadership , based in the Occupied Territories rather than in exile as Arafat and their crew were , emerged from that struggle in the West Bank and Gaza . This weakness was compounded by the 1991 Gulf War . That conflict obliged the United States , as a quid pro quo for Arab assistance against one of their own , Saddam Hussein , to convene a peace conference in Madrid . The PLO was not directly involved , but maintained contact through the Palestinians who were part of the Jordanian delegation . Yasir Arafat 's support for Saddam in the war had strained their own position with the Americans and the Arab League and had severe effects on Palestinians living in other Arab countries , especially Kuwait , from where some 400,000 Palestinians were expelled . All in all , the conditions for an agreement were ripe but the PLO was horribly weak .
Without all of these various circumstances , the Oslo Accords might never have come about . The point of this historical review is that such a development was the result of a combination of circumstances , some of which were intentional some of which were not , but all of which depended initially on a Palestinian decision , when the occupation was still young , to pursue a two-state solution .
A number of Palestinian leaders I have spoken with , as well as other informed sources , have said that a new generation is emerging in the Occupied Territories which embraces a one-state program . While this may cause two-staters to break out in a cold sweat , it is , in fact , a most hopeful development , no matter what one 's vision for peace is . For without a strong and legitimate one-state voice , the thinking of how to ultimately resolve this conflict will remain stunted and restrained .
Moreover , the current refusal to even consider alternatives to the flawed Oslo program is quickly becoming the biggest obstacle to peace in and of itself . I explained elsewhere how the Oslo thinking is born of the basic inequality in power between Israel and the Palestinians , and how this leads to visions of “ compromise ” that are actually very-one sided arrangements favoring Israel . Some supporters of Israel might embrace such things , but ultimately that means they will lead to deals that can not possibly hold for long .
The Oslo mode of thinking needs to be abandoned and replaced with a discourse that considers all reasonable alternatives and begins from a foundation not of security ( though that needs to be a key component , for Palestinians as well as Israelis ) but of equal rights for all the people that live between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea . That ca n't happen until one-state ideas are given their place at the table .
The introduction of a one-state argument does not decide the debate , but enhances it . Israel will bitterly resist such a thing , of course , but it did so with two states at one time as well . That can be overcome , especially because now there is much more sympathy in the West for the Palestinian cause than there was in 1974 , and a one-state scenario would not be as threatening to entrenched Arab leadership as a Palestinian state was thought to be by some forty years ago . A reasonable one-state view , which has the imprimatur of a recognized Palestinian leadership , can get to the table much faster than the two-state formula did . While it might not take twenty years , it still wo n't be easy .
In order to get that political legitimacy , some good fortune will be required , as will a quick response when an opportunity presents itself . But such fortune and opportunity will go to waste if there is no political leadership advocating the position , but only a handful of Palestinian and pro-Palestinian bloggers , activists and intellectuals scattered around the world preaching for a one-state solution .
Israelis and traditional “ pro-Israel ” forces wo n't like it , but in fact , such open discourse , exploring the full range of possibilities and coming up with creative solutions that takes the best from all points of view in a collective process is the best way to save the Zionist dream of Jewish self-determination from what it has become—an oppressive , paranoid and selfish system of oppression that lives , and will eventually die , by the sword . It is also the best hope that Palestinians have for a future where self-determination means a real opportunity to build their own future and hope for real prosperity .
It 's time to save the peace process from the clutches of the Oslo Accords . It 's time to scrap ideas that have n't worked and ca n't work because they can not possibly offer Israelis what they want – peace , security and a more stable regional position—and also offer the Palestinians what they need – freedom , self-determination and economic and political viability . It might be that we can still find a way to do that in two states , perhaps with those two states working together in some formal fashion . It may be that we can only accomplish those things in a single state that finds a way to blend democracy and two strong nations that want to keep their own separate identities .
Israel-Palestine is a unique and complicated constellation of cultures and politics . It 's time we stopped trying to fix it with simplistic formulas and attacked the problem with the full range of thought and creativity that Israelis , Palestinians and all of their supporters have at their disposal .
Photographs courtesy of Joel Schalit
FX continues to build up its arsenal of film mega-hits , acquiring the TV rights to 22 Jump Street – last weekend 's No . 1 film – The Fault In Our Stars , X-Men : Days Of Future Past , Neighbors , Amazing Spider-Man 2 , The Other Woman , Captain America 2 , Noah , Mr. Peabody & Sherman , 300 : Rise Of An Empire , Non-Stop , Ride Along , and Lone Survivor . The network also picked up How To Train Your Dragon 2 , A Million Ways To Die In The West , Rio 2 , Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit , and About Last Night . FX Networks will gain access to the titles 24 to 30 months after their pay window and all titles will be exclusive to FX , FXX and FXM . Last year , FX Networks landed over two thirds of all films that grossed over $ 100 million and 31 movies that finished number one at the box office at least one week last year .
An internal memo reportedly hacked from the personal computer of Nancy Pelosi , the top Democrat in the US House of Representatives , shows how officials were briefed on how to respond to the Black Lives Matter ( BLM ) movement – including `` tactics '' on how to answer questions by activists .
The document , reportedly authored in November last year by a staffer called Troy Perry , states that Democratic Party candidates and members should never use the phrases `` all lives matter '' nor mention `` black on black crime '' as they are `` viewed as red herring attacks '' and `` will garner additional media scrutiny and only anger BLM activists . ''
The Black Lives Matter movement was formed in 2013 following the death of Trayvon Martin and has been at the forefront of alleged US police brutality ever since – documenting and protesting the slew of killings including , most recently , those of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile .
The BLM-centric document was leaked online by Guccifer 2.0 , the self-proclaimed hacker claiming to be responsible for infiltrating the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) .
Many cybersecurity experts believe the persona is maintained by Russian intelligence to manage a disinformation campaign with the intention of influencing the upcoming 8 November election . Kremlin officials have denied the accusations .
`` Presidential candidates have struggled to respond to tactics of the Black Lives Matter movement , '' the memo continues . `` While there has been little engagement with House candidates , candidates and campaign staff should be prepared . This document should not be emailed or handed to anyone outside of the building . Please only give campaign staff these best practices in meetings or over the phone . ''
Under a section marked `` tactics '' , Perry instructs Democratic Party officials to `` meet with local activists '' . They wrote : `` If approached by BLM activists , campaign staff should offer to meet with local activists . Invited BLM attendees should be limited . Please aim for personal or small group meetings . '' They advised to `` listen to their concerns '' but `` do n't offer support for concrete policy positions . ''
According to their public Twitter profile , Troy Perry is a former DCCC staffer who now works on the election campaign of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton .
`` BLM needs partners to achieve their agenda and they want to be a part of the conversation , '' Perry wrote in the memo last November . `` However , BLM activists do n't want their movement co-opted by the Democrat Party . They are leary of politicians who hijack their message to win campaigns . ''
Under the title `` What to say to media '' , Perry noted that officials should aim to `` rebuild the relationship '' between police and community and `` explore reforms '' to ensure officers are properly trained and do n't infringe on citizens ' rights .
The mysterious Guccifer 2.0 figure also released nine other documents in total – all reportedly compromised from the PC of Pelosi . Other titles included : Recent Immigration Reform Proposals , 2016 NP Proposed Contributions , ISIS ( talking points ) and Framework One Pager Benghazi .
A statement posted alongside the latest release said : `` Hi everyone . As you see I 've been gradually posting DCCC docs on different states . But besides that I have a folder from the Nancy Pelosi 's PC and I 'd like to share some docs from it with you . They are related to immigration , Hispanics , BLM , Islam and other issues . So here they are . ''
Due to the documents featuring potentially sensitive financial data , IBTimes UK has not linked directly to the release .
Guccifer 2.0 did not respond to a request for comment .
UPDATE : The Black Lives Matter campaign has released a statement on its Facebook page . It stated : `` We are disappointed at the DCCC 's placating response to our demand to value all Black life . Black communities deserve to be heard , not handled . People are dying . `` Whether Republican , Democrat or otherwise , our elected officials have an ethical and democratic responsibility to make legislation that reflects the needs of their constituents . That includes Black people facing life-threatening challenges because of racist , failed policies . `` We demand , and are fighting every day for , a radical transformation of American democracy where all Black lives are valued . We expect that our elected officials will stop pacifying and take us seriously . ''
This article was updated on 23:05 ( 31 August ) to add in a comment from Black Lives Matter .
Iraqi Shiite fighters from the Saraya al-Salam are transported on the back of a vehicle as they leave Baghdad for the city of Samarra to fight against ISIS on March 15 , 2015 . Photo by Sabah Arar/AFP/Getty Images
The fall of Ramadi , the strategic center of Iraq 's Anbar province , does n't necessarily signal the triumph of ISIS , but it does mean that President Obama and various regional leaders can no longer dodge some uncomfortable choices .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi 's decision to let 3,000 Shiite militia men amass outside Ramadi to prevent ISIS from moving further eastward toward Baghdad ( and even possibly charging into the conquered city to battle the jihadists head-on ) is the clearest sign yet that there is no longer a viable Iraqi army . Its ranks have been whittled away by corruption , incompetence , sparse pay , and lack of allegiance to the Baghdad government .
Obama and their top generals have warned Abadi not to rely so heavily on Shiite militias , which are controlled by Iran . In the battle for Tikrit in March—in which ISIS forces were ousted by a coalition of Iraqi soldiers , Sunni militias , Shiite militias , Kurdish peshmerga , and U.S. bombing runs—American commanders threatened to withhold their air power unless the offensive was led by Iraqi soldiers and no Iranians were on the battlefield . The players complied ( though they still quarrel over which faction was responsible for the victory ) .
But in Ramadi , where Iraqi troops and Sunni militias swiftly folded under fire , the pretense wo n't hold . Shiite militias , mainly the Badr forces , will lead the way by default , and Obama will have to decide whether to hold back , out of some principle , or hold their nose and send in the smart bombs .
Before deciding what to do about Ramadi , Obama—or any other leader with a stake in the fight—first has to decide what outcome they prefer . Since all plausible outcomes are lousy , this means deciding which outcome sickens them the least .
Obama and the leaders of every nation in the region want to see ISIS crushed or contained . But they 've gone about it half-heartedly because they dread the side effects of doing it with gusto . ISIS is as strong as it is , only because its leaders know and exploit its foes ' dilemmas .
For instance , one potent way of fighting ISIS would be to energize and unify the armies of Iran , Turkey , Syria , and the Kurds . These are the forces that fear ISIS the most and could fight it most effectively . But there are serious obstacles to forming this alliance . The United States and the Sunnis in the region ( including Turkey , the Kurds , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Jordan , and the Gulf States ) do not want to help Iran expand its influence . Nor do they want to bolster Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria ; in fact , they want to see Assad toppled ( preferably by the U.S. military , so they do n't have to bother ) . Meanwhile , the Turks do n't want to let the Kurds swell with too much swagger . Finally , ISIS itself is a Sunni organization ; it has thrived , especially in Iraq , by co-opting local Sunni tribes , whose leaders fear domination by Shiites ( including Iraq 's Shiite-led government ) even more . To beat ISIS requires neutralizing its sectarian appeal , and that means driving a wedge between the ISIS jihadists and their less militant Sunni enablers . But a coalition that includes Iran or Syria might push Sunnis more firmly into ISIS 's corner—and might keep such Sunni-led nations as Turkey , the Gulf States , and Saudi Arabia from joining the alliance to begin with .
Analysts have noted that mobilizing Shiite militias to fight ISIS in Ramadi would intensify sectarian tensions . This is true , but every option that involves fighting ISIS would intensify sectarian tensions . The real question is which options stand a chance of hurting ISIS the most while sharpening sectarian tensions the least . Or , from the standpoint of the United States and the anti-ISIS leaders in the region : Which options might hurt ISIS the most while raising the specter of side effects—the expansion of Iranian influence , the swelling of Kurdish separatism , the bolstering of Assad 's regime—the least ?
A more basic question : How would these leaders rank the range of outcomes , including “ ISIS wins , ” “ Iran controls southern Iraq , ” “ Assad survives , ” “ Assad is overthrown ” ( but by whom ? ) , and the rest ? Which outcomes are intolerable , which are merely disgraceful , and could the leaders live with some of the latter in order to preclude the former ?
“ Assad survives ” is probably the biggest nonstarter , not least because they may be on the verge of falling . One word from President Vladimir Putin or Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and Assad would be gone . The challenge is to give Putin or Khamenei an incentive to pull the plug . Secretary of State John Kerry 's recent meeting with Putin in Sochi was held , in part , to explore possible terms of such an arrangement . The handshake must have been unpleasant , maybe even disgraceful , but if it leads to the ouster of Assad , which in turn would prod the Turks and Saudis to crack down harder on ISIS , it would have been worth the nausea .
The Middle East is a mess—the product , in part , of the post–Cold War disintegration of borders that were imposed by colonial powers nearly 100 years ago in the wake of World War I . The rise of ISIS , its ability to thrive even though it 's surrounded by powerful nations that dread its aspirations , is a symptom of this mess .
Those who believe that Obama caused these troubles , or that they can be solved by a few thousand American ground troops , are so naive and shallow that we can only hope that none of them wins the White House or advises the candidate who does . For one thing , “ a few thousand ground troops , ” in fact , means many more : They would need air support ( including transport planes and helicopters ) , bases , supply convoys , and a headquarters , plus additional troops to protect the troops , bases , convoys , and headquarters .
For another , what are these troops supposed to do ? And which would have the larger effect—the additional firepower that they could bring to bear against ISIS or the additional recruits that ISIS could rally to kill Americans in the name of jihad ?
Logistics , intelligence , airstrikes to help local anti-ISIS forces on the ground—this is what the United States can best offer . Officers and analysts on the ground say that airstrikes terrify many ISIS fighters , who tend to attack in swarms , which provide concentrated targets for a bomb . These sources confirm a report in the New York Times that ISIS launched its crucial attack on Ramadi during a major sandstorm , when pilots ( of airplanes or drones ) could not have seen its movements on the ground below .
But even in clear weather , airstrikes alone are n't sufficient . ISIS mingles with the locals ( in some cases , they are the locals ) , making it hard for pilots to distinguish friends ( or neutral innocents ) from foes . Ground assaults are needed , too—by other locals , who are more likely to speak the language , understand the situation , and wrest away the allegiance of those in the ISIS 's grip or sway .
ISIS is n't that mighty . It apparently took control of Ramadi with 400 fighters . The surrounding nations could easily rid the region of this gnatlike pestilence if they overrode their short-term fears with their long-term interests . This is easier said than done , of course . But there is no other solution .
U.S. President Donald J. Trump is a “ Good Samaritan ” who is “ giving a voice to the silent ” , a former Archbishop of Canterbury has said .
Lord Carey , who was the most senior cleric in the Church of England from 1991 to 2002 , said Mr. Trump had promised to support the “ wounded and helpless left behind by the elite ” , adding : “ Many will recoil at the identification of Donald Trump as the Good Samaritan but why not , why not ? ”
Speaking at the Oxford Literary Festival , Lord Carey said : “ Is it not true that we have wounded and left-behind communities passed by by the elite , who are too distracted and busy with their own agendas , too busy to look over to see someone in distress ?
“ And intervention that makes a difference is from a totally unexpected source , the Samaritan , the outsider from a despised sect in Israel . ”
The Times reports that they also said Mr. Trump was offering Americans more than just empty words : “ Help is not merely kind words . It is the promise of ongoing support . ”
The former Archbishop of Canterbury did say , however , that had they been American they would never have voted for Mr. Trump “ in a million years but I would have found it quite difficult to vote for Hillary Clinton ” .
“ What the American election and our Brexit revealed was the same distrust of political leadership , the same desire for a new deal and a deep desire to recover our country , ” Lord Carey said .
Their comments are in stark contrast to other Anglican leaders .
In January , Archbishop of York John Sentamu criticised the U.S. president 's travel ban , saying it was “ extraordinary ” any civilised country would do such a thing .
“ There is a valid question as to whether Christians , Yazidis and other religious minorities in the Middle East have so far had adequate access to such protection , ” they said .
“ However a blanket ban on any individual group is bound to undermine the fundamental principles of asylum . In Christ , we are called to welcome the stranger especially when in desperate need . ”
A city council committee has given its approval to a major upgrade of the ethical conduct policy for council members , which includes new rules for accepting gifts .
Under the direction of ethics advisor Alice Woolley , several existing policies are being brought under the umbrella of a single ethical conduct policy .
It 's still a relatively new concept for city council .
Mayor Naheed Nenshi told reporters on Tuesday that the existing policy was developed after they were elected mayor in 2010 .
`` It was very , very important for me to do it in my first term because I was shocked that council did n't have a code , '' said Nenshi .
It included a real estate and financial disclosure for the elected members . But Nenshi always considered it a first draft
Last December , Woolley requested that council allows them to develop a revised policy .
They were concerned the current policy was unclear on some questions , not comprehensive and was n't co-ordinated with other city policies .
Them hope is that the revised policy will provide better direction to elected officials .
`` So it 's not quite one-stop shopping , but it should be something which at least gives you a road map for where you have to look next , '' Woolley said .
Plan to declare all gifts
One of the key changes from current policies relates to gifts that council members can accept .
Currently , elected officials can accept gifts , and if they 're over $ 150 in value , they must be publicly disclosed .
The proposed changes spell out whom gifts can be accepted from and that gifts must be disclosed regardless of their value .
That disclosure must include a description or picture of the gift .
Nenshi said the ethics advisor felt there `` might be too many loopholes '' in the existing policy so this will tighten up the gift rules .
New gifts policy has pros and cons
Coun . Ward Sutherland said dropping the dollar value threshold for reporting will mean some benefits but could create other problems .
`` We were spending a significant time , staff time , trying to figure out how much things cost , '' said Sutherland .
But they wonder if the new policy could be seen as arbitrary if there is n't a verifiable value to an item .
Woolley said no one should be spending time searching the value of a gift unless it 's readily found .
They said the main point is the disclosure of the gift itself , and it frees up council members from labouring over a search for the value of something .
The new policy spells out that any violations are to be reported to the city 's integrity commissioner , Allen Sulatycky , who will investigate the complaints .
The city 's integrity and ethics office proposes to undertake an annual review of the ethical conduct policy for council members to ensure that it stays current .
With the approval at council 's priorities and finance committee on Tuesday , city council as a whole will examine the amended rules later this month .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
According to a new report from Der Spiegel on the National Security Agency 's top team of hackers , the agency intercept electronics purchased online before delivery to install malware and other spying tools .
The NSA 's Tailored Access Operations ( TAO ) division is responsible for the biggest hacks we 've learned about in the last year , so Der Spiegel 's report is a special look at the methods and madness behind the NSA 's all-star team . When a world leader 's cell phone is hacked by the NSA , the TAO team is responsible . They 're the hackers who can access anyone , anywhere , under any condition .
TAO hackers can track your digital movements remotely by exploiting security flaws in an operating system , like Windows , for example . ( It 's a TAO favorite . ) But when new-fangled remote access hacking strategies do n't work , though , the NSA goes old school . The agency 's most-skilled team of hackers does not always work from behind a computer screen . Occasionally a target must be physically intercepted before the NSA can access their information . In these instances , TAO waits for the target to order new electronics . When their surveillance system alerts that Target X just bought a new laptop , the TAO intercepts the mail order , and has the computer delivered to an NSA facility . They then open the package , and install their malware technology onto the target 's new computer . The product is then repackaged and sent along its merry way :
If a target person , agency or company orders a new computer or related accessories , for example , TAO can divert the shipping delivery to its own secret workshops . The NSA calls this method interdiction . At these so-called `` load stations , '' agents carefully open the package in order to load malware onto the electronics , or even install hardware components that can provide backdoor access for the intelligence agencies . All subsequent steps can then be conducted from the comfort of a remote computer . These minor disruptions in the parcel shipping business rank among the `` most productive operations '' conducted by the NSA hackers , one top secret document relates in enthusiastic terms . This method , the presentation continues , allows TAO to obtain access to networks `` around the world . ''
And you wondered why your Amazon order took so long . Of course , you have to be on the NSA 's target list already in order for this to happen . They do n't just indiscriminately intercept every laptop sold on Amazon .
As a comprehensive directory of biopunk and DIYbio resources , this list is continiously updated . New items are marked with a icon . If you would like to suggest an addition , please send an email to the address listed at the bottom of this page .
You may enjoy the complementary cyberpunk directory as well .
Updated : 4 June 2013
What is Biopunk ?
http : //maradydd.livejournal.com/496085.html
http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biopunk
BioBricks
http : //biobricks.org/
Biocurious ( Lab )
http : //biocurious.org/
Biocurious ( Blog )
http : //biocurious.com/
Biohackers LA ( Lab )
http : //biohackers.la/
BioHacklab
http : //bio.tmplab.org/
Bioprotocols
http : //www.sciclips.com/sciclips/bio-protocols.do
Biopunk
http : //biopunk.hu/
Biopunk Discussion Forums
http : //www.biopunk.org/
Biopunk Manifesto
http : //www.biopunk.org/maradydd-s-biopunk-manifesto-t336.html
http : //maradydd.livejournal.com/496085.html
Cyberpunked : Journal of Science , Technology , & Society
http : //www.cyberpunked.org/
The Dark Laboratory
http : //thedarklaboratory.blogspot.com/
DIYbio
http : //diybio.org/
DIYbio News ( OWW )
http : //openwetware.org/wiki/DIYbio/FAQ # Has_DIYbio_been_in_the_news.3F
Genspace ( Lab )
http : //genspace.org/
Hackteria
http : //hackteria.org/
Medgadget ( Blog )
http : //www.medgadget.com/
MIT Registry of Standard Biological Parts
http : //partsregistry.org/wiki/index.php/Main_Page
OpenPCR
http : //openpcr.org/
http : //kck.st/c3jXY1
OpenWetWare
http : //openwetware.org/wiki/Main_Page
Our Biotech Future
http : //www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2007/jul/19/our-biotech-future/
Protocol Online
http : //www.protocol-online.org/
Synthetic Biology Primer ( OWW )
http : //openwetware.org/images/3/3d/SB_Primer_100707.pdf
Synthetic Biology Project
http : //www.synbioproject.org/
Facebook Page
http : //www.facebook.com/DIYbio
Internet Relay Chat
irc : //irc.esper.net/biopunk
irc : //irc.freenode.net/biopunk
Twitter
http : //twitter.com/diybio
http : //twitter.com/biopunk
Biohacking : An Overview
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wD5ZwMTi2rU
Biopunk Manifesto
http : //vimeo.com/18201825
http : //artsci.ucla.edu/videos/outlaw_biology/OB5_Meredith_Patterson/
Do-It-Yourself Biology ( MITworld )
http : //mitworld.mit.edu/video/646
The Implications of Synthetic Biology ( MITworld )
http : //mitworld.mit.edu/video/363
Introduction to Biology ( MITocw )
http : //ocw.mit.edu/courses/biology/7-012-introduction-to-biology-fall-2004/
Molecular Movies
http : //www.molecularmovies.com/
Programming DNA
http : //vimeo.com/18201463
http : //events.ccc.de/congress/2007/Fahrplan/events/2329.en.html
The Editor
Biopunk ( a portmanteau word synthesizing `` biotechnology '' and `` punk '' ) is a term used to describe : 1 . A hobbyist who experiments with DNA and other aspects of genetics . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] 2 . A techno-progressive movement advocating open access to genetic information . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] 3 . A science fiction genre that focuses on biotechnology and subversives . [ 5 ]
Biohacker
Biopunk is a synonym for biohacker , a term used to describe a hobbyist who experiments with DNA and other aspects of genetics . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] A biohacker is similar to a computer hacker who creates and modifies computer software or computer hardware as a hobby ( i.e. , `` wetware hacker '' ) , but should not be confused with a bioterrorist , whose sole intent is the deliberate release of viruses , bacteria , or other germs used to cause illness or death in people , animals , or plants ( in the same way a computer hacker should not be confused with the more popular , yet erroneous , use of the term , describing someone who spreads computer viruses or breaks into computers systems for malicious purposes ) . [ 6 ] Some promoters [ who ? ] and critics [ who ? ] of biohacking argue that -- using a laptop computer , published gene sequence information , and mail-order synthetic DNA -- just about anyone has the potential to construct genes or entire genomes from scratch . However , this is not known to have occurred as of January 2007 . [ 7 ]
Movement
The biopunk movement is a small intellectual and cultural movement , which encompasses a growing number of scientists , artists , and cultural critics who are organizing to create public awareness of how genomic information , produced by bioinformatics , gets used and misused . On the basis of a presumed parallel between genetic and computational code , science journalist Annalee Newitz has called for open-sourcing of genomic databases and declared that `` Free our genetic data ! '' is the rallying cry of the biopunk . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Biological Innovation for Open Society is an example of an open-source initiative in biotechnology aiming to apply open license for biological innovation . [ 8 ]
Self-described `` transgenic artist '' Eduardo Kac uses biotechnology and genetics to create provocative works that concomitantly revel in scientific techniques and critique them . In what is likely their most famous work , Alba , Kac collaborated with a French laboratory to procure a green-fluorescent rabbit : a rabbit implanted with a green fluorescent protein gene from a type of jellyfish in order for the rabbit to fluoresce green under ultraviolet light . [ 3 ] The members of the Critical Art Ensemble have written books and staged multimedia performance interventions around this issue , including The Flesh Machine ( focusing on in vitro fertilisation , surveillance of the body , and liberal eugenics ) and Cult of the New Eve ( analyzing the pseudoreligious discourse around new reproductive technologies ) . [ 9 ] New School associate professor Eugene Thacker leads the Biotech Hobbyist collective and has written extensively on the field . [ 10 ] [ not in citation given ]
Biologist , speculative-fiction author , and self-described biopunk , Meredith L. Patterson is known for their work on yogurt bacteria within the DIYbio community , as well as being the author of `` A Biopunk Manifesto '' , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] which they delivered at the UCLA Center for Society and Genetics ' symposium , `` Outlaw Biology ? Public Participation in the Age of Big Bio '' . This manifesto is modeled after `` A Cypherpunk Manifesto '' by Eric Hughes , which states the goals of the cypherpunk movement . The influence of the cypherpunks ( a cyberpunk derivative like the biopunk subculture ) on the biopunk community does not end there ; Patterson 's husband and long-time collaborator Len Sassaman was a cypherpunk contemporary of Hughes . Patterson and Sassaman have worked together on a number of biohacking projects and heavily promoted the continued legality of citizen science , both on moral and practical grounds . [ 13 ] [ 14 ]
The biopunk movement is also a political movement . Some members have been jailed for their work with harmless microbes , such as artist and activist Steve Kurtz . [ citation needed ]
Science fiction
Biopunk science fiction is a subgenre of cyberpunk fiction that portrays the underground side of the `` biotech revolution '' that , in the 1990s and 2000s , was expected to begin having a profound impact on humanity in the first half of the 21st century . Biopunk stories explore the struggles of individuals or groups , often the product of human experimentation , against a backdrop of totalitarian governments or megacorporations which misuse biotechnologies as means of social control or profiteering . Unlike cyberpunk , it builds not on information technology , but on synthetic biology . Like in postcyberpunk fiction , individuals are usually modified and enhanced not with cyberware , but by genetic manipulation . [ 5 ] A common feature of biopunk fiction is the `` black clinic '' , which is a laboratory , clinic , or hospital that performs illegal , unregulated , or ethically-dubious biological modification and genetic engineering procedures . [ 15 ] Many features of biopunk fiction have their roots in William Gibson 's Neuromancer , one of the first cyberpunk novels . [ 16 ]
One of the prominent writers in this field is Paul Di Filippo , though they called their collection of such stories ribofunk , with the first element being taken from the term ribosome . [ 17 ]
The 1969 novel The Andromeda Strain shares many elements with later biopunk fiction , though lacking the dystopian view of society underpinning most books representative of the cyberpunk genre . [ citation needed ]
from Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
U.S. scientists led by Prof Genhong Cheng of the University of California Los Angeles have identified a natural protein with broad virus-fighting properties that could be used against deadly pathogenic viruses such as HIV , Ebola , Rift Valley Fever , Nipah and others .
Their study , published in the journal Immunity , describes the novel antiviral property of cholesterol-25-hydroxylase ( CH25H ) , an enzyme that converts cholesterol to an oxysterol called 25-hydroxycholesterol ( 25HC ) , which can permeate a cell 's wall and block a virus from getting in .
“ Interestingly , the CH25H enzyme is activated by interferon , an essential antiviral cell-signaling protein produced in the body , ” said co-author Su-Yang Liu , a student at the Department of microbiology , immunology and molecular genetics at the UCLA 's David Geffen School of Medicine . “ Antiviral genes have been hard to apply for therapeutic purposes because it is difficult to express genes in cells . CH25H , however , produces a natural , soluble oxysterol that can be synthesized and administered . Also , our initial studies showing that 25HC can inhibit HIV growth in vivo should prompt further study into membrane-modifying cholesterols that inhibit viruses . ”
“ The discovery is particularly relevant to efforts to develop broad-spectrum antivirals against an increasing number of merging viral pathogens . ”
The researchers initially found that 25HC dramatically inhibited HIV in cell cultures . Next , they administered 25HC in mice implanted with human tissues and found that it significantly reduced their HIV load within seven days . The 25HC also reversed the T-cell depletion caused by HIV .
By contrast , mice that had the CH25H gene knocked out were more susceptible to a mouse gammaherpes virus .
The team then found that 25HC inhibited HIV entry into the cell . Furthermore , in cell cultures , it was found to inhibit the growth of other deadly viruses , such as Ebola , Nipah and the Rift Valley Fever virus .
“ Intriguingly , CH25H expression in cells requires interferon . While interferon has been known for more than 60 years to be a critical part of the body 's natural defense mechanism against viruses , the protein itself does not have any antiviral properties . Rather , it triggers the expression of many antiviral genes . ”
“ While other studies have identified some antiviral genes that are activated by interferon , this research gives the first description of an interferon-induced antiviral oxysterol through the activation of the enzyme CH25H . It provides a link to how interferon can cause inhibition of viral membrane fusion , ” Liu said .
______
Bibliographic information : Su-Yang Liu et al . 2012 . Interferon-Inducible Cholesterol-25-Hydroxylase Broadly Inhibits Viral Entry by Production of 25-Hydroxycholesterol . Immunity , volume 38 , issue 1 , 92-105 ; doi : 10.1016/j.immuni.2012.11.005
1 . Kansas State : so close to both 6-0 and 4-2 .
The chances of a college kicker missing field goals of 22 , 41 , and 42 yards , like Kansas State 's Jack Cantele did against Auburn earlier this year , are about 0.7 percent .
The chances of a college kicker missing a 19-yarder , a 32-yarder , and an extra point , like Oklahoma 's Michael Hunnicutt did against K-State on Saturday , are about 0.02 percent .
That they happened has defined the Wildcats ' season to date . Without Cantele 's struggles against Auburn , the Wildcats likely beat the Tigers and sit undefeated in the nation 's top five at the moment . Without Hunnicutt 's out-of-nowhere problems on Saturday , KSU is 4-2 and barely holding onto a top-25 ranking .
But what happened , happened , and our idea of a two- or three-team Big 12 race was blown to bits on Saturday .
Kansas State did plenty of things well . The Wildcats averaged 7.0 yards per play against an Oklahoma defense that was considered elite just a few weeks ago . Jake Waters completed 65 percent of their passes at 15.0 yards per completion and set up a score with a 53-yard run . Tyler Lockett had a huge first half and finished with six catches for 86 yards . Fullback Glenn Gronkowski helped KSU halfbacks average 5.6 yards per carry and took a pop pass 62 yards for a touchdown . Corner Danzel McDaniel had both a pick-six and a pair of tackles for loss .
Still , this game was defined by all the same things that defined KSU 's loss to Auburn , right down to Oklahoma 's killer turnovers and missed kicks . McDaniel had the easiest touchdown of their life when Oklahoma combined a confusing play call ( wide throw from the far hash from the 1-yard line ) with poor route running from Durron Neal ; McDaniel simply stepped in the way and walked two steps into the end zone . Neal later threw a misguided interception into the other end zone on a trick play gone wrong . Oklahoma snapped the ball 23 more times than KSU and therefore outgained the Wildcats , 533-385 , but nearly unthinkable Sooner mistakes both took points off of their portion of the scoreboard and added to the Wildcats ' total .
In terms of computer rankings , Kansas State is still a distant fourth in the Big 12 behind Oklahoma , Baylor , and TCU . But only one team is still undefeated in Big 12 play . Granted , KSU still has to play at TCU on November 8 and at Baylor on December 6 ; throw in a November 20 trip to Morgantown , and KSU has a schedule that features visits to the top four teams in the conference not named Kansas State . Not even Bill Snyder is likely to pull off the wizardry , and place-kicker jinxitude necessary to remain undefeated the rest of the way .
Last week , in projecting the Big 12 race , I said this :
The job of Week 8 in the Big 12 seems to be determining whether we really do have a three-team race on our hands , whether it 's going to end up Baylor vs. Oklahoma as we surmised a couple of months ago , or whether KSU or OSU still has a chance at a darkhorse run . That makes it an elimination week of sorts .
Until or unless KSU loses a couple of times , we 've now got ourselves a four-way conference title race . Hell , until WVU loses again , it might be a five-way race . ( Since I still think OU finishes 7-2 , I 'm counting the Sooners as contenders despite the 2-2 start . And despite only one conference loss , OSU is not a contender . ) This probably does not bode well for the Big 12 's Playoff chances -- if KSU loses again , Baylor loses at Oklahoma , and TCU loses at either WVU or Texas , everybody in the conference will have at least two losses -- but it makes for some serious entertainment .
The conference that features the highest percentage of spread-'em-out offenses and 180-play tempofests might also go right down to the wire in determining its champion . And that champion might again be Kansas State .
Auburn game aside , by the way , KSU is seven-for-eight kicking field goals this season . Take out Saturday , and Hunnicutt is eight-for-nine . College kickers , man .
2 . TCU is real .
Just in case you still thought TCU 's win over Oklahoma was an upset , and just in case you still were n't a believer after witnessing a near-win in Waco and a top-five appearance in the F/+ ratings , the Horned Frogs went out and gave you one more reason to believe .
They absolutely smoked Oklahoma State , 42-9 , in a game that may have been even more lopsided than the score . TCU outgained the 'Pokes by a 676-258 margin , allowing 169 yards ( 6.3 per play ) on three field goal drives and 89 yards ( 2.4 ) the rest of the way . OSU 's Daxx Garman : 10-for-25 for 132 yards , two interceptions , and two sacks . TCU 's Trevone Boykin : 26-for-39 , 410 yards , three touchdowns , one pick , two sacks . Receiver Josh Doctson ( seven catches , 225 yards ) nearly outgained OSU by himself .
It takes us a while to believe our eyes sometimes . Preconceptions are tough to overcome . But after two years of dreadful offense , TCU is either elite or nearly elite on both sides of the ball and special teams . Out of nowhere , Boykin has become one of the nation 's most efficient quarterbacks ; B.J . Catalon heads a deep running game , and Doctson , a Wyoming transfer , is the leader of an even deeper receiving corps . And of course , the TCU defense is still the TCU defense .
With its remaining slate , TCU probably has the best chance of anybody in the league to win out . The Frogs must head to Morgantown in two weeks after a home date with Texas Tech . Plus , a visit from Kansas State and a trip to a slowly improving Texas squad are n't gimmes . But with Oklahoma 's and Baylor 's losses and Kansas State 's tough schedule , you could make a pretty strong case that TCU is now your Big 12 favorite .
Just like everybody predicted in August .
3 . Baylor dares you .
Phil Bennett served as Bill Snyder 's defensive coordinator from 1999-2001 ; the 1999 defense may have been KSU at its aggressive best . The Wildcats were intimidating , allowing 41 points to Nebraska and 123 points to the other 11 teams on the schedule .
Snyder 's defenses are a little bit more of the bend-don't-break variety , but Bennett is in Waco , trying to craft an even faster , more aggressive Baylor defense . When it works , it 's vicious . SMU and Northwestern State combined to average 2.2 yards per play , and Baylor held six opponents ( including Texas ) under 4.0 yards per play last year .
The Bears do n't give you anything easy ; they also toe the line between what is and is n't legal . And if you want to know why they are perceived to have a bit of a problem away from home , it 's because that line tends to lean a bit toward the home team . Baylor basically tells officials , `` I dare you to call everything we do . ''
And about once a year , the officials take them up on it . In last season 's Fiesta Bowl , Baylor was called for 17 penalties for 135 yards . And on Saturday in Morgantown , the Bears were flagged an incredible 18 times for 215 yards .
Throw in 14 WVU penalties for 138 yards , and you had a game that seemed exciting in the box score but was nearly impossible to watch live . West Virginia generated as many first downs through penalties as Baylor did through passing .
The Bears were flagged six times for pass interference -- five times on three drives that generated 17 points -- and when they stopped getting flagged for it , they also stopped playing pass defense . Probably not a coincidence . West Virginia 's Clint Trickett completed 16 of their first 26 passes for 188 yards , a touchdown , an interception , and three sacks ( yards per attempt including sacks : 5.5 ) . On the Mountaineers ' final three possessions , however , they were 7-for-9 for 134 and two scores ( 14.9 ) .
Neither team could run the ball very well . Baylor 's Shock Linwood and Devin Chafin carried 28 times for just 100 yards ( 3.6 per carry ) while WVU 's Wendell Smallwood , Dreamius Smith , and Andrew Buie gained 150 yards in 42 carries ( 3.6 ) . Meanwhile , each team 's pass rush found quite a bit of success . Baylor sacked Trickett three times in 38 attempts ( a healthy 7.9 percent sack rate ) , and WVU sacked Bryce Petty four times in 40 attempts ( 10.0 percent ) , briefly knocking them out of the game . The Mountaineers were able to hurry Petty enough that they rendered the Baylor pass inefficient despite personnel issues at cornerback . Antwan Goodley caught just nine of 19 passes for 132 yards , KD Cannon caught one of four for 10 , and Levi Norwood caught one of four for four . Only Corey Coleman ( 5-of-7 , 77 yards ) had an efficient day .
Both quarterbacks were harried and rushed , but Trickett and WVU were able to take shots downfield , and while few of the shots resulted in completions , refs had no problem flagging Baylor 's handsy downfield coverage . It 's not hard to say it made the difference .
In 2013 , Baylor was penalized 9.2 times per game at 9.0 yards per penalty ; thus far in 2014 , it 's 10.9 per game and 9.6 yards per penalty . Saturday exacerbated that trend , but Baylor 's averages were already rising . It probably goes without saying that your view of the officiating in this game , and in Baylor games in general , is probably driven by your rooting interest .
@ SBN_BillC 1 of the four was even legit . How about we get play by the rules , that would work . — BaylorScout Tim ( @ TimWatkins04 ) October 18 , 2014
@ SBN_BillC I 've been saying that all year . They 're a PI factory so long as refs are calling games correctly . — Gabriel Alcocer ( @ UTweeHorn ) October 18 , 2014
@ SBN_BillC Yup , thats why they got exposed when they played UCF , they called a normal game , big12 refs are already jaded by BU 's PI 's — Hector ( @ airTTU ) October 18 , 2014
Regardless , refs took Baylor 's dare , and Baylor is now 6-1 because of it .
Meanwhile , West Virginia has suffered competitive losses to Alabama and Oklahoma and beaten Baylor . I do n't think the Mountaineers will still be in contention for the conference title in a few weeks or anything , but this has been one hell of an unexpected bounceback campaign for the Mountaineers . You could sort of see TCU coming if you squinted ; the Mountaineers came out of nowhere to start 5-2 .
Fighting has broken out at a ‘ Unite the Right ' rally in Charlottesville , Virginia between right-wing protesters demonstrating against the removal of a Confederate-era statue from Emancipation Park , and counter demonstrators .
READ MORE : Virginia 's Charlottesville braces for protests over Confederate monument
To Unite the Right rally aims to “ unify the right-wing against a totalitarian Communist crackdown ” and “ affirm the right of Southerners and white people to organize for their interests just like any other group is able to do . ”
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 12 , 2017
Our country encourages freedom of speech , but let 's communicate w/o hate in our hearts . No good comes from violence . # Charlottesville — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) August 12 , 2017
Police have declared a state of emergency in downtown Charlottesville , amid fears of escalating violence .
Clashes have started . Keep in mind , the rally does n't start officially until noon . # charlottesville # rallypic.twitter.com/DswIVyE6RB — Craig Stanley ( @ _CraigStanley ) August 12 , 2017
Fights breaking out . Pepper spray in the air # Charlottesvillepic.twitter.com/xWizCxArC0 — Christopher Mathias ( @ letsgomathias ) August 12 , 2017
Here is a copy of today 's emergency declaration regarding the rally at Emancipation Park # cvilleaug12pic.twitter.com/TOdXkhjuXK — Charlottesville City ( @ CvilleCityHall ) August 12 , 2017
Governor McAuliffe has declared a state of emergency to aid state response to violence at Alt-Right rally in Charlottesville — Terry McAuliffe ( @ GovernorVA ) August 12 , 2017
Saturday 's demonstration was organized by Jason Kessler , a former Daily Caller writer and activist , to protest against the removal of the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from Emancipation Park .
The park used to be named Lee Park , after the Confederate general , but Charlottesville City Council voted to change its name in June .
Authorities are on high alert after a protest at the University of Virginia on Friday night saw counter-protesters surrounded by so-called ‘ alt-right ' demonstrators carrying torches .
Clash between protesters and counterprotesters . Police says `` We 'll not intervene until given command to do so . '' # Charlottesvillepic.twitter.com/UkRDlNn2mv — ACLU of Virginia ( @ ACLUVA ) August 12 , 2017
The national socialist movement and others heading east on Market street . pic.twitter.com/hk6eD2Tfr3 — Allison Wrabel ( @ craftypanda ) August 12 , 2017
Riot police assembled just off of E. Jefferson St. pic.twitter.com/cxEgKIpFTd — C-VILLE Weekly ( @ cvillenews_desk ) August 12 , 2017
Counterprotesters are throwing water balloons filled with pink paint at white nationalists - as seen on this police car pic.twitter.com/4GZ54Ho1yZ — Ned Oliver ( @ nedoliver ) August 12 , 2017
National guard prepares as local emergency as been declared in # Charlottesville for # UniteTheRightpic.twitter.com/KipCK5IHpQ — NBC29 ( @ NBC29 ) August 12 , 2017
Efforts to move the protest to McIntire Park were quashed when a judge ruled Friday that it could go ahead at Emancipation Park .
Protest organizer Kessler is described as a white nationalist by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Charlottesville police nowhere to be found . Speakers not allowed to enter into speaking area # UniteTheRighthttps : //t.co/bsMC0UsUUT — Jason Kessler ( @ TheMadDimension ) August 12 , 2017
White nationalist and ‘ alt-right ' speakers expected at to Unite the Right event include Richard Spencer , Mike Enoch and Augustus Invictus . According to Kessler , “ speakers [ are ] not allowed to enter into speaking area . ”
Meanwhile , Virginia House Democrats have released a statement condemning the rally .
“ As the former mayor of this beautiful , inclusive and progressive community , I am saddened that our city may draw thousands who would come here to sow division and hate , ” House Democratic Leader David Toscano said .
“ The alt-right agenda has been brought to Charlottesville by people who are neither from our community nor who represent its values . We will strive to ensure the day does not erupt into violence , and we will redouble our efforts to remain civically engaged so that darkness does not obscure our light . ”
With inflation spiraling out of control , food and medicine supplies dwindling and violent crimes on the rise , women as young as 27 are seeking out surgeons to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
A study by PLAFAM , the biggest family planning clinic in the country , estimates that about 23 percent more Venezuelan women are being sterilized today as compared to four years ago , said the clinic 's director , Enrique Abache . “ The financial crisis is one of the main causes for this , ” they explained .
Years of government mismanagement have fueled what is now a full-blown humanitarian crisis in a country where infant mortality has almost doubled in recent years . A study of nearly 1,500 adults last year by a group of academic and social-service groups found that 87 percent of them lacked enough money to buy the food they needed .
“ It was n't a hard decision to make , ” said a recently sterilized mother of two , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the personal nature of the topic . “ It was the most feasible option … because of the country 's financial situation . ”
Pin Share 118 Shares
Stepwells have always fascinated me a lot . So when I came to know about one being present at Bhoga Nandeeshwara Temple it became a must-visit place for me . Located at a distance of 60kms from Bengaluru city , Nandi Hills is a very famous picnic spot for weekends . At the base of this hill is located the Bhoga Nandeeshwara Temple .
The Bhoga Nandeeshwara temple is recognized as a monument of national importance by the Archaeological Survey of India . The temple compound is quite vast and has well-maintained greenery . A good place to sit down and relax . The whole compound is an assembly of columns with shaded space , maybe it used to be a waiting place for the general public in the olden days .
The compound area is separated from the main temple by a narrow gateway . This is where you take off your shoes and proceed inside .
History of Bhoga Nandeeshwara Temple
The temple is believed to have been originally constructed by the Bana Queen Ratnavali . Later , the additions and extensions were built by the Ganga dynasty , Cholas , Hoysalas , Pallavas and finally the Vijayanagara kings .
Once inside the gates , you will be facing the Mahamantapa ( main hall ) a Vijayanagara empire era construction . The whole Mahamantapa is a series of colonnades leading to the two lingas . The temple is spread over a huge area and has two large shrines : the “ Arunachaleswara ” shrine to the south built by the Gangas of Talakad , and the “ Bhoga Nandeeshwara ” shrine to the north built by the Cholas . In between this two is a small intervening shrine called with “ Uma-Maheshwara ” shrine with a kalyana mantapa .
The phases of Lord Shiva
The “ Arunachaleswara ” and the “ Bhoga Nandeeshwara ” are forms of Shiva representing two stages in the life of the god Shiva : childhood and youth .
The “ Uma-Maheshwara ” shrine has reliefs depicting the third stage , Shiva 's marriage to the goddess Parvati . Hence this shrine is popular with newly-weds who come to seek blessings .
The last part of the temple is Pushkarni , the stepwell . The water is almost 15 steps down . The floor of the whole temple complex was amazingly cold and it gets colder here around the stepwell . Once here all you have to do is sit and enjoy the serenity .
Also read : Rock-cut temples of Mahabalipuram
The whole temple complex is a testimony of the brilliant Dravidian rock cut architecture . One of the most well-maintained temples I have seen till date . If you are planning a trip to Nandi hills then this beautiful temple is a must-visit .
The best possible bike buying advice you can take to heart is to set a budget for yourself , stick to it , and do n't go hopelessly into debt when it 's time to upgrade your mountain bike . Here on Singletracks we 're big fans of running what ya brung and focusing on the most important part of mountain biking : enjoying the ride !
However , I ca n't help thinking : “ what if I won the lottery ? What is the most expensive mountain bike that money could buy ? ” While I may need to start playing if I want to win , I realized that there was n't an exhaustive , accurate list of the most expensive mountain bikes in the world . So I decided to create one .
While of course you can break the bank by going fully-custom everything and adding over-the-top bling to your rig , to level the playing field I focused solely on non-custom , production mountain bikes with stock build kits . If you 're ordering off the shelf , here are the 9 most expensive mountain bikes to buy with your lottery winnings .
As best I can tell , there 's a three-way tie for the 7th , 8th , and 9th most expensive mountain bikes in the world , with all three of these models ringing in at $ 10,600 . We decided to cut this list off at 9 models because it turns out there is a large number of mountain bikes clustering around the $ 10,500 mark . So , we present to you the top 9 .
One of the models at the $ 10,600 price point is the renowned Yeti SB6 enduro rig with the top-end Turq carbon , kitted out with an XX1 1×12 Eagle drivetrain .
The SB6 rocks 6″ of suspension travel , provided by a top-of-the-line Fox 36 fork and a Fox Float X Evo rear shock . In addition to the blinged-out drivetrain , this model of the SB6 comes stock with 27.5″ ENVE M70 carbon Boost wheels .
Total bike weight : 28.8lbs
The SB5.5 is quite similar to the SB6 and is priced identically . The main difference ? The 5.5 has 5.5″ of travel ( shocker ) and 29″ wheels , vs 27.5″ on the SB6 .
The 5.5 features the same XX1 1×12 Eagle drivetrain , Turq carbon frame , and Fox suspension as the SB6 , as well as SRAM Guide RSC brakes . The 5.5 also sports carbon ENVE M70 wheels .
Total Bike Weight : 27.9lbs
Wait , a hardtail mountain bike for over $ 10,000 ? ! Yes , and this is n't even the most expensive hardtail on this list… keep reading !
The full-carbon teamelite 01 racing hardtail is spec'ed with a Shimano XTR Di2 drivetrain , Shimano XTR brakes , 100mm Fox Float 32 Factory fork , and carbon DT Swiss XRC 1200 wheels . While this is technically a hardtail , BMC 's unique frame offers some forgiveness thanks to a high tech elastomer softtail design . In their article from Interbike , Aaron explains it this way :
It uses what BMC calls MTT , or micro travel technology . Basically , there is an elastomer where the seat stays meet the seat tube that allows for a very small amount of rear wheel travel – up to 17mm . BMC includes three different durometers of the elastomer so riders can customize the feel to their liking . Swapping out the elastomer is done easily by removing two bolts .
Total Bike Weight : 20.25lbs ( with pedals )
Click to page 2 for more ultra-expensive mountain bikes !
This past Sunday morning , Devin Patrick Kelley walked into a small country church in the rural south Texas town of Sutherland Springs and shot nearly every single person in the building — brutally slaughtering 26 innocent men , women , and children , and critically injuring at least 20 others . Armed with an AR-15-style semi-automatic assault rifle , Kelley sprayed the congregation with at least 450 bullets , reloaded , then continued , reloaded , then continued some more , then reloaded again , and continued shooting . They went through 15 magazines of ammunition . Photo : Texas Department of Public Safety/Getty Images It immediately became the deadliest church shooting in the history of the United States and one of the deadliest mass shootings in our nation 's history . The attack came just a few weeks after another man , Stephen Paddock , armed with a nearly unstoppable arsenal of semi-automatic weapons , shot an unthinkable 546 people in Las Vegas — and killed 58 of them . Soon after that shooting , I wrote a column stating that white privilege in America is so strong that even Paddock , the deadliest single mass shooter in American history , was getting preferential treatment in death . Virtually any nonwhite shooter would have seen their story and their communities treated in a less preferential way . It 's happening again in Texas , but this time it might be worse . Kelley shot and killed multiple children . They shot and killed a pregnant woman . They killed senior citizens . The man had absolutely no regard for human life when they strapped on black tactical gear , loaded up rounds and rounds of ammunition , and walked straight into that church and rained down horror on that close-knit congregation . We had warning signs galore . We had warning signs galore . Kelley beat their first wife . While in the military , they assaulted their infant stepson so badly that they fractured the boy 's skull , having hit the child with what the Air Force said was “ a force likely to produce death or grievous bodily harm. ” The chief prosecutor in the case said that Kelley openly admitted to the abuses .
They served only 12 months in a military prison for what they did . To give that perspective , the rapper Meek Mill was just sentenced to two to four years in prison for violating their parole when they were ticketed for riding a dirt bike . I have a friend in prison right now serving several years for selling small amounts of weed to their friends . But Kelley fractured a child 's skull and got out in a year . After they were released , white privilege continued to protect them in case after case . Police were called on Kelley multiple times for abusing women . In 2013 , they were investigated for rape and sexual assault . After moving to Colorado , police were again called — this time for cruelty to animals , after Kelley was seen punching their dog in the head ; they were cited for a misdemeanor . Kelley was given break after break . We need to examine how that happens . A law enforcement official walks past the First Baptist Church of Sutherland Springs , the scene of a mass shooting on Nov. 5 , 2017 , in Sutherland Springs , Texas . Photo : Eric Gay/AP For the past six months , I 've spent nearly every waking moment of my life either in the Bronx or studying the New York City borough . I 've taken a deep dive into neighborhoods where families and children never get a second chance . If you break the law , you go to jail , then you go to prison , normally for a very long time . If you are even suspected of breaking the law , it does n't matter if you are a child or a grown man , you go to Rikers , where you may wait for months or even years just to see a judge . In the Bronx , mostly black and brown kids can spend years in jail or prison for crimes they never committed . White privilege not only protected Devin Kelley in life , it is protecting their name and their actions even in death . Somehow , these harsh circumstances of the American justice system were never really brought upon Kelley . They live in a universe altogether different than black and brown families in the Bronx – one in which they get a perpetual pass , or light sentences , for violence and intimidation . All the way back in 2012 , when they fractured their stepson 's skull , they were supposed to never be able to purchase a firearm again . But the Air Force claims they basically forgot to file the federal paperwork that would 've flagged Kelley in the system — ultimately allowing them to purchase the assault rifle and ammunition used in their rampage on Sunday . It was that same white privilege that allowed Kelley to post pictures of their AR-15 on Facebook , bragging about how awesome it was , without even a hint of fear of the ramifications of such a post on social media . The U.S. had already taught Kelley that they could pretty much say or do whatever the hell they felt like doing , and not have the full force of the law visited upon him . Had any Muslim man in America , particularly a Muslim man with a history of violence , posted pictures of themselves on social media with an AR-15 , best believe the feds would be knocking on their door . Like Paddock , white privilege not only protected Kelley in life , it is protecting their name and their actions even in death . Last week in New York , when a man was arrested in Manhattan for deliberately driving a rented Home Depot pickup truck over unsuspecting pedestrians , killing eight of them , President Donald Trump called the man , Sayfullo Saipov , a “ degenerate animal . ”
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed , and so badly wounded , the wonderful people on the West Side , was `` their soldier . '' … .. — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 3 , 2017
Image copyright AFP Image caption Many government-run schools in India suffer from the problem of absentee teachers
An Indian state school says one of its teachers has been absent for 23 years of their 24-year career .
Sangeeta Kashyap was recruited as a biology teacher in the central state of Madhya Pradesh in 1990 .
School authorities say they do not know when they were last paid a salary , but they are still listed as an employee .
State education officials told the BBC the teacher would be removed from their post . They are thought to have set an Indian record for staff absenteeism .
Ms Kashyap spent their first year teaching in a school in the town of Dewas , after which they took three years of leave .
In 1994 , they were transferred to a school in the city of Indore but then applied for maternity leave and has never turned up for work .
Letters sent by the school to their address have remained unanswered , Sushma Vaishya , principal of the Government Ahilya Ashram School in Indore , said .
An education department official said they had written to education authorities in the state capital , Bhopal , to have Ms Kashyap removed from their post .
`` I have no idea why nothing was done . We are writing to them again to remove her , '' Sanjay Goel told BBC Hindi 's Shuraih Niyaazi .
The school is allowed to have three biology teachers , but only two are filled - with the third held by the absentee teacher .
Correspondents say absenteeism is a pervasive problem in government-run schools in India .
A World Bank study in 2004 found that 25 % of teachers were absent from school , and only about half were present during unannounced visits to government primary schools .
Ms Kashyap 's whereabouts remain unknown and they have not commented on the reports about them in the Indian press .
It is also not clear why they did not return to work or if they have been working elsewhere - correspondents say the fact their post remained empty for so long says little for the competence of education officials .
More than 50 million eligible voters cast their ballots in Turkey 's local elections , amid corruption allegations and damaging security leaks that have shaken the 12-year rule of the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) government .
The municipal elections have become a crisis referendum on the rule of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , Turkey 's prime minister , and their religiously conservative AKP .
The party , which swept to power in 2002 on a platform of eradicating the corruption that blights Turkish life , hopes on Sunday to equal or better its overall 2009 vote of 38.8 percent .
Let 's give them [ political opponents ] an Ottoman slap . - Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , Turkey 's PM
Erdoğan has been crisscrossing the nation of 77 million during weeks of hectic campaigning to rally their conservative core voters , during which they temporarily lost their voice .
`` They are all traitors , '' Erdoğan said of their opponents at a rally in Istanbul , Turkey 's commercial capital and the most populated city , on Saturday .
`` Let them do what they want . Go to the ballot box tomorrow and teach all of them a lesson ... Let 's give them an Ottoman slap . ''
Erdoğan has purged thousands of people from the judiciary and police following the anti-corruption raids in December targeting business people close to Erdoğan and sons of ministers .
The prime minister said that those behind the investigations were trying to form a `` state within a state '' or “ parallel state ” , blaming the movement of Fethullah Gulen , the US-based Turkish cleric whose followers are apparently highly influential in Turkey 's police forces and judiciary . Many analysts say that the two sides used to be allies in the past in their struggle against Turkey 's politically dominant military .
Lira loses value
The uncertainty has taken its toll on the stock market and on the Turkish lira , which has lost four percent of its value this year . Many foreign and domestic investors are awaiting the elections and their aftermath before making decisions .
The main opposition Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) , portrays Erdoğan as a corrupt `` dictator '' ready to hang on to power by any means . Capture of the capital Ankara or Istanbul would allow them to claim some form of victory .
Erdoğan formed the AKP in 2001 , attracting nationalists and centre-right economic reformers as well as religious conservatives who form their base . Since their 2011 poll victory , they have in their statements , moved more towards these core supporters .
The corruption scandal , also involving anonymous Internet postings of tapped state communications implicating Erdoğan in corrupt actions they deny and media interventions they confirm , was all but eclipsed in recent days by the leaking of a recording of a top-level security meeting .
YouTube and Twitter blocked
In the recording , the intelligence chief , foreign minister and military commanders discussed possible armed intervention in Syria . The Turkish intelligence chief , Hakan Fidan , allegedly talked about staging a fake attack on Turkish soil in order to start an operation on Syria .
Turkey has blocked YouTube and Twitter , and has reportedly intercepted various Domain Name Systems after tens of leaks had been shared on the two online platforms .
It is unclear who recorded the meeting and posted it on YouTube - though officials point a finger at Gulen 's movement .
Erdoğan describes the movement as a terrorist organisation in an `` alliance of evil '' with major opposition parties .
Correction : An earlier version of this article mistakenly stated that Americans for Prosperity is backing Thom Tillis in the Republican primary for U.S. senator of North Carolina . This version has been corrected .
The fliers landed in the mailboxes of Republican voters here last week with a warning likely to unnerve many conservatives .
Thom Tillis , the Republican front-runner for a U.S. Senate seat , once called President Obama 's health-care law “ a great idea , ” the mailer said . The assertion echoed recent radio ads that also seem to question Tillis 's adherence to the orthodoxy of a party that has made its opposition to the Affordable Care Act a centerpiece of its midterm-election strategy .
But the warnings did n't come from any of the seven opponents Tillis will face in Tuesday 's GOP primary , where they have been regularly attacked as not conservative enough . Instead , they were paid for by Sen. Kay Hagan , a Democrat who will face the eventual GOP nominee in November .
Hagan supports the health-care law but they are taking the unusual step of spending money on advertisements designed to appeal to Republican voters who are skeptical of the measure . The maneuver is apparently intended to undermine enthusiasm in the GOP base for the Republican who is considered their strongest potential challenger in November .
In attacking a possible rival still embroiled in a primary contest , Hagan is embracing at least a variation of a tactic other vulnerable Democratic senators have used successfully in recent elections . Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( Nev. ) and Sen. Claire McCaskill ( Mo . ) , who initially faced difficult reelection odds in 2010 and 2012 , respectively , found ways to reach into GOP primaries and help weaker candidates emerge as their challengers .
View Graphic Election Lab : See our current forecast for every congressional race in 2014
If Tillis , 53 , does not exceed 40 percent of the vote in North Carolina 's Republican primary Tuesday , they will face a potentially costly and divisive runoff in July . Polls and interviews with strategists on both sides of the aisle suggest that Tillis is leading but could be close to hitting the 40 percent threshold . Their rivals include a Baptist minister with support from former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and a tea party favorite who appeared at a rally Monday with Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) .
Tillis , speaker of North Carolina 's GOP-led House , is popular among some conservatives for helping to guide a dramatic shift to the right in Raleigh over the past four years that has spawned mass demonstrations on the left .
A vocal critic of the health-care law , Tillis said Hagan is seeking to have an impact on Tuesday 's primary . During the February radio interview that has become the basis for Hagan 's attack ads , Tillis was highly critical of the measure before concluding that it was a “ great idea that ca n't be paid for ” — a quote they say was sarcasm that Hagan took out of context .
“ They 've meddled in the campaign . . . . They 'll be meddling in the campaign all the way to Tuesday . And if we have a runoff , they 'll be meddling again , ” Tillis said as they greeted Republicans arriving to vote early at a library in Charlotte on Saturday . “ They do not want to see me face off against Kay Hagan in November . ”
Democratic efforts to intervene in this year 's North Carolina GOP primary may be more difficult than they were in the Reid and McCaskill races . GOP allies have flooded the airwaves in North Carolina and other competitive states this year , determined to avoid the kinds of low-caliber general-election candidates blamed for denying the party a Senate majority in 2012 .
Republicans need to pick up six seats to win control of the Senate , where Democrats hold a 55 to 45 advantage and Vice President Biden has the constitutional authority to cast tie-breaking votes .
Polls suggest Hagan is one of the Senate 's most vulnerable Democrats , and any path to a GOP majority in the Senate is likely to go through North Carolina .
Groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads have spent millions in support of Tillis , who was elected speaker of the state House after Republicans won control of the chamber in 2010 . The National Rifle Association is backing Tillis , as are former Florida governor Jeb Bush and North Carolina Gov . Pat McCrory . Mitt Romney , the party 's presidential nominee in 2012 , endorsed Tillis on Monday .
Hagan , in an interview , brushed off the suggestion that they are trying to interfere with the Republican race . They said they are battling against $ 12 million that outside groups have spent to fight them in what is expected to be one of the most expensive Senate races .
“ Every [ Republican ] candidate has a fringe agenda — I 'll let the primary voters Tuesday decide who my actual opponent will be , ” they said .
Hagan added that their goal is to “ set the record straight , after Tillis is trying to have it both ways , ” running on their support for repealing the health-care law while also saying they would find a way to preserve provisions of the legislation that have proved popular .
Hagan 's campaign declined to say whether the mailers specifically targeted Republican households . Hagan spokesperson Sadie Weiner said only that the effort was “ statewide . ”
Several GOP strategists said the flier was delivered to their homes in recent days , suggesting that the ad was directed at Republicans .
If forced into a runoff with either of their two top opponents , the Rev . Mark Harris or physician Greg Brannon , Tillis would spend the next two months in an expensive battle to win conservative voters . That would leave Hagan time to define themselves with independent and centrist voters who are likely to decide the November election .
Potentially more worrisome for Tillis 's supporters , they would need to contend with a runoff campaign just as the North Carolina legislature returns to session later this month .
That probably would prompt a new round of protests that could help Hagan organize and excite a Democratic base that might otherwise sit out the non-presidential election .
Since Republicans took control of both chambers of the legislature in 2010 for the first time in more than 100 years , they have passed new voter identification legislation and restrictions on abortion clinics . They have cut taxes as well as education spending . Polls show that the legislature 's approval ratings are low , and Democrats think Hagan and others in the party could benefit from a renewed focus on Raleigh .
Hagan said Democratic voters , upset about the policy changes enacted in Raleigh , are “ paying attention , in many cases in a way they might not have been before . ”
Tillis said voters feel far more antipathy toward Washington . They said that the General Assembly does far better in polls than Congress and that they have no fears about running a campaign while leading the state House — which they said would be a good opportunity to showcase their legislative achievements .
That record , Tillis said , includes resisting efforts to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act .
Still , there is no doubt that Hagan 's health-care ads have provided potent ammunition to Tillis 's Republican opponents , who have picked up on the same Tillis “ great idea ” quote as a reason for Republican voters to worry .
“ Anything that we give [ Hagan ] in terms of baggage from our own lives and our own records is on the table . We should be concerned about that , ” said Harris , who has built support among evangelical voters . The health-care issue “ needs to be dealt with in this primary . ”
At a GOP barbecue Saturday here in rural and heavily Republican Catawba County , about an hour north of Charlotte , primary voters said the Hagan ad gave them pause .
“ Obamacare is not great , ” said Dan Johnson , 67 , a retired National Guard member from Newton who is supporting Harris . “ I just think he 's one of those conservatives whoare conservative until they get to Washington . Then they become part of Washington . That 's how I 've sized them up . ”
UPDATE Tuesday morning with more details .
Margaret Whitton , the actor , director and producer who is probably best know for playing the money-grubbing owner of the Cleveland Indians in two Major League movies , died December 4 at home in Palm Beach , Florida after a battle with cancer . They were 67 .
Them death was confirmed to Deadline by their business partner Steven Tabakin .
Them film credits include The Secret Of My Success , 9 1/2 Weeks and Mel Gibson 's Man Without A Face . They began their career on the stage , with credits there including as director of the Public Theater 's production of Dirty Tricks , starring Judith Ivey as Martha Mitchell . They made their directorial debut with 2011 's A Bird On The Air , a Robert Towne adaptation of Joe Coomer 's novel .
Whitton was a highly regarded stage actor whose most notable performance on Broadway was as part of the memorable ensemble in Nell Dunn 's 1983 Steaming . The cast included Linda Thorson , Judith Ivey , Lisa Jane Persky , Polly Rowles and Pauline Flanagan , in addition to Whitton . They made their off-Broadway debut at the American Place Theater in 1973 alongside Olympia Dukakis in Steve Tesich 's Baba Goya . They also are a regular at the Public Theater , where they were seen in Wallace Shawn 's 1985 Aunt Dan and Lemon , and Tina Howe 's 1980 The Art Of Dining , as well as in the classics , including Henry IV , Pt . 1 , Othello and The Merry Wives Of Windsor .
Whitton most recently was a partner with Tabakin in Tashtego Films , a New York-based film , TV and new media production company . They were an associate producer of the documentary Been Rich All My Life and co-exec producer of Casting By , a 2012 docu on casting directors .
In the Major League movies they played Rachel Phelps the Vegas dancer-turned-baseball owner who inherited the team from their late husband tried to make them awful enough to relocate them to warmer Miami . The 1989 original movie starred Charlie Sheen , Tom Berenger , Wesley Snipes , Corbin Bernsen , Dennis Haysbert and Rene Russo and is considered one of the best baseball movies of all time . There was a 1994 sequel .
Whitton 's bio on the Tashtego website says they wrote about baseball for publications including the New York Times , The Village Voice , New York Newsday and The National . They are survived by their husband , former Public Theater board chairperson Warren Spector .
The fast , efficient association map has long been the holy grail of the functional programming community . If you wanted such an abstract data structure in an imperative language , there would be no question about it : you would use a hash table . But the fact that the hash table is founded upon the destructive update makes it hard to use with pure code .
What we are in search of is a strictly more powerful association map , one that implements a non-destructive update ( i.e . is `` persistent '' ) . In the Haskell world , Data.Map is a reasonably compelling general-purpose structure that only requires the Ord typeclass on its keys . For keys that map cleanly on to machine-size integers , IntMap is an extremely fast purely functional that uses a bit twiddling tricks on top of big-endian Patricia tries .
Other functional programming languages have championed their own datastructures : many of Clojure 's collections critical datastructures were invented by Phil Bagwell , among them the hash-array mapped trie ( PDF ) , which drives Clojure 's persistent association maps .
On paper , the implementations have the following asymptotics :
Data.Map . Let n and m be the number of elements in a map . O ( log n ) lookups , inserts , updates and deletes . O ( n+m ) unions , differences and intersections
Data.IntMap . Let n and m be the number of elements in a map , and W be the number of bits in a machine-sized integer ( e.g . 32 or 64 ) . O ( min ( n , W ) ) lookups , inserts , updates and deletes . O ( n+m ) unions , differences and intersections .
Hash array mapped trie . Let n be the number of elements in a map . Since Hickey 's implementation does n't have sub-tree pools or root-resizing , we 'll omit them from the asymptotics . O ( log ( n ) ) lookups , inserts , updates and deletes . No implementation for unions , differences and intersections is described .
Unfortunately , these numbers do n't actually tell us very much about the real world performance of these data structures , since the world of associations is competitive enough that the constant factors really count . So I constructed the following benchmark : generate N random numbers , and insert them into the map . Then , perform lookups on N/2 of those random numbers , and N/2 other numbers that were not used ( which would constitute misses ) . The contenders were IntMap and HAMT ( with an implementation in Java and an implementation in Haskell ) . Initial results indicated that IntMap was faster than Java HAMT was much faster than Haskell HAMT .
Of course , this was absolutely bogus .
I turned to the Clojure mailing list and presented them with a strange ( incorrect ) result : Haskell 's IntMap was doing up to five times better than Clojure 's built-in implementation of HAMT . Rich Hickey immediately pointed out three problems with my methodology :
I was using Java 's default heap size ( to be fair , I was using Haskell 's default heap size too ) ,
It was n't performed with the -server flag , and
flag , and I was n't accounting for the JVM 's profile-driven optimization .
( There were a few more comments about random number generation and interleaving , but further testing revealed those to be of negligible cost . ) Rich offered me some new code that used ( apply hash-map list-of-vals ) to construct the hash-map , and after fixing a bug where Rich was only inserting N/2 entries into the hash table , I sallied on .
With an improved set of test-cases , I then derived the following statistics ( for the source , check out this IntMap criterion harness , and the postscript of this blog post for the Clojure harness ) :
IntMap Java HAMT ( 32K-512K ) Java HAMT ( 512K-32K ) 32K .035s .100s .042s 64K .085s .077s .088s 128K .190s .173s .166s 256K .439s .376s .483s 512K 1.047s 1.107s 1.113s
Still puzzling , however , was the abysmal performance of my Haskell reimplementation of HAMT , performing three to four times worse even after I tore my hair out with bit twiddling tricks and GHC boxing and unboxing . Then , I had a revelation :
public static PersistentHashMap create ( List init ) { ITransientMap ret = EMPTY.asTransient ( ) ; for ( Iterator i = init.iterator ( ) ; i.hasNext ( ) ; ) { Object key = i.next ( ) ; if ( ! i.hasNext ( ) ) throw new IllegalArgumentException ( String.format ( `` No value supplied for key : % s '' , key ) ) ; Object val = i.next ( ) ; ret = ret.assoc ( key , val ) ; } return ( PersistentHashMap ) ret.persistent ( ) ; } }
That tricky Hickey : he 's using mutation ( note the asTransient call ) under the hood to optimize the ( apply hash-map ... ) call ! A few tweaks later to force use of the functional interface , and voila :
Haskell Clojure 128K 0.56s 0.33s 256K 1.20s 0.84s 512K 2.62s 2.80s
Much more comparable performance ( and if you watch closely the JVM numbers , they start off at about the same as Haskell 's , and then speed up as HotSpot kicks in . )
Unfortunately , I ca n't play similar tricks in the Haskell world . For one thing , GHC does n't have runtime profile-based optimization . Additionally , while I certainly can unsafely freeze a single array in GHC ( this is standard operating procedure in many packages ) , I ca n't recursively freeze arrays pointing to arrays without walking the entire structure . Thus , blazing fast construction of recursive datastructures with mutation remains out of reach for Haskell ... for now .
This is very much a story in progress . In particular , I still have to :
Do a much more nuanced benchmark , which distinguishes the cost of insertion , lookup and other operations ; and
Implement IntMap in Java and see what the JVM buys the algorithm , unifying the garbage collection strategies would also be enlightening .
Postscript . You can see the gory details of the benchmarking on the Clojure mailing list . Here is the test code that was used to test Java 's HAMT implementation .
First with mutation :
( ns maptest ( : gen-class ) ) ( defn mk-random-stream [ ] ( let [ r ( new ec.util.MersenneTwisterFast ) ] ( repeatedly ( fn [ ] ( . r ( nextInt ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defn main [ i ] ( let [ vals ( vec ( take ( * i 2 ) ( mk-random-stream ) ) ) dvals ( take ( * i 2 ) ( doall ( interleave vals vals ) ) ) ] ( dotimes [ _ 10 ] ( time ( let [ m ( apply hash-map dvals ) ] ( reduce ( fn [ s k ] ( + s ( m k 0 ) ) ) 0 ( take i ( drop ( / i 2 ) vals ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( doseq [ n ( range 5 10 ) ] ( let [ i ( * 1000 ( int ( Math/pow 2 n ) ) ) ] ( println `` I = `` i ) ( main i ) ) )
Here is the alternative main definition that forces usage of the functional interface :
( defn main [ i ] ( let [ vals ( vec ( take ( * i 2 ) ( mk-random-stream ) ) ) ] ( dotimes [ _ 10 ] ( time ( let [ m ( reduce ( fn [ m x ] ( assoc m x x ) ) ( hash-map ) vals ) ] ( reduce ( fn [ s k ] ( + s ( m k 0 ) ) ) 0 ( take i ( drop ( / i 2 ) vals ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
With the 2013 All Star game just around the corner , we thought it might be a good time to read-up on the history of today 's National League team names and a few interesting facts about each franchise . ( for the American League team names , click here )
NL East
Atlanta Braves ( 54-41 )
2013 All-Stars : Craig Kimbrel ( RHP ) , Freddie Freeman ( 1B )
Origins : Founded in Boston by four former Cincinnati Red Stockings players in 1871 , the team was first known as the Boston Red Stockings , then the Red Caps until the 1880s when they were called the Beaneaters ( presumably after the area 's famous Boston Baked Beans ) .
In 1912 , the team was bought by James Gaffney of Tammany Hall fame . As Tammany Hall 's symbol was a Native American ( it was named after Tamanend , a famous Native American leader ) , the nickname Braves was chosen . Other than a brief change to the Bees from 1936-1941 , the organization retained the name when it moved to Milwaukee in 1953 , and then to Atlanta in 1966 .
Washington Nationals ( 48-47 )
2013 All-Stars : Bryce Harper ( OF ) * , Jordan Zimmermann ( RHP )
Origins : It seems various teams in Washington , D.C. switched the names Nationals and Senators for decades prior to the 20th century . In 1901 , when the old Western League team , the Kansas City Blues , moved to the nation 's capitol to be a founding member of the American League , its name was changed to the Senators . When purchased in 1905 , after a name-the-team marketing effort , the club was re-named to the Nationals , although many still called the club the Senators . In 1959 , the team name was officially changed back to the Senators . In 1961 , that organization moved to Minnesota and changed its name to the Twins .
An expansion team was awarded to D.C. in 1961 , again named the Senators . That club moved to Arlington in 1972 and became the Rangers . D.C. did not have a team until it acquired the Expos from Montreal in 2005 . The new owners changed the name back to the Nationals along with the move .
Philadelphia Phillies ( 48-48 )
2013 All-Stars : Cliff Lee ( LHP ) , Domonic Brown ( OF )
Origins : Short for Philadelphia , many claim the city 's National League team has always been called the Phillies since it entered the league in 1883 ; others say the team was briefly called the Quakers at first . Regardless , the fans love the name . In fact , when new ownership tried to change the team 's nickname to the Blue Jays in 1943 , the fans simply ignored it .
New York Mets ( 41-50 )
2013 All-Stars : David Wright ( 3B ) * , Matt Harvey ( RHP )
Origins : In the 19th century , there was a club named the Metropolitans , but it went defunct . When New York was awarded an expansion team in 1962 , the nickname was brought out , dusted off and shortened to the Mets .
Miami Marlins ( 35-58 )
2013 All-Stars : Jose Fernandez ( RHP )
Origins : Miami had a history of baseball teams named the Marlins ( not MLB but other leagues ) during the 1950s , 1960s and 1980s . When the city acquired an expansion team in 1993 , they revived the name , but in order to appeal to the broader region , they named the team the Florida Marlins . In order to get help from the city to pay for a new stadium , the team changed the name to the Miami Marlins for the 2012 season .
NL Central
St. Louis Cardinals ( 57-36 )
2013 All-Stars : Yadier Molina ( C ) * , Carlos Beltran ( OF ) * , Adam Wainwright ( RHP ) , Allen Craig ( 1B ) , Matt Carpenter ( 2B )
Origins : St. Louis had baseball teams named the Brown Stockings and the Red Stockings , shortened to Browns and Reds , in the latter half of the 19th century , but both teams eventually went belly up . When a new team was formed to play in the American Association in 1882 , the Brown Stockings name was revived . Shortened to the Browns again , the team was extraordinarily successful under the command of Charles Comiskey ( of White Sox fame ) .
The team was renamed the Perfectos , and the sock color was changed to red in 1899 . Although all agree the team was universally called the Cardinals since 1900 , they disagree on the origin of the nickname . One source says that when newsman William McHale printed a female fan 's comment on the uniform change in their column in the St. Louis Republic : “ What a lovely shade of Cardinal , ” the name stuck . Another claims that the nickname came from the robes worn by cardinals of the Catholic Church .
Pittsburgh Pirates ( 56-37 )
2013 All-Stars : Jason Grilli ( RHP ) , Jeff Locke ( LHP ) , Pedro Alvarez ( 3B ) , Andrew McCutchen ( OF )
Origins : When the Alleghenys were formed in 1882 , the Pittsburgh team had its home across the river of the same name in the town of the same name – Allegheny , Pennsylvania . The team adopted the Pittsburgh moniker about 1890 , and that 's about the time they got the name Pirates as well . Funny enough , the team got the name after a wifely publicized signing of a player , Lou Bierbauer , that the Philadelphia Athletics thought should have played for them . During the hoopla , they were repeatedly compared to pirates in the media for “ stealing ” Bierbauer . Directly after this , they changed the team 's name to “ Pirates ” .
Cincinnati Reds ( 53-42 )
2013 All-Stars : Joey Votto ( 1B ) * , Brandon Phillips ( 2B ) * , Aroldis Chapman ( LHP )
Origins : Cincinnati had teams named the Red Stockings since 1869 , the first of which was the first ever fully professional baseball team . One that formed in 1882 adopted the name , and it was shortened to the Reds . By 1911 , the word Reds appeared on the team 's uniform . During the Red Scare of the 1950s ( thank you , Senator McCarthy ) , the team changed its name to the Cincinnati Redlegs , to avoid the association with communists . Cooler and more rational heads prevailed , “ Reds ” was put back on the uniform in 1961 , and eventually resumed its place as the primary nickname for the team .
Chicago Cubs ( 42-51 )
2013 All-Stars : Travis Wood ( LHP )
Origins : The Cubs were formed in 1870 as the Chicago White Stockings . By 1890 , local sportswriters had dubbed the team the Colts in reference to the team 's youth and inexperience , and the name stuck . In 1897 , when the team lost its popular coach , Cap “ Pop ” Anson , sports reporters took to calling the team the Orphans and the Remnants .
According to reports , Cubs was first coined in 1902 , although the nicknames Orphans and Remnants were still also used until 1906 , when Cubs became the only nickname .
Milwaukee Brewers ( 38-56 )
2013 All-Stars : Jean Segura ( SS ) , Carlos Gomez ( OF )
Origins : Back in the day , there were a lot of breweries in Milwaukee : Pabst , Schlitz and Miller to name a few . In honor of the delicious elixir , Milwaukee 's baseball team owners have frequently chosen to name various clubs the Brewers , since at least the 1870s . However , when the Boston Braves moved to town in 1953 , the team kept the nickname Braves , and took it with them when they moved to Atlanta in 1966 .
Today 's Brewers started as an expansion team in Seattle ( the Pilots ) in 1969 ; after only one year , the team moved to Milwaukee where the Brewers nickname was reborn .
NL West
Arizona Diamondbacks ( 50-45 )
2013 All-Stars : Patrick Corbin ( LHP ) , Paul Goldschmidt ( 1B )
Origins : In a name-the-team contest in 1995 when Phoenix was awarded an expansion team , fans chose the nickname Diamondbacks ( after the famous rattlesnake of the area , as well as a play on baseball 's famous diamond ) from a selection that included Scorpions , Coyotes and Rattlers . The D-Backs first season was in 1998 .
Los Angeles Dodgers ( 47-47 )
2013 All-Stars : Clayton Kershaw ( LHP )
Origins : Starting life as the Brooklyn Atlantics ( in Brooklyn , New York ) in the 1880s , the nickname was changed to the Bridegrooms ( shortened to Grooms ) in 1888 when six players all got married in the same year . When trolleys were installed in Brooklyn in the 1890s , pedestrians were forced to “ dodge ” them , and were called “ trolley dodgers ” in the newspapers . One thing led to another , and the team began to be called the Dodgers .
Thereafter , the club was briefly called at various times the Superbas ( after a circus act ) , the Infants ( when the team president famously said : “ Baseball is in its infancy. ” ) and the Robins ( after manager Wilbert Robinson ) , although Dodgers was also used . When the organization moved to Los Angeles in 1958 , it took the name Dodgers with it .
Colorado Rockies ( 46-50 )
2013 All-Stars : Troy Tulowitzki ( SS ) * , Carlos Gonzalez ( OF ) * , Michael Cuddyer ( OF )
Origins : Entering the league as an expansion team in 1993 , Colorado 's nickname the Rockies is derived from the Rocky Mountains of the western part of the state .
San Francisco Giants ( 43-51 )
2013 All-Stars : Madison Bumgarner ( LHP ) , Buster Posey ( C ) , Marco Scutaro ( 2B )
Origins : Originally formed in New York and called the Gothams , the team acquired the nickname the Giants when its then-manager , Jim Mutrie , referred to their players as “ My giants ! ” When the team moved to San Francisco in 1957 , it kept the name .
San Diego Padres ( 42-54 )
2013 All-Stars : Everth Cabrera ( SS )
Origins : Named after the Spanish word Padre or Father in reference to the Catholic missionaries of the region 's past , San Diego had professional , albeit minor league , teams named the Padres since the 1930s . When an expansion team was awarded to the city in 1969 , the old nickname was revived .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Expand for References
Republicans in Congress will get a chance to kill President Obama 's new nuclear deal with Iran . But they 'd have to win over a sizable chunk of Democrats to do it . The deal does n't need to be affirmatively approved by Congress . But a law passed earlier this year allows Congress to vote to disapprove it and therefore block the relief of sanctions on Iran that 's crucial to it . However , this resolution of disapproval would need to be passed by both the House and Senate over President Obama 's veto . Assuming every Republican in the House and Senate votes to disapprove the deal , 13 Senate Democrats and 44 House Democrats would have to join them to kill Obama 's veto . ( If a vacant House seat is filled by a Republican by the time of the vote , only 43 House Democrats would be needed . ) That would be over a fifth of the Democratic delegation in each chamber . Given that Obama made the deal and Hillary Clinton is praising it , defections like these seem unlikely unless key party leaders , like Sen. Chuck Schumer and House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , come out against it .
How the congressional review process works
At the start of this year , Congress had no clear way to review the deal with Iran that Obama 's team was hoping to strike . Both Democrats and Republicans were unhappy about this , and so after some debate , the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 was passed and signed by Obama .
The new law says that once the administration submits this deal to Congress , Obama ca n't waive sanctions on Iran for 60 days so Congress can have time to review the agreement .
However , the burden is then on Congress to disapprove the deal . If Congress takes no action , the lifting of sanctions will go into effect .
Furthermore , a mere majority vote to kill the deal is n't enough . To go into effect and block Obama from lifting the sanctions permanently , Congress 's resolution of disapproval would have to overcome Obama 's promised veto . For that , the GOP would need two-thirds of both the House and Senate — 290 votes in the lower chamber , plus 67 in the upper one .
In the House , there are currently 246 sitting Republicans — so if every one of them opposed the deal , the remaining 44 votes would have to come from Democrats . The vacant seat of former Rep. Aaron Schock ( R-IL ) will be filled in a September 10 special election , and Republican Darin LaHood is expected to win it . So if he 's seated in time for the vote , only 43 Democrats would need to disapprove the deal .
In addition to that , the Senate would have to vote to override a veto too . In the Senate , there are 54 sitting Republicans , meaning that 13 Democrats would have to join them .
The politics of the Iran deal on the Hill
What this means in practice , though , is that a vote will take place . And that will be an uncomfortable vote for many Democrats . Some may be genuinely skeptical of the deal , and others may be caught between their desire to support the president and their desire to have good relations with hawkish pro-Israel groups like AIPAC ( which released a `` deeply concerned '' statement about the deal Tuesday morning ) .
But AIPAC has had less clout among Democrats recently . Last year , the Daily Beast 's Eli Lake reported on how , in somewhat of a precursor to this fight , AIPAC `` helped turn what was a bipartisan effort to keep Iran in check into just another political squabble , '' when its effort to get Congress to further toughen sanctions on the country failed .
Plus , in addition to President Obama , Hillary Clinton — one of the more hawkish leaders in the party — is praising the deal . That means that Democrats who defect would be going against both the current president and their potential successor .
So , barring a true outpouring of anti-deal opinion and pressure from constituents over the summer , not too many Democrats are likely to defect unless they have cover from some respected figures in the party . Those could include Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) and House Minority Leader Steny Hoyer , who have hawkish foreign policy leanings and have tended to be strong allies of pro-Israel groups . Indeed , earlier this year , it was Schumer whose intervention was key in passing the law that gave Congress this review power in the first place , and they are Senate Democrats ' choice to replace Harry Reid as their leader after they retire . So for signs of whether Congress will kill the deal , look to Schumer and Hoyer .
The White House all but ruled out Tuesday the possibility of former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden being pardoned by President Obama before they leave office .
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Snowden “ has not submitted paperwork to seek clemency ” with the Department of Justice .
Even if Snowden does file such an application , it 's unlikely there would be enough time to process it before Obama leaves office on Friday . Clemency petitions typically take months for the Justice Department to sort through .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , an application is not required by law for the administration to issue a pardon .
Speculation has swirled that Obama will grant clemency to Snowden , who faces espionage charges for leaking classified material in 2013 about controversial NSA surveillance programs .
Snowden is currently living in Russia and has not returned to the U.S. to face the charges .
But Earnest indicated Obama would not issue a pardon to Snowden by drawing a distinction between their case and that of former Army soldier Chelsea Manning , who is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking classified information .
“ Chelsea Manning is somebody who went through the military criminal justice process , was exposed to due process , was found guilty , was sentenced for their crimes , and they acknowledged wrongdoing , ” the spokesperson said last week .
“ Mr . Snowden fled into the arms of an adversary , and has sought refuge in a country that most recently made a concerted effort to undermine confidence in our democracy . ”
Manning is reportedly under consideration for clemency from Obama , though the White House has declined to comment on their case .
Obama is expected to commute the sentences of several hundred more non-violent drug offenders before they leave office .
US Marshals Service reportedly fitting aircraft with ‘ dirtboxes ' that interrogate phones on ground for identity and location
The US justice department is reportedly using electronic equipment on aircraft to simulate cellphone towers so it can collect phone location and identifying information on a mass scale from users on the ground below .
The allegations , reported in the Wall Street Journal late on Thursday , suggest that the US Marshals Service has for seven years flown Cessna aircraft outfitted with “ dirtbox ” devices that mimic cellular towers , permitting the collection of thousands of unique IDs and location data from users .
According to the Journal the planes operate from at least five metropolitan airports , permitting a “ flying range covering most of the US population ” .
The reportedly indiscriminate collection would permit the marshals and potentially other justice department agencies to avoid having to seek records from the phone companies themselves , especially in criminal investigations where a court order may be required .
The legal basis for the previously undisclosed program is unclear . It is not reportedly a national security or counterterrorism program , but instead used to target crime . The justice department is said to have modified the equipment so as not to interfere with 911 emergency calls .
The report comes nearly 18 months after the Guardian published revelations about National Security Agency bulk phone record collection based on leaks by Edward Snowden , prompting widespread congressional , judicial , political and popular scrutiny of domestic surveillance .
A justice department official , speaking on condition of anonymity , would not confirm or deny existence of the program to collect data using aircraft . But the official insisted the department 's activities were lawful and suggested it had received judicial approval . It is unclear if the congressional committees overseeing the collection of cellphone location and identification data have known about the effort .
“ Discussion of sensitive law enforcement equipment and techniques would allow criminal defendants , criminal enterprises or foreign powers to determine our capabilities and limitations in this area . In deploying any such equipment or tactics our federal law enforcement agencies comply with federal law , including by seeking court approval , ” the official said .
In official testimony US officials have routinely denied that the NSA collects phone location information in bulk , but they frequently add the caveat “ under this program ” , leading to widespread suspicion that other government programs perform that function , and prompting freedom of information requests seeking the truth .
A major surveillance bill , already passed by the House of Representatives , to get the NSA out of the business of much bulk domestic phone records collection is expected to receive a vote in the Senate in the coming days . Numerous court challenges to bulk domestic surveillance are also winding their way through federal courts .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and intelligence agencies did not immediately respond to questions about the reported cellphone program . The White House declined comment and the justice department would not speak on the record .
Michael German , a former FBI agent now with New York University Law School , said : “ The government 's attitude seems to be if it can , it should , without regard to the violation of Americans ' rights , so long as nobody knows . The overriding problem is the excessive secrecy that hides the government 's ever-expanding surveillance programs from public accountability .
“ This is n't about tipping off criminals . Every criminal or terrorist I ever worked undercover against knew they were criminals and terrorists , and therefore that there was probable cause to believe they were criminals and terrorists , so the government could get warrants to listen to their calls or search their homes . ”
Christopher Soghoian , principle technologist at the American Civil Liberties Union , said : “ This is bulk surveillance of a massive amount of people in order to find proverbial needle in a haystack
“ Recently the FBI has impersonated members of the Associated Press , internet repairmen and now it 's impersonating the phone companies . This is just the latest example of them taking impersonation to the extreme . ”
They called on Congress to open an investigation into this type of surveillance .
Soghoian said telecommunications companies were well aware of the type of technology used in the surveillance “ but whether they knew it was being strapped to the bottom of planes is another story ” .
Phone companies AT & T and Sprint declined to comment . Telecoms executives speaking on background said that all the major carriers used similar technology and they did not believe the fake towers were part of the cellphone companies ' own networks . Company executives are asking for clarification from the justice department .
The revelation is likely to drive a wedge between the mobile carriers and the justice department . The two have enjoyed a more cordial relationship than with the tech community in the aftermath of the Snowden revelations .
German , the ex-FBI agent , said : “ This program is being kept secret so that the thousands of innocent Americans whose data is being collected improperly wo n't complain .
“ The affidavits for these court orders need to be unsealed , so we can see whether the problem is with the agencies that request these authorities or with the courts that fail to protect our privacy . Either way we need an accounting . We should n't have to just trust that the government will handle the data it intercepts about our communications properly . ”
After a turbulent day the admin of the raided OiNK.cd was released from custody . At this point it is still unclear what the legal consequences will be , but it is good to see that OiNK is back home .
The OiNK admin contacted TorrentFreak by email which confirms their release . As for the OiNK users , it is highly doubtful that the IFPI or BPI will go after them all , or even one of them . They do know how to scare people with messages like : “ A criminal investigation continues into the identities and activities of the site 's users ” , but there is no evidence that they actually will .
More interesting perhaps , how did they gain access to the OiNK domain , and why are they allowed to spread this propaganda ? They are not a law-enforcement agency .
NFOrce , the ISP of OiNK , said today in an interview that they were not aware of any illegal activities surrounding the site . They thought OiNK was hosting a streaming video site or a weblog . Yeah , right .
The BBC did a small report on the arrest with a lot of false information , releasing nonsense statements such as : “ illegally downloading music onto their website ” and “ paying subscriptions to enter the website. ” The video of the arrest is shown below , see for yourself .
According to the Trustwave 's 2013 Global Security Report , cyber-security threats are increasing as quickly as we can implement measures against them . Hackers have lots of different ways to steal your private data and information . And the main reason why hackers go after your personal information is identity theft !
Over the past year , there have been roughly 12.6 million victims of identity theft – or , to put it into perspective , one victim every three seconds . No matter how safe you think you 're being online , chances are you 're making at least a few mistakes that compromise the integrity of your personal information .
To protect yourself , check out our new “ Where You 'll Get Hacked ” infographic for more information on how hackers get a hold of your data , how you can detect their attempts and how to protect yourself and your financial future .
To see the enlarged version , click on the graphic .
Learn More About How You Can Protect Your Personal Information
To learn more about how you can protect your privacy and personal information , check out on the ultimate guide to protecting your privacy and identity online . This article explains the different ways your personal information can be exposed or stolen and the steps you can take to protect yourself .
Protect Your Personal Information with Hotspot Shield free VPN
Hotspot Shield VPN enables you to surf the web privately , freely , and securely . It protects your privacy and protects you from hackers , malware , and identity theft .
Share this Infographic On Your Site
Please include attribution to http : //www.hotspotshield.com with this graphic .
CINCINNATI -- The Cleveland Browns lost rookie quarterback Cody Kessler to a concussion with 7 minutes , 27 seconds left in the first half of Sunday 's 31-17 loss to the Bengals .
Editor 's Picks Kevin Hogan becomes sixth quarterback as Bengals keep Browns winless It 's another week , another QB for the winless Browns . Kevin Hogan had their moments , but the defense gave up several big-play TDs in the 31-17 loss .
Rookie Kevin Hogan took over for Kessler . Earlier in the game , Hogan became the sixth quarterback in seven games this season to take a snap for the Browns when they ran three read-option plays .
But when Kessler was sidelined , the game belonged to Hogan . They followed Robert Griffin III , Josh McCown , Terrelle Pryor , Charlie Whitehurst and Kessler at quarterback .
Hogan finished 12-of-24 for 100 yards and two interceptions in the Browns ' loss , which kept Cleveland ( 0-7 ) winless this season .
Kevin Hogan on Sunday became the sixth Browns quarterback to throw a pass in the first seven weeks of the season . Aaron Doster/USA TODAY Sports
`` These quarterbacks only have so many these hits in their body , you know ? Pretty soon , guys do n't get up all the time , and that 's what 's been happening . It 's unfortunate . It 's just been happening way too much , '' Browns coach Hue Jackson said .
Hogan spent the first five games of the season on the practice squad . They were promoted to the active roster Oct. 11 after Whitehurst was injured .
`` He battled as hard as they could for a guy that , again , does n't get a ton of reps , but enough to do what they did , '' Jackson said .
Jackson added that `` there 's a chance '' McCown will be able to play next Sunday against the New York Jets .
`` We 'll see . Again , we 'll evaluate everything on Monday and see where they are and go from there , '' they said .
Kessler had played better than expected in starting five games ; they were 9-for-11 against Cincinnati before they were hurt .
Hogan said , `` there were some plays I 'd like back , but overall I felt very comfortable out there , and confident . ''
Hogan said they hope Kessler `` makes a speedy recovery '' but they are `` going to do everything I can to make sure I 'm ready . ''
According to the Elias Sports Bureau , the Browns are the first team since 1987 ( Eagles , Patriots and Broncos ) to have at least six different players throw at least one pass in the first seven games of a season .
That was during the strike season that featured replacement players .
The last team to use six quarterbacks in the first seven games in a non-strike season was the 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers , who went 0-14 in their first NFL season .
I was excited to attend the Ladies Tea for the first time at our church . They were asking for people to volunteer to make some food for the event which is how this whole thing started . I emailed asking what food they needed only to be asked to decorate a table . Having never attended this event , I had no clue what to expect or how the other tables would look . I asked for more guidelines and hit two large hitches . I needed to provide my own china and 2 teapots among lots of other things . I do n't own china or 2 teapots . I emailed a lot of the girls here in the area I knew and found one lady willing to let me borrow their china , but no one I knew had one , let alone two teapots .
So I looked online , all over Huntsville including goodwill and ross . I eventually found a thrift store new our home where I found these two beauties for under $ 20 . Needless to say , I knew these would n't match the china that I was borrowing .
After lots of research and very few tutorials online , I found that this paint was the best because it has more opaque coverage and after being baked , it is dishwasher safe .
So I put down some newspaper , washed and dried the pots , and used regular paint brushes to paint this china according the label .
Here on the first coat you can see the brush marks .
Then you let it dry for 24 hours .
Place it in a cold oven , then heat to 300F , and bake for 35 minutes . Then turn off the oven without opening the door ; if you open the door or place the china in a hot oven it can make the china shatter . Once the oven was completely cool inside , I opened the door and took out the china .
I noticed a few bubbles in my haste to paint the first coat that did n't go away , and since I did n't want to be doing 3 coats , I decided to give it a textured look with one of these cheap foam brushes .
Here are the tops after the second coat .
It was pretty much like sponge painting them and trying to get a similar texture over the whole thing .
Let air dry for 24 hours , and then do the whole baking and cooling process again according to the directions on the bottle .
Here is a close up of the texture .
And both of them done , I would estimate it took around 2 hours of actual painting time for the two coats , but to me it was well worth it . I now have two teapots for future events .
Here is a sneak peek at part of my table at the ladies tea , more pictures to come of that later .
Let me know if you have any questions on this process .
By Chris O'Connell in Special , Sports on |
Editor 's Note : This story has been updated .
University of Texas president Greg Fenves has accepted the resignation of men 's athletics director Steve Patterson , university officials confirmed today . Fenves and Patterson met this morning , and after an all-day session the two agreed that Patterson 's time at Texas is at an end . According to Patterson 's guaranteed five-year contract , which began in November 2013 , they are owed at least $ 5.6 million over the next four years . Patterson 's contract does not contain a buyout clause .
Though a new permanent AD has not been named , former Texas linebacker Mike Perrin , Life Member , BA '69 , JD '71 , Life Member , will take over as interim AD until a successor has been chosen . Perrin , who played for the Longhorns in the late '60s and is a member of the UT Men 's Hall of Honor , will sign a contract through at least August 2016 . Their credentials , Fenves said , “ are impeccable . ”
“ Athletics is vitally important to the Longhorn nation , ” Fenves said in a statement released to media . “ For many , athletics is the front door to the university . The excellence and integrity of our program shines a bright light on all we do . Mike , a devoted Longhorn and respected Texan , has worked throughout their career to make the university a better place and is highly qualified to do so again in this new role . ”
Some names floating around for Patterson 's permanent replacement are former head football coach Mack Brown and Oliver Luck , a Law School alum and former West Virginia AD whose name came up during the search in which Patterson was hired to replace 32-year Texas AD DeLoss Dodds in 2013 .
Patterson 's rocky tenure lasted 22 months at Texas during which they made a series of controversial decisions . They raised ticket prices for football and men 's basketball games , planned to move some UT games abroad , fired longtime athletics employee John Bianco , and refused to settle the lawsuit between offensive line coach Joe Wickline and their former employer , Oklahoma State University . In their short time as AD , Patterson got crossways with donors , fans , the City of Austin , university officials , and the Longhorn coaching staff . A plane flew over DKR before the Rice game on Saturday , dragging a banner that read : “ Patterson Must Go. ” Their chilly disposition was also a matter of contention and sharply contrasted that of their predecessor . Their hiring of coaches Charlie Strong and Shaka Smart , however , were widely praised .
The tension between Patterson and the university came to a head last week , when , during a September 8 meeting with the Statesman editorial board , Fenves declined to voice support for Patterson . When asked , Fenves replied : “ I guess the best way to describe it is I 'm working with them and we are continuing to work through the issues. ” Fenves remarks almost completely overshadowed a press conference Patterson was holding at the exact same time touting the economic impact that Texas Athletics has on the state of Texas and the Austin community .
Since news broke this morning of Patterson 's removal , a number of prominent media personalities have made supporting comments of John Bianco on Twitter , using the hashtag # BringBackBianco . Bianco was the director of football media relations who Patterson fired without consulting or even notifying head coach Charlie Strong . Bianco 's replacement has not been found .
Patterson came to Texas from Arizona State University , where they served as Vice President of University Athletics and AD . Patterson was president of the NBA 's Portland Trail Blazers from 2003-07 . In a prepared farewell statement , Patterson thanked Fenves for their graciousness throughout the process that led to their resignation .
“ After considerable discussion , The University of Texas at Austin President , Gregory Fenves , and I have agreed that our great university will be best served by a new men 's athletic director , ” Patterson said . “ Accordingly , I have agreed to step aside effective today . Change is never easy , but I have every confidence that UT Athletics will continue to thrive as it embraces the future . ”
File photo of Steve Patterson courtesy UT Athletics .
Dear EarthTalk : I do n't understand why many people oppose wind power just because they have to look at the turbines . If you ask me , wind turbines are much nicer-looking than coal-fired , waste-to-energy or nuclear power plants .
—Michael Hart , via e-mail
Whether it 's a wind farm , a coal-fired power plant , a nuclear reactor or even just a big box store , there are always going to be locals opposed to it , declaring “ not in my back yard ! ” ( NIMBY ) .
As to the attractiveness of wind farms , people do seem to come down on one side or the other rather vehemently . Those in favor of wind development have been known to extol the visual virtues of a horizon full of windmills not only for the turbines ' graceful sculptural lines but also for the fact that their very presence advertises the coming of a modern , almost futuristic age of clean , renewable energy .
Writing in the online magazine Contemporary Aesthetics , Yuriko Saito waxes eloquent about the visual appeal of wind farms when created thoughtfully . “ [ I ] t is possible to create an aesthetically pleasing effect by choosing the color , shape and height of the turbines appropriate…to the particular landscape , making them uniform in their appearance and movement , and…arranging them in proportion to the landscape , ” they say . “ One writer admires the windmills in Sweden as ‘ graceful objects ' because ‘ the slender airfoils seem both delicate and powerful…while their gentle motion imparts a living kinetic nature ' . ”
On the flip side , detractors begrudge wind turbines for destroying their views—a classic NIMBY stance . According to Saito , opposition to wind farms stems from their being sited on previously “ open , unhindered lands ” and as such “ are viewed as machines intruding in a garden. ” They add : “ [ T ] hey are almost invariably decried as ‘ marring ' , ‘ spoiling ' , ‘ ruining ' , and ‘ intruding on ' the otherwise relatively natural landscape , such as desert , open field , mountainside , and…ocean , and for creating an ‘ eyesore ' . ”
Respondents to a survey by the British magazine Country Life listed wind turbines as the most egregious type of architectural blemish across England . They disliked wind farms even more than other “ eyesores ” —such as highway service areas , conventional power stations and ugly office buildings—because of the size of the turbines , some of which are 300 feet tall , and their intrusion on the landscape .
Opponents of a proposed wind farm in the waters of Massachusetts ' Nantucket Sound cite similar gripes . The builder , Cape Wind Associates , has campaigned for seven years for approval of the development , to be located 16 miles off the shore of Nantucket Island . Homeowners , politicians and some evidently conflicted environmentalists have mounted stiff opposition to the facility , which would appear from shore as distant white smears on the horizon . The decision rests with the U.S . Interior Department which , despite stated desires to expand offshore wind energy , is taking its time on the highly contentious matter .
But with wind now the hottest renewable energy source going , those opposed to seeing windmills better get used to it . In 2008 wind power provided 1.5 percent of global electricity—having doubled its output every year now for five years in a row—and should account for as much as eight percent by 2018 .
CONTACTS : Contemporary Aesthetics , Country Life , Cape Wind Associates LLC
EarthTalk is produced by E/The Environmental Magazine . SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS TO : EarthTalk , P.O . Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk @ emagazine.com . Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php . EarthTalk is now a book ! Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook .
Duterte wants to continue dynasty in Malacanang through Sara in 2022
President Rodrigo Duterte believes there 's no one more deserving to succeed them as president than their own daughter , Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio .
In a speech before reporters in Davao City Friday ( September 22 ) , Duterte said their daughter is not only a strong woman , but is also a lawyer .
“ I could n't find any other better candidate than Sara to become the next president , ” they said .
“ And one thing about them is they are not a bigot , ” they added .
Davao City , Duterte 's turf , is already under their children 's control : Sara is mayor while Paolo is the vice mayor .
Duterte previously shared that they did not want to run for president in 2016 unless Sara campaigned for mayor since they did not want to hand over the reins of Davao City to another politiko .
But they will appear on one-off 'The Wu - Once Upon A Time In Shaolin ' album
RZA has explained why Raekwon is unlikely to appear on the forthcoming Wu-Tang Clan album ‘ A Better Tomorrow ' .
The rapper is currently overseeing two albums from the group , ‘ The Wu – Once Upon A Time In Shaolin ' and ‘ A Better Tomorrow ' , the former being limited to just one copy which will be exhibited and later sold to the highest bidder . Raekwon will appear on that album but will not be on ‘ A Better Tomorrow ' , and RZA revealing that they do not speak to their colleague but believes they are currently on “ different creative paths ” .
Speaking to Vlad TV about why Raekwon will not be on ‘ A Better Tomorrow ' , RZA said : “ I have n't had a chance to really talk to them about why not . All I see is the press going back and forth . But I would say that maybe creatively we on different paths . I 'm creatively different than I was in the ‘ 90s . ”
RZA previously revealed that the group have already been offered $ 5 million ( £3,006,070 ) for The Wu – Once Upon A Time In Shaolin ' .
The band plan to take the album on a “ tour ” of museums , galleries and festivals , where they will charge between $ 30- $ 50 ( £18 to £30 ) to view and listen to the album . The listening sessions will take place behind heavy security and will use headphones provided by the venue , to prevent the album leaking .
The group 's long-promised 20th anniversary album , ‘ A Better Tomorrow ' , is still set for a standard commercial release this summer .
Josh Miller/CNET
Opera and Microsoft have signed a licensing agreement to put Opera 's mobile browser into Microsoft 's current feature and Asha handsets . These include the Series 30+ and Series 40 handsets that were formerly under the Nokia branding .
According to the terms of the agreement , current phones that are using the Xpress browser will be encouraged to upgrade to Opera Mini , while fresh devices from the factories will have Opera pre-installed .
One advantage Opera has with its Mini browser in emerging countries is the built-in data compression features , which help users with limited data caps get more out of their plans .
Currently , Opera Mini has 250 million users and around 100 million of them are using Android smartphones .
Opera 's agreement with Microsoft does not appear to extend to Windows Phone devices , which currently has a mobile version of Internet Explorer as default .
Plans to either renovate or rebuild Kansas City International Airport should focus on keeping costs low , the chief executive of Southwest Airlines said Wednesday in Kansas City .
Gary Kelly , who heads the carrier with the largest KCI service , 68 daily departures , said low costs mean low fares and that 's what will generate enough traffic to justify the costs of any updates .
“ I agree and Southwest agrees we definitely could stand to make some improvements . The question still remains exactly what is the best way to do that in the most cost-efficient manner , ” Kelly said .
Air travelers are sensitive to price , something Kelly said is evident each time oil prices climb and the cost of flying jumps .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
“ It absolutely kills traffic , ” they said .
Kansas City aviation officials have been working with airline officials on ways to improve the 1970s-era airport . A redesign that would replace the existing three-terminal footprint with a single central terminal has drawn opposition from many who favor the convenience KCI currently provides Kansas City area travelers .
A city task force has favored a one-terminal rebuilt airport , but negotiations continue , with a May 2016 deadline for a final recommendation .
Kelly spoke after unveiling a Boeing 737 jet painted as if wrapped in the Missouri state flag , a show of commitment to service and jobs in the state . It 's the 10th jet in the airline 's fleet painted to honor one of the states it serves . The others include Illinois and Colorado .
Gov . Jay Nixon of Missouri and Mayor Sly James of Kansas City were on hand for the presentation . The group christened the repainted plane “ Missouri One ” at the Aviation Technical Services aircraft overhaul base .
“ We did n't want to just tell you how much we appreciate you . We wanted to show you , ” Kelly said at the presentation .
Asked about potential improvements at KCI , Kelly said the airport 's current design makes it difficult to screen passengers and provide access to concession stands and shops . And that makes the airport experience inefficient for travelers , especially those who are arriving on one flight to make connections with another , they said .
They cited recent work at Love Field in Dallas as a way to reconcile passenger convenience with security measures . The airport is built in a T shape , with passenger screening done in a central area leading to connections and a concession area .
“ At Love Field we started over . After 50 years it had gotten to be an unwieldy mess , and it 's just a much better airport ” than it was , Kelly said .
Kelly said neither they nor the airline had reached any decisions about what they 'd like to see done at KCI .
“ We 're the largest airline in Kansas City , so we 'll naturally take a leadership role in that , ” they said . “ It 's an important role , but it 's important that we try to get it right . ”
Kit Bond , recognized at the presentation for their work in the U.S. Senate on behalf of KCI , said the collective work on airport plans is the right way to get the best solution .
“ KCI was designed in a much simpler time , ” Bond said . “ I 'm sure there are ways to make it more efficient and traveler-friendly . ”
As the largest operating carrier , Southwest also would bear much of the cost — either directly or indirectly through fees — for the work ultimately done at the airport .
“ In the meantime , we have an airport that works , ” Kelly said . “ While it may not be perfect , we 're certainly taking off and landing every day . ”
Southwest has flown here since February 1982 .
The airline also announced a $ 5,000 gift to Union Station 's Science City Summer Camp . The camp runs from June 8 through Aug. 7 for children ages 6 through 12 .
The Arduino team is using Kickstarter to crowdfund their latest project : the ESLOV IoT Invention Kit .
ESLOV is a system of intelligent modules that can be connected in an endless variety of ways , and is meant to simplify the creation of Internet-connected devices .
The connected modules are plugged into a Wi-Fi and motion hub , which will connect the device ( project ) to the Internet . Then , the hub has to be connected to the user 's PC so that it can be programmed .
Programming it is extremely easy , though – in fact , no actual programming knowledge is required . By using the ESLOV 's visual code editor , which recognises the modules automatically , the user needs to simply draw connections between them , and the device is ready to be used .
Once the device is connected to the Arduino cloud , the user can control it and interact with it from anywhere , via a computer or smartphone , through a user-friendly interface .
The ESLOV kit consists of the wireless hub and 25 modules . The team welcomes third-party modules – design files and documentation for all modules will be made publicly available , to make it easier for creative people to design and create their own .
The Arduino team needs to raise $ 500,000 to finish the development and production of the ESLOV kit . Potential funders can choose to receive kits of different sizes , priced from $ 49 ( you receive just the Wi-Fi hub ) to $ 499 ( PRO kit : Hub + 22 modules ) . The various kits can also be combined .
Delivery of the hardware to the backers is scheduled for June 2017 .
More technical information can be head on the Kickstarter project page or this blog post .
May 4 , 2017
Secretary Ryan Zinke
Department of the Interior
1849 C Street , N.W .
Washington DC 20240
Dear Secretary Zinke ,
As Secretary of the Interior , you hold the solemn responsibility to flight attendant America 's public lands and waters on behalf of the American people who own them . Our public lands , including the National Monuments you are now reviewing , represent a vital part of our nation 's heritage—a legacy that belongs not just to us , but to all future generations of Americans . It is an important part of your job to safeguard this legacy by making careful and informed decisions about what federal lands can be used for development and what special or vulnerable areas should be preserved for the future .
That is why the arbitrary 120-day deadline for you to review whether to shrink or rescind dozens of National Monuments is absurd . As you know , the process to establish a National Monument often takes years , if not decades . It involves significant study of the area of the proposed monument—including its ecological , cultural , archeological , economic and recreation value—and robust consultation with local communities and their elected representatives at every level . Given the unique and complex histories of each monument , there is simply no way to meaningfully review dozens of individual monuments in such a short period .
You justify this review on the false premise that the American people have not yet been heard on the designation of these National Monuments . But the communities near the National Monuments under your review have already made their voices heard during public input and stakeholder engagement periods prior to designation . For example , notwithstanding the rhetoric of Utah Governor Gary Herbert and members of the Utah Congressional delegation , the designation of Bears Ears National Monument involved years of public input gathered by the Obama administration . This process included a series of public meetings in Southeastern Utah in 2016 , including several sessions attended by former Interior Secretary Sally Jewell . It also included significant engagement with the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coalition , which represents tribal nations for whom the land is sacred and contains archeological artifacts with immense cultural value . Additionally , in a recent poll , 68 percent of voters in seven Western states said they prioritize the protection of land , water and wildlife for recreation on public land , compared with 22 percent who prioritized increased production of fossil fuels . Your review must account for this extensive record of consultation as you purport to seek public input .
As you undertake this review , we urge you to consider the enormous economic benefits of protected public lands for nearby communities , including many rural areas . A recent study showed that areas in the West with protected lands consistently enjoy better rates of employment and income growth compared to those with no protected lands . In the 22 years since the Grand Staircase-Escalante in Utah was declared a National Monument , jobs grew by 38 percent in two neighboring counties . The designation of 17 national monuments—including nine monuments covered under your review—led to significant increases in per capita income in regions adjacent to the newly-protected areas .
Rescinding or shrinking the National Monuments under review also threatens the fast-growing outdoor recreation economy , which relies significantly on recreation access to protected public lands . These lands are not “ locked up , ” as the Trump administration has repeatedly declared—they are extremely productive . As you know , since you participated in the outdoor industry 's announcement of a new economic study last week , the recreation economy drives $ 887 billion in consumer spending every year and supports more jobs ( 7.6 million ) than oil , natural gas and mining combined . Rescinding or shrinking the National Monuments under review would significantly impact the strength of the outdoor recreation economy and limit our ability to create and sustain jobs .
Patagonia has been outfitting outdoors people and protecting public lands for more than thirty years . The debate over land and water conservation is always complex and sometimes divisive . But we have never witnessed the legacy of America 's federal lands encountering greater risk than we see right now . As you visit these protected places and report back to the president , I urge you to follow in the tradition of President Teddy Roosevelt and conserve our shared public lands for future generations .
Sincerely ,
Yvon Chouinard
Founder
Patagonia , Inc .
Rose Marcario
President & CEO
Patagonia , Inc .
Meet the Controversial MIT Scientist Who Claims They Discovered a Cause of Gluten Intolerance
Ari LeVaux / AlterNet 27 Feb 2014 at 22:57 ET
Stephanie Seneff is a senior research scientist at MIT . Based in the university 's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory , Seneff 's focus is , according to their web page , “ the intersection of biology and computation. ” They are also , according to many in the science community , a `` quack , ” meaning a poseur at the business of science , and a practitioner of pseudoscience .
Since they began publishing papers on biology , in journals considered fringe by the mainstream scientific establishment , Seneff has posited explanations for a host of disorders , and drawn heated objections from experts in most every field she 's delved into . They are , in short , a controversial figure in the scientific community , which is an unusual position to occupy for someone with three degrees from MIT .
ADVERTISEMENT
In recent months , Seneff co-authored two papers proposing a connection between the herbicide glyphosate and gluten sensitivity . I spoke with Seneff by phone about this hypothesis , their transition from computer science into biology , and their reputation in the scientific community .
Ari LeVaux : How is it that , in your opinion , glyphosate causes gluten sensitivity ?
Stephanie Seneff : What we argued in the paper is that glyphosate binds to the gluten . Gluten usually forms cross-mesh connections between different amino acids , and glyphosate would disrupt that because it would prevent the cross-mesh by binding to the gluten and causing the gluten to stay in the form that is known to be more allergenic . So we believe glyphosate causes the gluten to assume the form that is more allergenic .
ADVERTISEMENT
ALV : You think this applies to both Celiac disease and gluten sensitivity ?
SS : Gluten sensitivity by itself does n't necessarily have the transglutaminase immunogenicity of Celiac . It shares the same features with Celiac disease , but it 's not as extreme . But these things also have a host of other pathologies that are associated with this particular condition of gluten sensitivity , which is what 's so fascinating to me . All of these risk factors that co-occur with Celiac disease could be explained through other ways that glyphosate disrupts physiology . That 's the most fascinating thing to me , is that you can explain all of these other things , maybe not directly through the effect of gluten but through the effect of glyphosate on the body .
People who have Celiac disease have increased risk for other things ; for example , non-hodgkins lymphoma , and they die earlier because of these other risks . They also have fertility problems , they are more likely to produce children with birth defects , and are more likely to have depression and serotonin problems . All of these things that are connected to Celiac disease , but also exist independently from Celiac disease , are also caused , in our opinion , by glyphosate .
ADVERTISEMENT
ALV : Your paper discusses the reason that glyphosate is being sprayed onto wheat . Could you explain this practice ?
SS : Glyphosate is being sprayed on wheat right before the harvest . This has become a more and more popular practice among farmers . We found specific data in the UK showing a dramatic increase in the practice of spraying the wheat with glyphosate right before the harvest . This is three or four days before they harvest the seed . You ca n't imagine that that glyphosate has disappeared in those three or four days . The intent is to kill the plant .
Wheat , of course , is not GMO , it 's not Round-Up ready . They probably do n't want it to be Round-Up ready because then they could n't do this anymore . This is a very convenient practice . It reduces the effort involved in the combine when you 're harvesting the wheat .
ALV : If glyphosate were causing these problems , would n't we expect to see higher incidence of these diseases that are supposedly caused by glyphosate ?
SS : One thing we certainly see in Sri Lanka and in El Salvador is agriculture workers who are working in sugarcane fields that are sprayed with glyphosate right before the harvest just as wheat is : these workers are dying at a young age from kidney failure . And people with Celiac disease are at a high risk of kidney failure . And we can see how glyphosate would kill the kidney , because you get into an overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria that produces p-cresol , which is very toxic to the kidney .
ADVERTISEMENT
And that 's just one example of how glyphosate would cause kidney problems . Sri Lanka and El Salvador have both within the last year decided to ban glyphosate usage on their farms because of what they 've seen happening to these agricultural workers .
ALV : You began your career at MIT in artificial intelligence . How and why did you transition to biology and toxicology ?
SS : I 'm a computer scientist . I do natural language processing . I 've done that for many years , we 've built dialog systems that allow people to interact with information on the web through natural language , and I 've transitioned to applications in biology over the past six or seven years . I 've published now over a dozen papers in that space . Part of what we do is analyzing drug side-effects and then providing an interface that can allow people to find out if other people have experienced similar symptoms in responding to certain drugs that they 're taking .
Recently what I 've gotten really interested in is processing the literature . So if you take the research literature on some topic , for example glyphosate , you can let the computer use NLP [ Natural Language Processing ] to help you organize the information that 's in the articles , and help you figure out the story . I think it 's a very powerful method for helping a biologist understand the biology , biochemistry and medical literature , and interpret it .
ALV : Does MIT support you in your biology research ?
ADVERTISEMENT
SS : I have been gradually transitioning more and more toward doing biology . So far MIT has been supportive and has continued to fund this work .
ALV : Do you have a biology lab ?
SS : No . It 's all computer science . It 's all synthesis . So basically what I do is I read papers and I process them with the computer to help me understand them and interpret them and generalize and build a story . So it 's really a matter of studying . Mostly what I do now is study , and then write . Trying to understand biology . I have an undergraduate degree from MIT in biology , and I also spent one year in graduate school in biology before switching over to computer science . And my PhD was on an auditory model for the human processing of speech . So that also involved biology , neurology . I 'm not a complete ignoramus in the field of biology .
ALV : If you had a lab , what experimental research would you do to test your theory on glyphosate and Celiac disease ?
SS : Take people with Celiac disease and put them on an organic diet . Or take people with inflammatory bowel disease , because that 's sort of related—in fact , a paper was just published where they put people with inflammatory bowel disease on an organic wheat diet . This wheat was an ancient heirloom wheat .
ADVERTISEMENT
The theory in this paper is that it 's the new forms of wheat that are causing inflammatory bowel disease , because the wheat itself has evolved . We 've been genetically modifying wheat , through the traditional evolutionary process that we 've used in the past . Not the GMO but other ways of manipulating the genes . So wheat today is not the same as the original ancient wheat .
With this paper they were n't thinking about glyphosate , but I suspect that what they ended up doing was show that glyphosate is causing the inflammatory bowel disease because they used organic ancient wheat compared to non-organic modern wheat .
You 'd have to measure the glyphosate in the food , obviously , to see if it was there . And you could do some kind of controlled dietary experiment on humans . Or you could do something like that on rats , too , where you could be less ethical , I suppose .
ALV : Looking back on your recent work in biology , what are your biggest successes and failures ?
SS : My biggest excitement in terms of what I 've discovered is the idea , which I 've published in a paper with co-authors , that sulfate is synthesized in the skin in response to sunlight . Sunlight catalyzes the synthesis of sulfate in the skin by an enzyme that 's called endothelial nitric oxide synthase . If true , it has tremendous impact on health .
ADVERTISEMENT
ALV : Is there anything , looking back on your career in biology , that you think you may have gotten wrong ?
SS : My thinking keeps evolving . I 'm still searching . What I wish is that more people would be allowed to be bold about hypotheses because I think biology is rather straitjacketed right now and most people are feeling they 're required to show restraint in how they interpret things and I 'm sort of being what they would call bold and adventuresome . I mean , basically , proposing things , trying them out , turning them over , synthesizing , trying to understand , because I think that we poorly understand a great deal of what 's going on in biology today .
For example , cardiovascular disease , I think is extremely poorly understood . I have my own theories about it , and I would say that it 's actually a cholesterol sulfate deficiency problem , which is of course a very radical point of view . Cholesterol sulfate deficiency . And in fact the build-up , the excess of cholesterol you see in the blood is a direct response to that deficiency in cholesterol sulfate , and the heart actually needs more cholesterol , not less , and the LDL builds up because it gets gummed up with sugar and it ca n't deliver its goods . If you 've got mail carriers that are really slow you 've got to have more of them or the mail wo n't be delivered .
ALV : You 've been called an `` anti-vaxxer '' for your views on autism . Do you believe that vaccines cause autism ?
SS : I took on the task of trying to figure out autism six or seven years ago because I got concerned about the rising incidence of autism in our country , which I think is very disturbing . It 's risen alarmingly since then . Now it 's one in 50 , which is the latest number , which is very frightening to me . So I was looking at all of the environmental toxins , because there has to be an environmental factor , or a combination of environmental factors .
Aluminum is one that I picked up on quite early . Because aluminum is very toxic , and many of the vaccines contain aluminum . And it 's injected directly in , past all the barriers .
Ordinarily the body is quite good about keeping aluminum out . The gut will absorb very little of what 's in the diet…assuming you have a healthy gut . Glyphosate produces a leaky gut , and that 's going to help the aluminum get in . What I believe now is that the aluminum in the vaccine is far more toxic as a consequence of the glyphosate that 's also in the blood . The two of them are synergistic , because the glyphosate forms a cage around the aluminum and keeps it from getting expelled . The aluminum ends up accumulating , getting trapped with the glyphosate , and then the aluminum ends up in the pineal gland , and messes up sleep , and causes a whole cascade of problems in the brain . The glyphosate and aluminum are working together to be much more toxic than they would be , acting alone .
So yes , I do believe that aluminum in vaccines is a contributing factor in autism .
ALV : How does glyphosate create this cage around aluminum ?
SS : Glyphosate cages all kinds of things . One of the things it does in the gut that 's bad is it cages all the minerals , like iron and manganese and even sulfur , so it prevents the gut bacteria from gaining access to really important micronutrients , even things like molybdenum which we only need in small amounts , but if there is n't any we 're in trouble , because certain enzymes critically depend on these minerals . Glyphosate builds a cage around them and it builds a cage around aluminum as well . There 's a nice paper on that with beautiful pictures of glyphosate caging aluminum .
ALV : The journals you 've been writing for , such as Entropy and more recently Interdisciplinary Toxicology , have been labeled by your critics as “ pay to play '' journals with “ zero impact factor . ”
SS : I will agree with them that the impact factor of these journals is low . I am very excited about the opportunity for someone like myself to be able to publish at all . Because I am , as you know , a Johnny-come-lately to the field . People do n't view me as an expert on biology . It 's a new career for me . That 's one of the problems . Another problem is that I 'm writing things that the main journals do n't want to publish , so I think there 's an uphill battle .
NEXT ON ALTERNET Trump may have asked Whitaker to meddle in New York investigations — and congress thinks they have the proof
As a child refugee in the Balkans , Andreja Pejić never dreamed of becoming a supermodel . As the trans trailblazer prepares to bare their soul in a new documentary , they share their journey to womanhood
Taken from the Summer 2015 issue of Dazed : “ For me , it was an option of doing this or living a fake life . Those were the options . To transition and to live life as a woman – what you are ! Or to pretend , to live life for other people , to make the family happy , to fit into society 's standards . But that 's not a life . That 's just a performance. ” Andreja Pejić 's answer comes serenely as vapour , delivered while setting down a cup of tea . The question had been : ‘ Were you scared ? ' No , they are n't . It was n't an option . Eighteen months ago , 23-year-old Bosnian-born supermodel androgyne Andrej Pejić became Andreja , undergoing gender reassignment surgery and formally becoming the woman they always knew they are . By their own measure , their life began . On a spring afternoon , they sit in Manhattan 's Bowery Hotel lounge , wearing velvety thigh-high boots and a solar plexus-cresting blazer . They are a softer vision in flesh than you 've seen in their sang-froid-oozing editorials , where they can resemble Kim Basinger , Nicole Kidman or Simone 2.0 . Pejić does n't mind talking fashion these days : she 's just landed their first beauty campaign with Make Up For Ever , which certainly makes a change from the Oscar-nominated actores in beauty ads we 've become accustomed to . ( “ Never thought I 'd see the day , ” they laugh . ) But the Sydney-based model gets more excited when we consider what stories they can create and share in 2015 , a year and half into their own biological womanhood and in the wake of Bruce Jenner 's era-defining announcement that he , too , will transition into a woman . Like many people , they watched the Diane Sawyer special with hopeful curiosity , declaring their support on a TV slot surrounding their recent Vogue spread , the magazine 's first to feature a transgender model .
“ A lot of people went into it thinking , ‘ Oh , it 's a publicity stunt , ' ” they say . “ But I feel like they won a lot of people over because it was pretty genuine and heartwarming and you could relate to their pain . The struggle was real and the pain was real . You could n't empathise . And also , he 's a classic American hero . It 's ironic that the greatest American male sport ideal was a woman the whole time , you know what I mean ? If it can be someone like that , it can be anyone ! They can expose this experience to a whole new group of people. ” Though clearly touched by Jenner 's honesty , Pejić knows how much work there is to be done in altering wider public perceptions of gender issues . “ I think storytelling is very powerful , ” they say . “ Exposure is good , and discussion is good . But more needs to be done to improve the lives of a huge amount of people. ” They now use their public role to promote inclusivity , awareness and discussion , going beyond the fashion industry into film . “ When you 're first in the spotlight out of a whole community of people , you end up representing them . A lot of young people grow up confused and feeling like outsiders , different from their family and everyone around them . It 's a lonely life and I do n't know anyone who would n't like to feel a little less lonely . That 's why I decided to do a documentary. ” Tentatively titled Andrej ( A ) , the Kickstarter-funded film will showcase all aspects of Pejić 's journey from man to woman , including events and feelings surrounding their gender reassignment surgery in January 2014 . As an open-minded but private person , the model surprised even themselves by agreeing to share certain facets of their life on camera . It probably helps that the director , Eric Miclette , is their good friend , and coaxed them into opening up for the documentary . “ I never imagined wanting to get this on camera , ” they say . “ But Eric said , ‘ All this stuff is happening , we should capture it . ' And , with a documentary , you ca n't really script it out . What happens to you becomes the story . It was a lot , but I came out on top . It was a risk ; I did n't necessarily know that was going to happen. ” Pejić has always been a risk-taker . After being scouted in a Melbourne McDonald 's at the age of 16 , they worked their ass off to become an otherworldly hit with designers and stylists . As a young , beautiful male who resembled a young , beautiful female , the teen shape-shifter found top-tier work in both worlds . Raf Simons was a fan , as was John Galliano . Gaultier loved Pejić so much they put them on the runway as their veiled couture bride in 2011 and made them a central muse . Carine Roitfeld draped them in Fendi for Vogue Paris and officially christened them the editorial star of a new era : the alien god ( dess ) fallen to earth .
“ I tried training myself to behave like a boy – playing football , hanging out with boys instead of girls ... It half-worked ” – Andreja Pejić
Looking back , Pejić seems bemused by their own blasé attitude towards it all . “ My knowledge of fashion was not as good as it should have been , ” they admit . “ I should have understood how big that situation was at the time . Obviously , I liked the clothes and it felt good . But I entered modelling so I could make money to pay for my transition and get back to my family. ” It 's no wonder Pejić is so pragmatic . Them family found itself in poverty amid a desperate refugee situation in Belgrade during the 90s Yugoslav Wars . Memories of the 1999 Nato bombing , they say , are still “ stuck in my mind ” . It was the first time they were confronted with their own mortality . “ I was with my mother and grandmother at the grocery store . We heard the air raid sirens and we all had to run to the bomb shelter . We did n't know if the bomb was going to drop . I remember my mom wanted to leave and check on my brother . Everyone was crying a lot . I did n't want to part with her , but I wanted my brother to be OK . I did n't know who it would be worse to lose . It was the first time I had ever seen my grandmother in distress ... Yeah , imperialism is a horrible thing. ” Them laugh is light but loaded . Granted political asylum in 2000 , Pejić moved to Melbourne , Australia with their mother , grandmother and brother . ( Her father remained in Europe . ) By that time , thoughts of being a girl were a private dream . Them mum , an academic with a middle-class upbringing , was their early and obvious icon . “ I idolised her , ” they say . “ I wanted to grow up and be like them They were very beautiful – kind of aristocratic. ” Them mother was also the only person who let young Andreja-to-be “ get away with ” their feminine displays . When they were among everyone else , Pejić rehearsed a socially sanctioned version of herself . “ I spent most of my childhood very aware of gender and showing feminine characteristics . When I was young , people thought I would grow out of it , and I think I tried to from about 9 to 13 years old . I tried training myself to behave like a boy – playing football , hanging out with boys instead of girls ... It half-worked , ” they say with a grim smile . “ It was enough to help with bullying and being called gay at school. ” But within , the void was growing .
Photography Jeff Bark ; styling Robbie Spencer
“ It was a 24-hour , seven-days-a-week performance , ” says Pejić , whose gender roleplay failed to meet with the approval of their brother . “ I was n't very close with him . They could always see through my attempt at being a boy and it would piss them off . They did n't understand at the time why I did n't have a need to be macho . We would watch TV and Christina Aguilera would come on , and they just knew that I liked that song . I would n't even express that I did . They would just change the channel . Growing up , everything was ‘ gay ' . You know what I mean ? Being too intelligent was gay ! Being interested in female artists was gay . Boys really suppress each other , that 's the irony of the patriarchy. ” Puberty , with its Kafka-esque physical transformations and locker-room spectacles , posed another huge threat to someone already struggling to reconcile their sense of self and how to express it . “ You have a certain amount of freedom as a child , you can get away with more , ” says Pejić , who dreaded becoming a man . “ I did not want to go through male puberty . I would measure myself every day to see how tall I was . I would look at my father and brother and they were very masculine men . I knew if I finished puberty , I would be so far from what I wanted to be. ” They needed to find a way to stop testosterone in its tracks . “ At the age of 13 , I was living this kind of half-life and got very curious , ” they say . “ I would spend hours researching everything from black holes to human chromosomes . Then , one day at the library , I typed ‘ sex change ' into Google . From there , I discovered everything about what it means to be trans. ” They joined online communities , researched puberty-blocking hormones , started seeing a psychiatrist . They did all of this before breathing a word to their family . Desperate to stop their body from betraying her , but lacking the funds and family-sanctioned status to attain hormones from a doctor , they researched low-risk medications and resorted to buying the testosterone-suppressing hormone Androcur from an online pharmacy . ( “ I do n't recommend doing it this way , ” they are quick to warn now . ) And then , at the age of 14 , they finally came out to their mother . “ I came to them with a little booklet. ” they laugh . “ I was like , ‘ I 'm seeing doctors , I 'm doing fine , I 've got it all covered ! ' ” Even as a teenager , Pejić had a knack for telling people their plans after she 'd already put them into action .
“ For a lot of your life as a trans woman , when you picture yourself old , you picture yourself alone . But the world is changing ” – Andreja Pejić
Health Canada is taking further steps to warn consumers of the dangers of acetaminophen overdose .
A 2014 report found that more than 4-billion doses of acetaminophen are sold each year in Canada . Typically found in cold and flu medicines , the medication becomes risky when too much is taken , or it 's taken too long .
In severe cases , overdosing on acetaminophen leads to acute liver failure . In its report , Health Canada found that acetaminophen is the leading cause of serious liver injury in Canada and in other countries such as the U.S. , the U.K. and Australia . Of the more than 250 cases of serious liver injury , more than half involved accidental overdose .
Since many non-prescription products contain acetaminophen , taking one or more at a time was a common cause for the overdose . Health Canada plans to strengthen the standards for labelling acetaminophen for non-prescription products by using plain language so people can understand the risks to the liver and adding a drug facts table .
In the fall , the organization will consult with patient safety groups , health professionals and industry leader to determine if the maximum daily dosage should be lowered among other items .
There are several types of allergy , each caused by a certain stimulus . This condition manifests itself as a rash on the skin , burning sensation of mucous membranes , copious tearing , runny nose and other symptoms . Tablets against allergies diminish human suffering , but do not rule out re-emergence of signs of the illness . By identifying stimulus is necessary to exclude any contact with it . Each variety has its own allergy medicines .
Medications against allergies are divided into several categories . Before taking any of them , be sure to consult a specialist . Forms of allergies have their own distinguishing features , so the methods of getting rid of the ailment also differ in each case . Some medicines are used for the general therapy , others — as a local therapy .
Categories medicines against allergies :
Antihistamine preparations of I , II and III generation
Homeopathic remedies
Hormonal medicines
Chromones
Allergies could also be used by generic medicines . You should talk to your physician about generics and if the doctor approves , you may buy antiallergic medicines online .
Antihistamines ( I , II and III generations )
Histamine is an agent which causes burning sensations and itching of mucous membranes . Antihistamines relieve discomfort and block the stimulus that causes allergic reactions . The main difference between different generations of these medicines is the probability of undesirable outcomes and duration of exposure on the organism . Antiallergic remedies of the first generation yield in their effectiveness to the remedies of the third and second generations . They are characterized by the presence of many contraindications . Third-generation medications are the most powerful tools in the fight against allergies and cause virtually no negative responses . Where to buy Antihistamines ? They are commonly available in traditional drugstores , but also you can choose an online pharmacy and buy medicines online at the lowest price .
Hormonal preparations
Means against allergies based on hormones belong to the third generation of medicines . They are composed of specific compounds that in short period of time eliminate the allergy signs , but physicians recommend using them only in extreme cases . The method of treatment by hormonal medicines is prescribed only when the other remedies are ineffective . These medications are available in several forms : tablets , injectable formulations , ointments , sprays . Excessive use of these remedies results in serious pathologies such as stomach ulcers , reduced immunity and significantly increased blood pressure . Such preparations must not be taken without prescription and treatment must not be abruptly stopped . The independent activity in this case leads not only to a lack of results in the fight against allergies , but also causes aggravations of the illness . Where to purchase drugs urgently ? This could be done either in any drugstores of your city or in a legitimate online pharmacy with fast delivery .
Homeopathic remedies
There are special methods of treatment allergies that are considered the safest : these are homeopathic medicines . These remedies have virtually no adverse reactions and contraindications ; they could be prescribed even to babies and infants and even are not prohibited during pregnancy . Homeopathic medicines are produced in three forms : cream , spray and drops . These medicines help not only to relieve the symptoms of allergic reactions , but also eliminate their seasonal displays .
The advantages of homeopathic preparations :
They are not addictive
There is no need to increase the dosage
They can produce some kind of immunity in the organism to recurrent manifestations of allergy
Chromones
They used primarily for preventive purposes . Course of reception in this case differs by its prolonged durations . The result is noticeable after a few weeks . The main contraindications are considered pregnancy and lactation .
What antiallergic drugs can be used during pregnancy ?
When buying tablets against allergies , you should carefully examine the instructions . This instruction you can get from your pharmacist , but also , you 'll get it along with the needed pills if you purchase generic antiallergic drugs online . Course of reception should be carried out only under the expert examination of the woman . Physicians recommend prophylaxis of allergies starting before conception . Even in the absence of chronic allergies , during pregnancy a future mother must be attentive to their lifestyle and diet . Allergic reactions cause dust , household chemicals , cosmetics , berries and many other potential irritants . Throughout the pregnancy they must completely stop smoking and drinking alcohol . The room must always be ventilated , and it is better to wait until the baby is born if they decided to get a pet .
What medicines could be used by kids ?
In childhood allergies are not uncommon . Many babies suffer from allergic reactions to detergent , food or animal fur . In later childhood is widespread such a problem as diathesis ( allergic to sweets ) . Using of strong preparations against allergies by kids is not recommended . Much more reasonable way to deal with such reactions is the removal of stimuli , attention to the child in terms of nutrition and creation of favorable living conditions . Only a pediatrician is able to diagnose an allergy . It is believed that the most common allergies are reactions to medicines , foods and allergic skin rashes . Treatment of each of these displays needs a special program . First must be detected a stimulus then conducted further examination and only then assigned a medication . Within the remedies , that could be used by young patients could be noted Claritin and Zyrtec . You can buy original version of these medicines in a conventional drugstore or you can buy generic Claritin online without prescription .
article
“ The minute you have a back-up plan , you 've admitted you 're not going to succeed. ” – Theranos CEO and founder Elizabeth Holmes
Continue Reading Below
Tomorrow will be six months to the day since the Wall Street Journal 's John Carreyrou broke the news that all is not well at Theranos , the $ 9 billion Silicon Valley unicorn founded by Stanford dropout Elizabeth Holmes at 19 . For the once-celebrated entrepreneurial icon , things have not gone well , to say the least .
Earlier this week , the Journal revealed the latest in a long string of blockbuster revelations , that federal regulators are close to revoking the license of the company 's California lab and banning Holmes and Theranos president Sunny Balwani from running or owning any lab for two years .
The company could appeal , but would not likely prevail . The data 's pretty damning and the writing 's on the wall . The company 's supposedly breakthrough technology simply does n't work . And Theranos has done just about everything it possibly could to shoot itself in the foot . If I did n't know any better , I 'd think that was the plan all along .
The question is , how could this have happened ? How could such a highly valued startup on its way to upending the $ 76 billion laboratory diagnostics industry by replacing test tubes of blood drawn from a vein with a few drops from a finger stick fall so far so fast ? And how could Holmes ' star , which shone so brightly , fall practically overnight .
If you had to find a way to destroy a brand and blow a $ 9 billion valuation , you 'd be hard pressed to come up with a better plan than the one Holmes has pursued since October 16 , 2015 . If you had just six months to kill Theranos , this is how you 'd do it :
Advertisement
When an investigative journalist from the Wall Street Journal calls to tell you he 's got credible sources saying bad things about your company on the record and wants to chat about it , assume he 's not really serious . Keep stonewalling them and hope they find something more exciting to write about .
When the story finally breaks , and it 's a front-page blockbuster that casts serious doubt on the efficacy and accuracy of your technology , claim that it 's “ inaccurate , misleading and defamatory ” and that the allegations are “ grounded in baseless assertions by disgruntled former employees and industry incumbents . ”
Post long rambling rants on your website that deny everything the two-time Pulitzer Prize winning investigative reporter wrote because he 's simply flat out wrong . Attack them as being out to get you from the start . Call your posts “ Theranos Facts ” without actually stating any facts that can be verified by an objective third party .
Express your outrage to a TV personality , decrying that , “ This is what happens when you work to change things . First they think you 're crazy . Then they fight you . And then all of a sudden you change the world. ” Act shocked and appalled that “ the Journal would publish something like this … ”
Compulsively proclaim “ unparalleled transparency ” while being completely opaque . Use impressive numbers with lots of zeros when talking about how many tests you 've run , patients you 've served , and pages of data you 've submitted to the media while providing zero evidence of the accuracy of your tests .
Threaten the widow of your former chief scientist with legal trouble after learning that they spoke to the Journal and said that their husband , who coauthored 23 patents during eight years with the company , repeatedly told them before they committed suicide that , “ nothing was working . ”
Suggest that you voluntarily filed for FDA approval because it 's the highest standard . Watch as an FDA investigation concludes that your proprietary nanotainer is an unapproved medical device and approves the use of your proprietary technology for just one of the more than 240 blood tests you offer . Act as if that was all part of the plan .
Ensure that none of the investors who pumped more than $ 750 million into your company are actually on your board of directors . Instead , stack the board with insiders and retired big-name politicians and administrators who have no real vested interest in the company .
Claim that you have n't submitted your proprietary technology for peer-review by independent third parties or medical journals because you have to protect the family jewels from evil competitors . But when push comes to shove , say you 'll do it . Really soon . Really . But never actually do it .
Announce plenty of partnerships with big-name healthcare providers like the Cleveland Clinic and San Francisco-based Dignity Health . Never mind that not one of those relationships ever gets off the ground .
Go dark when it 's revealed that Safeway is abandoning plans to open Theranos wellness centers in 800 supermarkets , even after spending $ 350 million on the initiative . Mum 's the word when Walgreen 's halts expansion of your relationship and searches desperately for a way to distance itself from a growing scandal .
When the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) investigate and find “ serious deficiencies ” that post “ immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety ” at your California Lab , brush it off as minor issues you 've coincidentally already corrected , but actually have n't .
Make sure you 're nowhere to be found when researchers at Mount Sinai show that your cholesterol test results are way off and a scathing 121-page CMS report reveals that your proprietary Edison tester yields unacceptably inaccurate and erratic results on a whole bunch of blood tests .
After a dozen years of development , hiring more than a thousand employees , and burning through ungodly amounts of cash , Holmes ' plan was apparently to make an enormous splash , go live on real people , and hope nobody notices that the stuff does n't work . At least that 's how it seems to me .
And when the media got wind of it , they went into denial , avoidance and attack mode .
Holmes recently told a group of Stanford graduate business students that , “ The minute you have a back-up plan , you 've admitted you 're not going to succeed. ” That may be good advice if you 're writing an app , but when human beings are counting on you for an accurate diagnosis , it 's delusional .
Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley 's Twitter account was hacked on Monday by someone calling themselves a follower of `` hactivist '' collective Anonymous . The move looks to be done in retaliation against anti-piracy bills SOPA and PIPA .
“ Dear Iowans , vote against ACTA , SOPA , and PIPA , because this man , Chuck Grassley , wants YOUR internet censored and all of that BS , ” read Grassley 's official Twitter account Monday afternoon .
More from GlobalPost : PIPA backers Sens Marco Rubio , John Cornyn back off bill
Grassley , one of the original co-sponsors of PIPA ( Protect IP Act ) , pulled their support for the bill after a wave of protests swept the internet last week , The Hill reported .
“ And yes , I am an Anonymous follower , ” the account tweeted moments after the original message , according to Talking Points Memo . That tweet was followed by “ Yes I was hacked ” and “ Wow , Chuck has n't even changed their password . ''
The apparent hacker mentioned a specific location : “ Well , its been fun getting Chuck 's account this week , so I better get off . I got nothing better to do since we got a snow day here in Osage. ” The reference appeared to be to Osage , Iowa , which was in the midst of a snow storm when the hacking occurred , TPM reported .
Many of the hacked tweets have since been removed from Grassley 's account .
More from GlobalPost : Hacker collective Anonymous shuts down Department of Justice website , among others
Senator Grassley 's office did not immediately have a comment about the hacking , The Hill reported .
This article is over 2 years old
Russian president made key decisions in operation seen as revenge for past criticisms by Hillary Clinton , says NBC
US intelligence officials believe that Vladimir Putin was personally involved in hacking during the American election campaign as part of a vendetta against Hillary Clinton , NBC News has claimed .
The Russian president personally instructed how material hacked from US Democrats was leaked and otherwise used , the US television network said , quoting two senior officials with access to this information .
The officials said they have a “ high level of confidence ” in this new assessment , NBC reported .
Russian involvement in US vote raises fears for European elections Read more
Last weekend the Washington Post reported a CIA evaluation that Russia had hacked the emails of US persons and institutions as a way to sway the election in favor of Republican Donald Trump , who defeated Clinton on 8 November .
Putin has reportedly never forgiven Clinton – then secretary of state – for publicly questioning the integrity of parliamentary elections in 2011 in Russia , and accused them of encouraging street protests .
The intelligence officials told NBC that Putin 's goals in the alleged hacking began as revenge against Clinton .
But they transformed into a broader effort to show that the world of US politics was corrupt and , in the words of one official , to “ split off key American allies by creating the image that ( other countries ) could n't depend on the US to be a credible global leader anymore ” .
In preparation for possible retaliation , US intelligence agencies have intensified their investigations into Putin 's personal wealth , NBC said , citing US officials .
Trump , who has spoken warmly of Putin , has dismissed as “ ridiculous ” the allegation that Russia was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and people close to Clinton .
Leading US lawmakers have called for a formal congressional investigation into the hacking .
Tinder sets age-based pricing tiers , BlackBerry makes a weird sliding phone , and Cyanogen wants to `` slaughter '' Samsung . The last 24 hour of news bits and rumors have been full of weird , and it 's all on BitStream .
Tinder Plus launched yesterday and with it came a very strange pricing model—one completely based on age . For U.S users between 18-29 , they 'll have to pony up $ 10/month for the service , but if you 're 30+ , be prepared to pay double that . Why ? The answer is simple—older people make more money than them damned , budget constrained under 30s . Basically , Tinder Plus just wants to make the most money possible and supposedly tests in other markets suggests this model works . They 've compared the pricing tier to how Spotify charges less for students , but that does n't seem like an exact apples-to-apples comparison . I do n't know , Tinder . Seems pretty ageist to me .
Advertisement
Cyanogen CEO Kirk McMaster has a taste for making bold statements . First , they want to `` take Android Away from Google '' and now they say in five years , Samsung will be `` slaughtered . '' [ Business Insider ]
Samsung is n't the only ones adding some curved to our typical slabs of phone . Newly revealed at MWC , this new BlackBerry will have a full touchscreen ... and a keyboard slider . [ BlackBerry ]
Apps and Devices
The most popular gaming engine in existence , Unreal Engine 4 , just became absolutely free . Go forth , and create the game of your dreams . [ Unreal Engine ]
Despite losing Samsung as a major partner , Qualcomm is relentlessly forging ahead with an even more powerful processor—the Snapdragon 820 . [ Qualcomm ]
The private beta for OS X 10.10.3 is now available . Go try that new photos app , and celebrate the death of iPhoto .
Google Plus as we know it is dead , but it 'll be back and ( hopefully ) better than ever . [ Google+ ]
Advertisement
Rumors !
Many were expecting another Samsung watch at MWC , but surprisingly , Samsung said they were pumping the breaks on making new hardware . However , they did say their next watch was going to be `` perfect . '' Wait to set impossible expectations , guys . [ SamMobile ]
One of the most exciting things coming out of Windows 10 is Microsoft 's new browser , codename Spartan . This leaked video gives us an even longer look at the new , Greek-themed browser . The best news ? Spartan should be available in the next release of Windows 10 .
What You Might Have Missed on Gizmodo
11 of the Most Obnoxious Email Signatures Ever
The Dress and # Ferguson Are the Two Sides of Social Media Explosions
Notculus Rift : How I Hacked Together My Own Serious VR Headset
Welcome to the Rural Town That Wants To Build a Hyperloop Utopia
The New Galaxy S6 Will Have a Built-In Expiration Date
Contact the author at darren.orf @ gizmodo.com .
Sex Chromosome Abnormalities
The majority of known types of chromosomal abnormalities involve sex chromosomes . In frequency of occurrence , they are only slightly less common than autosomal abnormalities . However , they are usually much less severe in their effects . The high frequency of people with sex chromosome aberrations is partly due to the fact that they are rarely lethal conditions . Like Down syndrome and other autosomal problems , sex chromosome gross abnormalities can be diagnosed before birth by amniocentesis and chorionic villi sampling .
Sex chromosome abnormalities are gender specific . Normal males inherit an X and a Y chromosome while females have two X 's . A single Y chromosome is sufficient to produce maleness while its absence is necessary for femaleness . Female abnormalities are due to variations in the number of X chromosomes . Male abnormalities are the result of irregular numbers of either the X or the Y chromosome or both .
Female Sex Chromosome Abnormalities
Turner syndrome occurs when females inherit only one X chromosome -- their genotype is X0 ( i.e. , monosomy X ) . If they survive to birth , these girls have abnormal growth patterns . They are short in stature , averaging 4 foot 7 inches as adults , and often have distinctive webbed necks ( i.e. , extra folds of skin ) , small jaws , and high arched palates . They generally lack prominent female secondary sexual characteristics . They have exceptionally small , widely spaced breasts , broad shield-shaped chests , and turned-out elbows . Their ovaries do not develop normally and they do not ovulate . The few oöcytes that they produce are destroyed by the time they are two . They are in a sense mail carriersopausal from early childhood and are sterile . However , they can become pregnant and give birth if fertilized eggs from a donor are implanted . Women with Turner syndrome have a higher than average incidence of thyroid disease , vision and hearing problems , heart defects , diabetes , and other autoimmune disorders . In a few individuals , there is slight mental retardation . Turner syndrome is rare . Current estimates of its frequency range from 1 in 2,000 to 1 in 5,000 female infants . If diagnosed in early childhood , regular injections of human growth hormones can increase their stature by a few inches . Beginning around the normal age of puberty , estrogen replacement therapy can result in some breast development and menstruation . These treatments allow Turner syndrome women to appear relatively normal .
Turner Syndrome characteristics of Turner Syndrome and treatment for it .
This link takes you to an external website . To return here , you must click
the `` back '' button on your browser program . ( length = 2 mins , 39 secs )
Triple-X syndrome occurs in women who inherit three X chromosomes -- their genotype is XXX or more rarely XXXX or XXXXX . As adults , these `` super-females '' or `` metafemales '' , as they are sometimes known , generally are an inch or so taller than average with unusually long legs and slender torsos but otherwise appear normal . They usually have normal development of sexual characteristics and are fertile but tend to have some ovary abnormalities that can lead to premature ovarian failure . They may have slight learning difficulties , especially in speech and language skills , and are usually in the low range of normal intelligence ( especially the XXXX and XXXXX individuals ) . They frequently are very tall in childhood and tend to be emotionally immature for their size . This sometimes results in teachers and other adults labeling them as troublemakers because they expect more maturity from bigger girls . However , they are usually as emotionally mature as other girls of their age . None of these traits prevent them from being socially accepted as ordinary adult women . Individuals who are genetic mosaics ( XX/XXX ) have less noticeable symptoms . Triple-X syndrome is less rare than Turner syndrome , but little is known about it . The frequency is approximately 1 in 1,000 female infants and it occurs more commonly when the mother is older .
Male Sex Chromosome Abnormalities
Klinefelter syndrome males inherit one or more extra X chromosomes -- their genotype is XXY or more rarely XXXY or XY/XXY mosaic . In severe cases , they have relatively high-pitched voices , asexual to feminine body contours as well as breast enlargement , and comparatively little facial and body hair . They are sterile or nearly so , and their testes and prostate gland are small . As a result , they produce relatively small amounts of testosterone . The feminizing effects of this hormonal imbalance can be significantly diminished if Klinefelter syndrome boys are regularly given testosterone from the age of puberty on . Like triple-X females ( described above ) , many Klinefelter syndrome men are an inch or so above average height . They also are likely to be overweight . They usually have learning difficulties as children , especially with language and short-term memory . If not given extra help in early childhood , this often leads to poor school grades and a subsequent low self esteem . However , most men who have Klinefelter syndrome are sufficiently ordinary in appearance and mental ability to live in society without notice . It is not unusual for Klinefelter syndrome adults with slight symptoms to be unaware that they have it until they are tested for infertility . They are usually capable of normal sexual function , including erection and ejaculation , but many , if not most , are unable to produce sufficient amounts of sperm for conception . Klinefelter syndrome males with more than two X chromosomes usually have extreme symptoms and are often slightly retarded mentally . Men who are mosaic ( XY/XXY ) generally have the least problems . There is no evidence that Klinefelter syndrome boys and men are more inclined to be homosexual , but they are more likely to be less interested in sex . They have a higher than average risk of developing osteoporosis , diabetes , and other autoimmune disorders that are more common in women . This may be connected to low testosterone production . Subsequently , regular testosterone therapy is often prescribed . The frequency of Klinefelter syndrome has been reported to be between 1 in 500 and 1 in 1000 male births . This makes it one of the most common chromosomal abnormalities . Males with Down syndrome sometimes also have Klinefelter syndrome . Both syndromes are more likely to occur in babies of older mothers .
Klinefelter Syndrome traits described by a doctor of medical genetics
This link takes you to an external website . To return here , you must click
the `` back '' button on your browser program . ( length = 1 mins , 48 secs )
XYY syndrome males inherit an extra Y chromosome -- their genotype is XYY . As adults , these `` super-males '' are usually tall ( above 6 feet ) and generally appear and act normal . However , they produce high levels of testosterone . During adolescence , they often are slender , have severe facial acne , and are poorly coordinated . They are usually fertile and lead ordinary lives as adults . Many , if not most , are unaware that they have a chromosomal abnormality . The frequency of XYY syndrome is not certain due to statistical differences between different studies . It may be as common as 1 in 900 male births to as rare as 1 in 1500 or even 1 in 2,000 . XYY syndrome is also referred to as Jacobs syndrome .
Early studies of XYY syndrome done in European prisons initially led to the erroneous conclusion that these men were genetically predisposed to antisocial , aggressive behavior , below average intelligence , and homosexuality . Contributing to the early view that XYY syndrome men have serious personality disorders was the case of Richard Speck . In 1966 , they coldly murdered 8 nurses in a Chicago dormitory . At their trial , their lawyer claimed that they were innocent due to uncontrollable urges caused by their XYY genotype . This novel appeal was akin to claiming insanity or severely diminished mental competence . The jury was not convinced and found them guilty of murder . They were sentenced to life in prison where they eventually died . In fact , Richard Speck did not have an XYY genotype . However , some researchers suggest that the high testosterone levels of XYY men can make them somewhat more prone to violence and that this may cause higher rates of wife beating .
An application that allows iPhone users to wobble a pair of breasts has been rejected by Apple 's application store , denying iPhone geeks the nearest thing to sex they 'll get this holiday season .
The application was rejected on the grounds of `` objectionable content '' , though with the caveat : `` If you believe that you can make the necessary changes so that iBoobs does not violate the iPhone SDK Agreement we encourage you to do so . '' Though it 's hard to see how that would n't detract from the core proposition :
The app was developed by Mystic Game Development , and we have to accept the possibility that it was done just to demonstrate their character animation middleware - in which case we can only congratulate them on a job well done .
Apple is , of course , missing a trick here : a small tweak ( ahem ) would allow the most enthusiastic vibration to cause the Bulgarian airbags to burst their restraints . Even the rumour of such a feature would no doubt sell a lot of replacement iPhones - in fact , a rumour might work better .
Some of the more seasoned Reg hacks reckon this is a rip off of an early DOS application that offered much the same functionality , only using mouse prods rather than tilt functions , so perhaps Apple was more worried about copyright infringement than upsetting the masses . ®
Macaroni and Trees
Now , one of your favorite childhood meals is available in medicated form . Macaroni and trees is an especially savory way for many patients to medicate . To make this one-of-a-kind edible , simply add your own Cannabis-infused butter to any homemade macaroni and cheese recipe or even a boxed macaroni and cheese container . Whenever it calls for butter , obviously just substitute the medicated butter for regular . Once you have the butter made , the whole process takes less than 15 minutes , making it one of the fastest ways to make a medicated meal . Enjoy macaroni and trees whenever you fancy it .
Also , due to the fact that the recipe generally does not call for too much butter , it is a good idea to make your Cannabis-infused butter more potent than you normally would . It just depends on your personal preference .
Previously : Police : Officers Faced Over 1000 # OccupyOakland Protesters Tuesday Night , Used “ Less-Than-Lethal ” Tactics To Disperse ( Video )
4:17 PM : An Iraq War veteran was critically injured during “ Occupy Oakland ” protests Tuesday night when they were hit in the head with a police projectile , according to the group Iraq Veterans Against the War .
Scott Olsen , 24 , of Daly City , has been active in the “ Occupy SF ” and “ Occupy Oakland ” protests over the past several weeks , and attended large protests Tuesday night in response to the police removal of the protesters ' encampment at Frank Ogawa Plaza .
Olsen served two tours of duty in Iraq , and has since been involved in Iraq Veterans Against the War and Veterans for Peace , said Dottie Guy , Bay Area chapter president for Iraq Veterans Against the War .
“ Every time I saw them at the Occupy SF movement he 's always been extremely pleasant , ” said Guy , who said they first met Olsen several weeks ago through their organization .
They were discharged from the U.S. Marine Corps in 2010 and works in Daly City as a systems administrator , according to a news release issued by Iraq Veterans Against the War .
The release stated that Olsen is currently sedated at Highland Hospital in Oakland with a skull fracture awaiting examination by a neurosurgeon .
Abele Carpenter , 29 , a friend of Olsen 's who met them through their anti-war activism , said they visited Olsen in the hospital early this morning and has been in touch with their family .
Carpenter said the hospital has stopped allowing them to visit Olsen , who was stable but still in serious condition when they saw them last , and is waiting for their family to arrive from Wisconsin .
Carpenter said they first met Olsen over the summer through their work with the Civilian-Soldier Alliance after they moved to the Bay Area in July .
They said Olsen is “ really passionate about their work speaking out against unjust wars , and for rights for veterans and service members . ”
Carpenter said that a few weeks ago , they and Olsen did outreach together for active duty sailors during Fleet Week , and that Olsen was involved in trying to stop the redeployment of traumatized service members .
“ He has a real breadth to their politics and social justice commitment , ” Carpenter said . They said Olsen had been camping at Occupy SF consistently for at least a week .
Protesters started gathering this afternoon at 14th Street and Broadway , just outside of Frank Ogawa Plaza , which remains barricaded today .
Friends and supporters of Olsen have gathered for a vigil there , including veterans and fellow protesters .
Joshua Shepherd , a six-year Navy veteran and an activist with Veterans for Peace , attended the vigil , and said they also visited Olsen in the hospital this morning .
“ It 's unconscionable that you go overseas to protect our country , but you get injured by police officers who are supposed to be protecting us , ” Shepherd said .
Jason Matherne , an activist and friend of Olsen 's , called for protesters to remain non-violent in the face of the escalating protests in Oakland .
“ If you agree with Scott about ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and support him , do it peacefully and with civil disobedience , ” Matherne said .
Another friend at the vigil said a fund is being set up to assist with Olsen 's medical expenses and their family 's travel expenses from Wisconsin at www.ivaw.org .
Olsen was injured overnight as law enforcement officers used tear gas , rubber bullets and smoke grenades attempting to break up an assembly outside Oakland 's Frank Ogawa Plaza at 14th Street and Broadway .
The protests began with a rally outside the Oakland Public Library at 14th and Madison streets at 4 p.m. Tuesday . Protesters rallied there after police removed their encampment in Frank Ogawa Plaza in an early-morning raid Tuesday .
The group had been occupying the plaza to protest the gap between rich and poor , corporate greed , deadlocked politics , and a number of other issues .
The protesters have vowed to continue the protests tonight , and every subsequent night until they retake the plaza .
ScottMorris/JeffShuttleworth , Bay City News
2:38 PM : An Iraq War veteran was critically injured during “ Occupy Oakland ” protests Tuesday night when they were hit in the head with a police projectile , according to the group Iraq Veterans Against the War .
Scott Olsen , 24 , of Daly City , has been active in the “ Occupy SF ” and “ Occupy Oakland ” protests over the past several weeks , and attended large protests Tuesday night in response to the police removal of the protesters ' encampment at Frank Ogawa Plaza .
Olsen served two tours of duty in Iraq , and has since been involved in Iraq Veterans Against the War and Veterans for Peace , said Dottie Guy , Bay Area chapter president for Iraq Veterans Against the War .
“ Every time I saw them at the Occupy SF movement he 's always been extremely pleasant , ” said Guy , who said they first met Olsen several weeks ago through their organization .
They were discharged from the U.S. Marine Corps in 2010 and works in Daly City as a systems administrator , according to a news release issued by Iraq Veterans Against the War .
The release stated that Olsen is currently sedated at Highland Hospital in Oakland with a skull fracture awaiting examination by a neurosurgeon .
They were injured overnight as law enforcement personnel used tear gas , rubber bullets and smoke grenades attempting to break up an assembly outside Oakland 's Frank Ogawa Plaza at 14th Street and Broadway .
The protests began with a rally outside the Oakland Public Library at 14th and Madison streets at 4 p.m. Tuesday . Protesters rallied there after police removed their encampment in Frank Ogawa Plaza in an early-morning raid Tuesday .
The group had been occupying the plaza to protest the gap between rich and poor , corporate greed , deadlocked politics , and a number of other issues .
Protesters have vowed to return to Frank Ogawa Plaza tonight to continue the protest , and have said they intend to protest there every day until they retake the plaza .
Video : Reporter Susie Cagle getting gassed Tuesday night , you can contribute to their coverage of Occupy Oakland here .
Scott Morris , Bay City News
Want more news , sent to your inbox every day ? Then how about subscribing to our email newsletter ? Here 's why we think you should . Come on , give it a try .
With the NFL avoiding its record-setting third tie of the season by about a quarter-inch on Sunday night , there were renewed suggestions in some circles that the league 's “ new ” overtime rules , now in their fifth season , need to be altered so as to avoid the tie epidemic that seems to be taking over the NFL . ( Forget that the league has played 176 games in 2016 and only flirted with a tie three times . There 's never been an NFL debate improved by facts and evidence . )
The beef is with the decree that gives overtime kicking teams a chance to match an opening field goal from the receiving team . The idea , as exhibited in the Broncos-Chiefs game , is that by the time the first team hits its field goal and the second team extends the game by hitting a game-tying one of its own , there 's usually not much time left on the clock for either team to do much of anything . Indeed , after the Broncos opened OT with a field goal and the Chiefs matched , the Broncos did n't get to start their second overtime possession until there was 4:19 remaining in the game .
Of the five tie games since the new rule went into effect , three would n't have been tied under the old rules ( meaning , the return team hit a field goal at the start of overtime and , because of the new rule , the kickoff team was able to match ) . Of those three games , the third possession of overtime — when both field-goal possessions were over and the game truly turned to sudden death — did n't start until 3:49 ( Vikings/Packers , 2012 ) , 2:19 ( Panthers/Bengals , 2014 ) and 6:42 ( Seahawks/Cardinals , 2016 ) were remaining in overtime . The haters have a point : When you extend the game with field goals , there 's not a whole lot of game left when you 're done .
Article continues below ...
So what do you do ? Last night I tweeted that maybe you add five minutes to the clock once both teams hit field goals in overtime . Maybe you go into a gimmicky , college-like format if the game ends tied , possibly by forcing teams have to go for it on fourth downs once sudden death starts . ( Do n't even suggest the regular college overtime rule , which was never exposed as more gimmicky than on Saturday , when in the biggest game of the year with a spot in the College Football Playoff on the line , Michigan and Ohio State played the equivalent of a football coin flip . It 's great for October games . Games with something immediate on the line ? Not so much . ) Or you could always keep playing .
All these ideas miss the key point about the NFL tie : Unlike similar results in soccer , hockey or chess , football ties are exciting . The end result may not be satisfactory for fans , players or coaches , but you ca n't deny the inherent excitement that leads to teams deadlocking . Watching incompetence , which is what you 're doing in most ties , is great .
Though the NHL has constantly attempted to get rid of ties by tweaking rules through a half-dozen or so iterations , the league did so because hockey ties were becoming boring and one-note . Teams would play it safe in the final minute or two , opting to take the point that came along with the tie and move on to the next game . The same sort of apathy accompanied a number of innovative changes and the problem was finally solved , for the most part , with the new 3-on-3 OT rules that encourage shots , speed and action .
But what 's good for hockey is n't necessarily good for football . With 16 games compared to 82 , you always have to play for the win ( except when you 're kicking a 62-yard field goal with a guy who 's never made one beyond 57 yards and risk giving the ball back to your opponent with 60 seconds remaining and the ball in your own territory ) . Given that , ties may have the kiss-your-sister feel in the postgame , but they 're thrilling in real time . The three ties ( or near-ties ) are among the most instantly memorable games of 2016 : the 6-6 shank-fest in an otherwise soul-sapping Cardinals-Seahawks tie , Washington 's Dustin Hopkins adding to the party with their own shank from 34 yards out in the Redskins-Bengals game in London and then Sunday night 's 34-yard sneak-in by Cairo Santos . ( If that ball had ricocheted at 95 degrees instead of 89 , the finish still would have been a thriller talked about for years . ) What other tie games in sports can you say that about ? I think we 'll all remember where we were when Switzerland and France drew to nil-nil at the 2016 Euro Cup .
There are plenty of complaints to be had with the overtime format , but I do n't think I 've heard a single person say it 's unfair , the main ( and accurate ) complaint with the old system . Teams get chances to win . It 's not unfair that the Redskins , Seahawks , Cardinals and Broncos could n't hit a field goal this year that would have won them the game . They had their opportunities . When you do n't take advantage , a tie is a reasonable , logical outcome . It 's a kind of penalty , but one that 's earned and is n't so harsh that it hinders both teams and fundamentally alters their seasons .
Overtime used to be straightforward football with an unfair bent . Now it 's straightforward football with a little more of the chess match fans love to see and a lot more of the intense pressure that makes the game so compelling . If that leads to a couple more tallies in the “ T ” column , what 's so bad about that ?
( Getty Images )
( Getty Images )
Instead what followed was not journalism but , as Jamelle Bouie accurately dubbed it , “ theater criticism. ” Fournier and Blake 's revulsion at the thought that some 20 percent of the country , in some fashion , fit into that basket is illustrative . Neither made any apparent attempt to investigate the claim . No polling data appears in either piece and no reasons are given for why the estimate is untrue . It simply ca n't be true—even if the data says that it actually is .
To understand how truly bizarre this method of opining is , consider the following : Had polling showed that relatively few Trump supporters believe black people are lazy and criminally-inclined , if only a tiny minority of Trump supporters believed that Muslims should be banned from the country , if birtherism carried no real weight among them , would journalists decline to point this out as they excoriated her ? Of course not . But the case against Clinton 's “ basket of deplorables ” is a triumph of style over substance , of clamorous white grievance over knowable facts .
This is what Andrew Breitbart , and their progeny , ultimately understood . What Shirley Sherrod did or did not do really do n't matter . White racial grievance enjoys automatic credibility , and even when disproven , it is never disqualifying of its bearers . It is very difficult to imagine , for instance , a 9/11 truther , who happened to be black , becoming even a governor . And yet we live in an era in which the country 's leading birther might well be president . This fact certainly horrifies some of the same journalists who attacked Clinton this weekend . But what they have yet to come to grips with is that Donald Trump is a democratic phenomenon , and that there are actual people—not trolls under a bridge—whom he , and their prejudices against Latinos , Muslims , and blacks , represent .
I do not believe that journalists are so powerful as to disabuse this group of their beliefs . But there is something to be said for not contributing to an opportunistic ignorance . For much of this campaign journalists have attacked Hillary Clinton for being evasive and avoiding hard questioning from their ranks . And then the second Clinton is forthright and says something revealing , they are attacked—not for the substance of what she 's said—but simply for having said it . This hypocrisy carries a chilling implicit message : Lie to me . Lie to the country . Lie to everyone . This weekend was not just another misanalysis , it was a shocking betrayal of the journalistic mission which should urge the revelation of truth as opposed to the propagation of hot takes , Washington jargon , and politics-speak .
The shame reflects an ugly and lethal trend in this country 's history—an ever-present impulse to ignore and minimize racism , an aversion to calling it by its name . For nearly a century and a half , this country deluded itself into thinking that its greatest calamity , the Civil War , had nothing to do with one of its greatest sins , enslavement . It deluded itself in this manner despite available evidence to the contrary . Lynchings , pogroms , and plunder proceeded from this fiction . Writers , journalists , and educators embroidered a national lie , and thus a safe space for the violent tempers of those who needed to be white was preserved .
Introduction
Swarm robotics is a hot research area . Various algorithms for distributed problem-solving are being developed , particularly in simulations . The focus is on complex , emergent behaviour arising from the local interactions of individuals following simple rules . There 's nothing like reality to test out your robots , so research groups are beginning to invest in physical robot swarms . The cost of current robotics platforms prohibits experimentation with swarms numbering more than a few tens of units . As a result , the practicalities of software and hardware maintenance in large swarms are yet to be addressed .
The Formica project began as a group project in the fourth-year Biologically Inspired Robotics module of the electronic engineering course at Southampton University . Formica was conceived and developed by Rob Spanton , Steve English , Alexis Johnson , Jo Sun and me , Jeff Gough . The project takes its name from the latin word for ants , as the robots were developed to explore the behaviour of social insects . The robots were demonstrated at ALIFE XI - the 11th international conference on artificial life in August , where it became apparent that an open source software and hardware release would be well received . The abstract submitted to the conference is published here .
Twenty-five robots were produced for the project , working out around £24 each . There was a very tight schedule , and a prototype PCB spin was made before the production run . If the project were repeated for the same number of robots and a single PCB order with a two-week lead time , the cost would be reduced to around £15 per robot . Of course , with a larger production run , unit cost would scale favourably .
The following pages will describe the hardware and software design , and
hopefully present sufficient information to allow the reader to build and
program Formica swarm robots . These pages are a work in progress . The
schematic and PCB layout are released on the downloads page , and the firmware is available here .
Thanks go to Dr. Klaus-Peter Zauner , Dr. Alun Vaughan and Eric Cooke in the School of Electronics and Computer Science , University of Southampton , for their support of the project .
Over the past few years , many organizations have brought renowned international journalists , politicians and cultural leaders from around the globe to Israel as they take on the task of enabling the world 's opinion shapers to witness first hand that which can not be viewed by pouring over maps and absorbing the biased reports in the media .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
These organizations have made it their mission to help opinion shapers better understand the reality on the ground in Israel .
The mission is perhaps best encapsulated in the lyrics written by Israeli songwriter Yaakov Rotblit in one of their most famous compositions : “ Things that we see from here we ca n't see from afar . ”
This lyric still provides the basis of the ideology of many organizations fighting the war against the delegitimization of the State of Israel throughout the world and against the Boycott , Divestment , Sanctions ( BDS ) movement .
The organizations which believe that there is no substitute for actually witnessing circumstances up close in order to draw an informed conclusion are working to continue bringing international influential figures to Israel where they are able to gain a better perspective .
The Ministry of Strategic Affairs , headed by Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan , which is leading the struggle against the delegitimization and boycott campaigns shares Rotblit 's philosophy which posits that one of the most effective tools in combating the hostility against Israel is bringing delegations to Israel .
As part of the ministry 's programs , in the next two years more than 100 delegations will visit Israel based on the basic premise that anyone who actually visits the country will undoubtedly be exposed to the complicated reality and will consequently be better equipped to challenge the disinformation and lies being disseminated by boycott movements .
Delegations brought by anti-BDS groups
The Europe Israel Press Association ( EIPA ) for example , which was set up in Brussels five years ago , brought hundreds of respected journalists and known public opinion shapers from a myriad of leading media outlets throughout the world .
“ We have brought senior journalist from the BBC , the Daily Mail , Le Figaro , CNN Turk and many other media outlets to Israel , ” said founder Rabbi Menachem Margolin .
“ Our aim was to create a situation in which the main media outlets know the truth , and that 's why we started organizing the visits here . ”
Overall , the project has seen more than 700 articles flow out of the initiative with a slant demonstrably more understanding of Israeli 's multiple predicaments in fewer than four years .
In addition to the EIPA focusing on respected journalists , the European Leadership Network ( ELNET ) also works with the intended mission of bringing European politicians , academics and cultural leaders and former dignitaries considered wielding significant influence throughout the continent to Israel .
Senior Trump administration official Becky Norton Dunlop with Yossi Dagan
“ Europe is a huge challenge , ” explains David Siegel , CEO of an NGO in Israel who served over the past for 25 years in the Israeli Foreign Ministry and in their last post served as the General Consul in Los Angeles .
“ It is a super important continent for Israel 's future , and it can not be ignored . Eighty-five percent of American members of congress have visited Israel at some stage but only a little over 10 % of the European Parliament members have visited . That says it all . They feed on the media . That 's why in the last decade we have bought more than 200 delegations here , 2,300 politicians , ” Siegel said .
Head of the Samaria Regional Council Yossi Dagan , 36 , agrees with this assessment . “ Ignorance ” , they say “ is the the main enemy on the settlement enterprise . The majority of the public has never even been here , but it does n't bother people to form negative opinions on the building of communities . ”
Over the last six years , the Council 's External Relations Community has worked to bring EU parliamentarians to Israel , along with US members of congress and European politicians .
“ We have organized more than 1,000 tours like these already , ” Dagan boasted . “ They ca n't believe just how small the country is . On maps you ca n't comprehend what can be seen with your own eyes . ”
In cooperation with the Strategic Affairs and Information Ministry
I 'm not saying Net Neutrality is not important but i will still say we should n't worry about it and no it 's not because i live in England and my internet is unaffected by it ; that would be dickish and selfish of me to think that way since i have american buddies on this site and many others . Why should n't we be that concerned ?
For one even if Ajit Pai does win tommorow the internet as we know it wo n't instantly go away , it 's not like Ajit Pai suddenly goes `` Spend your last time on the net ! 3 , 2 , ,1 time out ! Boom it 's gone ! '' i mean Donald Trump did n't become president instantly after the votes right ? It takes time .
Second of all regardless if Ajit Pai did win or not he 's `` rules '' should be taken to court and i can gurantee even the court would go against him . Ajit Pai can try to act smug all they like , they may refuse things done out of common sense such as investigating the fake comments or delaying the votes , they may not care about our opinions but one thing 's for sure is that nobody will take this lying down .
Millions of people are against them because the internet is what shapes the world , not to mention according to some of my friends apparently Pai came up with the plan since the first day of being chairperson . You can not pass a repeal in court if you 've planned it from the start .
They 'll call out on Ajit Pai 's arrogance , refusal to cooperate and maybe bring up the fake comments that they themselves REFUSED to look into .
Taking away the internet is like taking away freedom ... wait it is taking away freedom ! I know America as a `` Free Country '' and taking away freedom is like illegal right ? Ajit Pai is doing just that ! Not to mention without free Internet there is no quick and easy way of education and resources .
If you 're sick and you do n't know why you ca n't look up quickly on why you are unwell , you have to go the doctors ( which you would have to do anyway ) and possibly wait in long lines out of desperation and may end up finding out you just wasted your time and have nothing to worry about .
Or how about if you want to go someplace nice or book a holiday ? You want to gather up much information as you can before booking up your destination and the internet has many open verities , opinions and the best sources to show you around . Or if you want to go a special place like a concert , convention , football game or whatever ... you 'll have to travel out far just to by some tickets instead of doing it quickly at home and save you the time of going their and back just to get some tickets . It 's the same for other places such as getting tickets for holidays .
Or how about resources and education ? Studens in Schools , College and University need free internet to study and work on their projects quicker because let 's face it , regardless if you like reading books and say they are a second source of information ... not everyone has the best attention spam to read through like 500 pages of information on something right ? Without free internet more students are doomed to fail because without internet how else can they do projects ? Everyone 's eductations would be dropping !
So overall NN is a big issue but we won before , regardless of how many people tried it 's common sense that changing the internet like this would only bring major disaster as i exampled what is said above . Ajit Pai will try to act smug all they want , but with each step and arrogant comment they make they are digging deeper and deeper into the hole that will soon be their resting place ( metaphoracllay speaking ! )
It is tempt­ing to think that there is only one is­sue hit­ting Wash­ing­ton these days : the com­ing apo­ca­lypse over a gov­ern­ment shut­down and a pos­sible de­fault . It is , to be sure , the Big One , and it should dom­in­ate our dis­cus­sion and ana­lys­is . But there are many oth­er is­sues loom­ing out there that de­serve broad­er fo­cus and at­ten­tion . One is the farm bill , a case study in dys­func­tion and chaos over the past three years which has dev­ast­ated farm­ers hit by the most sig­ni­fic­ant drought since the Great De­pres­sion and which , if un­re­solved by the end of the month , could cause milk prices to skyrock­et , among oth­er things .
A key part of that dis­pute is the most pun­it­ive , cruel , and hy­po­crit­ic­al ac­tion taken by Con­gress in years : the move by the House to slash food stamps in the face of a con­tinu­ing stag­nant eco­nomy . Such ac­tion would leave hungry mil­lions of Amer­ic­ans , in­clud­ing chil­dren , des­pite the fact that their erstwhile bread­win­ners can­not find work . In the pro­cess , the move would also strike down state waivers for food stamps in fa­vor of a ri­gid work re­quire­ment , without provid­ing any funds for work train­ing . House Re­pub­lic­ans , led by Ma­jor­ity Lead­er Eric Can­tor , pushed this plan as a way to cut gov­ern­ment spend­ing — even as they and their col­leagues voted to keep in place gen­er­ous tax­pay­er sub­sidies for mul­ti­mil­lion­aire big farm­ers and bil­lion­aire farm con­glom­er­ates . Gov­ern­ment spend­ing is OK , ap­par­ently , if it is for fat cats and con­trib­ut­ors , just not for poor people .
An­oth­er is­sue , which is my main top­ic today , is less about Con­gress and the ex­ec­ut­ive branch , and more about the oth­er branch — the Su­preme Court . On Oct. 8 , the Court is go­ing to take up the next big cam­paign fin­ance case , Mc­Cutcheon v. FEC , a chal­lenge to the over­all con­tri­bu­tion lim­its for in­di­vidu­al donors to can­did­ates and parties , lim­its that were in­sti­tu­tion­al­ized in the Buckley v. Va­leo de­cision in 1976 that un­der­girds Court jur­is­pru­dence on cam­paign fin­ance .
Mc­Cutcheon refers to Shaun Mc­Cutcheon , who has giv­en a lot of money to Re­pub­lic­ans and joined with the Re­pub­lic­an Na­tion­al Com­mit­tee to bring the suit . Their ar­gu­ment starts with the idea that Cit­izens United 's reas­on­ing — that lim­its on in­de­pend­ent spend­ing by cor­por­a­tions vi­ol­ated the First Amend­ment — should also ap­ply to lim­its on what in­di­vidu­als can con­trib­ute , in the ag­greg­ate , to can­did­ates and parties . Un­der­gird­ing the ar­gu­ment is the idea that since the Cit­izens United rul­ing , parties and can­did­ates have been put at a dis­ad­vant­age com­pared with cor­por­a­tions , oth­er groups , and in­di­vidu­als who are al­lowed to flood polit­ic­al cam­paigns with money through in­de­pend­ent ex­pendit­ures . Now , the ar­gu­ment goes , we need to com­pensate by free­ing up the parties and can­did­ates to raise more money .
Mc­Cutcheon does not dir­ectly chal­lenge the lim­its on in­di­vidu­al con­tri­bu­tions to in­di­vidu­al can­did­ates and parties , just the over­all lim­its per cycle on what in­di­vidu­als can con­trib­ute to can­did­ates and parties . As such , it can seem more reas­on­able on the sur­face : If I can only give $ 2,500 to any can­did­ate , why should n't I be able to give $ 2,500 to as many can­did­ates as I want ? Right now , in­di­vidu­als are lim­ited in this elec­tion cycle to con­trib­ut­ing $ 48,600 to all fed­er­al can­did­ates and $ 74,600 to party com­mit­tees and PACs .
But here is the bru­tal real­ity if the Court agrees with Mc­Cutcheon : Pres­id­en­tial can­did­ates , House and Sen­ate party lead­ers , and in­di­vidu­al mem­bers of Con­gress could then form joint fun­drais­ing com­mit­tees with na­tion­al and state party com­mit­tees and lever­age con­tri­bu­tions from in­di­vidu­als in­to huge sums to sup­port their cam­paigns — max­im­ums of more than $ 1 mil­lion for in­di­vidu­al pres­id­en­tial can­did­ates , more than $ 3.5 mil­lion for com­mit­tees formed by con­gres­sion­al lead­ers , and nearly $ 200,000 for in­di­vidu­al con­gres­sion­al can­did­ates . We know , based on past ex­per­i­ence , that pres­id­en­tial can­did­ates , con­gres­sion­al lead­ers , and can­did­ates would quickly spring in­to ac­tion to cre­ate the max­im­um num­ber of joint fun­drais­ing com­mit­tees and max­im­ize the num­ber of $ 3 mil­lion donors — and , of course , every can­did­ate and of­fice hold­er would know who was pony­ing up the amounts .
What if Con­gress then moved to out­law joint fun­drais­ing com­mit­tees ( as if that could really hap­pen ! ) ? It would make the massive con­tri­bu­tions a bit more cum­ber­some ; donors ( or their ac­count­ants ) would have to write a lot of in­di­vidu­al checks to in­di­vidu­al party com­mit­tees and can­did­ates , in­stead of one or two big checks . The can­did­ates and of­fice­hold­ers would still know clearly who had giv­en the big bucks — and would open their of­fice doors hap­pily to them when they wanted or needed something from the gov­ern­ment .
Justice An­thony Kennedy , in their Cit­izens United opin­ion , made the as­ton­ish­ing as­ser­tion that un­lim­ited sums spent “ in­de­pend­ently ”  of can­did­ates and parties by cor­por­a­tions could not pos­sibly have a cor­rupt­ing in­flu­ence . But Cit­izens United went out of its way not to make the same claim for con­tri­bu­tions to can­did­ates and parties . The cor­rup­tion stand­ard for lim­its on in­di­vidu­al con­tri­bu­tions un­der­girds Buckley and every ma­jor cam­paign fin­ance de­cision since . Rul­ing in fa­vor of Mc­Cutcheon would knock the pins out from Buckley and set us down a path to ob­lit­er­a­tion of all re­main­ing cam­paign-re­form lim­its .
In their con­firm­a­tion hear­ing , John Roberts em­phas­ized re­peatedly that they would re­spect the pre­vi­ous de­cisions of the Court , would look to nar­row the scope of de­cisions so that they could aim for 8-1 or 9-0 de­cisions in­stead of the fre­quent 5-4 di­vi­sions , and would bend over back­wards to re­spect the role of oth­er in­sti­tu­tions , es­pe­cially Con­gress . Cit­izens United de­mol­ished those pledges . A case brought on nar­row grounds was ab­ruptly broadened by Chief Justice Roberts and their con­ser­vat­ive col­leagues to in­clude grounds that had nev­er been ini­tially as­ser­ted or briefed by the plaintiffs bring­ing the case , and the de­cision threw out one is­sued by the Court just a few years earli­er , and ef­fect­ively dis­carded dec­ades of es­tab­lished law , jur­is­pru­dence , and prac­tice over the ap­pro­pri­ate role of cor­por­a­tions and uni­ons in cam­paigns .
Mc­Cutcheon will tell us soon enough wheth­er Cit­izens United was a one-time oc­cur­rence or part of a broad­er , sur­repti­tious plan to de­mol­ish the long-stand­ing cam­paign fin­ance re­gime and cre­ate a Wild West in polit­ics , done in a few large in­cre­ment­al steps . Mc­Cutcheon would be step two . If it hap­pens , ex­pect steps three and four , which would elim­in­ate all con­tri­bu­tion lim­its and al­low cor­por­a­tions to give dir­ectly to can­did­ates and parties . And then brace yourselves for a polit­ic­al sys­tem that will make the Gil­ded Age look like the golden era of clean polit­ics .
Roadside Attractions will bow Roland Emmerich 's Stonewall about the 1969 Greenwich Village riots that started America 's LGBT rights movement on Sept. 25 .
Back in March , Roadside announced that they acquired U.S. rights . For Emmerich and screenwriter Jon Robin Baitz , Stonewall is a passion project , and its release arrives at a time when the LGBT community has made great strides toward equality : SCOTUS legalized same-sex marriage , the Boy Scouts of America lifted its ban on gay leaders and the Pentagon recently allowed transgender people to serve openly in the military .
“ It was the first time gay people said ‘ Enough ! ' ” said Emmerich in statement about the Stonewall Riots . “ They did n't do it with leaflets or meetings , they took beer bottles and threw them at cops . Many pivotal political moments have been born by violence . If you look at the civil rights movement , at Selma and other events of that kind , it 's always the same thing . Stonewall was the first time gay people stood up and they did it in their own way . Something that really affected me when I read about Stonewall was that when the riot police showed up in their long line , these kids formed their own long line and sang a raunchy song . That , for me , was a gay riot , a gay rebellion . ”
The film , which stars Jeremy Irvine , Jonny Beauchamp , Jonathan Rhys Meyers and Ron Perlman , is set against the riots at the Stonewall Inn . At the time , it was illegal for gay people to congregate , and police brutality against gays went unchecked . Irvine plays Danny Winters , who flees to New York City after being kicked out of their parents ' house . Homeless and destitute , they befriend a group of street kids who soon introduce them to the local watering hole The Stonewall Inn ; however , this shady , mafia-run club is far from a safe haven . As Danny and their friends experience discrimination , endure atrocities and are repeatedly harassed by the police , a rage begins to build .
Roadside Attractions has been having a notable summer , crossing over arthouse hits to the multiplexes . Bill Pohlad 's Brian Wilson biopic Love & Mercy has grossed $ 11.8M through this weekend , becoming Roadside 's third highest grossing film in its history behind Mud ( $ 21.6M ) and A Most Wanted Man ( $ 17.2M ) . Last weekend , Roadside bowed Mr. Holmes in 361 theaters , grossing $ 2.4M with a per theater of $ 6,745 .
`` Arjen Robben could n't be any more of a one-man band if they had cymbals tied to their ankles , '' said the man in the next seat . They did happen to be the Guardian 's Jonathan Wilson . If our resident tactical authority had been depending on Bavaria to give them food for thought they would have starved .
Robben , however , did nourish hope , at least until Diego Milito recorded their second goal of the night . Still the 26-year-old Bayern player deserves to be remembered for their efforts , particularly since they have so often been treated as a creature frail of body and , the insinuations suggest , mind .
They could not have been more defiant or resourceful . There was a first-half moment , with the match goalless , when José Mourinho hugged Robben as they stepped off the pitch . The incident had charm considering how much was at stake in the Bernabéu , but perhaps there was pity as well as fondness .
Too much rested with the Holland winger . Bavaria could point to the suspension of Franck Ribéry but they are far from being a constant inspiration . Louis van Gaal 's team were also unlucky before the opener when the English referee Howard Webb saw nothing intentional about Maicon reaching out their arm and touching a cross in the goalmouth . It had , of course , been Robben who caused the havoc , with an inswinging delivery .
Inter had a greater number of men with the faith and technique to cause havoc . The opener was incongruous in its combination of route one interplay and delightful deftness . Júlio César kicked the ball straight down but their targets reacted as if they had been pampered with tailor-made service . Milito headed to Wesley Sneijder and took the return before chipping the ball home .
Throughout the final the sole risk to Mourinho was Robben . Late in the match the statistics showed that Bayern had enjoyed two-thirds of the possession . What did Inter care when finishing was poor and the response to Robben 's service so feeble ? Even the winger looked resigned to their fate as the match wore on .
Inter were painstaking rather than exuberant yet always knew they were a grade above Bavaria . Mourinho rejoiced at the end and is thought likely to stay at this venue as manager of the home team . Perhaps Real Madrid might give them the means to bring Robben back to the Bernabéu and make up for their underachievement in a two-year stint .
WinterTV Profile Joined February 2011 United States 295 Posts # 1
Since our establishment as a professional esports team back in September , with the support of this amazing community Clarity Gaming has grown and progressed into one of the Premier North American organizations in Starcraft 2 . Founded around the core values of family , hard work and self-improvement we continue to strive to provide quality content and entertainment to the masses while providing a training and playing environment conducive to success for each of our progamers . Today , Clarity is proud to announce the newest addition to our family of dedicated and talented professionals .
This native resident of South Korea has been involved in the Starcraft community since Brood War and has always specialized in unorthodox tactics , bringing a comedic flair to their games , and providing a stream that 's unrivaled by their peers . Clarity 's newest acquisition is no stranger to the big stage either , having experience competing in some of the world 's largest and most established tournaments as well . A veteran of leagues like the GSL and Dreamhack , we could n't be happier to welcome them to our lineup and support them in their goals and career !
Please help us welcome YongSoo Jeon to our family and professional roster ! The North American server is about to become a much more dangerous ( and hilarious ) region with the coming of Dragon to the Clarity Gaming Training Facility in New York later this month . YongSoo will be joining current house residents SeongJin “ ClarityShuttle ” Choi , Felipe “ ClarityKiLLeR ” Zuniga , Alex “ ClarityShew ” Raymond and Kevin “ coLQXC ” Riley . Please show ClarityDragon your support during this transition and join us in welcoming them to America and Clarity Gaming !
Professional Roster :
+ Show Spoiler + Dragon
Engyn
jookTo
KiLLeR * * *
MotoK
SaroVati
Shew * * *
Shuttle * * *
Siphonn
Sterling
Yong
* * * Denotes a player currently living at the Clarity Gaming Training Facility .
Follow Dragon and Welcome Him to Clarity :
Twitter : @ SCDragonTv
Twitch : twitch.tv/Dragon
Fan Club : TL Fan Club
Follow Clarity Gaming for Up To Date Info :
Twitter : @ Clarity_Gaming
Facebook : Facebook.com/ClarityGaming
Website : ClarityGaming.com
Twitch : Twitch.tv/Clarity_Gaming
Join the Clarity Community Team Today : Community Team Outline
Since our establishment as a professional esports team back in September , with the support of this amazing community Clarity Gaming has grown and progressed into one of the Premier North American organizations in Starcraft 2 . Founded around the core values of family , hard work and self-improvement we continue to strive to provide quality content and entertainment to the masses while providing a training and playing environment conducive to success for each of our progamers . Today , Clarity is proud to announce the newest addition to our family of dedicated and talented professionals.This native resident of South Korea has been involved in the Starcraft community since Brood War and has always specialized in unorthodox tactics , bringing a comedic flair to their games , and providing a stream that 's unrivaled by their peers . Clarity 's newest acquisition is no stranger to the big stage either , having experience competing in some of the world 's largest and most established tournaments as well . A veteran of leagues like the GSL and Dreamhack , we could n't be happier to welcome them to our lineup and support them in their goals and career ! Please help us welcome YongSoo Jeon to our family and professional roster ! The North American server is about to become a much more dangerous ( and hilarious ) region with the coming of Dragon to the Clarity Gaming Training Facility in New York later this month . YongSoo will be joining current house residents SeongJin “ ClarityShuttle ” Choi , Felipe “ ClarityKiLLeR ” Zuniga , Alex “ ClarityShew ” Raymond and Kevin “ coLQXC ” Riley . Please show ClarityDragon your support during this transition and join us in welcoming them to America and Clarity Gaming ! Twitch.tv/Clarity_Gaming @ wintersc2
SALEM , Ore. -- Costs for the Oregon Public Employees Retirement System will rise by billions over the next six years , according to actuarial calculations made for the pension system .
Those costs will be shouldered primarily by employers that pay in to Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund -- state agencies , cities , school districts and public colleges .
To pay the extra billions PERS needs , employers will raise the percentage of payroll expenses contributed to pensions , PERS spokesperson David Crosley said earlier this month . To fund pension contribution hikes , PERS employers could push for higher state and local taxes , or potentially resort to cost-cutting through layoffs .
The rising costs stem from an Oregon Supreme Court case , Moro v. State of Oregon . The decision said the state ca n't retroactively decrease pension benefits promised to employees . The Moro decision raised PERS unfunded actuarial liability costs by $ 5.1 billion overnight . Total unfunded liabilities are more than $ 18 billion , according to the most recent estimates .
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later .
Submit
More : Winners , losers in PERS ruling
The decision overturned laws the Legislature enacted in 2013 to reduce pension benefits . Payouts were to be cut for Tier One employee , who receive the most generous benefits , such as retirement at 55 and guaranteed account growth , with a 7.75 percent `` assumed rate '' each year . Funding that assumed rate has been difficult for PERS , because investments that pay for benefits have underperformed during the lengthy economic downturn .
Tier One employees make up nearly 20 percent of PERS liabilities . Many are eligible to retire but have n't . Around 70,000 PERS recipients — making up Tier One , Tier Two and the Oregon Public Service Retirement Plan — are eligible to retire . Predicting when they will is an imprecise science , Crosley said .
As of September , more than 20,000 Tier One employee are eligible for retirement . About 10,000 additional Tier One recipient are `` inactive '' — they 'll get Tier One PERS benefits when they retire , but they 're currently working for a non-PERS employer .
Before the Moro decision , PERS was doing its accounting based on reforms enacted by the Legislature . The system did n't account for increased liabilities that could later be levied on it by the courts . At the time , PERS was more than fully funded . Now , it needs more money to be ready for the eventual , costly retirement of Tier One employee .
PERS benefits can be paid in two ways : employer contributions and investment returns . If benefits liabilities go up , as they did after the Moro decision , the money has to come from somewhere .
`` The math is the math , '' Crosley said .
Because investments are performing at or below expectations , employers will have to contribute more to make up the difference . The Oregon Investment Council , which manages PERS investments , committed $ 900 million to new investments earlier this month to diversify its funds , boost returns and decrease risk . This year OPERF , the fund holding the PERS system 's nearly $ 70 billion , has lost more than $ 515 million on investments .
The situation sounds dire , but the system will recover , Crosley said .
`` We 're in pretty good shape , '' they said , adding that PERS is n't going to collapse .
Other states have fared much poorer ; Kentucky 's public retirement system is so drastically underfunded retirees had to take a `` pension holiday . ''
At the January PERS Board meeting , board members will receive preliminary data on the system 's earnings and reserves . After those numbers are adopted in March the board can move forward with employer contribution rate changes or other policies to help pay for benefits .
PERS by the numbers :
Total unfunded liabilities : $ 18 billion
Increase in unfunded liabilities after the Moro decision : $ 5.1 billion
Investment losses this year : $ 515 million
Total employees eligible to retire : 70,000+
gfriedman2 @ statesmanjournal.com , ( 503 ) 399-6653 , on Twitter @ gordonrfriedman or Facebook.com/gordonrfriedman
More top stories :
Portland ranked among 'Booziest Cities in America '
Sweet Cakes by Melissa pays $ 135,000 fine
Watch : Daring helicopter rescue at Ore. Coast
Stay up-to-date with the free KGW News app ! Tap to download
Benefits of osteoporosis drugs outweigh a risk , study says
Researchers conclude that drug-induced fractures are rare among patients who take bisphosphonates .
`` It is encouraging to see this data for patients and physicians , '' Nattiv said . `` It presents one more piece of evidence from a large number of patients that these are good drugs with rare side effects . ''
In other words , the fractures appear to be so few and far between that the benefit of these drugs outweighs the risk , says Dr. Aurelia Nattiv , director of the UCLA Osteoporosis Center .
Now a new study from Sweden has helped put that risk of drug-induced breaks into perspective . The study concluded that the drugs , such as Fosamax , Boniva , Actonel , Atelvia and Reclast , caused one broken femur for every 2,000 people who used them for a year .
Osteoporosis drugs can definitely strengthen bones . However , studies and patient reports over the last four years have uncovered a surprising danger : In some cases , these drugs seem to be breaking bones instead of protecting them .
Osteoporosis is a disease that makes bones weak and brittle with age . About 10 million Americans already have the condition , according to the National Osteoporosis Foundation . Half of all women and a quarter of all men over the age of 50 will suffer an osteoporotic fracture at some point in their lives . Bone breaks from osteoporosis can happen in any bone , but are most commonly seen in the hips , the spine and the wrist .
Just as the skin constantly makes new cells to replace old ones , bones go through constant turnover . The osteoporosis drugs , known as bisphosphonates , work by slowing down the cells that break down old bone tissue to make way for new bone . This tips the balance toward denser , stronger bones .
And yet , as the drugs are incorporated into bone tissue , they also affect bone structure . It 's not clear how this may lead to the specific type of breaks seen with the drugs , known as atypical subtrochanteric fractures .
The drugs have been on the market for 16 years and have quickly become the `` gold standard '' of osteoporosis treatment , Nattiv says .
The new study , published this month in the New England Journal of Medicine , included every Swedish woman who was at least 55 years old and had a femur ( thighbone ) fracture in 2008 , according to a national registry of patients . Researchers were able to study the X-rays of the women with possible atypical fractures and identified 59 cases .
Of these 59 women , 46 had taken bisphosphonates — out of a total of 83,311 Swedish women who took the drugs that year . That was a fracture rate of less than 0.1 % . The 13 other women with atypical fractures did not take the drugs , along with 1.47 million other Swedish women . That worked out to a fracture rate of less than 0.001 % .
Adjusting for patients ' ages , the researchers calculated that taking the drugs increased the risk of an atypical fracture by 47 % . That may sound like a lot , but patients taking the drugs should be reassured that very few women ever suffer such a break whether they are taking the drugs or not , says study coauthor Dr . Per Aspenberg of Linkoping University in Sweden .
Aspenberg uses lightning to illustrate the difference between what sounds like a big relative risk and a very small absolute risk . On a sunny day , the risk of being killed by lightning is basically zero . On a rainy day , the risk might be 1,000 times higher , but it 's still very small .
The ability of the drugs to prevent fractures has been proved beyond any doubt . Dr. David Newman , director of clinical research at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York , who writes about evidence-based medicine , recently boiled the numbers down . For every 100 women taking bisphosphonates for three years , they calculate that six avoid a fracture . The protection is best for fractures of the spine ( 1 in 20 women ) , but is also significant for hip fractures ( 1 in 100 ) .
Letter of Resignation from the Palo Alto Planning and Transportation Commission
Kate Vershov Downing Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 9 , 2016
Sorry , we 're full !
Dear City Council Members and Palo Alto Residents ,
This letter serves as my official resignation from the Planning and Transportation Commission . My family has decided to move to Santa Cruz . After many years of trying to make it work in Palo Alto , my husband and I can not see a way to stay in Palo Alto and raise a family here . We rent our current home with another couple for $ 6200 a month ; if we wanted to buy the same home and share it with children and not roommates , it would cost $ 2.7M and our monthly payment would be $ 12,177 a month in mortgage , taxes , and insurance . That 's $ 146,127 per year — an entire professional 's income before taxes . This is unaffordable even for an attorney and a software engineer .
It 's clear that if professionals like me can not raise a family here , then all of our teachers , first responders , and service workers are in dire straits . We already see openings at our police department that we ca n't fill and numerous teacher contracts that we ca n't renew because the cost of housing is astronomical not just in Palo Alto but many miles in each direction . I have repeatedly made recommendations to the Council to expand the housing supply in Palo Alto so that together with our neighboring cities who are already adding housing , we can start to make a dent in the jobs-housing imbalance that causes housing prices throughout the Bay Area to spiral out of control . Small steps like allowing 2 floors of housing instead of 1 in mixed use developments , enforcing minimum density requirements so that developers build apartments instead of penthouses , legalizing duplexes , easing restrictions on granny units , leveraging the residential parking permit program to experiment with housing for people who do n't want or need two cars , and allowing single-use areas like the Stanford shopping center to add housing on top of shops ( or offices ) , would go a long way in adding desperately needed housing units while maintaining the character of our neighborhoods and preserving historic structures throughout .
Time and again , I 've seen dozens of people come to both Commission meetings and Council meetings asking Council to make housing its top priority . The City Council received over 1000 signatures from Palo Alto residents asking for the same . In the annual Our Palo Alto survey , it is the top issue cited by residents . This Council has ignored the majority of residents and has charted a course for the next 15 years of this city 's development which substantially continues the same job-housing imbalance this community has been suffering from for some time now : more offices , a nominal amount of housing which the Council is already laying the groundwork to tax out of existence , lip service to preserving retail that simply has no reason to keep serving the average Joe when the city is only affordable to Joe Millionaires .
Over the last 5 years I 've seen dozens of my friends leave Palo Alto and often leave the Bay Area entirely . I 've seen friends from other states get job offers here and then turn them down when they started to look at the price of housing . I struggle to think what Palo Alto will become and what it will represent when young families have no hope of ever putting down roots here , and meanwhile the community is engulfed with middle-aged jet-setting executives and investors who are hardly the sort to be personally volunteering for neighborhood block parties , earthquake preparedness responsibilities , or neighborhood watch . If things keep going as they are , yes , Palo Alto 's streets will look just as they did decades ago , but its inhabitants , spirit , and sense of community will be unrecognizable . A once thriving city will turn into a hollowed out museum . We should take care to remember that Palo Alto is famous the world over for its residents ' accomplishments , but none of those people would be able to live in Palo Alto were they starting out today .
Sincerely ,
Kate Downing
UPDATE : Thank you so much for the outpouring of interest and support . While we are leaving Palo Alto , the organization I co-founded that is working to invest in housing and transportation will continue on its work so that maybe in the future we can have a more inclusive community . If you 'd like to learn more , go here .
If you 'd like to look into the belly of the beast , read the comments on our local paper : Palo Alto Online . The loudest voices in the community feel that the desire to create more affordable housing is spoiled entitlement . Until renters , younger people , and people of more modest means organize , this problem will continue throughout the Bay Area .
While the NRA is ostensibly an organization focused on gun rights , members of its leadership have attacked LGBT people for years , including blaming a mass shooting on gay marriage , calling societal acceptance of transgender people “ perverted , ” claiming gay people “ created ” the HIV/AIDS epidemic , and labeling gay people “ despicable , ” “ perverts , ” and “ degenerates . ”
The NRA Has Attacked Gay People For Decades
NRA Top Lobbyist On May 20 : Societal Acceptance Of Transgender People Is “ Perverted ” And “ Twisted. ” Chris Cox , who is the NRA 's top lobbyist and directs political efforts as the head of the NRA Institute for Legislative Action , said at the NRA annual meeting that “ everything we 've always known to be good , and right , and true has been twisted , perverted , ” before citing as an example , “ The media tells them Bruce Jenner is a national hero for transforming their body , while our wounded warriors , whose bodies were transformed by IEDs and rocket-propelled grenades , ca n't even get basic healthcare from the VA ” :
CHRIS COX : The America we know is becoming unrecognizable . Everything we believe in , everything we 've always known to be good , and right , and true has been twisted , perverted and repackaged to our kids as wrong , backwards , and abnormal . [ ... ] Who are our kids supposed to respect and admire ? The media tells them Bruce Jenner is a national hero for transforming their body , while our wounded warriors , whose bodies were transformed by IEDs and rocket-propelled grenades , ca n't even get basic healthcare from the VA. [ NRA Annual Meeting , 5/20/16 ]
NRA Head Wayne LaPierre : Obama Admin . Is “ In The Toilet ” Because Of Efforts To Prevent Discrimination Against Transgender Students . NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre railed against the Obama administration 's recent guidance explaining that public schools must allow transgender students to use facilities , like bathrooms and locker rooms , that correspond to their gender identity :
WAYNE LAPIERRE : Felons with guns , criminal gangs with guns , and drug dealers with guns are getting away with murder literally in places like Chicago and Detroit and beyond . Where the full weight of existing federal enforcement of federal firearms laws is absent . A Clinton White House would be a dangerous extension of the Obama White House . And where has this White House put its full weight ? In the toilet . In bathrooms in North Carolina , in school districts all over our country . [ NRA Annual Meeting , 5/20/16 ]
NRA Board Member Blamed Isla Vista , CA , Mass Shooting On Gay Marriage . After a gunman motivated by their hatred of women went on a shooting and stabbing spree in Isla Vista , CA , in 2014 , Ken Blackwell , NRA board member and senior fellow at anti-gay hate group Family Research Council , blamed the shooting on “ the attack on … natural marriage ” :
KEN BLACKWELL : When you see there 's a crumbling of the moral foundation of the country , you see the attack on the -- on natural marriage and the family that has been a part of the , not only the moral foundation and the upbringing of our children but the teaching of sexual roles and the development of human sexuality in our culture . When these fundamental institutions are attacked and destroyed and weakened and abandoned , you get what we are now seeing and that is a flood of these disturbed people in our society that are causing great , great pain . And as opposed to dealing with the foundational problems , we look for ways of blaming the Second Amendment , or blaming knives or blaming cars when they are used . At the end of the day , you have just underscored the problem . This is a convenient way of avoiding talking about what 's at the root cause . [ 5/29/14 , Right Wing Watch via Media Matters ]
Blackwell Compared Gay Marriage To Incest . In a 2009 column on D.C. legalizing gay marriage , Blackwell compared same-sex marriage to incest and also bizarrely suggested that transgender and bisexual people would use same-sex marriage laws to demand participation in polygamous marriages :
Remember , we 've all been schooled in that LGBT formulation . That means Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgendered . The advocates of counterfeiting marriage can not leave out their B and T. So , what will that mean ? How can they deny 'marriage equality ' to a bisexual person who wants to marry two significant others ? Or what about a person who has attempted through surgery and drugs to change their sex ? Should such a person , if married , be denied the right to marry another person ? If love and commitment make a marriage , why can not brothers and sisters marry ? Or fathers and daughters ? What the District [ of Columbia ] Council has done is to open the door to polygamy , to incest . [ Patriot Post , 12/21/09 , via Media Matters ]
Blackwell Claimed That Gay People “ Created ” HIV/AIDS Epidemic . During the discussion over whether the military 's Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell policy should be repealed , Blackwell wrote in their column , “ Already , this alternate lifestyle has created what the gay groups themselves refer to as a Gay Men 's Health Crisis . Do the American people want to bring this health crisis into the ranks of our volunteer military ? ” [ Patriot Post , 2/23/10 via NRA On The Record ]
NRA Board Member Ted Nugent Mockingly Suggested The NBA Should “ Host A Homosexual Night ” Where “ Homosexuals Could Come Down On The Court , Hold Hands And Prance Around The Court To Music By The Village People. ” NRA board member Ted Nugent slammed the NBA 's decision to fine then NBA star Kobe Bryant for using an anti-gay slur , complaining in a 2011 Washington Times column , “ Bryant committed this egregious verbal foul because they used a word demeaning to homosexuals , the most protected class of people in America ” :
Basketball superstar Kobe Bryant was socked with a $ 100,000 fine by the NBA last week for calling a referee what the NBA thinks is a derogatory , ugly and vile name . To be exact , Mr. Bryant committed this egregious verbal foul because they used a word demeaning to homosexuals , the most protected class of people in America . Gay rights groups applaud the decision of the NBA , which must make all the homosexual basketball fans feel peachy and special . Who knows , maybe the NBA will use Mr. Bryant 's $ 100,000 to buy courtside seats for gay basketball fans . Yeah , that 's the ticket . Show some gay pride , NBA . Those among us who work tirelessly to shut down ( and shout down , if the need arises ) speech they disagree with must also be absolutely gay with pride and satisfaction over this fine . [ ... ] If the NBA had any true gay convictions , the NBA should host a Homosexual Night . During halftime , the homosexuals could come down on the court , hold hands and prance around the court to music by the Village People . The NBA could then give each homosexual a pink basketball as a symbol of solidarity . [ ... ] Homosexuals are a protected class in America . If you think what happened to Mr. Bryant was a travesty , just wait until you see what homosexuals in the military do when they claim they have been mistreated because of their sexual orientation . [ The Washington Times , 4/19/2011 , via Media Matters ]
Nugent Said It 's “ Despicable ” When Men “ Have Sex With Each Other 's Anal Cavities. ” From a 2000 interview on Fox News ' Hannity and Colmes :
TED NUGENT : I got to tell you , guys that have sex with each other 's anal cavities -- how can we offend guys that actually have anal sex ? Do n't you think that might offend some of us who think that 's despicable ? [ Fox News , Hannity and Colmes via Nexis , 6/29/00 ]
Former NRA Board Member Praised Dictator Robert Mugabe For Calling Gay People “ Perverts Who Do Not Deserve Civil Rights. ” Jeff Cooper , a longtime board member whom the NRA honored by naming a shooting range after them when they died in 2004 , praised Zimbabwe dictator Robert Mugabe in their often-homophobic “ Jeff Cooper 's Commentaries ” newsletter :
Reluctant as we may be to compliment a dictator who prefers to be addressed as `` Comrade , '' we are compelled to do so in the case of Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe . They officially refer to homosexuals as `` perverts who do not deserve civil rights . '' In their words , `` Let the Americans keep their sodomy , bestiality , stupid and foolish ways to themselves . Let the gays be - gay - in the United States and Europe , but they shall be sad people here . '' How about that ? [ Jeff Cooper 's Commentaries , January 1996 , via Coalition to Stop Gun Violence ]
Cooper : “ Lesbians Make Lousy Shots ” Compared To “ Normal Girls. ” Cooper wrote in 1997 in their newsletter , “ We are now given to understand by a police firearms instructor of wide background and experience that lesbians make lousy shots . Normal girls , on the other hand , tend to do rather well on the range . Is there a point to be learned here ? ” [ Jeff Cooper 's Commentaries , November 1997 , via NRA On The Record ]
NRA Board Member , Iran-Contra Figure , And Fox News Contributor Oliver North Mocked Gay People During A GOP Fundraiser . According to the Williamson Daily News , during a 1993 GOP fundraiser held in Virginia , NRA board member Oliver North “ told the crowd that they tried to telephone [ Bill ] Clinton , but the White House switchboard would n't let them through until they disguised their voice with a lisp. ” When a local LGBT group asked them to apologize , North responded , “ If it angered some subset , that 's their problem. ” [ Williamson Daily News , 3/18/1993 , St. Louis Post-Dispatch , 3/20/1993 , via NRA On The Record ]
NRA Board Member And GOP Rep. Don Young On Gay Artist 's Work : “ Butt Fucking ... You Think That 's Art ? ” During a speech before high school students , NRA board member Don Young slammed the art of gay photographer Robert Mapplethorpe :
U.S. Rep. Don Young said they were just trying to educate high school students when they used an obscenity to refer to anal sex while denouncing government funding of the arts . Young , Alaska 's lone member of congress for 22 years and a former teacher , told the auditorium full of 15- through 18-year-olds that the federal government has funded `` photographs of things that are absolutely ridiculous '' and `` photographs of people doing offensive things . '' When students asked which pictures they were talking about , Young said , `` butt f -- -- -- .... You think that 's art ? '' At West Valley High School , their words Friday had the roughly 150 students laughing or grumbling . Later , Young told the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner that they thought their comments would have lacked impact if they had used different words . `` I was a teacher . I was trying to educate , '' they said . They apparently are referring to the Cincinnati exhibit in 1990 of homoerotic photographs by Robert Mapplethorpe . [ Anchorage Daily News , 4/23/1995 , via NRA On The Record ]
NRA Board Member Described Gay People As “ Degenerates. ” In 1993 , Wayne Anthony Ross , NRA board member and Sarah Palin 's failed nominee for Alaska attorney general , wrote a letter in response to an anti-discrimination ordinance . The letter read , in part :
WASHINGTON — A sharp slowdown in government-built schools and infrastructure caused U.S. construction spending to fall slightly in November .
The Commerce Department said Friday that construction spending slipped 0.3 percent in November , after having climbed an upwardly revised 1.2 percent in October and 0.6 percent in September .
Much of the decline came from a 1.7 percent retreat in government expenditures . Publicly-built school spending fell 2.5 percent , while the transportation , health care and public safety sectors also fell .
Private construction spending rose a modest 0.3 percent in November . Home-building climbed 1 percent in November , offsetting the declines in the office , commercial and health care-related construction .
Total construction spending has improved a mere 2.4 percent from a year ago to $ 974.9 billion .
Construction activity has lagged broader economic growth for much of 2014 , hampered by limited gains in homebuilding . Few potential buyers can afford new homes , a reflection of meager wage growth , tight credit standards and builders focused on pricier housing developments that are beyond the financial reach of most home-seekers .
Residential construction spending declined 0.5 percent over the past 12 months to $ 352.7 billion , although solid gains in the past two months suggest that homebuilding activity likely helped economic growth in the final quarter of 2014 . Analysts at the bank Barclays projects that annualized growth in the October-December quarter will be 2.8 percent , a solid increase but down from an annualized gain of 5 percent in the third quarter .
Modest buying activity has dissuaded builders from breaking ground on more homes . Sales of new homes dropped 1.6 percent in November to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 438,000 , the Commerce Department said in a recent report . That second straight monthly decline leaves home construction significantly below the annual rate of 700,000 that was common in the 1990s .
Still , broader economic growth should help to bolster construction . Employers have added 2.65 million jobs through the first 11 months of 2014 , the most in 15 years . Each new paycheck helps to increase consumer spending , even though average wages have yet to meaningfully outpace inflation . The job gains have accompanied faster economic growth during the second and third quarters of 2014 .
`` As the labor market continues to show improvement and wages increase , especially for young adults , we expect the pace of single-family building to pick up this year , '' said Anika Kahn , a senior economist at Wells Fargo .
Architectural firms have reported increased demand for the past seven months , a sign that construction spending could accelerate in 2015 .
The American Institute of Architects reported that its November billings index was 50.9 in November . While that 's down from 53.7 in October , any score above 50 signals increased activity . Demand for apartment and condominium complexes has contributed to the increase , while more than five years after the Great Recession ended , local and state governments are restarting delayed building projects .
Written by Doug Sears Jr
I am a former LHS ( local hockey shop ) employee and have fit thousands of pairs of skates . In this article I will address everything you need to know about getting a properly fitting pair of hockey skates . A poorly fitting pair of skates can impair your skating ability , cause foot pain , blisters and a lot of frustration .
How to get a Good Fitting for Hockey Skates
Hockey Skate Sizes – What size hockey skate should you wear ?
If the LHS employee asks you what your skate size is and then gets that size for you , that is a red flag . They should basically ignore your assumption of your size , and measure you .
Hockey skates are typically 1-2 sizes lower than the shoe size you wear . However there are differences between different skate companies . ( I wear a size 11 or 12 shoes depending on the company , and my skate size is 10D in Bauer )
What are the different skate sizes and fits ?
Skates have many different fitting characteristics so if the LHS employee tries to sell you the first skate you try on , that 's another red flag . When fitting a skate you are looking for more than just the right size , skates should be fitted according to
Skate size
Skate width
Depth / arch
Your weight
Your skating ability/ skating style / playing level
Different lines from different skate companies will offer different fits . So lets say you are a size 8 , a size 8 in Bauer Vapor might fight you great , but a size 8 in Easton might not feel right . This is because of differences in the overall width of the skate , width of the toe , depth of the skate , volume in the heel pocket , etc .
What Skate Will Fit Your Feet ?
Remember each of the models shown above also come in sizes C , D , E or EE . However a Bauer Nexus 8D would be a looser fit than a Bauer Supreme 8D
How to Test if your Skates fit Properly
There are two popular tests when it comes to fitting hockey skates : the pencil test , and the finger test .
With the pencil test you will put on your skates , but do not tie them up . Pull the tongue out and then take a pencil or pen and place it across the eyelets , about three eyelets down .
If the pen / pencil lies flat without rocking back and forth on your foot then the skate has good depth . If the pen / pencil hits your foot without touching both eyelets then the skate is too shallow for you .
The finger test will ensure your skates are the right size , and that you have the right ankle fit . Lace the skate up tight as if you are going to play hockey . Lean forward and bend your knees ( like you are in the hockey stance ) .
Now reach back to the heel of the skate and see how much of a gap there is between your heel and the skate . If you can slide more than one finger between your heel and the skate ( not the tendon and skate ) then the skate is not locking your ankle / heel into place and the fit is not suitable for you . For children who are still growing a 1 finger gap is fine , if you are an adult and no longer growing you can go for a bit of a snugger fit . Skates that are too loose can cause blisters , foot pain , and impair your skating ability .
Where Should my Toes Touch on my Skates
The Toe Brush Test – Another popular way to tell if the skates are the proper size is where your toes lie in the skates . With your skates laced up , stand up straight in the skates , in this stance your toes should just brush the toe cap inside the skates . Now get into an athletic stance ( the hockey stance ) in this stance your heel should lock more into place and your toes should not be rubbing on the toe cap anymore .
Skate Stiffness – Give your Skates a Squeeze
The stiffness of your skates is also important when considering the right fit . Some skates are designed with very stiff boots and some are designed with less stiff boots . Typically stiffer boots are recommended for more experienced hockey players , and heavier players . The stiffer the boot , the more ankle support and energy transfer you will get , however stiffness can compromise mobility in some cases .
Newer hockey players should probably not get the stiffest boots available as they may not be aggressive enough in their skating to properly break the skates in and get the full advantage . However new players should not buy skates with very little stiffness as these skates will not provide enough support for playing hockey on a regular basis .
To determine the stiffness , give your skates a squeeze . Hold the skate below the tendon guard and squeeze the sides together . If it folds in easily these skates are too weak for hockey . If there is some good resistance then they are good for a newer hockey player , and if they are very stiff they are suitable for experienced players .
Get Your Skates Baked
When new players hear about baking skates they might think it 's a bit crazy , but high-end skates are designed to be heat molded to fit your feet . While you can bake them yourself at home ( only if you know what you are doing ) the best time to get your skates baked is at the store before your purchase them .
How does skate baking work ?
After you find a comfortable pair of skates that fits you properly the store associate will take your pair of skates and put them into a special oven for a few minutes . When the skate is warm it is ready to be put on your feet . You gently lace the skate up while sitting in a chair and then sit for about 10 minutes while the skates cool and form fit to your foot . This process gives your skate a custom fitted mold to really lock your foot into place and give you the most comfortable experience .
Is it Normal for my Feet to Hurt after Skating ?
When you first skate in your new skates , yes , it is normal for there to be a little discomfort . It is normal to get the odd blister , or a bit of a pain . This discomfort should only affect you the first few times you use your skates . This is the normal process of breaking in a new pair of skates . After your skates are broken in you should be able to skate in them without any pain or blisters .
What happens if your feet hurt every time you skate in them
If you 've skated 10+ times and your skates still hurt your feet then there is a problem . Your skates may not fit you properly , or you may have unique feet that need special attention . You can customize your skates by getting custom insoles ( superfeet are popular ) , or by taking them to a pro shop to get them “ punched ” . Lets say you have extra wide ankles , you can get the sides of your skates punched to give you some more room .
Buying Skates Online vs In Stores
If you are a new player it 's a good idea to buy your skates in the stores . A good employee can help you find the right fitting skate for your foot ( although I was once talked into buying a pair of skates that were not the right fit for me , I suspect the store was trying to sell a certain brand to clear out stock ) . After reading this article you should have a good idea of what you need , now it 's up to the employee to help you find it .
If you decide to buy online you should always look for a good return policy . If you find a great deal , make sure the skates still are covered under the return policy . This way you can buy the skates , try them on , and if they do n't fit properly you can still return them .
Where to Buy Hockey Skates
In stores ( some of the major stores , ask around your rink for stores in your area )
Source for Sports ( Canada Only )
Pro Hockey Life ( Canada Only )
National Sports ( Ontario only )
Canadian Tire ( that 's obvious )
Total Hockey ( USA only )
Your local sports store ( Sometimes the local shops have great knowledge and customer service )
Play it again sports ( New and Used equipment Canada and USA )
Online
How to Fit Hockey Skates Video
This one goes into a little more detail
Huge thanks to Doug Sears Jr , a former employee at a hockey shop and member of reddit.com/r/hockeyplayers for providing the meat of the information in this article ! ( with some additions from me Coach Jeremy )
Speaking at a cultural ceremony in Tehran on Saturday , Ali Larijani said Britain is not in a position to tell Iran what to do , and slammed David Cameron 's comment in UN speech as having a sense of “ snobbery ” .
In a Thursday address to the 69th session of the UN General Assembly , Cameron said Iran should be given “ the chance to show it can be part of the solution , not part of the problem ” created by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) terrorist group .
They also accused Iran of supporting terrorism .
Elsewhere in their remarks , Larijani recommended the British premier not to use the language of force .
“ Your behavior is like a kid that cries out in fright and sometimes swears . You are afraid of terrorism and are shouting , ” Larijani said of Britain 's approach .
They further called on London to admit its mistakes in sponsoring the ISIL terrorists in the past .
The ISIL is a terrorist group that is in control of some areas in Syria and has captured large swathes of land in neighboring Iraq .
Tehran has on several occasions voiced support for the Iraqi government since it began fighting against the ISIL in June .
The College Football Playoff Rankings , which are released every Tuesday towards the back end of the season , have gotten fans caught in a national debate week after week due to the amount of controversy in the poll .
Tuesday was nothing new as the CFP Rankings came out once again and they found their way around .
The latest CFP rankings were perhaps the most contradictory , hypocritical top 25 list to be released in its young , two-year history .
Flaws at the top ( 1-10 )
We 'll start out with the top teams and work our way down the ladder beginning with # 2 Alabama ( 9-1 . ) The Crimson Tide own a six-point loss to # 22 Ole Miss ( 7-3 . ) Move two spots down and we find Notre Dame ( 9-1 ) is ranked fourth with the same record . However , their only loss is against the undefeated , # 1 Clemson Tigers .
Before saying Notre Dame does not have enough quality wins , realize that both teams have the same amount of wins against teams currently ranked in the CFP Top 25 .
* * * * *
Between Alabama and Notre Dame sits # 3 Ohio State ( 10-0 ) , a team who has not faced one CFP ranked team , let alone beating any . However , Iowa sits in fifth , and Oklahoma State sixth , and both schools have beaten a CFP ranked team . ( Iowa has beaten two ) .
Ohio State is the defending national champion . Yes . But to show bias because of that in a sport where players are only on the field for four years , is a horrifying narrative to follow . That kind of bias throws off the rankings in a very big way .
If Michigan or Michigan State end up beating Ohio State , it 's as if they have beaten the team with the third best resume in college football , which is a far stretch .
Problems in the middle ( # 11-19 )
We 'll keep moving down the list so that this does not turn into a one team rant , instead pointing out flaws all around the board .
# 12 Michigan is ranked in front of # 13 Utah… Utah beat Michigan during week 1 , 24-17 .
* * * * *
Now we get to the one-loss teams that are ranked behind five two-loss teams . # 16-18 Navy , North Carolina , and TCU .
North Carolina might be a team they have right . The loss to 3-7 South Carolina is still stinging for the Tar Heels .
Navy and TCU , however , have done nothing to be ranked behind the two-loss teams .
TCU 's only loss is to # 6 Oklahoma State . Navy 's came against # 4 Notre Dame . Both were on the road . Each and every two-loss team ranked in front of Navy and TCU has a worse loss , plus one more to add to it .
* * * * *
Below the one-loss teams ranked 16th-18th , Houston ( 10-0 ) sits at # 19 despite their undefeated season . Houston 's strength of schedule is low . So is Ohio State 's , but the Buckeyes are ranked third .
The Committee has been known to look at the eye test , common opponent , and other things to rank the teams , and Houston took notice .
The Cougars beat Vanderbilt 34-0 , a team Florida only beat by two points . Yet , Florida is ranked 8th .
Even more issues at the bottom ( 20-25 )
The final issue with this set of rankings lies with two Big 10 schools ; # 20 Northwestern , and # 25 Wisconsin ( both 8-2 . )
The Wildcats losses came against # 12 Michigan and # 5 Iowa by a combined 68 points .
Wisconsin lost to # 5 Iowa and # 2 Alabama by a combined 22 points , yet Northwestern still sits five slots higher .
* * * * *
Here is to hoping that this article wo n't have to be written next week and all these problems are resolved by the end of the season . Yeah right .
Main Photo
All right , let me close out with one final round . First , a bit of background . Each one of us has 46 strands of DNA in each of our cells , coiled into chromosomes . At the tips of each chromosome , at the end of each DNA strand , there 's a cap , like the tip of a shoelace , which keeps our DNA from unraveling and fraying . That cap is called a telomere .
Every time our cells divide , though , a bit of that cap is lost . And when it 's completely gone , the cell stops dividing , or dies . So telomeres have been thought of as kind of our life “ fuse. ” They start shortening as soon as we 're born , and when they 're gone , we 're gone . In fact , forensic scientists can take DNA from a bloodstain , and tell you how old the person was , based on how long the telomeres are .
The thought is , if we can slow down this ticking clock , slow down this shortening , we may be able to slow down aging and live longer . So , what do we have to do ? Stop smoking— # 1—which has been shown to significantly eat away our protective telomeres . But is there anything in our diet that 's accelerating the process , speeding up aging ? We did n't know , until last year .
120-food-item questionnaire . Two foods were associated with telomere shortening—accelerated aging ; you tell me which ones . In alphabetical order : coffee , fried foods , high-fat dairy , non-fried fish , processed meat , red meat , refined grains , or high fructose corn syrup-containing soda . I 'll give you a hint ; one of them was processed meat . But which was the other one ?
It was the fish , nipping at our DNA . Eating fish appeared to age people 's DNA six years , and processed meat 14 years , in terms of how short the telomeres were of fish- and lunch-meat-eaters .
So , fish and bacon appear to speed aging up . But is there any way to slow aging down , or even actually turn back the cellular clock , and actually repair and lengthen our telomeres back up ? Yes , but it appears we have to eat vegan .
Dr. Dean Ornish was n't satisfied with just reversing heart disease and cancer , so now he 's trying their hand at reversing aging . There 's a tree , called a bristle cone pine , which is the oldest living thing on earth . There 's one in California that started growing around the time the Egyptian pyramids were being built , about 5,000 years ago . And the tree is still going strong . Scientists found an enzyme in its roots called telomerase , which could actually rebuild the telomeres , and humans have the enzyme , too .
The problem is that no one had ever found a way to boost its activity . But that 's because no one had ever tried a whole foods , plant-based diet before . In a study funded by the U.S. Department of Defense , Ornish found that after just three months of a whole foods , plant-based diet—along with exercise—one could significantly boost telomerase activity .
The accompanying editorial celebrated this breakthrough , and hoped that this “ exciting outcome… [ would ] encourage people to adopt a healthy lifestyle in order to avoid or combat cancer and age-related diseases . ”
To see any graphs , charts , graphics , images , and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring , watch the above video . This is just an approximation of the audio contributed by veganmontreal .
Please consider volunteering to help out on the site .
< script > ( function ( d , s , id ) { var js , fjs = d.getElementsByTagName ( s ) [ 0 ] ; if ( d.getElementById ( id ) ) return ; js = d.createElement ( s ) ; js.id = id ; js.src = `` //connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js # xfbml=1 & version=v2.3 '' ; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore ( js , fjs ) ; } ( document , 'script ' , 'facebook-jssdk ' ) ) ; The perfect accompaniment for your Turkey Curry - new improved pickles ! Posted by Patak 's Curry Inspiration on Saturday , 27 December 2014 ( function ( d , s , id ) { var js , fjs = d.getElementsByTagName ( s ) [ 0 ] ; if ( d.getElementById ( id ) ) return ; js = d.createElement ( s ) ; js.id = id ; js.src = `` //connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js # xfbml=1 & version=v2.3 '' ; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore ( js , fjs ) ; } ( document , 'script ' , 'facebook-jssdk ' ) ) ;
After Patak 's lime pickle had its recipe changed , a number of vocal consumers took to social media and wrote to the company , until the recipe was reverted back to the original . The hashtag ‪ # ‎PreservePataksPickle‬ was supposedly used by a number of lime pickle fans who wanted to protest the latest flavour change .
On Patak 's Facebook page , one commenter said `` The old lime pickle recipe was SO much better . That 's the first and last jar I buy of the `` new improved '' pickle . Yuk ! '' On the Amazon reviews for a 283g jar of lime pickle , one user said `` They have changed the recipe so avoid this product like the plague – it is disgusting in every way.Would like to have given it zero stars as that is what it deserves . '' next to a single star .
Other pickle fans were worried that the changes might go on to affect other products they enjoyed : `` I have enjoyed many jars of Pataks Lime pickle ( and their mixed pickle ) over recent years , but the new , so-called 'improved ' recipe for both types of pickle is revolting . Just a few tastes [ sic ] was enough for me and I binned both jars , so I wo n't be buying any more . Let 's hope they do n't mess around with their garlic pickle as well . ''
The response and turnaround is reminiscent of similar backtracking by other large companies . Last year , Tate & Lyle drew the ire of UK bakers after a change in their icing sugar recipe made whipped icing `` gritty '' . In the 80s , Coca-Cola famously tried to change the soft drink 's 100-year-old recipe and introduce New Coke – the public response was so voracious the company reintroduced the old recipe as Coca-Cola Classic .
Patak 's has been around since 1957 when it was started by Laxmishanker Pathak – in 2007 , the family sold it for £100m to Associated British Foods . They sell around 580,000 jars of lime pickle a year .
Patak brought back the original lime pickle recipe in November 2015 with the product now sporting a label saying `` it 's back ! ''
Apple recently released an update to fix a bug on the iPhone , made apparent by a phone enthusiast , but now it might have to update again after another bug was discovered .
This vulnerability is different from the passcode bug which was fixed through the latest iOS update , but it also gives unauthorized access to the iPhone 's contacts and photos when it is in lock mode .
The recent update , iOS 6.1.3 , put a stop to hackers who found out how to bypass the phone 's lock screen by entering a simple combination of buttons .
But this new bug is a little less complicated as it involves taking out the phone 's SIM card while it is in voice control mode .
The bug was made public after a YouTube user , videosdebarraquito , uploaded a video providing instructions on how to do it . It was the same user who made public the last bug that Apple fixed .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
In this video , the user shows how to bypass the phone 's lock screen on an iPhone 4 , but it seems that the bug exists in all phones .
To perform it , one has to activate voice dialing mode from the lock screen and instruct it to make a call . As the phone makes the call , the person has to take out the SIM card at that moment .
Once the SIM is removed , the phone immediately brings up the contacts list and owner 's photos .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Others have since replicated the hack , like Iphoneincanada and TheNextWeb , though all have done so on an iPhone 4S and not an iPhone 5 .
But iPhone 5 users are warned that the hack could also apply to them , as iPhoneblog.de , a German site , has said it performed the same hack on the latest iPhone .
While many believe Siri is involved in it , hackers say it has to do with Apple 's Voice Control feature .
Videosdebarraquito said to turn off the “ Voice Dial ” feature , which would disable people from bypassing the phone 's lock screen . But to make it even more secure , one should disable Siri from the lock screen .
The video explaining the hack was released yesterday , but has already gained more than 120,000 views .
Apple has not released a statement .
DailyMail , ARSTechnica
undefined
On Wednesday 's Morning Joe , the panel spent a great deal of time covering the recent allegations made by a Democratic Congresswoman from Florida that President Trump was disrespectful to the wife of an American soldier who was recently killed in Niger . Although the liberal politician 's account was not supported by independent evidence at the time of the show 's airing , host Joe Scarborough and frequent guest Jon Meacham used the story as an opportunity to attack Christians and church leaders from the South who support Trump as soulless hypocrites .
After playing footage highlighting Representative Frederica Wilson 's claims , most of the panel immediately took the Democrat 's assertions at face value and used them as just more evidence that Trump was an evil person :
JOE SCARBOROUGH : John Meacham , just put this into a long list of strange , bizarre interactions that the President has on a daily basis . I mean , we could find ten , or eleven , or twelve yesterday of public record that just , again , shows a complete disconnect from the rest of humanity , a complete disconnect from compassion , a complete disconnect from basic human emotions that we teach our children from the time they are two or three years old . Why do n't we just go , we 'll stay on this story ? But , when you tell John McCain , a war hero , who is , has the most progressive form of brain cancer , who is fighting for their life , when you offer a threat , say [ paraphrasing Trump ] I 'm coming at you and I can be mean [ end paraphrase ] or whatever childish thing they said , you sit there going , they just , they will never get it . He 's never gotten it . And this has nothing to do with politics . This has everything to do with their lack of humanity . And , some of their supporters will say , well , McCain attacked him . You know what you do ? When somebody is dying , when somebody is , is , when somebody is fighting for their lives the way they have , sometimes you just sit back and you let it go by and you end up winning . JON MEACHAM [ RANDOM HOUSE , EXECUTIVE EDITOR ; TIME , CONTRIBUTING EDITOR ] : And you 're the President of the United States , - SCARBOROUGH : [ interjecting ] Most importantly . MEACHAM : -so , at this , even as a candidate , maybe it makes a little more sense , but at this point it 's a pathology . The lack of human empathy , which is not simply a personal failing , but it 's also gon na have important diplomatic and political consequences for the rest of us .
The “ lack of humanity ” characterizations vis-a-vis Trump are pretty old news at this point on Morning Joe . However , far more interesting was where Scarborough and Meacham took the conversation next . Namely , they imputed their accusations of inhumanity and evil not just onto the President , but also their supporters , specifically those in the South :
SCARBOROUGH : Let me ask you this , as far as the personal failing goes , ‘ cause I got into this yesterday on the show and a little bit after the show . We 're from the South . And what at least our generation was taught was constantly being polite . People would come from across the country and all of my friends that would come from the North would say : everybody is so polite ; everybody is so kind ; people I do n't even know come up and say hello to me , take ‘ em to church , and they , you know [ trails off ] . That 's what the South had going for it , you know . We have had our problems , but as far as being kind to people that were coming down here , that 's what we always took pride in . You know , your parents I 'm sure at times , my parents at times , would say : that is not how a Southern gentleman treats a lady ; open the door ; - MEACHAM : Right . SCARBOROUGH : -you know , walk behind ; do this ; carry that . [ ... ] [ B ] ut for yankees , it 's hard to know how much that actually is pounded into your head every day . Your friends , there 's even peer pressure . You do n't talk to somebody that way . And yet , you have the entire South it seems , you have evangelicals especially , despicable pharisees , leaders of the church in the South , kowtowing to this horrific man who has no humanity and is the antithesis of everything we were taught growing up in the South about how you treat other people . MEACHAM : And I think there 's gon na be some kind of reckoning . Basically , the Republican Party , a lot of , as you say , a lot of our fellow southerners have sold their soul for temporal power and the check is bouncing .
It 's a bit hard to know where to begin , but perhaps the most ridiculous thing here is how Scarborough compared Christian church leaders in the South to some of the main antagonists of Jesus in the New Testament , characters who were complicit in Christ 's death . Moreover , the implication that genuine Christians have no legitimate reason to support Trump because they must agree with everything they have ever said or done sets an impossibly high standard for supporters of any politician to meet .
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Additionally , it is worth noting that Meacham 's assertion that southerners had “ sold their soul [ s ] ” by supporting Trump echoed Scarborough 's religious sermon from Tuesday that Trump was actively “ go [ ing ] out of their way ” to flout moral conventions and act in a way that embodies the “ antithesis ” of Christ 's teachings . If Scarborough and company actually want more moral credibility , they should at least start holding rank-and-file Democrats to the same standards as everyday Republicans before getting too fire-and-brimstone on their audience .
A transcript of the segment follows below :
Last week Nevada Assemblyman Lynn Stewart , Chairman of the Committee on Legislative Operations and Elections , in a rarely seen maneuver , bowed to overwhelming citizen pressures from hundreds of phone calls and emails and from volunteers wearing RED shirts demanding that they not let Nevada 's Article V Bill AJR7 die in their Committee without being brought to a Vote .
At the time Chairman Stewart changed their mind and allowed the vote , the Legislative Opinion polling stood at 71 % FOR and 29 % AGAINST moving AJR7 to the full Assembly floor . Yet , when the vote was taken only two Committee members , Assemblywomen Michele Fiore and Shelly Shelton supported the will of the people of Nevada , while eight -- four Republicans and four Democrats -- voted against . The surprise vote was taken without any Committee discussion and no citizen testimony was allowed .
In the days leading up to today 's Committee meeting well over 45,000 Nevadans were reached and national talk show host Mark Levin even made mention of the Chairman 's plan to let AJR7 die in their Committee . One might speculate that Chairman Stewart and many on their Committee were bowing to decade's-old fear tactics propagated by those that want to maintain the status quo .
Please take a few minutes to congratulate and to thank these brave members of our Nevada Assembly who stood with our Founding Fathers and against tyranny gripping America today :
Assemblyman David M. Gardner , ESQ , BDR1069 & AJR7 Sponsor
District 9 : David.Gardner @ asm.state.nv.us
775-684-8549
Assemblywoman Michele Fiore AJR7 Cosponsor
( R-4 ) Michele.Fiore @ asm.state.nv.us
775-684-8829
Assemblywoman Shelly Shelton , AJR7 Cosponsor
( R-10 ) Shelly.Shelton @ asm.state.nv.us
775-684-8541
Assemblyman Erven Nelson , AJR7 Cosponsor
District 5 : Erven.Nelson @ asm.state.nv.us
775-684-8833
A Morning , with a View of Cuckold 's Point . '' By Samuel Scott ( 1702-1772 ) . `` By Samuel Scott ( 1702-1772 ) .
Cuckold 's Point is the name given to part of a sharp bend on the River Thames on the Rotherhithe peninsula , south-east London , opposite the West India Docks and to the north of Columbia Wharf . The name comes from a post surmounted by a pair of horns that used to stand at the location , a symbol commemorating the starting point of the riotous Horn Fair , which can also symbolise a cuckold , a man whose wife had openly cheated on him .
The Horn Fair was a procession which led to Charlton . [ 1 ] It is said that King John , or another English monarch , gave the fair as a concession , along with all the land from the point to Charlton , to a miller whose wife they had seduced after a hunting trip , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] though this story is disputed . [ 4 ]
Cuckold 's Point was also the location of a riverside gibbet , where the bodies of executed criminals ( usually river pirates ) were displayed as a deterrent to others , while it also gave its name to an adjacent shipyard during the 18th century .
Cuckold 's Point also mentioned in the diaries of Samuel Pepys . On Friday 20 February 1662/63 , Pepys described a river journey from Woolwich back to The Temple :
`` Up and by water with Commissioner Pett to Deptford , and there looked over the yard , and had a call , wherein I am very highly pleased with our new manner of call-books , being my invention . Thence thinking to have gone down to Woolwich in the Charles pleasure boat , but they run aground , it being almost low water , and so by oars to the town , and there dined , and then to the yard at Mr. Ackworth 's , discoursing with the officers of the yard about their stores of masts , which was our chief business , and having done something therein , took boat and to the pleasure boat , which was come down to fetch us back , and I could have been sick if I would in going , the wind being very fresh , but very pleasant it was , and the first time I have sailed in any one of them . It carried us to Cuckold 's Point , and so by oars to the Temple , it 's raining hard , where missed speaking with my cosen Roger , and so walked home and to my office ; there spent the night till bed time , and so home to supper and to bed . ''
It is also mentioned by Daniel Defoe in their description of London ( Letter V ) and in A Journal of the Plague Year ( part XX ) .
The location is the subject of a painting , A Morning , with a View of Cuckold 's Point ( c. 1750–1760 ) , by Samuel Scott , currently in the collection of the Tate Gallery .
Today [ edit ]
Panorama ( horizontally scroll ) : The bend in the Thames at Cuckold 's Point , showing ( left to right ) Canary Wharf , Limehouse Reach , Ropemakers ' Fields ( in foreground ) , Cuckold 's Point ( across river ) , Limehouse Basin lock , and the Lower Pool of London . ( horizontally scroll ) : The bend in the Thames at Cuckold 's Point , showing ( left to right ) Canary Wharf , Limehouse Reach , Ropemakers ' Fields ( in foreground ) , Cuckold 's Point ( across river ) , Limehouse Basin lock , and the Lower Pool of London .
Cuckold 's Point is near to Pageant Crescent , Rotherhithe and to Nelson 's Pier , from which the Docklands Hilton has a ferry connection to Canary Wharf .
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
Drink Coffee ? Off With Your Head !
Most folks who resolved to cut down on coffee this year is driven by the simple desire for self-improvement .
But for coffee drinkers in 17th-century Turkey , there was a much more concrete motivating force : a big guy with a sword .
Sultan Murad IV , a ruler of the Ottoman Empire , would not have been a fan of Starbucks . Under their rule , the consumption of coffee was a capital offense .
toggle caption Adam Cole/NPR
The sultan was so intent on eradicating coffee that they would disguise themselves as a commoner and stalk the streets of Istanbul with a hundred-pound broadsword . Unfortunate coffee drinkers were decapitated as they sipped .
Murad IV 's successor was more lenient . The punishment for a first offense was a light cudgeling . Caught with coffee a second time , the perpetrator was sewn into a leather bag and tossed in the river .
But people still drank coffee . Even with the sultan at the front door with a sword and the executioner at the back door with a sewing kit , they still wanted their daily cup of joe . And that 's the history of coffee in a bean skin : Old habits die hard .
Wherever it spread , coffee was popular with the masses but challenged by the powerful .
`` If you look at the rhetoric about drugs that we 're dealing with now — like , say , crack — it 's very similar to what was said about coffee , '' Stewart Allen , author of The Devil 's Cup : Coffee , the Driving Force in History , tells The Salt .
In Murad 's Istanbul , religious leaders preached on street corners that coffee would inspire indecent behavior . As the bean moved west into Europe , physicians rallied against it , claiming that coffee would `` dry up the cerebrospinal fluid '' and cause paralysis .
Perhaps the bawdiest argument against coffee was `` The Womens [ sic ] Petition Against Coffee , '' published in England in 1674 . Brimming with innuendos that would make Shakespeare blush , the six-page manifesto blamed coffee for every type of impotence .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Adam Cole/NPR Adam Cole/NPR
One of the more repeatable passages :
... the Excessive use of that Newfangled , Abominable , Heathenish Liquor called COFFEE , which Riffling Nature of their Choicest Treasures , and Drying up the Radical Moisture , has so Eunucht our Husbands that they are become as unfruitful as those Desarts whence that unhappy Berry is said to be brought .
Monarchs and tyrants publicly argued that coffee was poison for the bodies and souls of their subjects , but Mark Pendergrast — author of Uncommon Grounds : The History of Coffee and How It Transformed Our World — says their real concern was political .
They observed that the people drinking alcohol would just get drunk and sing and be jolly , whereas the people drinking coffee remained sober and plotted against the government .
`` Coffee has a tendency to loosen people 's imaginations ... and mouths , '' they tell The Salt .
And inventive , chatty citizens scare dictators .
According to one story , an Ottoman Grand Vizier secretly visited a coffeehouse in Istanbul .
`` He observed that the people drinking alcohol would just get drunk and sing and be jolly , whereas the people drinking coffee remained sober and plotted against the government , '' says Allen .
Coffee fueled dissent — not just in the Ottoman Empire but all through the Western world . The French and American Revolutions were planned , in part , in the dark corners of coffeehouses . In Germany , a fearful Frederick the Great demanded that Germans switch from coffee to beer . They sent soldiers sniffing through the streets , searching for the slightest whiff of the illegal bean .
In England , King Charles II issued an order to shut down all coffeehouses after they traced some clever but seditious poetry to them . The backlash was throne-shaking . In just 11 days , Charles reversed their ruling .
`` I think maybe they recalled that they had beheaded their father , '' Pendergrast says . `` He did n't want to stir up too much trouble . ''
And so coffee took its place in the center of culture . Where so many other underground movements — religious , political , even musical — were squashed , coffee managed to go mainstream .
According to legend , even the Pope Clement VIII could n't resist coffee 's charms . After inspecting the drink , they remarked to their skeptical advisers , `` Why , this Satan 's drink is so delicious that it would be a pity to let the infidels have exclusive use of it . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Adam Cole/NPR Adam Cole/NPR
So to all you caffeine-fasters and New Year 's resolvers , I say good luck . I hope you have more discipline than the pope and more strength than the Ottoman Empire .
There are two main types of plant images in the Voynich manuscript . Large plants and small plants . These names do n't refer to the sizes of the actual plants , a bit rather to the size of the individual plant image compared to the page . Below a large plant page on the left , and a page with a bunch of small plants on the right .
When I started researching the manuscript myself and reading the works of others , I was surprised to see that the large plants had been studied much more in depth than the small plants . The small-plant section had gotten some love for its cylindrical containers , and one or two particular plants were often mentioned because they suited this or that theory . But dozens of others were largely ignored .
Just to illustrate this , let 's have a look about what D'Imperio ( still considered essential reading by some ) wrote about these plants . This is all , a short paragraph on p.16 :
The pages in this section of the manuscript show rows of small , sketchy plants or plant parts , which seem to emphasize one structure – roots or leaves – at the expense of the remainder . They are so abbreviated as to appear almost as mnemonic or shorthand symbols referring to plants already illustrated more fully in other folios , or to plants otherwise familiar to the scribe and their colleagues . A determined effort by several students to relate the sketches to the herbal drawings [ large plants ] has not been very successful , however .
Herculeaf
When I noticed this , I decided that my official act of Voynich study would be to understand these plants better . After all , many of them look like perfectly normal plants or their parts – so what can be so hard ?
Oh… right , Voynich . In these plants , just like in the large ones , there are rather unexpected shapes , some hidden , some… not so much .
I soon started noticing more hidden images in the plants , parts which could not have been meant as actual plant pictures in any way . On one foldout , I recognized a number of references to tales and figures from Greek myth – which is how this blog got its name , Herculeaf . But those are , admittedly , not too easy to spot . However , there are more obvious hidden images , of which I will provide an overview in this post .
Very Obvious
Let 's start with those images which are clearly not purely botanical and not even hidden . All of these have been spotted by other researchers before , since they are out in the open . Both plants with faces in the roots go here , and the following :
f.88 : Hidden animals and animal parts
Apart from these obvious examples , there are quite a number of other ( partial ) animals hidden in the plants . These appear on various folios , though especially on f.88 recto and verso side :
For a quick , zoomable look at these folios , check this page .
There are enough indications to launch the hypothesis that all plants on this folio refer to animals or animal parts . Of course not all of these are easy to understand : because of the cultural , geographical and historical distance between us and the makers of these images . Because successive copyists may have altered the images . And because they are still plant drawings in the first place .
But still , I dare to state with confidence that these plants have escaped identification and are indeed ignored by most researchers , because they have been artificially altered to evoke the shape of animals at the same time . The following will contain a fair bit of interpretation , as is often necessary in the study of art . If you only like things that are mathematically provable , you might as well close this tab .
Let us first have a look at a trio of relatively large plants that dwell near the bottom of f.88r . Try for yourself , and see if you can understand why I believe these plants have been grouped and which type of animal they represent . As is the case in 90 % of the plants , the hidden image is mostly or exclusively in the roots , while the leaves are more botanically accurate :
Not too hard , right ? They are all aquatic creatures with tentacles .
The most obvious one is an octopus , with eight roots for eight arms , including suction pods :
It is interesting to note that octopus images are rare in medieval manuscripts , yet abundant in earlier art .
The other plant has its tentacles close together and is more streamlined , giving it the appearance of a swimming octopus or a squid . The difference between octopus , squid and similar creatures is not the same in all languages .
The final member of the tentacled trio has got nine legs , so it 's either a greedy octopus or a jellyfish . I think the last option is the most likely , especially since this plant is drawn in a relaxed floating way , while octopus and squid are swimming .
Once again , remember that these three plants are right next to each other on the same folio .
Those are pretty clear examples , and their size indicate that they may have been meant as the focal point of the folio . I am less certain about those on top of the page , and will just show some examples to demonstrate that they , too , contain animal forms . The same is true for the plants on the verso side . Rather than forcing some interpretation , I will post them here and let the reader decide for themselves .
Additionally , one plant on the verso side is shaped like a spine , perhaps of a fish ?
And of course , not to forget , the monkey butt . With thanks to Lars Dietz for the excellent monkey species suggestion .
( For the complete discussion of this plant , see this post : Monkey Business )
The adjacent foldout moves on to hidden mythological elements , yet these still contain quite a number of animals or animal parts . A rearing cobra :
A snake , two birds or horses in the leaves , a fish tail…
That should be enough for this post . My aim was mostly to demonstrate that there are many , many more hidden images in these small-plant drawings than one would suspect at first sight . And even more importantly , perhaps , that these images appear to be somewhat grouped thematically .
This past October , a man in South Carolina died in a car accident . Their daughter was obviously still dealing with their emotions several weeks later when an unexpected package arrived from the state 's Department of Public Safety . It was a book written by Kenneth C. Haugk called A Time to Grieve . Far from just serving as a resource to help people cope with death , the book was actually a tool to promote Christianity .
According to the American Humanist Association 's Appignani Humanist Legal Center , which just sent a letter to the Department of Public Safety ,
The book is laden with Bible passages and other overtly religious messages such as : • “ Be merciful to me , LORD , for I am faint ; O LORD , heal me , for my bones are in
agony . My soul is in anguish . How long , O LORD , how long ? Psalm 6:2-3 ” • “ Even if your hold on God seems to slip at times — do n't worry . God has a firm
hold on you ! ” • “ There is nothing we do to make God love us more . There is nothing we can do to
make God love us less. ” • “ What God does is not always immediately evident to human eyes. ” • “ Stand still , and whisper God 's name , and listen . They are nearer than you think. ” An entire chapter of the book is dedicated to the subject , “ If God Seems Far Away. ” The chapter urges its readers to pray to God and not to lose faith .
“ The state 's using an individual 's grief to push a religious agenda is not only unconstitutional but also grossly insensitive , ” said Roy Speckhardt , executive director of the American Humanist Association . “ Everyone deserves to be treated with compassion in processing the death of a loved one , and during such a difficult time , atheists should have their convictions respected in the same way that the beliefs of a grieving religious individual would be respected. ” “ In giving out an inherently religious book , the government is clearly violating the constitutional right to freedom from religious endorsement by the state , ” said Monica Miller , senior counsel at the Appignani Humanist Legal Center . “ Numerous courts have ruled against similar instances of state promotion of Christianity , and this instance is particularly egregious because the state sends the religious book to grieving families . ”
Why did government officials think telling an atheist to trust in the Christian God was an appropriate way to help them deal with the loss ? There would be a national outcry if the same department sent a book to a grieving Christian urging them to think about Satan in their time of need .
There will inevitably be Christians arguing that the state was just trying to do something nice — and the atheists are complaining over nothing . But this is n't merely a violation of the law . This is the government telling a woman who just lost their father that she 's dealing with it the wrong way by not invoking Jesus . It 's appalling that anyone would have thought this was a smart idea .
The Department of Public Safety has a week to respond to the AHA before further action steps are considered .
The upcoming Republican presidential debate just did Rand Paul and Carly Fiorina the dirty .
The two were not included in the newly-announced lineup for Thursday 's debate in North Charleston , South Carolina , hosted by Fox Business Network . According to USA Today , the debate will feature the usual cast of coconuts : Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio , Ben Carson , Jeb Bush , Chris Christie and John Kasich .
Rand Paul , for their part , is not into doing the second-rate debate . They told CNN that they “ wo n't participate in anything that 's not first tier because we have a first tier campaign. ” They also called it a “ rotten ” thing to do , and has been tweeting angrily about it for the past hour .
Paul is so pissed that they even released a statement responding to the slight :
Rand Paul for President Issues Statement on Fox Business Debate pic.twitter.com/OYqMjRQ8Y9 — Zeke Miller ( @ ZekeJMiller ) January 12 , 2016
And there you have it : a candidate whose poll numbers have been consistently abysmal is enraged that they are not given the lectern to deliver speeches to the voters who do n't care about him .
[ Image via Twitter ]
The National Zoo 's sloth bear cub celebrated their first birthday last week , which was a feat , considering the fate of their two siblings : Their mother ate them .
The three cubs were born Dec. 29 , 2013 , and their mom , Khali , “ ingested the first two cubs soon after giving birth , ” the zoo said . According to the zoo , “ it is not uncommon for carnivores to consume their cubs ” if the mother or the cub is compromised in some way , such as from illness .
Remi , the survivor , was not doing well , and zoo officials took drastic action . They pulled them away from Khali to raise them by hand , resorting to measures such as night and day bottle feedings .
Once weak and hypothermic , Remi was “ in great health ” last week , the zoo said , weighing in at 125 pounds and making remarkable progress despite an unbear-like upbringing .
The sloth bear , far more bear than sloth , comes from Asia , eats insects and is nocturnal . The year-old cub , the zoo said , is smart , social and goofy .
( CNN ) Cheers rang out at a protest camp in North Dakota on Sunday , as the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and its supporters learned that the US Army Corps of Engineers had blocked a measure to allow the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline beneath Lake Oahe , a Missouri River reservoir .
Tribe members and allies , including environmental activists and military veterans , had gathered at Standing Rock reservation since April , where they established camp and refused to leave until construction was halted .
Rallying under the banner `` water is life , '' the protesters charged that the oil pipeline threatened the tribe 's water supply and desecrated sacred lands . Many feared a pipeline leak could cause an environmental disaster .
The protests were largely peaceful , but at times devolved into chaos as law enforcement officers fired rubber bullets , tear gas and water at some activists who set fires , vandalized construction equipment and blocked building efforts .
Thousands of protesters were preparing to hold their ground through the cold winter when Jo-Ellen Darcy , the Army 's assistant secretary for civil works , announced Energy Transfer Partners , the company constructing the pipeline , would have to re-route the $ 3.7 billion project .
The camp erupted in instant jubilation , with protesters cheering , crying tears of joy and beating drums .
`` Prayers have been answered , '' Chief Arvol Looking Horse , Keeper of the White Buffalo Calf Pipe , told the protesters gathered at the camp . `` I know that the great spirit is going to bless each and every one of you . ''
`` People said we either make it or break it , and I guess we made it , '' they added .
Tribe members and supporters beat drums in celebration of their hard-fought victory against Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners .
Chief Arvol Looking Horse of the of Lakota , Dakota , and Nakota Nation takes a moment to reflect on the protesters ' great achievement .
A tribesman rides down from a snow-covered ridge overlooking Oceti Sakowin Camp on the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation .
A crowd cheers at Oceti Sakowin camp , elated that the tribe 's water supply and sacred grounds remain safe .
Activists hold hands during a prayer circle that included Native-Americans and non-Native activists .
Protesters celebrate their great victory at Standing Rock Sioux Reservation .
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo is reportedly 'laying the groundwork ' for a 2020 presidential bid .
Cuomo , 59 , has already hired two fundraisers in Florida , a key swing state in the presidential elections .
A source told the New York Post that the newly hired fundraisers , including Hillary Clinton 's former go-to-guy Jon Adrabi , is a sign Cuomo 's building a national network to launch their presidential bid .
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo is reportedly 'laying the groundwork ' for a 2020 presidential bid . Cuomo , 59 , has already hired two fundraisers in Florida , a key swing state in the presidential elections
Adrabi and another consultant are expected to plan events and build relationships with Democratic donors in Florida .
'Hiring out-of-state fundraising staff , particularly in a battleground state , opens up money spigots beyond what would normally be available and is a key first step to laying the groundwork for a run , ' said one source .
According to the Post Cuomo 's plan is to hire political consultants with experience outside of New York .
Cuomo , who is in their second term , steadfastly denies they will run for president , saying their sole concern is running in New York and seeking re-election in 2018 .
But the governor has been listed as top contender in a report from The Hill , claiming the No . 10 spot on the list .
State Democratic Party director Basil Smikle Jr did not dispute the Florida hiring , and told the Post that Cuomo 'always fundraises across the country and uses local consultants ' .
A source said the newly hired fundraisers , including Hillary Clinton 's former go-to-guy Jon Adrabi , is a sign Cuomo 's building a national network to launch their presidential bid
Their focus on out-of-state fundraising is a sign they want to get a jump on other Democratic hopefuls , consultants say .
'Florida is a critical state not just for electoral value but for connecting with influencers and raising money , ' Dan Gerstein , who advised former Connecticut Sen Joe Lieberman in their presidential run , told the Post .
'If you are serious about positioning yourself for a possible candidacy you start early . '
Cuomo has several fundraisers planned next month , including a dinner at the St. Regis where tickets cost $ 15,000 per person .
President Obama 's sharp rebuke of Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump 's emergency declaration MORE ( D ) over their ambitious trade agenda is backfiring in the House , where the personal attacks are alienating the same Democrats the president is courting for votes .
Warren , a first-year student liberal from Massachusetts , has emerged as among the fiercest and most visible opponents of Obama 's trade wish list , which includes deals with countries in Asia and Europe the president is hoping to make a legacy of their White House tenure .
The tough tenor was designed to rally the backing of more Democrats , particularly in the House , where GOP leaders are struggling to find the 217 votes needed to pass to fast-track bill aimed at facilitating those pacts .
ADVERTISEMENT
Instead , Obama 's rhetoric — they said their critics were “ just wrong ” in an interview with Yahoo published Saturday — seems to have exacerbated tensions between Democrats and the White House , which could make it tougher to move one of the president 's top legislative priorities through Congress this year .
“ You and I can disagree about policy , but I ca n't call you a bad person or impugn your motives or anything else — except at great risk , ” Rep. Jim McDermott ( Wash. ) , a liberal Democrat who 's undecided but leaning against the trade bill , said Wednesday .
“ Civility in this business is important , because tomorrow I have to work with you , tomorrow I may need you badly , ” they added . “ A lot of people are standing around saying , ‘ You know something , this is getting to be a personal thing , and that 's not the way we want to go here . ' ... They went quite a way with them and I think probably they wo n't go that far again . ”
Appearing Wednesday on C-SPAN 's “ Washington Journal ” program , Rep. Keith Ellison ( D-Minn. ) offered a similar critique , saying they were “ disappointed ” that Obama adopted an “ insulting ” tone toward Warren , while “ acting like they have no legitimate point of view . ”
“ If I was trying to persuade a friend , I would n't start out by saying how deficient they were , ” said Ellison , a long-time opponent of trade deals who heads the Congressional Progressive Caucus . “ If you want your friends to go for something , meet their concerns as opposed to putting them down . ”
The tensions underlying the trade debate have highlighted a long-standing problem for the president : namely , their penchant for negotiating legislation in ways that leave even their closest allies on Capitol Hill feeling excluded from the process .
“ We 're the children at the kids ' table during the negotiations , ” Rep. Mark Pocan ( D-Wis. ) , an opponent of the trade legislation , said Wednesday .
“ We 've had the president 's back over and over and over again — and I can disagree with the president and still have their back — [ but ] it 'd be nice if the approach was reciprocal , ” Pocan added . “ Elizabeth Warren agrees with Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate , America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44 ' on sleeve at basketball game MORE on 98-99 percent of issues , and to decide to take them to task on the 1 percent is just a very ineffective way to gain friends . ”
Perhaps recognizing the growing disdain , the White House on Wednesday shifted its tone toward Warren , emphasizing the long list of issues on which they and the president agree .
“ This does n't reflect a difference in values , ” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said . “ The president and Sen. Warren both believe it 's important for the government to put in place policies that will expand opportunities for middle-class families . ”
Earnest said Obama is trying to appeal to liberals ' “ values ” to “ try to win their support ” for trade promotion authority .
Earlier this week , the approach was different . The White House threw fuel on the fire after Warren accused the administration of keeping the details of the emerging Asian-Pacific deal secret .
“ There is no need for this false criticism that members of Congress are n't aware of what 's being negotiated , ” Earnest said Monday , adding that Democrats who have n't read the agreement , made available in a secure briefing room , “ have failed to take responsibility . ”
Still , despite the softer tone , the White House is not backing away from its criticism of Warren 's claims .
During a testy exchange with a CNN reporter who questioned whether the White House mishandled its sales pitch to liberals , Earnest accused the critics of “ complaining ” about free trade instead of offering constructive ideas .
Earnest also said Democrats should “ stick to the facts ” when debating trade .
At issue is a trade promotion authority ( TPA ) bill , known as fast-tack , designed to catalyze the passage of international trade deals being negotiated by the administration , including an expansive accord with Japan , Vietnam and nine other nations .
Authored by Sens . Orrin Hatch ( R-Utah ) and Ron Wyden ( D-Ore. ) , along with Rep. Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) , the proposal grants Congress an up-or-down vote on trade deals negotiated by the Obama administration , but denies lawmakers the power to amend them .
Democratic support for the TPA bill will likely be crucial for GOP leaders to move the bill through the lower chamber , where a number of conservatives oppose the notion of granting more power to a president they distrust .
At least 12 House Democrats are on record backing the TPA bill , according to The Hill 's whip count , and that number is likely to grow in the coming days . It 's unclear how much Democratic support GOP leaders would need to reach the 217 votes required to pass the bill through the House .
Obama 's trade agenda hit a wall on Tuesday , when Senate Democrats blocked the bipartisan fast-track bill over concerns that it excluded too many of the Democrats ' other trade priorities , including a proposal tackling currency manipulation .
The impasse did n't last long ; Senate leaders reached a deal Wednesday to move the legislation by granting votes on a pair of Democratic trade bills before moving to the TPA package .
McDermott , for one , said that given the high stakes of the debate , the tensions and emotions are to be expected .
“ Some people may feel a little bit jostled in all of it , ” they said , “ but this is a contact sport . ”
Why must development always come at the cost of our oceanic playground ?
We 've seen it in Australia , Indonesia , even at home in the good ol ' U.S. of A . It 's always the same story : rich investor wants to get richer , has a million dollar idea to develop a coastal region , local community succumbs due to economic and political pressures . Now Puerto Rico is facing these same dollar-minded mega-douches , this time under the monicker of the Christopher Columbus Landing Resort . As if that Italian super-explorer has n't already stolen enough land !
At the moment , Puerto Ricans are in a political battle to preserve their lands at Playuela , a beach and estuary that houses four of Puerto Rico 's premier surf breaks , including Wilderness and Wishing Well . The proposed construction would consume 121 acres of the untouched land , thus destroying ecosystems in both land and sea . On top of that , the hotel would create break-walls to ensure a year-round sandy beach for its visitors — something that has been proven to destroy surf breaks across the world .
A cause we can get behind . Photo : Jimmicane
Local surfers such as Dylan Graves are pushing hard to deter to development process and preserve their home in the process . To learn more about this cause or to offer your support , click here or spread the word about a protest . 12:00pm , this Saturday ( November 19th ) at Aguadilla Plaza .
5/15/2017 - Apparently , since I was last here , PMC changed the format of the site , so it 's far less obvious where to get the schematics . They 're in a zip file , and the button is labeled `` Download Minecraft Map '' . Sorry about this !
Back with a tree pack ! This time I 'm going to keep my schematics organized by region , so this project may take a while to be completely finished . This particular pack contains species native to the arid and mountainous regions of southwest North America . This also includes some coastal plants from along the Pacific , as well as some from northern Mexico .
This is an ongoing project ! More species will be added as I make them ! There will be at least 40 species when finished .
Here is a list of all currently completed trees :
Arizona Pine
- extra small ( 9m )
- small ( 14m )
- medium ( 19m )
- large ( 25m )
Arizona Sycamore
- small ( 16m )
- large ( 20m )
Arizona White Oak
- small ( 11m )
- large ( 15m )
Bigtooth Maple
- small ( 8m )
- medium ( 13m )
- large ( 19m )
California Nutmeg
- small ( 10m )
- medium ( 15m )
- large ( 22m )
Coast Redwood ( NEW ! ! )
- small ( 17m )
- medium ( 36m )
- large ( 60m )
- extra large ( 100m ) * It 's huge , and it 's size needs to be planned for because of the 256 height limit ! *
Desert Ironwood
- small ( 7m )
- large ( 10m )
Desert Willow ( UPDATED ! ! )
- small ( 3m )
- large ( 7m )
Fremont 's Cottonwood
- comes in both oak-leafed and birch-leafed versions
- small ( 11m )
- medium ( 17m )
- large ( 24m )
Incense Cedar
- extra small ( 9m )
- small ( 13m )
- medium ( 24m )
- large ( 31m )
- extra large ( 44m )
Great Basin Bristlecone Pine
- comes in regular and ancient versions
- small ( 4m )
- medium ( 7m )
- large ( 13m )
- ancient - 1 ( 11m )
- ancient - 2 ( 13m )
﻿- ancient - 3 ( 11m )
Joshua Tree
- small ( 5m )
Mexican Fan Palm
- small ( 13m )
- medium ( 20m )
- large ( 24m )
- extra large ( 27m )
One-Seed Juniper
- small ( 3m )
- medium ( 5m )
- large ( 6m )
- extra large ( 8m )
Pacific Madrone ( NEW ! ! )
- small ( 11m )
- large ( 26m )
Single-Leafed Pinyon
- extra small ( 6m )
- small ( 8m )
- medium ( 11m )
- large ( 17m )
Tanoak ( NEW ! ! )
- small shrub ( 5m )
Velvet Mesquite
- small ( 6m )
- large ( 12m )
Whitethorn Acacia
- small ( 5m )
- large ( 8m )
I 've also included a flatmap that shows every species made thus far .
6 years ago
( CNN ) – Lest any questions remain about Sen. Ted Cruz 's national allegiance , the Texas Republican announced Monday they were renouncing their Canadian citizenship .
Cruz was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father , and over the weekend they released their birth certificate to put to rest any questions about their background . In an analysis , the Dallas Morning News speculated Cruz – considered a potential candidate for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination – was a dual citizen of the United States and Canada .
`` Because I was a U.S. citizen at birth , because I left Calgary when I was 4 and have lived my entire life since then in the U.S. , and because I have never taken affirmative steps to claim Canadian citizenship , I assumed that was the end of the matter , '' Cruz wrote in their statement .
`` Now the Dallas Morning News says that I may technically have dual citizenship . Assuming that is true , then sure , I will renounce any Canadian citizenship , '' they continued . `` Nothing against Canada , but I 'm an American by birth , and as a U.S . Senator , I believe I should be only an American . ''
As speculation ramps up about Cruz 's political future , some have questioned their eligibility to become president . Most legal experts have said Cruz qualifies as a `` natural born citizen , '' a requirement for the White House job , as stated in the Constitution .
In the Dallas Morning News Sunday , legal experts told the paper that Cruz is not only eligible for president in the United States , he 's also technically a Canadian citizen and can even run for Parliament . Unless they renounce their citizenship there , they could also obtain a Canadian passport , according to the newspaper .
The senator 's office , however , said Cruz has never embraced their legal rights in Canada .
`` Senator Cruz became a U.S. citizen at birth , and they never had to go through a naturalization process after birth to become a U.S. citizen , '' spokesperson Catherine Frazier told the newspaper . `` To our knowledge , they never had Canadian citizenship , so there is nothing to renounce . ''
CNN 's Jim Acosta , Ashley Killough and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .
Update June 22 : FBI : no hate crime just a mentally ill Muslim , see here . Gee , we heard that somewhere before , where ?
Remember the story we told you about earlier this month .
Well , Leo Hohmann at World Net Daily has an update that will blow you away !
Why is this not on the national news ?
I 'm only going to give you the opening paragraphs because I want you to read it yourself . You ca n't make this up ! Imagine this happening in your suburban yard !
Here is Hohmann :
It 's been two weeks since an Atlanta-area mother and their daughter were attacked at their home by a burqa-clad Muslim woman who stole the American flag from their front yard and charged at them , swinging the flagpole at the mother 's head .
The family says their lives have been turned upside down by the attack , and they do n't go anywhere now unless armed . Two weeks later , they say they 're still waiting for answers from their local police chief and the FBI .
Who attacked them and why ?
Dami Arno and their husband , Jimmy of Lawrenceville , Georgia , told WND they are now wondering whether justice will ever be served .
And they want to know why Dami 's attacker – a woman believed to be an immigrant from Somalia – is not being charged with a hate crime . They also want to know why their attacker 's immigration status is being guarded like a state secret while they , the victims , are being ignored by authorities .
Dami and Jimmy Arno said the Lawrenceville police officer who responded to the May 31 incident told them they could not remove the assailant 's burqa “ because that would violate their civil rights . ”
This is a scary story and one sure to really tick you off—in the wake of Orlando , for the authorities to be so protective of this immigrant 's rights is simply mind blowing !
Continue here and think if this were an episode on a TV show how outraged the political establishment and the Left would be—they would be screaming racism ! They would say it was fabricated to scare Americans and make Africans look bad .
By the way , in case you are wondering if some strange Somali woman just wandered over from Atlanta , Hohmann in an early report on the case tells us this :
The U.S. State Department , working with the United Nations , has sent 4,054 Somali refugees to the state of Georgia since 2002 , according to the State Department 's online refugee database . Lawrenceville has received 21 Somalis during that time , but nearby Atlanta has received 1,203 and neighboring Clarkston has received 437 , Decatur 1,039 and Stone Mountain 1,096 .
See my earlier report this afternoon about what Donald Trump said in Georgia today about refugees .
In this blog post , I have some awesome high-quality human sounds or “ walla ” sounds ( wall of people ) for you recorded . You can use these effects in any of your film , game , or music productions ! I just love being creative and learning the process of sound design is so much fun !
To make it super easy to download this sounds all together for free , I created the Album “ Party Walla ” on Bandcamp with all the sounds that I used .
The main soundtrack started out with the Elevator sound that I recorded in Porto , Portugal . The idea is that the club is somewhere in a basement . Here is the link to the Elevator Sound !
I closed the door and then you can already listen that there is music somewhere . I gave this sound a muffling effect by using a scientific filter . The closer the elevator gets to the basement , the louder the music . In the moment I open the door , the music kicks in and people starting to talk . The Sound File is around five minutes .
I recorded this “ Walla ” at the Orange County Fair in Costa Mesa and the hall was filled with at least a thousand people . I only used for this recording my Zoom H6 and walked around with the recorder in my hand .
In the process of creating more Volume , I used the Haas Effect in Adobe Audition what is a really nice tool and gives you a nice binaural psychoacoustic effect . I am going to buy the book “ The Fundamentals of Sound Science ” just to learn more about sounds . If you can recommend a good book , please let me know !
The Club Music Background is from freesound.org and is under the Creative Commons Public Domain CC0 published and can be used in any production as well ! I am not including this sound in the Album separately but you can download the sound if you need it for your project ! I think it sounds really awesome and here is the backlink !
Upcoming Sounds are High School Football and Icehockey Stadiums Ambient , amazing wind sounds and more traffic sounds from Los Angeles and of course Sounds Of Vietnam !
.. …and now I invite you to download this “ Crowd Party Walla Sound Effects ” ! Just click on the blue “ Download ” button in the Album !
Human Sounds ! Crowds Convention Center was last modified : by
Related
The actor plays a film star from hell in David Cronenberg 's new movie , in what may be the most incandescent performance of their career . Is it based on their own experiences ?
Julianne Moore comes to Cannes like Cassandra , with their red hair aflame and their grey eyes a-gleaming . They warn us that Hollywood is a cesspool , that nepotism stinks and that the film industry breeds devils . Message delivered , the actor stands outside the premiere , smiling demurely for the cameras as if they had n't a care in the world . Nobody gets out of a Moore meltdown unscathed . Nobody , that is , except the woman herself .
Over the past 20 years I have watched Moore get sick , get well and hang around in mental hell . They have played the angry and the impassioned , the brittle and the wonky , and they have done so with a bracing exactitude that is a marvel to witness . But I 'm not sure I 've ever seen them give quite so crazed and wanton a performance as they do in David Cronenberg 's Maps to the Stars , a luxuriant Los Angeles satire that comes framed , rather pleasingly , in the hysterical manner of an afternoon soap . Moore stars as Havana Segrand , the fading queen of a debauched Hollywood elite , who barks their orders while enthroned on the toilet , flapping one manicured hand to dispel their own stench . Havana is grotesque , gaudy and ruthless ; a nightmarish Norma Desmond for the 21st-century . I 'm tempted to file this one as their most autobiographical role to date .
`` A-ha , that 's so right , '' exclaims Moore , who is always accommodating , at least up to a point . `` You know me so well . But no , '' they add . `` No . At least I hope it 's not me . ''
Maps to the Stars . Julianne Moore and Robert Pattinson star in the latest from David Cronenberg .
Moore , it so happens , began their own screen career on an afternoon soap . In the late 80s they played the role of twin sisters in the NBC show As the World Turns . One sister was nice and the other was wicked and this sense of duality , this split between the wildness of their work and the serenity of their manner , appears to have followed them down the decades .
In public , away from the cameras , the movie virago becomes a solicitous bluestocking . We meet on the roof terrace of a hotel on the Croisette , which they treat as their salon , greeting the guests with gentle handshakes and courteous inquiries before turning briefly to chat with Cronenberg , who is conducting a parallel interview at a table nearby . `` But do n't worry , '' they assure me . `` As soon as we 're talking , I 'm able to tune them out completely . I ca n't hear a word that they say . '' They laugh abruptly . `` That 's great acting advice , right ? Never listen to your director . ''
They are so abidingly polite , they wo n't even deride Havana , a woman who strikes me as an out-and-out monster . `` Oh , I would n't say she 's a monster , although it 's true they do behave monstrously at times . She 's one of these creatures that are very common in our industry , in that all of their self-worth and affirmation is projected from outside as opposed to inside . And the longer you live that kind of lifestyle , the more empty you become , until there comes a point when you just implode . '' They shake their head and smoothes their dress . `` You know , maybe that 's a danger in any profession . But in the movie business it 's heightened because it 's all tied up with your face and how you look and the world 's perception of that . But the only people who can affirm you are your family . They are the ones who are close to you . They 're the only ones who can really see you . ''
Moore in Far from Heaven . Photograph : DAVID LEE/AP
Moore explains that they based the character on an amalgam of Hollywood casualties they have encountered on their travels – although perhaps there is a glimmer of their own early experiences in there too . `` There , you see . So maybe you 're right . I do remember when I was starting acting , going from one set to the next , with not much else going on in my life . And at the end of the day you get back to your hotel room and just feel this awful loneliness , because the cameras have stopped rolling . If you ever want to have an existential moment , that 's the time . You sit there and think , 'Who am I ? ' . ''
They were born at Fort Bragg army base in North Carolina , which might qualify them as some kind of southern belle were it not for the fact that they immediately hopped from Texas to Nebraska , Alaska to New York , eventually landing in Germany at the age of 16 . Them father was a paratrooper who served in Vietnam , picked up a Purple Heart and a Silver Star , and later worked as a military judge . The family tended to go wherever they were deployed . They say they attended about nine different schools . They were always the new girl , always having to adapt to each fresh environment and make their presence felt .
Moore planned on being a doctor but wound up performing instead . Them screen career smoked and guttered and then suddenly caught light . Robert Altman cast them as the adulterous Marian in their 1993 film Short Cuts , famously raging at their husband while naked below the waist . Todd Haynes 's 1995 drama Safe had them playing a jittery housewife , unpicked from within by multiple chemical sensitivity . They have veered towards the mainstream with the Jurassic Park sequel , The Hours and Hannibal and played heartfelt romance in the likes of Far From Heaven , The End of the Affair and The Kids are All Right . But I confess I still like their best when she 's imperious and unstable , like faulty dynamite that could ignite at any second . They were brilliant as the incestuous Bakelite heiress in Savage Grace ; purely galvanic as the broken trophy wife in Paul Thomas Anderson 's majestic Magnolia .
In End of the Affair with Ralph Fiennes .
I wonder if they see acting as a form of therapy , or some stage-managed catharsis . They insist that 's not the case ; it 's more akin to an inquiry . Moore thinks this over . `` My mom worked as a psychiatric social worker . They were interested in people and I guess I am too . So we would talk about the people that we knew , and why they behaved the way they did . That 's what I like about acting . I mean , I 've never played a character who is outside the frame of human experience , however big that frame might be . And thank you for remembering Savage Grace , that 's nice of you . But with that movie , at the time we had people saying : 'How ridiculous . She 's crazy . How could anyone be like that woman ? ' When in fact they actually existed and they were a sociopath . '' They shrug . `` But even ordinary people are n't ordinary , not really . They 're filled up with thoughts and feelings that you might never know are there , until they suddenly materialise . ''
As well as attending the Cannes premiere of Maps to the Stars , Moore is also promoting their role in the final two films in the Hunger Games franchise . Both films have reportedly had to be re-written and re-ordered to compensate for the absence of Philip Seymour Hoffman who died from an overdose midway through production .
Moore in The Hunger Games . Photograph : Lionsgate/Hunger Games
Moore and Hoffman went way back ; they came up together , members of Anderson 's gang . They collaborated on Boogie Nights , The Big Lebowski and Magnolia . Their death was so sudden , so shocking , it 's impossible to process . `` Yes , well , '' murmurs Moore . `` It 's like we were saying . People are mysterious . Anyone can speculate , but it 's only speculation . ''
They put a hand on my arm . `` You know what ? '' they say brightly . `` Let 's not talk about this any more . It was a really horrible thing to happen . It 's been so upsetting for all of us . We 're all still trying to come to terms with it . ''
Moore moves to change the subject . They tell me that they have always been a voracious reader ( Alice Munro is a current favourite ) and that good acting is similar to a good novel or short story , in that it can speak directly to the reader or the viewer 's own personal experience ; let them know they 're not alone . In recent years they have developed a successful sideline writing children 's stories . Freckleface Strawberry is a delightful ( and for once genuinely autobiographical ) yarn about a kid who learns to love the skin she 's in . My Mother is a Foreigner But Not to Me , meanwhile , serves as an implicit salute to their Scottish-born mum . Moore likes the writing , enjoys the discipline . `` But hey , come on , they 're just these little picture books ! '' They chortle at their presumption . `` We 're not talking high art here . ''
Moore has settled in New York , where they live with their husband ( film-maker Bart Freundlich ) and their two children . A few years back , following the death of their mother , they applied for British citizenship and now has dual nationality . `` It was a way of honouring my mom , '' they say . `` My mom came to the US very young , and then they married very young . But they were never American . They were always Scottish and would make sure that I knew that I was too . '' They look away and proceeds to pinch the bridge of their nose . `` Oh , look at me , '' they marvel . `` And now I 'm crying . ''
Them mother was raised in Greenock , on the south bank of the Clyde . Moore used to visit as a child but explains that the Scottish side of the family has now died out ; their maiden aunts exiting one by one and now no one left to take their place . `` But I do feel a connection and I certainly look Scottish . I 've got the red hair and the freckles . ''
They could star in a live-action remake of Pixar 's Brave . `` I know ! '' they exclaim . `` Why have n't they called me ? ''
We gaze out from the roof terrace , at the crowds on the Croisette and the yachts on the sea . I ask them if they like it here , the whole Cannes experience , and they wrinkle their nose , like a small child preparing to say thanks for an unwanted Christmas present . `` It 's OK , '' they allow . `` It 's OK. You have the whole conversation about film , which is a good thing . And then you have the whole event side , which can be a little different . It 's sometimes hard to keep those separate . And I find the public , red-carpet side of things a little bit awkward . Some people are great at it . They know how to perform . But I do find it difficult , it does n't really feel natural . ''
The world is none the wiser . They have been gracious and cordial . They act like they belong . `` Ah , thankyou , '' beams Moore . `` That 's so nice of you to say . '' They rise to their feet , shakes my hand , smoothes down their dress . `` Then I guess my work is done . ''
• David Cronenberg : Hollywood actors are 'desperate to assert their existence '
• Peter Bradshaw on Maps to the Stars
On Saturday , March 25th , the membership of the Illinois Green Party at their statewide Membership Meeting elected Zerlina Smith as party Chair . Ms. Smith will be the first Black woman to lead the Illinois Green Party , and the first Black chairperson of any established political party in the state of Illinois .
`` This is the face of the Green Party right now , '' said Ms. Smith , immediately following their election . `` This is a vibrant , diverse , and growing party , with people from all walks of life and all colors of skin . ''
For Immediate Release
March 27th , 2017
Illinois Green Party
www.ilgp.org
Contact :
Geoffrey Cubbage , secretary @ ilgp.org , 224-999-2423
A longtime resident of Chicago 's Austin neighborhood , Ms. Smith 's extensive activist résumé includes service as a school board member , the founding of neighborhood non-profit Increase the Harvest , and a run for Alderman in the 29th Ward in 2015 . Ms. Smith served as the Illinois State Coordinator for the Stein/Baraka 2016 Presidential campaign .
Longtime Green Party member Julie Samuels of Oak Park also ran for Chair , making it the first time that the position was contested by an all-female ballot . The election was cordial , with both women embracing before and afterwards .
Outgoing Green Party Chair Vito Mastrangelo said following the election , `` This is going to be an exciting year for the Green Party . Our membership is growing , it 's young , and it 's diverse . The country is ready for a people 's party of the Left , and that 's us . ''
Ms. Smith will be available for comment or interview in the week following their election . For information or further materials , contact ILGP Secretary Geoffrey Cubbage , secretary @ ilgp.org , 224-999-2423 .
# # #
Shkreli bought the sole copy of the rap group 's double album 'Once Upon A Time In Shaolin ' in 2015 .
Controversial CEO Martin Shkreli has promised to share their exclusive Wu-Tang Clan album if Donald Trump wins next month 's US presidential election .
Shkreli , a renowned attention-seeker online , bought the sole copy of the group 's double album ‘ Once Upon A Time In Shaolin ' in 2015 .
On Twitter , Shkreli also said that if Trump wins they will leak unreleased Beatles and Nirvana material that they claim to own .
They then claimed to be live-streaming unreleased Beatles material on YouTube .
They also suggested they would “ break ” the sole copy of their Wu-Tang Clan album if Hillary Clinton wins the election .
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
Some of Shkreli 's other publicity stunts have included offering Kanye West $ 15m to become the only person to own their album ‘ The Life Of Pablo ' . They also donated $ 2,700 to former Democrat Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders ' campaign after Sanders called them “ the poster child of greed ” .
Last month the CEO claimed they were auctioning off the chance for one person to punch them in the face .
Shkreli first became wildly unpopular after their firm Turing Pharmaceuticals increased the price of Aids drug Daraprim by 5556 % from £10 to £577 . Known for their extravagant , self-publicising lifestyle , they have frequently been labelled the most unpopular man in America and has called themselves “ The world 's biggest heel ” .
Russia has grounded all flights of its Proton-M rockets for another three and a half months , following a crash last December that destroyed one of the rockets minutes after liftoff .
The uncrewed Progress MS-04 cargo ship carrying supplies for the International Space Station ( ISS ) broke up in the atmosphere over Siberia about six minutes after it left the launchpad , in an incident that investigators blame on faulty engine parts . A report indicates that some important components in the second and third stages of the Proton-M rocket may have been switched out by workers during the construction process . Safety inspections of the other Proton-M rockets are currently underway . Until they are finished , the Proton-M , a staple of the Russian rocket fleet , will remain grounded .
A report published in the Kommersant newspaper reported that the defect that caused the ship to break apart in December could be traced to the Voronezh plant , which builds the Proton-M and Soyuz rocket engines . The chief of the Voronezh plant quit earlier this month .
`` Instead of using materials containing precious metals .... less heat-resistant components were used , which are normally used for other engine models , '' says a report published in the Kommersant newspaper , according to Deutsche Welle .
The replacement parts would have been cheaper in the short term , but cutting corners ultimately proved disastrous for the Progress MS-04 .
`` According to preliminary information , the contingency took place at an altitude of about 190 km over remote and unpopulated mountainous area of the Republic of Tyva , '' a statement from Roscosmos , Russia 's space agency , said at the time of the crash . `` The most cargo spacecraft fragments burned in the dense atmosphere . The State Commission is conducting analysis of the current contingency . The loss of the cargo ship will not affect the normal operations of the ISS and the life of the station crew . ''
The crash destroyed 2.6 tons of food , fuel , and other supplies bound for the ISS .
At the Voronezh plant , workers had evidently been directed to `` switch technology and documentation , '' according Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin .
`` All those responsible for switching document and technology would be harshly punished , '' Mr. Rogozin said . `` Three Proton-M rockets will be dissembled and their second and third-degree engines replaced . ''
The tampering may raise concerns beyond the confines Russia 's space program as well . Currently , Russia is the only country capable of launching astronauts to the ISS , which they achieve using Soyuz rockets that are also manufactured at the Voronezh plant . There is currently no evidence to indicate that their engines were also tampered with in a similar manner to the Proton-M .
This is far from the first time concerns have been raised over Russia 's space program and rocket quality control . The Proton-M seems to be particularly prone to mishaps in recent years , with technical mishaps leading to crashes in 2013 , 2014 , and 2015 . All of these failures involved unmanned rockets .
Despite the recent failures , however , Russia 's space agency has promised to inspect all of its Proton-M rockets to make sure they are really ready for launch in three and a half months .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
`` A necessary check of engines with possible technical defects will be made , '' Roscosmos said in a statement .
This article contains material from the Associated Press .
0 Shares
Self-identified `` atheist rapper '' Charlie Check 'm is relatively new on the scene . I was first introduced to them through a few self-promoting e-mails they sent in February announcing a `` Hot New Atheist Performer '' :
Hi , I 'm informing you about a hot new Atheist rapper who has music that has the potential to cross over to the mainstream media…This is a Good way to turn Atheists views into `` cool '' views . I 'm informing you because if you know of any Atheist friendly radio shows , tv shows , magazines , newsletters , or ect . I would like to be a guess and tell a story and have a few songs played or even perform if it 's a tv show or if it 's magazines or newletters , I would like an article about the music . …I need as much as support I can get from Atheist organizations . The purpose of my music is to promote Atheist views and improve the image of Atheists
I did a quick YouTube search and found the song `` Roll with an Atheist '' —it sounded like interesting stuff , not as skilled as some music out there , but decent nonetheless . I sent a friend request on Facebook to stay on top of news .
That 's all I thought about it , until last week . At some point I saw an update from Charlie on my Facebook wall that said ,
Advantages of being homophobic : Befriending faggots is possibly inviting uninvited come ons . Homophobia scares off dykes and faggots . Some dykes and faggots prey on straight people . Gay friendly straight people are homos main targets . Why invite uninvited come ons ?
Huh , I thought . Maybe I read that wrong .
But a couple of days later , I saw another status update from Charlie : `` new song `` NO GAY MARRIAGE '' '' .
That 's when I decided a little more investigation might prove worthwhile .
Well , I checked out their main website and listened to a few song snippets . Besides the asupervisorstioned song titled `` No Gay Marriage '' ( which begins with the lines `` Something 's wrong with your brain , why wo n't you just admit that something 's wrong with your brain… '' ) , there are songs called `` Christian and a Homo '' and `` Dyke Chick '' . I wo n't go into detail at the moment about my opinion of the viewpoint expressed in these songs . Let 's say for now that I strongly disagree with the message .
But now I was faced with a dilemma . Should I defriend Charlie on Facebook , since I did n't want it to be implied that I support their views in any way , or should I maintain the weak Facebook relationship we have because it 's at least worthwhile to keep tabs on their postings ? I decided to throw the question out publicly to my Facebook friends along with a link to Charlie 's site .
The response was quick and passionate . This one sums up the views pretty well : `` Wow . I would drop-kick this clown off my list so fast… .. ''
One person alerted me to the fact that Charlie Check 'm having already been banned from the social networking site Atheist Nexus , `` [ not ] for their views ( as atrocious as they are ) but rather for the hateful way in which they were expressed and related troll-like behavior . '' ( More on this below . )
That could 've been the end of it , but I had n't yet defriended Charlie on Facebook . And at some point they decided to chime in with a response to the comments :
I 'm bored so I think Ill just fuck with you faggots for a while . Homophobia scares off faggots and dykes which is a good thing . It doesnt matter if I 'm really a homophobe or not . What 's important is that faggots and dykes think I am . I do n't want to worry about a faggot pretending to be my friend when they secretely just wants to suck my dick . I want to make sure my friends are TRUE friends and not horney ass faggots . It 's simply inappropriate…I just do n't have much in common with faggots . Faggots think about sticking their dicks in men shitholes and I think about sexy women . I talk about women a lot and I know faggots would n't be interested in that .
A later comment :
but I can appeal to lots of Christians who are smart enough to know a MALE IS Supposed TO HAVE A MALE 'S BRAIN . So you faggot and dyke atheists are supposed to be smart but you do n't even know that penises and shitholes do n't go together…Now that 's some nasty ass shit . So Pro-faggot Atheists can see that God believers are delusional but they ca n't see a dyke bitch is crazy when a dyke bitch claims to not like men but finds a woman who DRESSES LIKE A MAN , TALKS LIKE A MAN , WALKS LIKE A MAN , EVEN WEARS A FUCKIN STRAPPED ON FAKE DICK TO TRY AND TO BE A MAN . I 'm a strong Atheist and dykes and faggots are crazier than God believers .
I 'll spare you the further comments .
I mentioned that Charlie had been banned from Atheist Nexus already . According to an article on examiner.com , they had also been invited to perform at an Atheist Nexus-sponsored `` Live Dance Party '' at the Atheist Alliance International convention in October , but the invitation to perform was revoked . The article reports Brother Richard of Atheist Nexus saying , `` While they are free to hold whatever views they choose , they can not represent Nexus in any form…While most of their statements were simply ignorant and prejudiced , there were a few that were clearly bigoted and hateful . Even when others tried to show them the error of their ways , they ignored their points and became even more repugnant . ''
That same article says that Charlie responded on MySpace with the following :
I 'm an Atheist rapper/activist . The pro-gay Atheist members at Atheist Nexus know this and they KNOW my music is good for Atheists and they KNOW I fight for Atheist BUT THEY DO N'T CARE . If they do n't care about the fight for Atheists , they do n't care about atheism . They only care about their gay agenda .
Which brings me to the question I asked at the start : Should atheists , and those involved in the `` atheist movement '' ( which overlaps the humanist , skeptic , freethought , etc . movements ) , be concerned if an avowed advocate for atheism expresses such views ? Should atheist organizations withhold support , and individual atheists who disagree turn their backs ?
Another question : If someone does not rely on tradition or religious authority to form ethical views , are there any good reasons ( besides `` I find it yucky '' ) to be so virulently homophobic ?
I will also follow up on these issues in a future post . I have pretty strong opinions on this , but I am also curious to see what the readers of this blog think .
( Disclaimer : These are , of course , my own views ; they do not necessarily represent the views of the Center for Inquiry nor of its affiliated organizations . )
Orlando City will begin making decisions about the future of its roster in coming weeks .
During an interview with the Sentinel at the end of the season , Lions coach Adrian Heath said the team needs to add MLS experience , among other things , as it goes into its second year in MLS .
The question is whether new Orlando City Chief Soccer Officer Armando Carneiro will agree with that vision .
In its expansion season , a lack of MLS background especially impacted the Lions ' depth as injuries , suspensions and call-ups took a toll on the roster . With just four or five spots likely opening up going into 2016 , here are some of the top players Orlando City could pursue within MLS .
Some are dream deals , others might be more realistic , but all fit what Orlando City needs in 2016 .
•Omar Gonzalez , D , L.A. Galaxy : A starting center back is among the Lions ' biggest needs , and with the Galaxy needing to off-load one of its four designated players , Gonzalez could be on the move . The question is can Orlando City afford to trade for Gonzalez . It might mean parting with a productive starter or a boatload of allocation money , and Gonzalez would have to be willing to switch coasts , but it would be an immediate upgrade .
•Dax McCarty , MF , New York Red Bulls : Many people say its unrealistic to think the Red Bulls would be willing to part with McCarty , but they might be forced to think about it . McCarty has expressed a desire to come home eventually , and if Orlando City can work a deal to get the Winter Park native , it 's a no-brainer . McCarty is the league 's next Kyle Beckerman : a top-end , MLS All-Star for the next five to seven years .
•Justin Mapp , F , Montreal Impact : For the first time in league history , MLS will have a form of free agency . One name that will be among the first class is Mapp , who is 31 years old with 14 years of experience . Orlando City could snatch up a versatile player capable of fitting into the midfield and up top . Mapp would provide depth behind Cyle Larin , Kevin Molino , Carlos Rivas and Kaká . At about $ 200,000 , it 's not a bad deal .
•Eric Alexander , MF , Montreal Impact : Another versatile player in Montreal who does n't have the most clear role . Alexander was enjoying a bit of a renaissance with New York in 2014 , but they started just 10 games last season . They are a player who would provide depth and push for a starting job across the entire midfield .
•Chris Pontius , MF , D.C. United : Pontius is in an option year for United but is sitting on a salary of $ 400,000 . United would like to keep him , but they wo n't do it at that salary . Orlando City should n't pay that much either , but if it can guarantee Pontius a better wage than what they would get in United , maybe they could work a trade . It 's a high-risk manuever with Pontius ' injury history , but the rewards could be high , as well .
•Chad Barrett , F , Seattle Sounders : Orlando City is looking for a veteran striker to provide support behind youngsters Larin and Bryan Róchez . If Barrett is let go by Seattle , which must cut salary and has a backlog of strikers , then perhaps Barrett could work in Orlando . The striker had five goals in 715 minutes in 2015 .
Montreal 's Ciman wins award
Montreal Impact defender Laurent Ciman won the MLS Defender of the Year award .
It was a well-deserved honor for the center back , who was as important as Didier Drogba during the Impact 's stellar 2015 season . There have been reports Ciman might return to Belgium to play , and Montreal and MLS need to do everything they can to make sure that does n't happen .
Orlando City snubs
With the regular season over , many journalists are handing out their MLS Best XI awards . Goal.com tried the impossible task of ranking the top 10 players at each position .
Two Orlando City players stood out as snubs : left back Brek Shea and defensive midfielder Darwin Cerén .
Cerén 's impact with the Lions this season ca n't be understated . They were the MVP of the team , and their consistency in the midfield was crucial to Adrian Heath 's 4-2-3-1 system . Meanwhile , Shea was likely left off the list due to injury , but it 's silly to think he 's anything other than a top left back in MLS .
( Another left back snub : the Red Bulls ' Kemar Lawrence . Coincidentally , Lawrence and Shea would likely are the two left backs who would top my list if I was starting a franchise and could have my pick of players at each position in the league . )
Orlando City players to make the list : Cristian Higuita ( No . 6 central midfielder ) and Cyle Larin ( No . 8 striker ) . Other notable Lions left off : Tally Hall and Kaká .
MLS playoffs on hiatus
With World Cup qualifiers beginning this week , MLS smartly took some time off to actually honor the international window .
It gives us a week to digest the opening rounds of play and sets up what should be a thrilling set of conference finals . The Eastern Conference are two of the most fun teams to watch : Columbus Crew and New York Red Bulls . In the West , it 's the Portland Timbers and top-seeded FC Dallas .
DENVER - In the ever-changing -- and often expensive -- world of television , two Colorado companies are now joining the fray for your viewership dollars .
Layer3 TV is banking on quality and quantity of channels while taking a different approach to billing , while Free TVEE is a cord cutter 's dream .
Layer3 : 'The Un-Cable . '
The big cable providers now have a new form of competition in Denver-based Layer3 TV .
`` The idea is to give customers what they 're asking for . No hidden fees , no contracts , '' CEO Jeff Binder said , calling their company the `` un-cable . ''
The company focuses on quality , like all-HD channels and 4k content , as well as quantity , such as unlimited DVR and a massive on-demand video library . They also pride themselves on having one cost for a bundle with no hidden fees .
The service is already available in several major cities along with Longmont , their test-bed before coming to Denver .
`` When you 're sweating this summer , you 'll be able to walk into a store in one of the malls , call up , or go online and get Layer3 here in Denver , '' Binder said .
Professional cord-cutting
If you want out of the cable market altogether but do n't know exactly how to cut the cord , there 's also a solution out there . Startup Free TVEE is the brainchild of Brian Cavanaugh .
`` Take whatever you 're paying now , $ 250 , $ 150 a month , and imagine it being down to $ 20 to $ 60 a month , '' they said .
Free TVEE provides the hardware , installation , and setup for things like a rooftop antenna , Roku , SlingTV , and more .
`` The average customer saves $ 130 every single month , '' they said .
There are some upfront costs with cutting the cord , including buying the equipment , but that investment is paid off in a few months , according to Cavanaugh . The other main issue is video buffering , which may be better or worse depending on your internet speed .
Denver7 caught up with the Nagy family to talk about their paid TV experiences . They had a DirecTV bill of $ 188 per month . They cut the cord ( with help ) and now pay $ 45 per month .
ABU DHABI ( Reuters ) - Saudi Arabia said on Sunday it would not cut output to prop up oil markets even if non-OPEC nations did so , in one of the toughest signals yet that the world 's top petroleum exporter plans to ride out the market 's biggest slump in years .
Saudi Arabia 's Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi talks to journalists before a meeting of OPEC oil ministers at OPEC 's headquarters in Vienna November 27 , 2014 . REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
Referring to countries outside of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi told reporters : “ If they want to cut production they are welcome : We are not going to cut , certainly Saudi Arabia is not going to cut . ”
They added they were “ 100 percent not pleased ” with prices but they would improve , although it was unclear when .
They blamed the fall in prices to half their levels of six months ago on speculators and what they called a lack of cooperation from non-OPEC producers .
Their remarks at a conference in Abu Dhabi marked the second time in three days that the kingdom has signaled that it would not alter output levels , preferring to allow the market to stabilize on its own .
The determined tone of their comments was echoed by some other Arab oil ministers at the conference in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) capital .
UAE Oil Minister Suhail Bin Mohammed al-Mazroui urged all of the world 's producers not to raise their oil output next year , saying this would quickly steady prices . They did not elaborate .
RISING SUPPLY
The world is forecast to need less OPEC oil in 2015 because of a rising supply of U.S. shale oil and other competing sources , with no significant increase in world demand growth .
Kuwaiti Oil Minister Ali al-Omair said OPEC did not need to cut production and would not hold an emergency meeting ahead of its next scheduled talks in June .
“ I do n't think we need to cut . We gave a chance to others ( and ) they were not willing to do so , ” they said , referring to contacts with non-OPEC producers before OPEC 's meeting in November in Vienna .
There , OPEC kept its target output of 30 million barrels per day ( bpd ) unchanged , leaving the market to balance itself without the group 's intervention .
That stance was seen as a shift from a longstanding policy in which OPEC powerhouse Saudi Arabia has acted as a swing supplier .
Asked about possible cooperation between members of OPEC , which include the world 's lowest-cost producers , and non-member countries , Naimi replied : “ The best thing for everybody is to let the most efficient producers produce ” .
CONSPIRACY THEORIES
They also said that OPEC 's decision would ultimately help the world economy . “ Current prices do not encourage investment in any form of energy , but they stimulate global economic growth , leading ultimately to an ‎increase in global demand and a slowdown in the growth of supplies , ” they said .
Iraq 's oil minister , Adel Abdel Mahdi , said they saw no need for an OPEC emergency meeting but “ we have to wait and see ” whether the group was right to keep output unchanged .
Naimi denied politics played a role in the kingdom 's oil policy and said the price fall would not have “ a noticeable and big ” impact on Saudi Arabia or other Arab economies .
The market slide has triggered conspiracy theories , ranging from the Saudis seeking to curb the U.S. oil boom , to Riyadh looking to undermine Iran and Russia for their support of Syria .
Before the Vienna meeting , there were hints that Russia could cut output or exports if OPEC did the same . But the message from Moscow after the meeting was that the world 's second largest oil exporter would maintain its output .
Last week I introduced Sandi Metz 's TRUE heuristic and promised that this week we 'd see in in action * . Let 's jump right in .
Sandi , along with Katrina Owen , is working on a book about OO Design based on the “ 99 Bottles of Beer ” song . If that coding problem is good enough for them , then it 's good enough for me ! Exercism offers it as one of their problems as well , so we already have a working test suite .
Just hacking code together , I ended up with this solution .
class BeerSong def verses ( first_verse , last_verse ) verses = ( last_verse . . first_verse ) . to_a . reverse verses . inject ( `` '' ) { | ret , n | ret += `` # { verse ( n ) }
`` } end def verse ( number ) if number == 2 `` # { number } bottles of beer on the wall , # { number } bottles of beer .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottle of beer on the wall .
`` elsif number == 1 `` # { number } bottle of beer on the wall , # { number } bottle of beer .
`` + `` Take it down and pass it around , no more bottles of beer on the wall .
`` elsif number == 0 `` No more bottles of beer on the wall , no more bottles of beer .
`` + `` Go to the store and buy some more , 99 bottles of beer on the wall .
`` else `` # { number } bottles of beer on the wall , # { number } bottles of beer .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottles of beer on the wall .
`` end end def sing verses ( 99 , 0 ) end end
Now that our tests pass we can ask , “ How TRUE is our code ? ” That will be easier to determine in the context of some new features :
California is clamoring for Beer Song as a Service ( BSaaS ) , but they want it about wine
Because wine is stronger , the full song should start with 20 bottles , not 99
Also , they will bring up more wine from the cellar , not buy it at a store
Transparent
It is easy to see the code 's function and the effect of a change
sing is pretty transparent . verses has a bit of rigmarole to handle Ruby 's ranges only being ascending , not descending . But it 's idiomatic enough that I understand it . The verse method is n't as transparent as I 'd like . It 's if/elsif/else structure uses some magic numbers and also makes it hard to see the differences between the cases . But its function is n't totally opaque .
Is the code we need to change to implement these features transparent to us ? I think so . In a new WineSong class we 'd change all instances of the word “ beer ” to “ wine ” and we need to change the special “ no bottles ” verse to say that they go to the cellar
Then we 'd change sing need to call verses ( 20,0 ) .
But then , oops , we see that the 99 is also in the special “ no bottles ” verse , so we have to change it there . So maybe that change is not as transparent as we thought .
Reasonable
The effort to make a change reflects its complexity
All of these features are very low-complexity changes . Do they all take the same amount of effort ? Not really . The cellar wording requires us to change a couple of words , easy . Going from 99 verses to 20 requires a change to a method and to the wording , so is a little tougher . But changing “ beer ” to “ wine ” requires us to change the code in 12 places . Yes , you can use Find and Replace ( or your tool of choice ) to make that change in one command . But you still end up changing the code in 12 places for a one word change . That seems excessive .
So , for the changes we want to make , our code is not entirely Reasonable .
Usable
The code can be used in other contexts
This one is pretty clear . We have code that works in a Beer context , but it requires multiple changes to work in a Wine context . The only unchanged code is the verses method . The other two methods in BeerSong needed changes to work in the Wine context . This code is not very Usable .
Exemplary
The code serves as an example for future code
Let 's look at our we 'd implement WineSong without changing BeerSong .
class WineSong def verses ( first_verse , last_verse ) verses = ( last_verse . . first_verse ) . to_a . reverse verses . inject ( `` '' ) { | ret , n | ret += `` # { verse ( n ) }
`` } end def verse ( number ) if number == 2 `` # { number } bottles of wine on the wall , # { number } bottles of wine .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottle of wine on the wall .
`` elsif number == 1 `` # { number } bottle of wine on the wall , # { number } bottle of wine .
`` + `` Take it down and pass it around , no more bottles of wine on the wall .
`` elsif number == 0 `` No more bottles of wine on the wall , no more bottles of wine .
`` + `` Go to the cellar and bring up some more , 20 bottles of wine on the wall .
`` else `` # { number } bottles of wine on the wall , # { number } bottles of wine .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottles of wine on the wall .
`` end end def sing verses ( 20 , 0 ) end end
Because of the way BeerSong was structured we had to duplicate 95 % of it in order to implement WineSong . Now imagine we implement TeaSong and MonsterEnergyDrinkSong , etc . This code will be copied each time . That is not exemplary .
My code is kind of transparent , kind of reasonable , not usable and not exemplary . What is the next step ? Like we did with the 4 Rules , let 's just start at the beginning and try to improve our code .
Refactoring Time !
The big problem we had with Transparent was that changing the sing method revealed an unexpected necessary change in the verse method . Let 's fix that .
class BeerSong MAX_BOTTLES = 99 MIN_BOTTLES = 0 # ... def verse ( number ) # ... elsif number == MIN_BOTTLES `` No more bottles of beer on the wall , no more bottles of beer .
`` + `` Go to the store and buy some more , # { MAX_BOTTLES } bottles of beer on the wall .
`` # ... end def sing verses ( MAX_BOTTLES , MIN_BOTTLES ) end end
I do n't tend to use constants , but it works here and solves our Transparency problem . In Refactoring , this approach is closest to “ Replace Magic Number with Symbolic Constant ” ( p. 204 ) .
This change also fixes a problem that cropped up under Transparent and Reasonable – changing the verses from 99 to 20 required a change to both sing and verse . Now if we copy this code into a new WineSong class the number of bottles sung in the last verse will be correct . We 're left with just one Reasonableness problem : changing ‘ beer ' to ‘ wine ' requires 12 code changes . We can follow the same pattern to fix this .
class BeerSong MAX_BOTTLES = 99 MIN_BOTTLES = 0 DRINK = 'beer ' # ... def verse ( number ) # ... elsif number == MIN_BOTTLES `` No more bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall , no more bottles of # { DRINK } .
`` + `` Go to the store and buy some more , # { MAX_BOTTLES } bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall .
`` # ... end def sing verses ( MAX_BOTTLES , MIN_BOTTLES ) end end
And while we 're at it , let 's take the same approach to the cellar/store problem
class BeerSong MAX_BOTTLES = 99 MIN_BOTTLES = 0 DRINK = 'beer ' SUPPLIER = 'store ' REFRESH_VERB = 'buy ' # ... def verse ( number ) # ... elsif number == MIN_BOTTLES `` No more bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall , no more bottles of # { DRINK } .
`` + `` Go to the # { SUPPLIER } and # { REFRESH_VERB } some more , # { MAX_BOTTLES } bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall .
`` # ... end def sing verses ( MAX_BOTTLES , MIN_BOTTLES ) end end
After taking the simplest possible approach to make our code more reasonable , our BeerSong now looks like :
class BeerSong MAX_BOTTLES = 99 MIN_BOTTLES = 0 DRINK = 'beer ' SUPPLIER = 'store ' REFRESH_VERB = 'buy ' def verses ( first_verse , last_verse ) verses = ( last_verse . . first_verse ) . to_a . reverse verses . inject ( `` '' ) { | ret , n | ret += `` # { verse ( n ) }
`` } end def verse ( number ) if number == 2 `` # { number } bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall , # { number } bottles of # { DRINK } .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottle of # { DRINK } on the wall .
`` elsif number == 1 `` # { number } bottle of # { DRINK } on the wall , # { number } bottle of # { DRINK } .
`` + `` Take it down and pass it around , no more bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall .
`` elsif number == MIN_BOTTLES `` No more bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall , no more bottles of # { DRINK } .
`` + `` Go to the # { SUPPLIER } and # { REFRESH_VERB } more , # { MAX_BOTTLES } bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall .
`` else `` # { number } bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall , # { number } bottles of # { DRINK } .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottles of # { DRINK } on the wall .
`` end end def sing verses ( MAX_BOTTLES , MIN_BOTTLES ) end end
We 've worked our way through T and R , but is our code more Usable as a result ? Remember that our usability problem was that we had to clone this entire class in order to make a WineSong . Is that still the case ? Well , maybe we could do this :
class WineSong < BeerSong MAX_BOTTLES = 20 MIN_BOTTLES = 0 DRINK = 'wine ' SUPPLIER = 'cellar ' REFRESH_VERB = 'bring up ' end
We ca n't actually do that , though . Redefining constants is both a bad idea and justifiably trickier . But the fact that we have isolated just these few differences between our Beer and WineSongs shows us that we 're on the right Usability track , we just need to try a better solution .
Before we try another solution , I 'll tell you a little secret : Sandi 's “ Usable ” metric is just a stealthy way of saying “ Open/Closed Principle ” . Code that is “ usable in other contexts ” is code that is “ open to extension ” . I 've covered the Open/Closed Principle before and how to refactor our code so that it follows OCP :
Find the code that makes it hard to implement your new feature Refactor your existing code to remove that difficulty Extend your newly refactored code with the new feature
We 've already done the first step and found the five variables that prevent us from easily implementing WineSong . Let 's move on to the second step . If we have variable that need to change between types , then some Extract Class ( Refactoring , p. 149 ) and inheritance could work .
class DrinkingSong def verses ( first_verse , last_verse ) verses = ( last_verse . . first_verse ) . to_a . reverse verses . inject ( `` '' ) { | ret , n | ret += `` # { verse ( n ) }
`` } end def verse ( number ) if number == 2 `` # { number } bottles of # { drink } on the wall , # { number } bottles of # { drink } .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottle of # { drink } on the wall .
`` elsif number == 1 `` # { number } bottle of # { drink } on the wall , # { number } bottle of # { drink } .
`` + `` Take it down and pass it around , no more bottles of # { drink } on the wall .
`` elsif number == min_bottles `` No more bottles of # { drink } on the wall , no more bottles of # { drink } .
`` + `` Go to the # { supplier } and # { refresh_verb } more , # { max_bottles } bottles of # { drink } on the wall .
`` else `` # { number } bottles of # { drink } on the wall , # { number } bottles of # { drink } .
`` + `` Take one down and pass it around , # { number - 1 } bottles of # { drink } on the wall .
`` end end def sing verses ( max_bottles , min_bottles ) end end class BeerSong < DrinkingSong def max_bottles 99 end def min_bottles 0 end def drink `` beer '' end def supplier `` store '' end def refresh_verb `` buy some '' end end
Or maybe you want something more Factory-like. * . Then you can Replace Inheritance with Delegation ( Refactoring , p. 352 ) .
class DrinkingSong attr_accessor : max_bottles , : min_bottles , : drink , : supplier , : refresh_verb def initialize ( configuration ) self . max_bottles = configuration . max_bottles self . min_bottles = configuration . min_bottles self . drink = configuration . drink self . supplier = configuration . supplier self . refresh_verb = configuration . refresh_verb end # # verse , verses and sing method are here , unchanged from the previous example end class SongFactory def self . build ( configuration ) DrinkingSong . new ( configuration ) end end class BeerSong < SimpleDelegator def initialize __setobj__ ( SongFactory . build ( config ) ) end def config OpenStruct . new ( max_bottles : 99 , min_bottles : 0 , drink : 'beer ' , supplier : 'store ' , refresh_verb : 'buy ' ) end end class WineSong < SimpleDelegator def initialize __setobj__ ( SongFactory . build ( config ) ) end def config OpenStruct . new ( max_bottles : 20 , min_bottles : 0 , drink : 'wine ' , supplier : 'cellar ' , refresh_verb : 'bring up ' ) end end
And now we 've separated the algorithm of the song from its configuration , meaning that the DrinkingSong can be used in any drinking context ( well , anything that comes in bottles ; though that dependency would be easy to extract ) .
We can check U off our list and look at Exemplary . When I reviewed the initial version of this code I said it was Unexemplary because any additional songs required a near-exact copy of the BeerSong class . But , hey , we just solved that problem ! There might be some things we want to tweak with our new solution , but it raises far fewer alarms than our old code . I would be ok with the factory-like solution being used for MonsterEnergyDrinkSong , or whatever other song comes our way .
There 's still one outstanding problem – the if/elsif/else-happy verse method with and its duplication that we noticed earlier . As we saw when we used Open/Closed , code that does n't cause problems does n't get refactored . Nothing compelled me to change this method , so I did n't . There certainly seems to be a lot of duplication in verse , but later features might reveal that this is Incidental Duplication , not duplication of knowledge . Unlikely , but possible . Point is , it does n't matter right now , so let 's quit before we make the code worse .
You do not have to wait to find out what this week 's newsletter will be about , I 'll just tell you ; I 'll be talking about one of the most prevalent code smells in the Ruby-verse – Long Parameter List . You can sign up for the newsletter , check out previous issues or go sledding/surfing ( depending on hemisphere ) . Comments/feedback/ & c . welcome on Twitter , GitHub or ian @ ianwhitney.com
* I also promised slightly-dirty nursery rhymes , which I ended up not writing about .
* This may not be an official factory , I need to spend more time with the Patterns book .
By the end of the 90 's FMV ( full motion video ) had become stale . Dodgy acting and even dodgier costumes and backdrops were shown the door . In its place became a new wave of ‘ cool ' and experimentation in graphical styles in order to tell a story . One such case was Kronos Digital Entertainment 's Fear Effect . The hype for this game was immense . Everything at the time had to be slick and veneered in the way of The Matrix – and Eidos ' new cash cow was no exception .
Fear Effect follows the story of three mercenaries ( Hana , Glas and Deke ) as they attempt to kidnap the daughter of a powerful triad leader . As a 15 year old kid , the game was sold to me on its emphasis of looking like Blade Runner . I had been playing Blade Runner on the PC around the same time so it was a natural progression to move on to the next big thing . The dark , moody cyberpunk visuals looked absolutely sumptuous and I could not hand my cash over quick enough . Luckily – even today , the graphics still hold up pretty well . The backdrops start off nothing short of beautiful . The characters are big and chunky and have a cel shaded coolness about them which was popular at the time . The scene is set , the music is pumping and the controls are absolutely broken . Ah . Did I mention the difficulty yet ?
The game is merciless . Couple the trial and error gameplay ( see Fade To Black ) with controls that would make Resident Evil chuckle and you immediately have issues . Everything becomes so frustrating at times and the game is on 4 discs ! When I bought the game I never cleared the first one . Now that I am older , wiser , fatter than ever before I managed to complete it . If you take out all the insta-deaths that the game forces upon you , making you reload every few minutes you can complete the game in less than 3 hours . “ But is n't it on 4 discs ? ” I hear you cry . It is , but they are only CD 's and the games new ‘ Motion FX Technology ' is very heavy on the graphics . All the backgrounds are recorded graphical FMV on loops so the necessary space needed is far bigger than a standard game .
Each disc is a different chapter in the story . I was really enjoying the dark rooftops , sneaking up on goons and being chased by helicopter fire – the mood and tone of an action spectacular is all there… Then disc 2 happens and all of a sudden you are in a boring remote village shooting zombies ! ? How did Blade Runner turn into a visit to the Yorkshire Dales ? Disc 3 is a brothel ( it ties in with the story honest and is in no way an excuse to have the buxom Hana parade around in a bikini ) and disc 4 you take the fight to the devil incarnate themselves in Hell . Did n't see that coming did you ?
Back to the controls in Fear Effect – one button cycles left ( guns ) and another right ( items ) in the inventory . Sounds simple and easy . Try pulling out a gun when you are being attacked on all sides and your weapons and items are all in the same place . Over shoot the button and it will probably spell your doom . I can see what they were trying to do with it – no item menus keeps the game flowing , but it needs to be intuitive . Accidentally stumbling onto a new screen having the wrong weapon selected will also mean death which happens quite frequently . At least the death sequences are enjoyable and quite graphic so you have something to watch each time you rage . The items can be a nightmare to use – their hit boxes when trying to interact with something have to be super precise – using a key to open a door etc . Some of the boss fights involve using items too so if you have n't already panic-scrolled the inventory , chances are you will miss the spot you need to stand on ! That is if the game registers you 're pressing the button in the first place ! Very clunky , poorly done - like Arsenal winning the FA Cup .
The Sound is a mixed bag . On one hand the weapons sound meaty , the ambience is generally fantastic and the oriental music score is at times a joy . The acting however is occasionally ludicrous . Sometimes too quiet , much of the time badly acted – there is something for everyone to get annoyed at . One of the characters , Deke , has the worst ever British or Australian accent I have ever heard . Subtitles are essential , but the game does n't save when you turn them on forcing you to go into the options on every play through .
The gunplay feels satisfying when the auto aim wants to work and enemy character designs are decent if a little lacking in numbers . The puzzles however are so obtuse they are borderline ridiculous . I do n't mind a bit of grey matter prodding but when you solve a puzzle in Fear Effect you never feel satisfaction for it , just glad that you can play on . Puzzles should be rewarding not a hindrance .
By the time I hit disc 4 , I figured out a complete game breaker . You can make your character roll to dodge attacks – sadly I found that if you hold this button to effectively roll across a screen you are invincible ! Whether it is a triad gang member with a shotgun or an evil spirit with knives for hands rushing in for the kill , stay curled up into a ball and you will be fine . This does n't work on the bosses thankfully but I also managed to break the final one – just stand to the side . That 's it . Cue rubbish ending… Depending on which character you pick before the end boss , you get a different foe to fight which is a great touch but both endings are guff . A shame considering the whole game has slick presentation .
Overall , Fear effect flatters to deceive in its first instance and then plods along at a tepid pace . I was sucked in with the promise of a Blade Runner all those years ago . I went back into it hoping for awesome and it was quite underwhelming . There are brilliant touches at times , but its poor controls and nonsensical story have left a bad taste in my mouth . My disappointment is on par with the game Broken Sword – a fantastic realised world let down by its ridiculous last quarter . There is a sequel called Retro Helix but for me I think I have seen enough . I happily recommend Fear Effect as its execution as a piece of art is staggering . It was a benchmark in technical achievement but it seems Kronos forgot to add a game too .
Fear Effect Gameplay
Link : Find Fear Effect on eBay
Through the first five games of the 2016 NFL season , this Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver caught 19 passes for 421 yards and two touchdowns , averaging about four receptions and about 85 yards per game . Over the course of the last two games , they have caught just one pass for four yards , numbers that are so low that they do n't even justify working out the per-game production .
That player is obviously second-year wide receiver Sammie Coates , who in the midst of their most productive game of their career—the game in which they caught their first two touchdown passes and recorded their first 100-yard game—suffered a hand injury that has virtually rendered them a non-factor over the last two weeks .
In fact , if you include an offensive pass interference call that they drew in the team 's last game , then they have actually been responsible for a net loss of six yards for the Steelers since they had the biggest game of their young career . But Coates and the Steelers are hoping to get back on the right path after the bye week .
As you know , Coates not only suffered a laceration on their hand that required a number of stitches , they also suffered a fractured finger , which subsequently produced swelling . Not only has they been statistically unproductive , they have also seen only a limited number of snaps due to the injuries .
But the former third-round draft pick told ESPN 's Jeremy Fowler that they are “ feeling good ” as the Steelers get back to practice , and that they “ hopes to put the effects of a broken finger behind him ” . That is all well and good to say , but it is n't really all that far removed from the company message through the previous three weeks .
It remains to be seen when they get back on the football field on Sunday against the Ravens just how effective they can be while playing through a hand that will not be at full capacity again this season due to the fractured finger , and that is a pretty important point , given how big a part of the offense they had been during their 4-1 start .
Specifically , Coates caught six passes for over 40 yards over the course of the first five games , but they have also continued to develop as an all-around receiver , even if it has still shown some obvious target areas for improvement .
If they still ca n't be the player that they had through the first five games , then they will have to rely on the return of some injured and benched players to continue to drive their high-powered offense . Eli Rogers was disciplined last week . Markus Wheaton is back after missing two games , while Ladarius Green looks like they will soon be off the PUP List .
One thing , at least , seems obvious , and that is that the Steelers should take Coates off of special teams . It makes little sense to expose a wide receiver with a broken finger to that sort of work when they are already limited in what they can do on offense . They aggravated their injury working as a gunner early in the game against the Patriots .
4063
Нижняя палата американского Конгресса одобрила закон `` О поддержке стабильности и демократии в Украине '' , согласно которому президенту США будет запрещено признавать статус Крыма и снимать санкции , введенные после его присоединения , до восстановления территориальной целостности Украины .
О принятии конгрессменами соответствующего закона в четверг , 22 сентября , заявили в украинском посольстве в Соединенных Штатах , сообщает `` Российский Диалог '' .
Согласно тексту документа , Конгресс будет вправе запретить президенту США снимать санкции с России и признавать Крым частью ее территории , обязав на государственном уровне поддерживать территориальную целостность Украины .
” Закон содержит запрет на признание Соединенными Штатами аннексии Российской Федерацией Крыма . Предполагается , что соответствующие санкции будут оставаться в силе пока президент США не предоставит Конгрессу свидетельства о восстановлении суверенитета Украины над полуостровом ” , - сказано в сообщении .
Также представители нижней палаты американского Конгресса поддержали предоставление Украине летального оружия , которое президент страны Петр Порошенко вновь намерен выпрашивать во время следующего визита в Соединенные Штаты .
Напомним , впервые закон `` О поддержке стабильности и демократии в Украине '' был представлен в Конгрессе еще в апреле этого года . Его поддержали более сорока конгрессменов как от `` республиканцев '' , так и `` демократов '' .
Three years after the Girl Guides of Canada said it would start looking at how to best welcome transgendered children , the organization has unveiled a new , all-inclusive policy .
“ All persons who live their lives as female are welcome to join the organization , ” said the Girl Guides . “ GGC recognizes and values the richness of human diversity in its many forms , and therefore strives to ensure environments where girls and women from all walks of life , identities , and lived experiences feel a sense of belonging and can participate fully . ”
Before this , transgender girls who wanted to join were individually evaluated , “ seeking expert advice and consultation on how best to support these children and their families , ” according to the group 's statement in 2012 .
The guidelines now point to counselors called Unit Guiders , who will work with transgender members and their parents , as well as a designated “ inclusivity specialist . ”
They also list questions and answers directing members on how to be sensitive toward transgender girls . For example , “ it is not the role of a Guider to judge who is and who is not a boy or girl , ” the organization states .
In response to the question , “ What should I do with the information that a girl is transgender ? ” the Girl Guides instruct their members to treat their status as confidential , “ unless otherwise directed by the girl . ”
The pamphlet , which offers advice on seemingly everything from which kind of bathroom to provide to whether or not to call the transgender member “ her , ” sheds some light on the level of understanding many are seeking . The questions are important , if a little awkward .
The Girl Guides ' statement comes just months after a Washington state council of the Girl Scouts of the United States returned a $ 100,000 donation that sought to exclude transgender girls , revealing the amount of controversy that surrounds membership in these programs .
“ Every girl that is a Girl Scout is a Girl Scout because their parent or guardian brings them to us and says , ‘ I want my child to participate , ' ” Megan Ferland , CEO of the Girl Scouts of Western Washington , said to Seattle Metropolitan . “ And I do n't question whether or not they 're a girl . ”
Youth groups are n't the only ones trying to figure things out . In a move to raise awareness about LGBT issues , the White House in April opened its first gender-neutral bathroom , reported The Christian Science Monitor .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
And this fall , an Illinois school district sprung to national attention for denying a transgender student full access to the girls ' locker room , sparking accusations of gender discrimination .
While district officials said they had offered the student a private locker room last year in efforts to respect the “ privacy ” of all their students , the girl 's family – and federal civil rights officials – said it amounted to stigmatizing the student .
Polyglots of the world rejoice : Google developer François Beaufort has revealed that the company has added support for simultaneous multilingual spellcheck in its latest experimental Chrome Canary build .
So , next time you 're sending a message , email or blog post out into cyberspace in more than one language , the browser 's built-in spellcheck will flag mistakes across everything you 've typed .
Credit : Google Simultaneous multilingual spellcheck in action on Chrome Canary
To turn it on , launch Chrome Canary , point it to chrome : //flags/ # enable-multilingual-spellchecker and enable the option there . Next , visit chrome : //settings/languages and check ‘ Use this language for spell checking ' for every language you want to use this feature with .
Engadget notes that the new feature is now available on Chrome Canary for Windows , Linux and ChromeOS , and may not make it to OS X — on Mac , the browser uses the OS ' language settings for spellchecking .
➤ François Beaufort [ Google+ via Engadget ]
Read next : Pac-Man 256 has just one insane , endless map
Story highlights New cruise ship regulations are possible
Concordia captain may face charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship
U.S. citizens who are traveling internationally should register with the U.S. State Department
Passengers are advised to pay close attention to safety drills
The captain is still in charge .
No matter how technologically advanced a cruise ship may be or how modern its safety procedures or how strict the web of international regulations , passenger safety still depends on the captain 's ability to make good decisions .
It 's not clear what difference more stringent regulations would have played in the decisions of Captain Francesco Schettino , who allegedly deviated from a set route , abandoned ship after the disaster with passengers still aboard and did not return to the ship to lead rescue efforts when ordered by local port officials , according to transcripts between authorities and the captain .
In light of the Concordia disaster , the new head of the International Maritime Organization -- the United Nations agency responsible for shipping safety , security and prevention of marine pollution -- has promised to look into the regulation of large passenger ships .
`` We should seriously consider the lessons to be learnt and , if necessary , re-examine the regulations on the safety of large passenger ships in the light of the findings of the casualty investigation , '' IMO Secretary-General Koji Sekimizu said in a statement released Monday . `` In the centenary year of the Titanic , we have once again been reminded of the risks involved in maritime activities . ''
Passengers first , then crew , then captain
Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – The Costa Concordia struck rocks on January 13 and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio . Hide Caption 1 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – A bench from the cruise liner is seen on the shore on January 20 , a week after the ship ran aground . More than 30 people from eight countries -- both crew and passengers -- died . Hide Caption 2 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Divers continue the search for the remaining missing people in January . Hide Caption 3 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Italian police escort the captain of the Costa Concordia cruise liner , Francesco Schettino , on January 14 . Prosecutors accused the captain of piloting the ship too fast to allow them to react to dangers , causing the shipwreck , according to legal papers . Hide Caption 4 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Firemen search for missing people in and around the partially submerged Costa Concordia cruise ship on January 16 . Hide Caption 5 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Firemen work on the Costa Concordia cruise ship on January 16 . The captain may have made `` significant '' errors that led to wreck , the cruise line said . Hide Caption 6 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Military rescuers patrol next to the listing Costa Concordia on January 15 . A spiraling water slide can be seen on the deck . Hide Caption 7 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Boats patrol near the Costa Concordiay as divers continue the search for missing people days after the accident . Hide Caption 8 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Rescuers search the Costa Concordia on January 15 . Hide Caption 9 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Emergency services work from the island of Giglio , near where the cruise ship Costa Concordia ran aground . Hide Caption 10 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – The ship had a breach on the hull about 90 meters ( 300 feet ) long , according to Officer Emilio Del Santo of the Coastal Authorities of Livorno . Hide Caption 11 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – On January 14 , crowds prepare to leave the island of Giglio , where passengers were staying after the ship ran aground . Hide Caption 12 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – The Concordia , built in 2006 , was on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome with stops in Savona , Cagliari and Palermo , Italy ; Barcelona and Palma de Mallorca , Spain ; and Marseille , France . Hide Caption 13 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Passengers arrive at Porto Santo Stefano , Italy , after being evacuated from the ship . Hide Caption 14 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – The Costa Concordia was sailing a few hundred meters off the rocky Tuscan coastline of the island of Giglio . Hide Caption 15 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Italian police assist in the rescue after the cruise ship ran aground near the island . Hide Caption 16 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – The huge ship , nearly the length of three football fields , was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members when it rammed into a bed of rocks around 9:45 p.m . Hide Caption 17 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Passengers arrive on land after they were rescued . There was chaos as passengers scrambled to get off the ship . Hide Caption 18 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – Evacuation efforts started promptly but were made `` extremely difficult '' by the position of the listing ship . Hide Caption 19 of 20 Photos : Photos : The Costa Concordia disaster The Costa Concordia disaster – The Costa Concordia cruise ship is pictured in March 2009 in Civitavecchia , Rome 's tourist port . Hide Caption 20 of 20
JUST WATCHED The life of a cruise ship captain Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The life of a cruise ship captain 02:30
JUST WATCHED Italian Navy assists in search of ship Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Italian Navy assists in search of ship 01:48
JUST WATCHED Course deviation doomed cruise ship Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Course deviation doomed cruise ship 01:10
JUST WATCHED Stunning photo of cruise ship from space Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Stunning photo of cruise ship from space 00:49
In addition to the United Nations agency , a ship is subject to the laws of the country whose flag it flies , often called `` flag administration . '' The ship may also be subject to the laws of a country where it stops . ( The Concordia did n't stop in U.S. ports carrying U.S. passengers , which means it was n't subject to U.S. Coast Guard regulations , according to Brad Schoenwald , senior marine inspector of the U.S. Coast Guard 's Cruise Ship National Center of Expertise . )
In the Concordia case , the laws of Italy also apply . Schettino may face charges including manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , chief prosecutor Francesco Verusio said . Abandoning ship is a maritime crime that has been on the books for centuries in Spain , Greece and Italy , according to Alessandra Batassa , a lawyer in Rome , although many other countries have long abandoned it .
Although U.S. law does n't single out abandoning ship as a crime , it 's a longtime maritime tradition that the captain be the last one off a sinking ship , according to maritime law professor Craig Allen , visiting professor of law at Yale University Law School and the U.S. Coast Guard Academy .
`` If you 're going to be master of a ship , your responsibility is first to your passengers , second to your crew , then you look after yourself , '' said Allen , a Coast Guard veteran . `` It 's shameless and dishonorable [ for the captain ] to take themselves out of the mix like that . ''
Current international regulation
Under current international regulations , each cruise company must have a safety plan , called a safety management system , that details responsibilities in the event of an emergency , Schoenwald said .
In the event of a fire on board , the captain would sound the general emergency alarm -- seven short blasts followed by one longer blast -- to direct crew members to fight the fire and direct passengers to their specified `` muster '' stations , where passengers are directed during safety drills to gather in event of emergency .
If the incident is contained , passengers might be allowed to resume their normal activities or be kept away from the damaged part of the ship until a return to port , or they might be required to abandon ship .
`` The call to abandon is made by the captain , '' Schoenwald said . `` When the abandon ship signal is made , they have 30 minutes to get everyone off the ship , even though the general emergency could have started a day or hour before . ''
It 's not clear to Miami maritime attorney Brett Rivkind why the captain did n't issue a mayday signal to call for outside help soon after the accident . `` [ A captain needs ] to know your ship and what danger your ship is in , '' they said . `` Tilting and listing is a pretty good sign '' of distress .
Passengers can be prepared
While passengers have little or no control over the abilities of their captain or crew , disasters like the Concordia are rare . Still , passengers can take steps to ensure a safe trip much of the time .
AAA Travel recommends that U.S. citizens who are traveling internationally register with the U.S. Department of State 's free Smart Traveler Enrollment program ( STEP ) at https : //travelregistration.state.gov or directly at U.S. embassies or U.S. consulates , AAA spokesperson Cynthia Brough said . This will help the State Department better help them during an emergency .
Before you board , make a copy of your passport and have a bag with necessities like hard-to-replace medication , said Kimberly Wilson Wetty , head of the Valerie Wilson Travel 's cruise department . As soon as you board your ship and arrive at your room , find your life vest and participate in the mandatory safety drill , called a muster drill .
`` If you 've been on a number of cruises , you do n't pay as close attention [ to the muster drill ] as you probably should , '' said John Deiner , managing editor of CruiseCritic.com . Though attendance is mandatory , they said , there are often a few people who skip the drill .
Find out where you 'll get a life jacket if an emergency keeps you from returning to your room for yours . During the cruise , place your purse and necessities in the same place in your room every time you enter .
Whatever went wrong to cause or exacerbate the Concordia cruise ship disaster , most of the Concordia crew and passengers safely made it off the ship . And though the images of the disaster may turn off many people to cruising , experts say it 's still one of the safest transportation methods available .
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Daniel Sturridge has eased fears over their injury scare against Bayern Munich , claiming he 's feeling better than they have in a while .
The Liverpool striker was substituted following a sublime third goal in the Reds ' 3-0 win over the Bundesliga champions , hurting their thigh in the process of scoring .
The 27-year-old has looked sharp throughout pre-season , with team-mate Adam Lallana hailing them as a 'new signing ' following an injury-free summer .
Though their manager , Jurgen Klopp , was tentative in prognosis following the victory in the Allianz Arena , Sturridge insists they will be fine .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ It just a little bit of tension kicking off , ” the striker explained . “ I 've done a lot of running and a lot of work . We train on the morning of the games . I think it 's just a bit of fatigue to be honest . I 'll be okay .
“ I 'm feeling great , I 've put in a lot of work , I trained a lot in the summer in LA . I have n't missed many sessions here , they 're looking after me , we have done triple sessions and things like that .
“ I 've trained nearly every session . I 'm feeling the best I 've felt for a little while and I 'm looking forward to the season and hopefully we can have some success . ”
Sturridge notched their first goal of this pre-season to put the gloss on a magnificent win in the Audi Cup , collecting Ben Woodburn 's through ball and lofting it over Sven Ulreich .
Liverpool now face Atletico Madrid on Wednesday in the final and will hope to continue their good form ahead of their Premier League opener against Watford on August 12 .
Sturridge , however , is refusing to get carried away .
“ It is brilliant to play in this team – we 're always threatening and running at opponents , ” they said . “ We work hard tactically , as well as pressing . We attack together and defend together to it 's been great .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ I do n't want to get too excited . It 's not the first game Bayern Munich have lost , they lost to Inter Milan as well . A lot of teams have been losing in pre-season , we are just fortunate we have n't . ”
On their goal , they added : “ The first time I was running they did n't come out . I watched when Mo ( Salah ) ran through and the keeper went down really early .
“ Before I came on I was thinking if I 'm through and in control I 'm going to try and chip them because I saw they go down quickly .
“ He did n't actually go down , they went against my plan but it worked anyway . ”
Over time , you come to realise that football , for all its charms and addictive qualities , is an inherently angry place . It 's unshakeable , there will always be eruptions of temper and no matter how much our grounds have been sanitised in recent years the sport is still essentially the same as when Arthur Hopcraft wrote in 1968 how football crowds are “ never going to sound or look like the hat parade on the club lawns of Cheltenham racecourse ” .
My mind goes back to Martin O'Neill 's early days at Leicester City , barely a few weeks into the job , and the unpleasantness of a 2-0 home defeat to Sheffield United when the crowd at Filbert Street made it clear that they did not want them at their club . O'Neill went on to become the most acclaimed manager in Leicester 's history – prior to this season anyway – but that night was toxic , culminating with an attempt to kick down the front doors of the stadium . “ I was standing beside Martin in the technical area , ” John Robertson , their assistant , recalls . “ I remember Martin taking a deep breath and saying to me : ‘ It 's wild , is n't it ? ' ”
It was wild , too , at Old Trafford in September 2005 when Sir Alex Ferguson , with enough trophies to fill a removal van , experienced a form of mutiny from Manchester United 's supporters that , looking back , can feel like a trick of the mind . Ferguson 's team had lost the league to Chelsea the previous year , the vein on the side of Roy Keane 's temple had started to throb out of control and many match-goers were losing trust in the manager in a way that had not happened since the days of “ Ta-ra Fergie ” and all that .
Why Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale is more settled in Spain than ever | Sid Lowe Read more
A jarring defeat to Blackburn Rovers had left their team 10 points off the top and , for some , it was too much to bear . “ The hostility hit them like a mallet , ” I wrote at the time . “ There are V-signs , middle fingers raised and faces contorted with anger . There is nothing to prepare you for seeing and hearing Sir Alex Ferguson being jeered and abused by Manchester United 's supporters . ”
It felt that way the first time I saw it happen to Arsène Wenger , too , and even now , having witnessed it on more occasions than I can probably remember , it can still be shocking to see , close up , when a crowd turns on a manager that way .
The press box at Arsenal is about 30 yards or so behind Wenger 's dugout , at the back of the lower tier , so there is a perfect view of what they frequently have to endure from supporters in that area of the ground and it is certainly an eye‑opener if , like me , you once suspected it would be unthinkable for a man of their achievement to be treated with this kind of malevolence .
It 's spiteful , vicious stuff and , though the temperature dropped against West Brom on Thursday , the vast expanses of empty seats and the photo-opportunity placard-waving were another reminder how Arsenal 's manager has been swept into dangerous currents . Every match their team do not win now feels like a crisis . Every game brings new danger . The hostility is never far away .
Sam Allardyce will know about those explosions of pent-up anger from their time at West Ham . Alan Pardew and Steve McClaren have experienced it at Newcastle United and , going a little further back , there is an infamous story at Burnley about Jimmy Mullen , with two promotions behind him , being relegated in their fourth year and some of the locals trying to set fire to their wife 's dress in a chip shop .
Yet I am struggling to think of another manager with Wenger 's managerial record , featuring two Doubles , with six FA Cups in all and three league titles , who has been subjected to the same froths of vitriol and – whatever you might think about their decline , the arguments against them staying on and the inescapable feeling that their modern work damages their reputation as one of the greats of their profession – it still feels extraordinarily shabby that people are hell-bent on chasing after them this way , pitchforks in hand .
This is why I fear for Wenger when they say so matter-of-factly that they will be staying on next season and it also partly explains why I find it perplexing that the people above them at Arsenal have not spent more time in the last year or so exploring whether Pep Guardiola might fancy London , rather than Manchester , as their next place of residence and , if not , whether they could be persuaded to change their mind .
The bottom line , unfortunately for Wenger , is that if Arsenal are 10 points adrift in a season when Manchester City , Chelsea and Manchester United have all , at one time or another , been inconceivably poor , it is difficult in the extreme to imagine that it will be any less traumatic when Guardiola , and possibly José Mourinho , are involved , not to mention Antonio Conte , Jürgen Klopp and the small matter of Mauricio Pochettino turning Spurs into the best team in London for the first time since 1995 .
The Spurs factor is considerable and , though some of the abuse Wenger has encountered has been lamentable , that does not mean the people dishing it out are wrong to be filled with exasperation . Their blind spots – in particular , the sudden apparent disregard for players with experience , competitive courage and , above all , physical and mental fortitude – have been a concern for far too long if we remember the times when Allardyce used to say their Bolton Wanderers players , hardly a bunch of snowdrops themselves , felt physically inferior lining up against them in the tunnel .
Gary Neville has certainly been vindicated regarding their prediction last August that Arsenal had zero chance of winning the league if Wenger insisted on packing midfield with smallish , creative players where they once fielded such figures as Patrick Vieira and Emmanuel Petit . “ For 10 years it 's been a continual string of errors , ” Neville said . “ I can not get my head around why they would not sign players of power to assist those talented players to enable them to win the league . It 's the one black mark I have against Arsène Wenger in the last 10 years , of why they have n't identified the issue with these types of players in central midfield , because they can not win the league with these types of players . It can not happen . ”
Neville questioned whether Wenger was “ naive or arrogant ” and the problem when words like that are applied is that , in black and white , it takes the appearance of a personal attack . But they were right in any case . There is a measure of arrogance about Wenger 's belief that the combined football expertise of their critics barely reaches the molehills when it comes to their own mountains of knowledge . Wenger can be guilty of extreme forms of stubbornness . They will not change for anyone and that , more than anything , is why it is difficult to see anything but more of the same in the final year of their contract .
Anthony Martial should be left alone to provide relentless stream of menace | Barney Ronay Read more
All of which brings us to a position where the footage is still online of Arsenal 's fans abusing them at Stoke‑on‑Trent railway station last season and we are left to wonder how many incidents of that nature have occurred without someone recording it for posterity .
O'Neill won promotion with Leicester and took them to three Wembley finals , winning two , as well as four successive top-10 finishes and so much personal vindication that they were known to ring some of the supporters who had bombarded them with aggressively worded letters early in their tenure . Ferguson won another five league titles after 2005 , reached three Champions League finals , won two League Cups and now has a stand named after them and a statue outside .
With Wenger , there might not be a happy ending . “ I respect always my contract , ” they say , to the question of whether they might choose to go early . In which case , they might have to forgive us for wondering where it all ends and how unpleasant it might become if , 12 years since their last league title , it still does n't click . He , rather than their team , has become the story , and that is almost always a bad thing when the industry is so angry and so hard-faced .
PFA right about Agüero this time
That is certainly a remarkable sequence about Sergio Agüero having never being voted into the Professional Footballers ' Association 's team of the year and the Manchester City striker must wonder sometimes what more they have to do , given the frequency of their goals over the last five seasons .
This season , however , it is difficult to take too much umbrage if we go by the basis that most players will vote for two centre-forwards and those positions are taken by Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy because of the impact their goals have had for Tottenham Hotspur and Leicester City in the title race .
After Saturday Agüero has scored one more league goal than Vardy , 22 , one behind Kane , but the Argentinian 's sympathisers point out that their goal-per-minute ratio is the best of the three players . Yet this also highlights that they have missed a chunk of the season through injury , whereas Kane and Vardy have been menacing defences from the start to the finish .
A closer look at Agüero 's scoring record also reveals a similar pattern to that of City as a whole – namely that they have been outstanding against the lesser teams but nothing like as impressive in the bigger matches . Agüero managed five in one game against Newcastle United but has scored only four times against top-eight sides : in the 4-1 home defeat to Liverpool , the 3-1 Etihad loss against Leicester and both goals in a 2-2 draw at West Ham .
Vardy has scored nine times against top‑eight opponents and Kane has managed eight , including home and away against Arsenal and Manchester City . Agüero might be unfortunate to miss the cut but the reality is it would have made much less sense to omit one of the two strikers whose impact has been greater on the title race .
Sturridge : the ego has blundered
Daniel Sturridge , showing the self‑awareness for which they have become renowned , is still arguing that they should be credited with Liverpool 's fourth goal against Everton because the ball brushed off their shirt after Philippe Coutinho had let fly from 20 yards .
Sturridge made the point to Coutinho immediately after the ball found the bottom corner and wheeled away for a one-man goal celebration , even though most other people saw it as a time to congratulate the Brazilian rather than himself .
“ He would claim it is theirs but it touched me so it is my goal , ” Sturridge later declared . “ If it touches you , you claim it wherever it touches you – eyelash , wherever . So my goal . I know there are some guys out there hungry for goals but I 'm not that hungry . There have been some dubious decisions but that is not dubious , it is clear for everyone to see . ”
Not hungry ? They sound positively ravenous . A streak of selfishness is not necessarily a bad thing for a striker but Sturridge is straying dangerously close to being referred to the Dubious Team-Mates ' Panel .
China is poised to outstrip the US as the world 's largest retail market by 2018 , with online purchases quickly replacing conventional shopping , according to PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) .
China 's retail market is expected to be worth $ 10.3 trillion by 2018 , compared to the $ 5 trillion in sales projected for North America . The PwC report looks at the retail market in 2015 and beyond .
At the same time , retail market growth in China is increasingly shifting away from brick-and-mortar stores towards online with customers actively using mobile devices for purchasing , according to the company 's outlook for the Retail and Consumer Products Sector in Asia . China is already making more online purchases and payments using mobile phones than the US .
In 2014 retail sales in China grew 8.8 percent year on year , with online discount retailing experiencing triple digit annual growth since 2008 .
Two years ago in 2013 China overtook the US as the world 's largest e-commerce market , when online sales reached $ 306 billion compared to the $ 263 billion in the US . Mobile payments in the country accounted for 8 percent of total online transactions in 2013 , up from just 1.5 percent in 2011 . That figure could rise to anywhere between 20-30 percent in 2016 , PwC says . Management consultancy McKinsey expects Chinese e-commerce sales to reach $ 650 billion by 2020 .
Retail data indicates that shortly after consumers gained access to mobile technology , they started experimenting with shopping , according to PwC . The mobile phone is rapidly becoming a crucial buying tool as shoppers demand more personalization .
“ Everyone knows that consumers are increasingly using mobile phones in store , ” says Stylinity CEO Tadd Spering .
Following a massive adoption of smartphones from China 's leading providers Apple and Xiaomi over the last year , the country is now the world 's largest market for mobile companies . Apple has recently announced that its Chinese sales have overtaken those in the US .
“ I think most important for e-commerce is that customers do an e-commerce transaction once , ” John Lo , CFO of Tencent , a leading provider of comprehensive internet services in China , told PWC . “ Once they have registered and once they paid , they trust in e-commerce and will use it more often , ” they added .
Photo by Vignesh Moorthy
More actionable takes on ‘ Make things people want '
Wesley Walser Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 7 , 2017
In Be Good , Paul Graham talks about the unofficial Y Combinator motto :
“ Make something people want ”
This saying makes perfect sense , right ? Of course , if you want to make something that people will pay for , you better make something that people want . It seems so obvious . How would you build a business on top of anything other than something that people want ?
After starting and running Ask Inline over the past year , I 've come to a different conclusion about the phrase “ make something people want ” . It has more meaning now than ever , but most of the value is in the fact that it 's incomplete . There 's more to the saying .
Why did YC leave their motto incomplete ? Most likely because , at least to me , there are a half-dozen different ways to complete the motto .
Here are a few of the variations of “ make something people want ” that I 've stumbled over .
Make something people know that they want
If you 've ever started a company or a side project aimed at making money on the internet this is probably the variation of the phrase “ make something people want ” that you 'll bump your head on as you attempt to get distribution for what you 're building .
Why is “ make something people know that they want ” so obvious ?
Because on the internet , getting distribution for something people know that they want is much easier than the alternative .
The internet is driven by search and people search for things that they want . Search is such a significant driver of online activity that if you build something that people are n't searching for , you 've got a much trickier problem . Suddenly you 've got to go out and find people and teach them that they should want what you 've got . Reaching out and educating people one at a time is n't just a little harder and more expensive , companies that are sales driven end up charging orders of magnitude more than companies that are search driven .
If people are n't searching for what you 're selling , you 'll struggle mightily to get distribution .
Make something small that people want
At the end of the day , YC is three months and some money . After that three months is up teams pitch to investors in the hopes of receiving additional funding . How much can you get done in three months ?
More than you think .
Can you build the solution to the QA needs of enterprise companies ?
No .
So what are you to do as a company like RainforesQA who is aiming to be the QA arm of any software team ? You 've got a big ass problem and only three months to solve it in .
Build something small that people want .
Hopefully that small thing is representative of the larger goal . Hopefully you 've executed on the small solution so well that investors are willing to bet large sums of money on your ability to also execute on the larger goal .
This is n't just good advice for teams joining an accelerator . You may not have investors whose money was given based on a timeline , but you are forgoing a salary . If you 're trying to self-fund or bootstrap a company , starting small helps to prove an idea . Start with a minimal
Make something passionate people want
Passionate people build communities .
Find a community , preferably one that you 're already a member of , and address a common pain point felt by that community . Communities offer a natural pool of people to interview about product ideas , sell to and hone marketing materials for .
While communities may discourage people from advertising or selling directly to the community , every sufficiently large community has products build on top of them eventually . Reddit spawned imgur , gyfcat and a half dozen smaller products . Indie Hackers , a community itself , got all of its early traffic from by creating content that Hacker News ate up . Flip , a marketplace for sneaker heads , was created after the founders recognized that the community around collecting and reselling sneakers was big enough to support a whole brand rather than existing as a tiny niche of Craigslist and eBay .
If the product is good , passionate people are exactly the kind that you want to attract . Why not just build for them to begin with ?
Make something that a growing number of people want
Building into static or shrinking marketing is a non-starter unless you can use technology to upend some part of that market to create significant cost savings . Even then it 's hard . People pay for solutions to problems , not just cost savings .
Aim to build into a market that 's growing .
Building into a growing market means that an outside force , the growth of said market , is working in your favor . While you 're toiling away attempting to grow the number of people who know about you , the number of people who would benefit from knowing about you is also growing .
Build something people want
All of the above are more specific versions of the core saying . They are , to me , critical insights that I did n't understand prior to starting and running something myself .
I hope they 're useful to a few others .
Thunder , lightning and a torrential downpour forced Jets OTA practice No . 9 from the outdoor practice fields at the Atlantic Health Training Facility , to inside the comfort of their indoor bubble .
Maybe the sudden change threw the Jets off , because absent a few highlights , it was n't the prettiest of days for the offense or defense .
So , who looked good ? Who looked bad ? Who stood out ? Here are some observations and highlights from the final OTA open to the media :
Jordan Jenkins working exclusively with Jets first-team defense .
You figured it was only a matter of time before Jenkins took over for Trevor Reilly outside Lorenzo Mauldin as the Jets starting outside linebacker . It appears as if the timetable for that situation transpiring was about two weeks .
On Wednesday , Jenkins got every rep with the first-team defense — outside of a few plays they were substituted out for Freddie Bishop ( more on that in the coming days ) . Reilly seemed to be relegated to the second unit .
Jenkins had a solid workout , too . They were regularly in on run plays , and got a couple of pressures on the quarterback . They had a would-be sack on quarterback Geno Smith where they came screaming off the edge , and a second where they nearly had a forced fumble , but Leonard Williams got there first .
It was an excellent workout for the rookie .
Bryce Petty has solid practice , looks to be improving
There have been nine OTA practices to this point , three of which have been open to the media . This latest installment was Petty 's best thus far .
The second-year pro looked a bit more calm in the shotgun and under center , made several nice throws and avoided any costly turnovers . On one play , Petty put the ball perfectly in the hands of wideout Jalin Marshall in the corner of the endzone on a flag route , but Marshall dropped it . A play or two later , Petty hit Brandon Marshall for a touchdown on an in .
But Petty 's best pass of the day came on a 15-yard completion to Wes Saxton . The quarterback dropped the ball in the perfect spot between three defenders in right before Saxton ran out of bounds .
The practice certainly was n't flawless for the Baylor product , but it was an improvement from the first two media-open sessions .
Christian Hackenberg accuracy still a concern
Jets Wire will have a ton on this in a sperate post , but addressing it quickly , Hackenberg 's accuracy still seems to be a bit of an issue , which is understandable . It 's clear from watching the Jets second-round pick their fundamentals are flawed . Their feet are off , sometimes they forget to set them , and the result is inaccurate throws on easy passes .
The easiest way to describe Hackenberg ? He 's a work in progress . They have the talent , but he 's not ready yet .
Jalin Marshall , Charone Peake works in progress
It 's obvious why the Jets like undrafted free-agent wideout Jalin Marshall . He 's pretty polished as a route runner , fast and has good hands . The biggest issue with them just seems to be concentration .
Marshall dropped two should-be , would-be touchdown passes Wednesday . Both balls them in right in the hands , both then bounced right now . If they can focus a bit more , they have the skills to play in the NFL . That 's evident . CC : This highlight .
Peake , on the other hand , looks to be a bit more rough around the edges . They do n't have the quickest feet , and their routes are n't as crisp as some others at their position . It 'll be interesting to see how they progress throughout camp .
Dee Milliner continues to look very , very good
No one is benefiting more from Darrelle Revis ‘ absence than Dee Milliner .
Starting in place of the veteran cornerback while they recover from a wrist injury , Milliner continues to make plays each practice — or at least those open to the media .
On Wednesday , two plays specifically stood out . On one of the first plays of team drills , Milliner made a diving interception of a Geno Smith pass , got up , then returned it for a touchdown . Later in red zone drills , they went up on a goal-line fade to Brandon Marshall and batted the ball away .
This is now the third-straight practice ( open to the media ) that Milliner has looked really , really good . He 's building quite the momentum for training camp .
PRACTICE HIGHLIGHTS
* * *
Connor Hughes covers the Jets and is the managing editor of Jets Wire . They can be reached on Twitter ( @ Connor_J_Hughes ) , or via email ( chughes @ usatoday.com )
More Jets OTAs ! Rontez Miles to PUP list , Courtney Upshaw on NFI Jets DC Kacy Rodgers finally gets to see their son play every day Determining the Jets ' Week 1 starters : Predictions following minicamp
LONG HILL — Authorities have positively identified the body found in the Passaic River Thursday as David Bird , who had been missing for 14 months .
Morris County Prosecutor Fredric M. Knapp and Long Hill Township Police Chief Michael Mazzeo made the announcement just after 2 p.m. Thursday .
Dr. Carlos A Fonseca of the Morris County Medical Examiner 's Office , and forensic odontologist Mitchell M. Kirshbaum made the identification through dental records , they said . The medical examiner 's investigation into the cause and manner of death is ongoing , they said .
On Wednesday at about 5 p.m. , two men canoeing in the river came across a red jacket located near branches , the announcement said . They immediately notified Bernards Township Police Department , kicking off an operation involving several agencies from multiple counties , it said .
Bird , a Wall Street Journal reporter , went missing more than a year ago after they left their Millington home on a walk and never returned .
Hundreds of people became involved in the search last year . Rescuers from several area agencies made their way through fields , walked the banks of the Passaic River and knocked on doors throughout Millington and other nearby neighborhoods . State Police flew overhead . County Park police were out on horseback and on ATVs .
Even after a lengthy , massive sweep of Long Hill and surrounding towns , authorities found no trace of Bird . Long Hill police have said the case is still open , and Journal owner Dow Jones and Co. offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to their discovery .
Bird , who was the recipient of a liver transplant , needed to take medication twice a day , but they left the medication at home , along with their cell phone .
Fourteen months after their disappearance , David Bird 's family members continued their search efforts by launching the Find David Bird website Wednesday .
Family friend Carolyn Buscarino said funeral arrangements have not yet been finalized , and that the Bird family has asked for privacy .
`` The Bird family would like to thank the many members of law enforcement , especially Chief Michael Mazzeo and the Long Hill Township Police Department , for their tireless efforts to find David , '' Buscarino said in a statement . `` They would also like to thank the countless friends , neighbors and strangers who have prayed for David and for the family over the past 14 months . ''
Gerard Baker , Editor-in-Chief of the Wall Street Journal , said , `` David Bird was a longstanding and valued member of the Dow Jones newsroom , and we are deeply saddened to learn today of their death . Our thoughts and prayers are with their family and friends . ''
According to the announcement of Bird 's identification , the agencies involved were : the Morris County Prosecutor 's Office , the Long Hill Township Police Department , the Bernards Township Police Department , the Liberty Corner Fire Department , Millington Fire Department , the Parsippany Search Rescue and Recovery Team , the Morris County Sheriff 's Office , the Morris County Park Police , Berkeley Heights Fire Department , Whippany Fire Department , Boonton Township Fire Department , Morris County Fire Coordinator , Denville Dive Team , Liberty Corner First Aid Squad .
The Whippany Fire Department , Millington Fire Department and Berkeley Heights Fire Department provided boats for the recovery .
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ JustinZarembaNJ . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
SAGINAW , MI — Several people arrived at the scene of a police investigation on South Michigan near Perry in Saginaw and reacted emotionally after they spoke to police officers .
Police are investigating the triple shooting that left two men dead about 3:30 a.m. Wednesday , Sept. 25 .
Rumors about the identities of three shooting victims circulated as police worked at a house at South Michigan and Perry , surrounded with crime scene tape . Michigan State Police Crime Lab technicians took measurements .
Several people at the scene said they had learned the identity of one shooting victim . Police said they would not release any information about the two men 's identities .
`` It 's still under investigation , it 's too soon , '' Michigan State Police Lt. Brian Cole said when asked about the age of the victims .
Police were observed at the scene fingerprinting one of the bodies , and an investigator said authorities were trying to confirm the identity of the victim .
A small crowd gathered before 7 a.m. and grew to about 100 people by about 10 a.m .
Several people arrived at the scene and ran toward the police , some screaming in agony as they heard news about the victim 's possible identities from bystanders .
`` I hate y'all , '' one woman screamed to the crowd .
They crossed the police tape while screaming and threw themselves onto the ground after speaking with others , including officers at the scene . A Saginaw police detective escorted them away , and another Saginaw police officer spoke with the woman before they left .
`` He 's gone , '' they screamed while walking away .
Several others arrived and screamed , many of them crying and hugging each other .
Several residents of the neighborhood said they slept through the night and did not know anything about a shooting until they came outside and saw the police presence .
Police towed a car that was parked across South Michigan from the house .
South Michigan was re-opened by about 1 p.m. as police continued the investigation off the road .
Buy Photo A suspect , 45 , forced the homeowner 's 30-year-old girlfriend into the house at gunpoint around 12:20 a.m.Monday on the 14900 block of Liberal , near Hayes and East State Fair streets . ( Photo : Holly Fournier / The Detroit News ) Buy Photo
Detroit — A home invasion suspect was killed early Monday after exchanging gunfire with a homeowner who was hospitalized themselves with gunshot wounds , police said .
The suspect , 45 , forced the homeowner 's 30-year-old girlfriend into the house at gunpoint around 12:20 a.m. on the 14900 block of Liberal , near Hayes and East State Fair streets , police said .
`` The homeowner armed themselves with a weapon and exchanged gunfire ( with the suspect ) , '' Sgt . Cassandra Lewis said .
The suspect , 45 , was fatally wounded and the homeowner was taken to the hospital in temporary serious condition , Lewis said .
It is too early in the investigation to determine if charges will be filed , Lewis said .
Several family members declined to comment after arriving at the home just after 8 a.m. Monday . One man told media they did not want the family put in jeopardy .
`` We do n't know what 's going on , '' they said .
Neighbors Donna and Dennis McCoy said they heard about eight gunshots overnight as they slept two doors down from where the home invasion took place .
`` We hit the floor until the gunshots stopped , '' Dennis McCoy , 63 , said . `` We looked out the window and saw six or seven police cars . ''
Donna McCoy , 53 , said their neighbor and their family routinely cleans up the block , which is dotted with burned-out and abandoned homes . Their efforts make the neighborhood feel like a tight-knit community , McCoy said .
`` He 's a very helpful neighbor ; they keep the yard up for us , '' they said . `` They make me want to cook outside again . They make me want to put up a Christmas tree and some lights . ''
McCoy said they already experienced violent crime when their 25-year-old son was fatally shot nearby at Seven Mile and Kelly .
`` I had to bury my son a year-and-a-half ago , so I 've got to learn to trust people again , '' they said . `` If ( my neighbors ) leave , I 'm leaving because no one else cares . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/1I843AE
By Nicholas Pell
On Wednesday morning , several punk bands awoke to find their videos had been removed from YouTube . They were understandably irritated ; that 's almost worse than running out of beer .
In their places were notes that they 'd been yanked due to Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) complaints lodged by SST Records -- the legendary label founded by Black Flag 's Greg Ginn , formerly based in Los Angeles but now in Austin . The allegation ? That these videos were using unauthorized SST music .
Continue Reading
But that was not so .
In fact , in the case of bands like L.A. 's The Adolescents and Austin 's The Lower Class Brats -- two groups whose videos were pulled -- their music has nothing to do with SST at all . They 've never been on the label , and they certainly were n't pilfering the imprint 's music .
Immediately , then , animosity raged against Ginn . Various Internet forums teemed with allegations that they were on some sort of rampage , or had sold out and was n't punk . Huffington Post even jumped into the fray , falsely claiming that Ginn improperly filed copyright claims on things they did n't own .
It turns out that Ginn is almost certainly not to blame . After speaking with them and reviewing published YouTube guidelines , this is apparently what happened : Those posting the unauthorized SST videos in question were actually random internet denizens ( not band members ) , and those videos were legitimately shut down by the DMCA complaints .
Only , these random denizens also had other videos on their accounts , from bands like The Adolescents and The Lower Class Brats . Because YouTube has a `` three strikes and you 're out '' rule , once a user has had three videos yanked , their entire account is often shut down . Thus , folks who had had at least three SST videos removed had all of their videos removed -- including , in some cases , from non-SST bands like The Adolescents and The Lower Class Brats .
What 's not up for debate is that Ginn themselves authorized the DMCA complaints against SST content , which also fueled the `` you 're not punk , maaaaan ! '' allegations . `` It is not a new matter that I am concerned about how my music is presented , '' says Ginn . `` As YouTube has 'monetized ' videos , a cottage industry has popped up to make money on putting videos up . I have seen our songs put up with ads placed in the middle of the song so as to trick the content owners . ''
Regardless of Ginn 's intentions , the tragedy here for punk rock fans is that many of the felled videos contained material that is no longer available on the internet . Non-SST tracks like a 1978 live version of X performing `` Nausea '' and remixed versions of Man Is The Bastard songs `` She Boar '' and `` Dahmer 's Funeral '' have been , at least for the time being , lost . You also will no longer be able to find certain SST material , like the Black Flag album My War .
Fortunately for punk fans , some of the rare content that was removed has been re-uploaded , like an early television public access appearance by Die Kreuzen . Meanwhile , affected YouTube video uploaders like Creamy Goodness X have claimed `` fair use '' and filed appeals . The moral of the story ? Do n't blame Greg . `` There has been some very inaccurate lazy reporting done on this stuff , '' they say , `` with people jumping to ridiculous conclusions instead of investigating the facts correctly . ''
In today 's digital world , workflow can literally mean the difference between life and death—a reality that hit home in the treatment of Ebola victim Thomas Eric Duncan .
Stories vary , and have been changing back and forth , regarding the initial release of Duncan from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas . “ During their initial visit , Duncan told a nurse that they had recently traveled to West Africa—a red flag that the CDC says should have sent hospital staff scrambling to test them for the lethal virus , ” writes the Atlantic . “ Instead , the critical information about their travel was somehow lost in the shuffle among the various doctors and nurses treating them that day . ”
Eventually , one of Duncan 's relatives contacted the CDC , which ordered their return to the hospital , where they later died .
At first , the hospital released a statement blaming Epic , the electronic health records ( EHR ) software the hospital used , reports Health Care IT News . “ In our electronic health records , there are separate physician and nursing workflows , ” the hospital wrote . “ The documentation of the travel history was located in the nursing workflow portion of the EHR , and was designed to provide a high reliability nursing process to allow for the administration of influenza vaccine under a physician-delegated standing order . As designed , the travel history would not automatically appear in the physician 's standard workflow . ”
Since then , the hospital backpedalled . “ We would like to clarify a point made in the statement released earlier in the week , ” the hospital now says . “ As a standard part of the nursing process , the patient 's travel history was documented and available to the full care team in the electronic health record ( EHR ) , including within the physician 's workflow . There was no flaw in the EHR in the way the physician and nursing portions interacted related to this event. ” The result , writes Forbes , is that we do n't actually know what happened .
Ironically , the parent company of the hospital had won the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society 's 2013 Nicholas E. Davies Award of Excellence , which recognizes “ outstanding achievement in the implementation and value from health information technology , specifically EHRs. ” Implementation of the EHR saved the hospital $ 152.8 million over five years . Regardless of what is to blame for the erroneous workflow in this particular case , the situation should serve as a wake-up call to hospitals , and organizations that use workflow in general , to ensure that the data that 's being collected is actually evaluated and used correctly .
These incidents demonstrate a number of things to watch for when setting up workflows :
Test your workflow periodically , ensuring that you are prepared for special cases . In particular , work with end users , who are more familiar with these sorts of special cases , to ensure that the workflow handles them .
Be sure to consider various data sources when setting up workflow systems . For instance , EHR systems need to evolve to be able to accept information from public health organizations , healthcare IT workflow and business process management expert Chuck Webster told CIO . In addition , they need to be better designed and simplified for clinical use , rather than the billing they were originally designed for .
When you 're setting up the workflow initially , make sure it includes all the steps it should have rather than simply recreating a paper workflow .
Make sure that all the users are trained in how the workflow system operates .
Make sure that alerts are turned on when necessary—and yet do not become overused so that users become blind to them .
Ensure that software and the technology behind it is updated . For example , a number of medical professionals commenting on this incident noted that the U.S. is still using an older form of coding diseases—one that does n't separate out Ebola—even though most of the world has switched to a more modern system that does .
Ensure that the systems for various departments are coordinated . Watch out for silos separating groups that need to work together .
Finally , do n't rely entirely on the workflow system . Be sure you have planned for crisis scenarios . In this case , once the nurse ascertained that the patient with a fever had recently been to West Africa , there should have been some backup mechanism for them to alert the doctor about this , numerous commenters noted . Atul Gawande 's book The Checklist Manifesto talks about the importance of this .
For the healthcare industry , it 's important to get this workflow issue figured out now—because of Ebola , but also because the remaining doctors who have n't yet moved to EHR are required to do so next year or pay a fine . EHR has the potential to save lives and improve people 's health by tracking all information in a single readable place . Like any workflow system , it needs to be set up properly .
WHY THIS MATTERS IN BRIEF Banking is one of the world 's oldest professions , but people only have a profession if they have a job , and as Wall Street drives to full automation there are fewer jobs to go round .
At its height back in 2000 , the US cash equities trading desk at Goldman Sachs 's New York headquarters employed over 600 traders who bought and sold stock on the orders of the investment bank 's largest clients .
Today there are just two left and automated trading programs have taken over the rest of the work , supported by 200 computer engineers explains Marty Chavez , the company 's deputy CFO and former CIO at a Harvard symposium on automations impact on the financial services sector held last month .
The experience of Goldman 's New York traders is just one early example of the rise of automation , that 's increasingly taking over Wall Street , that began with the rise in computerised trading , but which has accelerated over the past five years , moving into more areas of finance that were once dominated by humans .
Now , Chavez , who will become Goldman 's new CFO in April , says other areas of trading such as currencies and even investment banking are all moving in the same direction and it 's bad news for the banks thousands of employees .
According to Coalition , a UK firm that tracks the industry , nearly 45 percent of all trading is now done electronically , and not to be left out Wall Street 's hastily rolling out new automation technology , such as artificial intelligence ( AI ) to replace its high earners .
The average compensation for bankers in sales , trading and research at the world 's twelve largest global investment banks , which includes Goldman , is over $ 500,000 , with over seventy five percent of all Wall Street compensation going to these highly paid “ front end ” employees .
Ironically for the highly paid staff who survive these automation projects automation will make them even richer .
“ The pay of the average personaging director at Goldman will probably get even bigger , as there are fewer lower level people to share the profits with , ” says Babson College professor Tom Davenport .
Complex trading AI algorithms first began to replace human traders where the price of what 's being sold was easy to determine on the market – including the stocks traded by Goldman 's old 600 . Now areas of trading like currencies and futures , which are not traded on stock exchanges but have prices that fluctuate , are coming in for more automation as well , and in order to execute these trades , companies are busy designing algorithms that emulate as closely as possible what a human trader would do .
Goldman Sachs has already begun to automate currency trading , and has consistently found that four traders can be replaced by one computer engineer , now , out of a total staff of around 9,000 people , about one third of Goldman 's employees are computer engineers .
Next , Chavez said , will be the automation of investment banking tasks , work that traditionally has been focused on human skills like salespersonship and building relationships . While they say those “ rainmakers ” wo n't be replaced entirely , Goldman has already mapped 146 distinct steps taken in any Initial Public Offering ( IPO ) of stock , and many are “ begging to be automated , ” they say .
Reducing the number of investment bankers would let the bank save tens , maybe even hundreds of millions of dollars , great for the firm , not so great though for the employees these new systems replace . Investment bankers working on corporate mergers and acquisitions at large banks like Goldman make on average $ 700,000 a year , and in a good year they can earn far more , but all that looks set to change in the future – just take off a seven and four zeros .
Chavez themselves is an example of the rising role of technology at Goldman Sachs . It 's their expertise in risk that makes them suited to the task of CFO , a role more typically held by accountants .
“ Everything we do is underpinned by math and a lot of software , ” they told the Harvard audience .
Goldman 's new consumer lending platform , Marcus , a debt consolidation and advice platform that 's run entirely by software , with no human intervention , and more recently Goldman has filed patents to put – and automate – FX trading on the blockchain .
Chavez explains that Marcus was nurtured like a small startup within the firm and launched in just 12 months , and it 's a model Goldman 's going to use more and more over the coming years – housing development groups in “ bubbles ” in some of the now empty trading spaces in Goldman 's New York headquarters .
“ Those 600 traders , there is a lot of space where they used to sit , ” they said . However , for those who think Chavez themselves is safe from automation , well , Bridgewater Associates , the world 's largest hedge fund with $ 160 Billion under management , and who are automating the entire company , might have something to say about that…
Yoga teacher fired over cell phone ban at Facebook WORKPLACE
Alice Van Ness says : `` I 'm just not really OK with anarchy . '' Alice Van Ness says : `` I 'm just not really OK with anarchy . '' Photo : Courtesy Robert Van Ness Photo : Courtesy Robert Van Ness Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Yoga teachers fired over cell phone ban at Facebook 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
For years , yoga instructor Alice Van Ness has started their classes with a simple request - that students turn their cell phones off .
They brought that policy with them to Facebook , where they began teaching a weekly class at the company 's Menlo Park campus in March . But it proved to be a hard policy to follow for at least one employee , who began tapping away on their phone in the middle of class . And after Van Ness shot them a disapproving look , the instructor found themselves out of a job .
The 35-year-old San Carlos resident was fired last month after managers at the fitness contractor they worked for explained that saying `` no '' to Facebook employees is a no-no .
`` We are in the business of providing great customer service , '' said their termination notice from Plus One Health Management . `` Unless a client requires us to specifically say no to something , we prefer to say yes whenever possible . ''
But when it came to the Facebook employee using their cell phone - at the front of the room , in the middle of class - Van Ness refused to bend over backward .
`` Hello - this is only Facebook , '' said Van Ness , whose firing cost them a teaching gig at Cisco too . `` We 're not talking about the U.S. government here . We 're not talking about Russia is about to bomb us . We 're talking about Facebook . Something ca n't wait half an hour ? ''
Facebook declined to comment . Representatives for Plus One Health Management did not respond to requests for comment . In its termination notice , the company suggested the Facebook incident was part of a pattern of strict behavior on Van Ness ' part ; they had previously asked a Cisco employee not to take photographs of the class while it was in session .
Tension over tech
The incident highlights a growing tension in health studios , where students come to leave the world behind but often find themselves incapable of not checking their text messages , e-mails and - of course - Facebook . As smart-phone usage has grown , many studios have posted prominent notices asking students to leave them outside the studio .
But at a yoga class on a corporate campus , setting aside job responsibilities entirely , even for a few minutes during the work day , can be a stretch .
`` Sometimes if you 're in the tech industry , or have a serious attachment to your phone , you ca n't let Facebook go for an hour , '' said Michelle Michael , who owns Balance Yoga Studio in Woodinville , Wash. , near Microsoft and other tech companies .
When Michael opened their studio last year , they posted prominent notices there and on their website banning cell phones from classes .
`` It 's anti-yoga , if you ask me , '' Michael said . `` We realize the news feed 's going to keep going . But it 's nothing you ca n't go back and look at . Class is only an hour . ''
At the same time , Michael said , instructors should n't embarrass their students , even if they 're out of line .
'My face said it all '
Van Ness said their class at Facebook was just beginning when they noticed a student in the front row using a cell phone . They asked the entire class to shut the devices off . Halfway into their routine , just as they began the pose known as ardha chandrasna , the same student picked up their phone again .
Van Ness said nothing , but shot the student a look .
`` I 'm sure my face said it all , '' they later said in a blog post . `` Really ? Your e-mail is more important than understanding your body ? It 's more important than taking time for you ? It 's more important than everyone else here ? ''
The student left class for a few minutes to complete their phone business . They later complained to the fitness center 's managers , and two weeks later , Van Ness ' boss called them into the office and fired them
Van Ness protested at first , but later decided they would be happier elsewhere . Working at tech companies , they routinely found themselves dealing with students who came in late , left early , and fidgeted during short meditations .
`` The culture of these places is to let them do whatever they want , '' they said . `` And I 'm just not really OK with anarchy . ''
They crumpled up their termination notice and discarded it . In an apparent show of support , their roommate 's cat , Veronica , tore it up .
Seeking flexibility
Van Ness continues to teach at studios in Los Altos , Palo Alto and Milpitas . They like using a smart phone as much as the next person , they said . The compulsion to check for new messages is understandable . But - particularly in a yoga class - students ought to be flexible .
`` I understand the world still happens and there might be emergencies , '' Van Ness said . `` But it 's like , can we have some sort of boundary , a line of what we 're not going to accept bringing into this class ? ''
“ With the addition of the NFL on Thursday night our schedule is pretty darn tight , ” CBS ' CEO Les Moonves told investors this week , indicating the network planned to only add two new drama and two new comedy series for next season . Here is the proof of just how tight the network 's 2014-15 schedule is shaping up to be . As it does every year , in one fell swoop the network has renewed the bulk of its lineup . That includes nine drama series — flagship NCIS , NCIS : LA , Criminal Minds , Person Of Interest , Elementary , CSI , Hawaii Five-0 , Blue Bloods and critical darling The Good Wife — and five comedies : 2 Broke Girls , first-year student The Millers and the three Chuck Lorre series , veteran Two And A Half Men , Mike & Molly and first-year student Mom . They join Lorre 's The Big Bang Theory , which was just given a big three-season pickup . On the reality side , The Amazing Race and Undercover Boss are being renewed , joining Survivor , which is set for a milestone 30th cycle next season , as well as newsmagazines 60 Minutes and 48 Hours . All in all , 20 programs .
Related : CBS Will Launch ‘ Big Bang Theory ' On Different Night As NFL Begins
Not picked up is The Mentalist , the veteran procedural 's first time not being among the early renewals . The long-running drama has been on the bubble and , unlike Hawaii Five-0 , Blue Bloods or The Good Wife , whose ratings have been on par or lower , Mentalist is not owned by CBS , making off-network money for the company the way the other three shows do . But The Mentalist is a very important property for Warner Bros TV with a very lucrative syndication deal and strong international sales , so expect the studio to fight hard for a seventh-season renewal , especially after the post-Red John creative reboot of the show was deemed successful . ( The Mentalist creator/showrunner Bruno Heller 's expected departure to run their new series , Gotham at Fox , is not expected to be a major factor in the decision-making . )
Not surprisingly , not featured on the list are first-year student dramas Hostages and Intelligence and first-year student comedy The Crazy Ones . There seems to be an outside chance for procedural Intelligence , which had a ratings uptick this week , but no much hope for the other two . CBS even hired Hostages star Dylan McDermott in another pilot , and The Crazy Ones had taken a tumble in its new Thursday 9:30 PM slot . On the comedy side , CBS has two new shows that have not premiered yet : Friends With Better Lives , which the network has high hopes for and even featured it on its preliminary summer schedule , and Bad Teacher , which will replace Crazy Ones on Thursday . If last year is any indication , besides Criminal Minds , which was n't on the list of early renewals only because of tense renegotiations with the cast , all the other shows that did n't get an early pickup were eventually cancelled in May . But the year before , both CSI : Miami and CSI : NY were left out , with the latter scoring a last-minute reprieve along with perennial bubble comedy Rules Of Engagement .
The Two And A Half Men ‘ s renewal is rumored to be for a possibly abbreviated final season in the vein of last year 's pickup of How I Met Your Mother . ( A delayed Thursday lineup launch because of football next fall would accommodate that . ) However , the long-running sitcom recently found its groove in the new Thursday 9 PM slot , so options are being kept open for now . Even with a full season for Men , if CBS is to pick up two new comedy series for next season as Moonves suggested , the network will have to renew at least one of its midseason comedies in order to maintain the two two-hour comedy blocks on Monday and Thursday .
Federico Higuaín is relishing their fourth season with Columbus Crew SC , both on and off the pitch . Not only has the midfielder embraced the Capital City as their home , they are thrilled with the progress the club has made over the years .
“ Ever since I got here , the club has just gotten better and we 're achieving things on a greater scale , ” they say .
`` Pipa '' made an immediate impact when they arrived in Columbus from Buenos Aires , Argentina in 2012 , earning the MLS Newcomer of the Year award in their first season followed by back-to-back Crew SC Barbasol MVP honors in 2013 and ‘ 14 . This season , Higuain has scored nine goals and served 10 assists . More importantly , however , the team 's overall productivity has increased .
“ The change is incredible , ” Pipa says . “ It 's due to our ownership , our staff , our technical staff , and it 's really progress that happens month-by-month . It 's kind of incredible to think that two seasons ago , when all this change was happening , that we were going to be where we are . Last year , to be knocked out when we should n't have been and now to be in this position where we deserve to be , it 's something that we appreciate and that I enjoy and love . ”
Higuaín has played a large role in Columbus ' recent success , helping the team advance to the Eastern Conference Championship for the first time since 2008 . Crew SC Sporting Director and Head Coach Gregg Berhalter says Pipa 's technical abilities contribute immensely to their team 's style of play .
“ He 's able to operate at a high speed under extreme pressure and make it look effortless , ” they say . “ That 's a quality that really helps us play our game , because they can receive the ball in any type of position and be able to control it and find the next pass . He 's really integral to how we play . ”
The Designated Player is one of the best attacking midfielders in MLS . Their 35 career goals tie Eddie Gaven for the fifth-most in club history . Their distribution is also impressive , dishing out 32 career assists , 10 of which were game-winners . That 's tied for fourth all-time in the Crew SC record books .
“ I think the amount of running they do and the effort they put in often gets overlooked , ” Berhalter says . “ But he 's a guy that does an incredible amount of work for the team , both offensively and defensively . ”
The Argentinian 's contributions have become well-known among Columbus supporters , particularly their impressive signature chips . As Crew SC supporters respond to their “ magic , ” Pipa feeds off their passion for the club and attributes the great atmosphere to the improvements Investor-Operator and chairperson Anthony Precourt and Berhalter have made .
“ Just to feel that , that 's something that we feel as players and we give our best to give back , ” they say . “ To be fair , it 's just something that you feel is growing and growing , and we 'd like for that to continue . ”
And it 's not just Higuaín who appreciates Columbus embracing him , it 's their entire family , including their son Santino , their wife Veronica , and their new baby girl , Nicolino .
“ My wife , my family , myself , we love it here , ” they say . “ We feel the support from not only the organization , but from the supporters . And for me , it 's a pleasure to don the Black & Gold for the club every matchday . ”
As they take pride in putting on their jersey with No . 10 printed below their name , Pipa says it 's simple to explain why the Crew SC badge means so much to him : “ Columbus is the most beautiful city in the United States . ”
To pay back the city they now call `` home '' and everyone who has supported them along the way , Higuaín wants to bring home the MLS Cup .
“ It would be the biggest gift , especially for my daughter , ” they say . “ And not only that , but for the city , for the club , for everyone that supports Columbus Crew SC , and this whole project that 's been going on . ”
Graphics memory usage
Before we move on-wards into the conclusion it is handy to know how much graphics memory the game requires in a preferred resolution . You 'll notice that overall 2GB graphics cards are sufficient and thus the generic rule of thumb here for maximum quality mode with complex MSAA levels at 2 AA samples . So a graphics card with 2 GB of graphics memory is really recommended . Should you have less available and run into performance issues , the easiest way out preventing frames from being swapped back and forth in that framebuffer is to select medium quality settings or to disable MSAA .
In the above chart the values is graphics memory usage in MB . Once you go Ultra and have MSAA levels enabled starting at 1600x1200 there will be a turning point where the game utilizes more than 1 GB of graphics memory . Overall the advise is simple enough , make sure you have a graphics card with 2 GB of graphics memory when using HIGH or Ultra image quality modes . Now we switch in-between 2xAA / 4xAA and the image quality modes ( ULTRA ) to monitor framebuffer utilization . The above results are all measured at all four primary resolutions tested today . As you can see we are hovering at roughly 2 GB of graphics memory . Ultra HD however is another level , we are closing in on 3 GB fast ! The 4GB on the 290/290X cards now starts to make sense alright .
Final Words & Conclusion
If you already had bought the game and have a decent DX11 class graphics card , then by all means give the quality settings modes a try . The performance hit is extensive when you use MSAA , but 2xMSAA does seem to be a nice trade-off . The game itself offers a lot of eye-candy whether that is to be found in shadows , textures , tessellation or post processing effects like depth of field , the game just looks a nice .
Summing it up
We hope you liked this little soirée of tests which will be an indicator of overall performance . Make no mistake , this game in Ultra quality mode makes your GPU ( s ) sweat when you jump up in resolution , but BF4 has become amongst the better looking games anno 2013 , not extremly good or anything , but overall pretty good would be my wording here .
All modern graphics cards will run the game at Full HD extraordinary well . For mid-range the 7800 / R9-270X series from AMD and the GTX 660 / 760 and upwards from NVIDIA will offer truly nice value for money . There is just no need to drop down in images quality modes too massively and heck , that 's where we as PC gamers needs to be . We do not like to forfeit in quality . If you need a little more icing on top of the cake then up-to Full HD the GeForce GTX 770 is great with on the competitions side the R9 280X editions being very price competitive as well -- single GPU wise . From there upwards with QHD 2560x1440 you pay the price for premium products and the value for money ratio slowly is killed off . Here a R9 290X is fantastic as well as the GTX 780 . For Ultra HD gaming , honestly if you want MSAA , you 'll need a multi-GPU solution . A R9 290X and a GTX Titan could pull it off , but you need to forfeit MSAA really . Surprisingly the fastest single card solution is the Radeon HD 7990 , and these go for 450 EUR these days .
I wanted to point out , all cards used today are reference cards with reference clocks . As you guys know AIC/AIB partners mostly offer factory overclocked or factory faster clocked products . That by itself can shift performance per card or brand upwards another 10 % -- just so that you guys know okay ?
GeForce cards use the latest 331.65 WHQL Beta driver ( download here ) .
AMD Radeon graphics cards we used the latest 13.11 Beta build 8 driver ( download here ) .
As always , we hope you enjoyed this selection of measurements . Let us know what you think or have a peek in our huge BF4 forum thread here . Have a fragtastic weekend y'all ! Hilbert out
In case you missed it - this is the scene recording we use for our benchmarks .
Blu-ray + Digital HD
Toy Story That Time Forgot Blu-ray Review
Do n't forget to experience this new mini-chapter from the 'Toy Story ' universe .
Reviewed by Martin Liebman , October 28 , 2015
They 're back ! A dinosaur Toy Story .
is still cool . After all these years and three films , the original `` toys to life '' gang -- Woody ( voiced by Tom Hanks ) , Jessie ( voiced by Joan Cusack ) , Buzz Lightyear ( voiced by Tim Allen ) , Trixie ( voiced by Kristen Schaal ) , and Rex ( Wallace Shawn ) -- remains one of the most delightful bunches of digital plastic ever to grace the silver screen . In , they take their adventures to the small screen for big battle against some unruly prehistoric action figures that think they 're real-life warriors , not a child 's playthings . Originally aired on ABC on December 2 , 2014 , the short is a breezy and fun escape that returns to a familiar world for an all-new adventure.It 's Christmastime . All of the presents have been opened and the favorites chosen . Yet Bonnie ( voiced by Emily Hahn ) is still enjoying some of their old standbys like Trixie , Rex , Buzz , Woody , and Jessie , even if she 's not playing with them exactly as intended . Instead she 's giving some -- particularly Trixie -- a mild Christmas makeover . They pack them up for a playdate with their friend Mason ( voiced by R.C . Cope ) who has , this Christmas , hit pay dirt . Not only did they receive practically the full line of Battlesaurs action figures and play sets , they also scored a hot new video game system , complete with a virtual reality headset . Mason 's immersed in the video game and Bonnie , excited to check it out herself , tosses their toys aside to adventure in the digital realm . The gang is approached by an entire army of Battlesaurs , including the group 's martial leader , Reptillus Maximus ( voiced by Kevin McKidd ) . They get Trixie and Rex suited for war . They think it 's all fun and games , but they quickly learn that the Battlesaurs mean business and that they intended to fight to the death . The toys ' only hope for survival is to convince Maximus that he 's a toy , not a wartime leader . That could be a tricky prospect , however , with the cunning Cleric ( voiced by Director Steve Purcell ) secretly driving the issue.More than a casual `` put down the video game controller and appreciate the simpler toys and games in life '' request , 's the most basic theme explores the idea that one is happiest when one finds their or their own place in the world , essentially finding fulfillment in fulfilling the purposes for which one was created . For the kids , that 's playing with the toys and finding happiness in them . For the toys , that 's providing that tactile , functional , and foundational element of contentment for the children . It 's a happy full circle sort of story that uses the theme more as a bookend and springboard for the central action , which is sufficiently exciting . It 's not very large in scale and the scenes are , of course , somewhat limited under the constraints of a 22-minute program , but the short satisfies with a playful sense of adventure and fun new characters mixed in with several old favorites .
Ferguson only informed their coaching staff of their decision to retire at the training ground on Wednesday morning - shortly before the official announcement was made .
Sky Sports News spoke to the Dutch coach outside Carrington and asked them when they heard the news .
`` Just this morning , they called us into their office and said what decision they took , '' they revealed .
`` It has always been on the cards , there is speculation every season and the manager kept their cards close to their chest - I think they felt the time is right now and they have made the decision . ''
Meulensteen believes that Ferguson has not taken the decision lightly and will have thought about their decision .
`` He obviously is a man that thinks things through very well , '' they said .
`` I am sure they have taken a lot of thought about making the decision and I wish them well , they have been absolutely fantastic for this club , for Manchester United , and I hope all the fans will give whoever comes in all the support they have got . ''
The former Brondby coach , who has helped Ferguson to four titles , admits this season 's title-winning campaign was a big one .
`` I think we have responded really well to big disappointment from last year and there was determination around the whole place and especially around the manager and I think they were delighted to win the title the way we did , '' they said .
Asked about how Sir Alex was feeling , they concluded : `` I think a combination of relief in some ways . ''
Wes , Derrick , LeRoy , Bananas , Jordan , Landon , Kenny , Darrell , Alton , and CT . These are all of the male competitors in Challenge history who have won 5 or more eliminations in their career . Except it 's missing one person… Mr. Nelson Thomas . In three seasons , Nelson has compiled a 5–1 elimination record , a couple daily mission wins , and a second place finish on Invasion of the Champions . Nelson 's elimination stats put them with other all-time great players ; it 's not a matter of if Nelson will ever win a Challenge , it 's a matter of when . They are a flawed player who has found a way to maximize strengths in order to compete with the best . The most similar all time players to Nelson are Wes ( optimistic ) , Cara Maria ( realistic ) , and LeRoy ( pessimistic ) . At the end of the day , all great players to be compared to .
Nelson was an unknown face after Are You The One ? and their first Challenge season . They were only the guy with a killer bod and a tiny bit of a temper . If you 've ever seen the phrase “ whatever does n't kill you , makes you stronger. ” It becomes the mantra of Nelson 's entire Challenge career . They started their Challenge career as a bad player who was near the bottom in most missions , but after every elimination win they came back a little more confident and began doing better in missions to the point they were average in them . After winning the Underdog Bloodbath , Nelson destroyed the final , and was the only person out of the final six to complete every single portion and not receive a time penalty . Then they went on Dirty 30 , won the first regular daily mission of the season , and performed at least average in the rest of them .
When they eliminated Hunter on Dirty 30 , Nelson had to face the house 7–1 , except they had a look on their face after the elimination that made it seem like anyone facing Nelson in elimination would have to see a person who wo n't give up . And then they decided to be wack and slap Derrick in the face while drunk , ending their season there . Nothing is worse than losing a season due to a disqualification because you ended up beating yourself . Never throw away a game you worked hard to play for one drunken moment . Even if Nelson had not won the season , they probably would have taken a vet or two out in the process , and people within the game would have more respect for him .
Nevertheless , Nelson is back for their fourth season and is ready to get their first win .
Skills & Physical Strength : I compared Nelson to LeRoy and Cara Maria for a good reason . On the No Quitters Podcast , LeRoy called themselves the male Cara Maria . They are not well-rounded players who are able to compete with the elite players because they are good at eliminations and dominating physically . So far in Nelson 's career , it 's been about the same , he 's in great shape and kills eliminations . The difference between Nelson and LeRoy is — LeRoy would like to win , Nelson wants to win . To Nelson , the Challenge is their sport , and they are a professional Challenger . After Nelson did poorly in the swim of the Invasion final , they posted clips of them at the gym practicing their swimming .
They might be one of the worst puzzle players in Challenge history , but they practice them . As they improve physically , they continually try to make themselves a better overall player . If Nelson can become average at the competitions where they would usually be weak in , their strengths will push them over the top .
Based on their Instagram , Nelson has been bulking up . Nelson is known for their killer abs and low body fat content — now their arms and chest are significantly bigger after becoming more devoted to their training and fitness . On Social Media , Nelson 's stories always consist of them being at the gym , doing cardio on the track , doing hot yoga , or training by doing martial arts . They focus on being functionally fit and trying out different types of exercises to have a complete body .
Social , Mental , & Political Game : The pure amount of older generation veterans on Dirty 30 put Nelson between a rock and a hard place . Aligning with Cory and Hunter was a decent move because they would be forced to play the game of the veterans either way . Going into this season , Nelson needs to win challenges in order to gain political power , and then use that political power as leverage for future alliances . With all the rookie guys this season , Nelson 's focus should be on gathering them go against Bananas , instead of playing a lazy game where they vote in the rookie first .
They lack true allies in this game besides Cory . Nelson needs to be a social butterfly and nice guy on this season . Their mental game is their biggest weakness — they need to keep their cool and not get into any fights again . Nelson should also pray for a good puzzle partner , they have done them in the past , just usually near the bottom of puzzle people .
Eliminations & Winning Potential : In my re-watch of Dirty 30 , the thing that amazed me about the way Nelson competes in eliminations is they have the fighter mentality . It hurts them in the house environment when things get tense — in high-pressure eliminations , they are able to turn it on and fights for their life . When watching all the eliminations on Dirty 30 , I could have envisioned Nelson winning every single elimination , not that they would have won , but them beating the people who did win/lose those eliminations is not a crazy idea . The only eliminations they would have likely lost in was to Derrick in the hamster wheel elimination , and maybe Hunter in the Paper Hall Brawl ( though Nelson beat them in elimination already in the season ) .
Can Nelson win ? Yes , but they need to get Bananas out of the game in order to give them a strong chance of winning . Nelson is a flawed player who is bad at puzzles and is a poor swimmer . At the same time , nobody has the gas Nelson has when it comes to endurance and hunger . Their chances to win the season are good .
Overall Rating : 90/100
COLUMBUS , OH—Hoping to build on the momentum from their victory in the Ohio Republican primary last night , presidential candidate John Kasich reportedly spent much of Wednesday trying to locate other states where they are a beloved multi-term governor . “ Given our campaign 's tremendous success in Ohio , I 've instructed my top staffers to focus all their efforts on identifying additional states where I am currently a widely popular governor , or have been in the past , ” the candidate told reporters , adding that several aides were currently placing calls to every statehouse in the country to determine whether Kasich is a sitting governor anywhere else . “ We want to move forward with the strategy that 's worked for us , and that means campaigning hard in states where my current constituents live . I 've proved that I can win big in areas where I 'm the governor , and now it 's time to take that approach nationwide. ” Kasich went on to admit that they were still playing catch-up after their earlier strategy of trying to find states with a sizable moderate Republican base had proved unsuccessful .
Advertisement
Further details for Mario + Rabbids : Kingdom Battle , a game that seemingly very little people wanted or expected , have emerged . We already know from leaks last week that the quirky title should be revealed in its entirety soon but in the meantime , Comicbook.com have got their hands on even more info from a Ubisoft source . Check them out below :
Development started three years ago
Ubisoft was the one that came up with the idea and went through the standard pitching process to Nintendo execs
Seems like the title may have been in the works for Wii U at first
Being made by both Ubisoft 's Paris and Milan divisions , with the core creative direction being handled by Milan
Nintendo is overseeing development and approving ideas , but have been very accepting and quick to approve ideas
Game features surreal , self-referential gags
At one point , there was a large Donkey Kong themed Rabbid serving as one of the first boss encounters
This Rabbid has access to a pile of bananas that it can use to replenish its health
To beat him , you have to cut off their food supply to prevent them from recovering
The DK Rabbid will dab periodically if it lands an attack correctly
When the boss faints , the Rabbid cosplaying as Princess Peach in your party takes a selfie with them
The 8 playable characters each have an individual skill tree of sorts for developing special abilities
Each start with a base skill that they can later improve , in addition to learning new ones
Mario has a passive ability which enables them to automatically fire at an enemy if they enter their field of vision
Some of these powers are common across multiple characters
There are unique ones like Peach 's powerful ability to inflate enemies using a foot pump until they explode
The online suite was being tested several months back , although this mode was inaccessible in the test builds
Additional mode named ‘ Arena ' was spotted in the test UI
Prototypes feature a mode dubbed ‘ amiibo machine ' , but the details behind it remain a mystery
Ubisoft is producing prototype figurines of some of the game 's characters , which may turn out to be amiibo
this game was originally intended to be unveiled during Nintendo 's January Switch event
The reveal got pushed back in order to let the game get some more polish
It will be revealed at E3 2017 and could see release in August or September .
Source / Via
Google has unrivaled power to make waves on the Internet . From Gmail to Google search , YouTube to Blogger , Google products reach eyes all over the globe .
Would n't it be amazing if Google used its global influence to help us normalize breastfeeding ? Of course the real normalization of nursing happens every time a mother breastfeeds a child . But nursing is also normalized each time we see it on TV , in books , on Facebook , and yes , on Google and the Internet as a whole . Sadly , nursing pairs still face discrimination and criticism . Each little step we make to celebrate and normalize breastfeeding can help .
Hygiea recently shared that the California Breastfeeding Coalition had an idea to petition Google to dedicate one of the Google Doodles to breastfeeding during World Breastfeeding Week .
I started brainstorming several ideas of what that Doodle might look like -- we could turn Google 's oo 's into breasts , and a simple outline of mama/baby would go above and below the word . We could turn the little `` g '' into the blue and white international breastfeeding symbol . We could transform the bottom of the `` g '' into a baby 's head and have a mama nursing incorporated into the background .
Along with the Doodle ideas , I was inspired to come up with a list of several more ways Google could help us normalize breastfeeding . The beautiful artwork in this post is courtesy of my very talented friend , Joni Rae of Tales of a Kitchen Witch , who made the Doodle and the Pegwoman below . Thanks also go to my husband , Tom Ford , who created the fake Google street view , Calendar , and Gmail images .
You can help us get Google 's attention by sending them an email -- there is an example email at the bottom of this post .
So , Google , what do you say ? Will you help ?
9 Ways Google Can Help Us Normalize Breastfeeding
PHOTO GALLERY
How You Can Help !
Would you love to see Google help us normalize breastfeeding ? To get these ideas on Google 's radar , send an email to proposals @ google.com . Here is a sample email adapted from one at Hygeia :
Dear Google ,
We , the breastfeeding support and promotion community , would be delighted to have Google help us normalize breastfeeding throughout the world . World Breastfeeding Week takes place from August 1-7 , 2012 , and Dionna at Code Name : Mama has brainstormed several ways Google can join the celebration :
Feature a Google Doodle Honoring Breastfeeding - Be sure to check out the suggested Doodle created by Joni Rae from Tales of a Kitchen Witch !
Include the Searcher 's State Law on Breastfeeding on Every Search Result
Offer Free Advertising Space to Breastfeeding Organizations
List One of the Many Reasons to Breastfeed in Gmail 's Sponsored Links
Add World Breastfeeding Week to the Holidays on Google Calendar
Put a Breastfeeding Pair in Street Views
Reject Advertising from Companies That Are n't Who Code Compliant
Turn the Google Map Pegman into a Breastfeeding Pegwoman
Feature a Breastfeeding Video on the Front Page of YouTube
( INCLUDE A FEW OF THE IDEAS BELOW , AND/OR ADD YOUR OWN IDEAS ! )
World Breastfeeding Week is celebrated every year in over 176 countries around the world , and this year marks the 20th anniversary . We would love to have Google be a vital part of this milestone .
Thank you for considering this proposal .
Sincerely ,
YOUR NAME
In an August column about the 11th Circuit ruling against ObamaCare 's individual health insurance mandate—the decision the Supreme Court is now reviewing—I noted the basic problems that opponents and supporters of the mandate face in trying to reconcile their positions with the Court 's Commerce Clause precedents :
Because the U.S. Supreme Court has treated the power to `` regulate commerce…among the several states '' like Silly Putty since the New Deal , explaining why it can not be stretched to cover the health insurance mandate is harder than you might think . But ... the law 's defenders have a corresponding problem . Because a limitless Commerce Clause contradicts a fundamental constitutional principle [ the doctrine of enumerated powers ] , they have to justify the mandate in a way that does not also justify every other conceivable congressional dictate regarding how we spend our money . So far they have been unable to do so .
Judging from yesterday 's oral argument , that remains true . Consider this exchange between Justice Anthony Kennedy and Solicitor General Donald Verrilli :
Kennedy : Your question is whether or not there are any limits on the Commerce Clause . Can you identify for us some limits on the Commerce Clause ? Verrilli : Yes . The rationale purely under the Commerce Clause that we 're advocating here would not justify forced purchases of commodities for the purpose of stimulating demand .... Kennedy : But why not ? If Congress says that the interstate commerce is affected , is n't ... that the end of the analysis ? Verrilli : No .... The difference between those situations and this situation is that in those situations , Your Honor , Congress would be moving to create commerce . Here Congress is regulating existing commerce , economic activity that is already going on , people 's participation in the health care market , and is regulating to deal with existing effects of existing commerce .
Notice that Verrilli implicitly accepts their opponents ' activity/inactivity distinction , saying a person 's failure to buy health insurance only looks like inactivity ; it is in fact a decision about how to pay for services in a market they have already entered ( or will soon enter ) . That 's an argument the adminstration has been making for some time now . But in rejecting the idea of requiring purchases to stimulate demand , Verrilli seems to contradict the logic of Wickard v. Filburn , the 1942 decision in which the Supreme Court said a farmer could be prevented from growing wheat for their own use in excess of a government quota because their self-sufficiency , combined with that of other similarly situated famers , exerted `` a substantial economic effect on interstate commerce '' by reducing aggregate demand , thereby pushing prices down . The quota did not directly command Roscoe Filburn to buy wheat , but that was its intended function in this context . So if the federal government is going to start making people buy things , why is stimulating demand an impermissible aim under the `` substantial effects '' doctrine ?
Later in the argument , Justice Samuel Alito asked Verrilli to `` express your limiting principle as succinctly as you possibly can . '' Verrilli 's reply :
We got two and they are—they are different . Let me state them . First , with respect to the comprehensive scheme . When Congress is regulating—is enacting a comprehensive scheme that it has the authority to enact that the Necessary and Proper Clause gives it the authority to include regulation , including a regulation of this kind , if it is necessary to counteract risks attributable to the scheme itself that people engage in economic activity that would undercut the scheme . It 's like—it 's very much like Wickard in that respect . Very much like Raich [ the case dealing with homegrown medical marijuana ] in that respect . With respect to the—with respect to the—considering the Commerce Clause alone and not embedded in the comprehensive scheme , our position is that Congress can regulate the method of payment by imposing an insurance requirement in advance of the time in which the—the service is consumed when the class to which that requirement applies either is or virtually most certain to be in that market when the timing of one 's entry into that market and what you will need when you enter that market is uncertain and when—when you will get the care in that market , whether you can afford to pay for it or not and shift costs to other market participants . So those—those are our views as to—­those are the principles we are advocating for and it 's , in fact , the conjunction of the two of them here that makes this , we think , a strong case under the Commerce Clause .
They 've had two years , and this is the best they can do ? It sounds like Verrilli thinks either of these conditions would be sufficient to justify congressional action :
1 ) Congress creates a `` comprehensive scheme '' and finds that people are behaving in ways that interfere with it . It sets agricultural quotas , but a farmer grows more than allowed . It bans marijuana , but a cancer patient grows their own for medical use . It says health insurers must take all comers and charge them all the same rates , but young , healthy people refuse to participate , creating a danger of adverse selection . This does not seem like a limiting principle to me . If anything , it 's an expansionary principle , since a regulatory scheme becomes more constitutional as it becomes more intrusive .
2 ) There 's something almost all of us will need at some point , and we 're not sure exactly when , but when we do other people will be forced to pick up the tab if we are unable or unwilling to pay . Health care is surely not the only thing that meets those first two requirements ( as Chief Justice John Roberts suggested , why not require people to buy cellphones in case of emergencies ? ) , and the third one is contingent on government policy ( such as the federal law requiring hospitals to treat people regardless of their ability to pay ) . Again , this `` limiting principle '' encourages Congress to interfere in the economy as promiscuously as possible , thereby creating problems that justify further intervention .
The president 's lawyers , of course , picked these criteria because they fit the policy they want to implement , not because they flow ineluctably from the power to `` regulate commerce ... among the several states . '' They are designed to be permissive , not restrictive . To come up with something better , you 'd need to be genuinely concerned about the prospect of a federal government unmoored from its enumerated powers , and I doubt that danger keeps anyone in the Obama administration up at night .
Fines issued for only seven of 4,123 oil spills since 2000 , with no company having to pay more than £20,000
Oil companies operating in the North Sea have been fined for oil spills on just seven occasions since 2000 , even though 4,123 separate spills were recorded over the same period , the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( Decc ) has confirmed .
The disclosure came as Decc said on Thursday that the government had offered a `` record-breaking '' 167 new licences to oil and gas companies seeking to drill in the North Sea . A further 61 `` blocks '' , or licences , are under environmental assessment .
Total fines resulting from prosecutions between 2000 and 2011 came to just £74,000 and no single oil company had to pay more than £20,000 .
Two companies received fines of £20,000 : BP , for causing 28 tonnes of diesel to spill into the sea in 2002 from the Forties Alpha platform , and , a year later , Total E & P , for causing six tonnes of diesel to enter the sea during a transfer between fuel tanks on the Alwyn North platform .
Information about the fines was released by Decc after freedom of information request and further inquiries by the Guardian .
The smallest fines over this period were those imposed on two companies , Venture North Sea Oil and Knutsen OAS Shipping , of £2,000 each , after 20 tonnes of crude oil was spilt during a tanker transfer on the Kittiwake platform .
In total , 1,226 tonnes of oil were spilt into the North Sea between 2000 and 2011 , according to Decc 's archives . Decc said there is no `` volume threshold '' determining whether a company will be prosecuted over a spill at sea , although a spill of less than five tonnes is unlikely to go to court .
A tonne of crude oil is broadly equivalent to seven barrels , or , more precisely , 1,136 litres .
Decc said its inspectors , all of whom have enforcement powers , judge each case separately to assess the circumstances and the seriousness of the alleged offence .
Slightly different arrangements exist in Scotland from those in England , Wales and Northern Ireland , for pursuing a prosecution .
A Decc spokesperson said : `` The UK has one of the toughest and most successful oil and gas regimes in the world and we work closely with industry to ensure the highest standards of environmental protection are in place and enforced .
`` There are a number of enforcement options available to Decc , with court action reserved for serious offences . On the rare occasions legal proceedings have been deemed necessary , it is for the court to decide the level of fines to hand down . ''
Environmental campaigners said it was worrying that Decc viewed itself as operating the global gold standard of offshore regulation , especially as oil companies were now pressing for permission to drill in extreme and vulnerable environments such as the Arctic .
Vicky Wyatt , a Greenpeace campaigner , said : `` Ministers and oil companies can spout all the carefully crafted quotes they like to tell us how safe drilling at sea is . But while they 're spouting these words , their rigs are all too often spouting oil into our oceans . The government should hit these companies who pollute the oceans in this way with meaningful fines .
`` A few grand is not even a slap on the wrist for companies who pocket millions of pounds every hour .
`` It 's both staggering and wrong that some of these companies are now also drilling in the fragile and pristine Arctic , where a similar oil leak would be catastrophic . ''
Speaking about the issuing of new drilling licences , the energy minister , John Hayes , said : `` Fortune has favoured the UK . Oil and gas from our waters provides around half the energy we need to heat our homes , fuel our cars and power our industry .
`` It is the single largest industrial UK investor , supporting 440,000 jobs , and benefits the UK 's trade balance to the tune of £40bn . ''
They added : `` This successful licensing round shows we are taking the right action to offer certainty and confidence to investors . Our fiscal regime is now encouraging small fields into production and our licensing regime supports new faces as well the big players to invest . Importantly , we are guaranteeing every last economic drop of oil and gas is produced for the benefit of the UK . It is our work with industry that is cultivating this precious resource , making our seas a fertile landscape for investors for many years to come . ''
Fined North Sea oils spills since 2000
Kerr McGee North Sea ( UK ) Ltd – 22 October 2000
Release of about 400 tones crude oil to sea from subsea pipeline : £10,000 fine . Pipeline between NW Hutton platform and Hutton TLP , northern North Sea .
BP Exploration Operating Company – 2 December 2002
Release of approximately 28 tonnes diesel to sea due to accidental draining of fuel to open drain system and sea sump : £20,000 fine . Forties Alpha platform , central North Sea .
Total E & P UK PLC – 17 June 2003
Release of about 6 tonnes diesel after diesel transfered from tanks via valve not identified as dump valve : £20,000 fine . Alwyn North , northern North Sea .
Shell UK Ltd – 12 May 2003
Release of 7.5 tonnes diesel to sea during bunkering operations – return path for diesel supply system found to be closed and plant condition not as expected : £7,000 fine . Comorant Alpha , northern North Sea .
Amoco ( UK ) Exploration Company – 1 July 2004
Release of 31 tonne diesel to sea from day tank during bunkering operations : £12,000 fine . Lomond , central North Sea .
Shell UK Ltd – 10 November 2004
Release of 7.33 tonnes oil-based mud to sea during bunkering operations . £3,000 fine . North Cormorant , northern North Sea .
Venture North Sea Oil Ltd and Knutsen OAS Shipping AS – 5 April 2007
Release of 20 tonnes crude oil to sea from SAL [ single anchor loading ] during transfer onto tanker . £2,000 fine each . Kittiwake , central North Sea .
The AOC U3477Pqu is easily the most dramatic thing I 've had on my desk since we held open auditions for this year 's PC Gamer pantomime . That eyeball-filling 21:9 aspect ratio has made me entirely forget about 4K gaming and look disappointingly on the RoG Swift which normally has pride of place . The panel itself is absolutely gorgeous straight out of the box .
AOC have been going through a renaissance of Matthew McConaughey-esque proportions recently . Traditionally they 've struggled to match up to their Philips rivals , but sported a lower price point to match their performance . The latest AOC monitors I 've been testing though have been really impressive , both in terms of their image and overall build qualities .
I loved the $ 550 / £400 AOC U2868Pqu for its 3840 x 2160 native 4K resolution and the fact it happily ran its impressive 28-inch TN panel at 60Hz the entire time too . The chassis was basic , but still well put together and was a full tilt/swivel design and had all the inputs you could need . Bargain .
The $ 800 / £600 AOC U3477Pqu is rather more expensive , but I 'd be far happier using this screen full time than any 4K screen I 've used to date . Even the freaky-expensive 32-inch Asus IGZO panel .
For a start that 21:9 aspect ratio really works in this 34-inch format , mostly because the 3440 x 1440 native resolution offers a third more desktop height than the 29-inch panels I 've previously used . That means it offers a great experience just when you 're working in Windows , but the real kicker is how good it makes your games look and how much more immersive they suddenly feel . Now , I 'm not talking Rift levels of immersion here , but sat at your desk the expanse of monitor really fills your field of view far more than a traditional 16:9 panel .
And that panel is glorious too . It 's a lovely IPS screen , with all the colour reproduction , crispness and viewing angles you could want . My only slight issue with the screen is that the black levels are ever-so-slightly crushed at the low end , but some little gamma tweaks in your GPU control panel will sort that out . Other than that the white levels , contrast and gradients are spot on . The only thing I could possibly want over and above this is for AOC to work out how to get a 144Hz refresh rate and G-Sync into an IPS panel .
Thankfully the U3477Pqu came out of the box looking good so I did n't need to mess with the controls .
AOC have nailed the build . It 's got a very minimal bezel around the outside and the controls are easily accessible , but overall there 's nothing standing between you and the screen . It 's a classic AOC on-screen display , admittedly , which is n't so great , but thankfully the U3477Pqu came out of the box looking good so I did n't need to mess with the controls . If you want to get a crick in your neck the tilt/swivel stand will allow you to work in a glorious portrait mode .
There is one big problem . If you spend any time watching streamed video of any kind on your PC you 're likely to be rather disappointed . Most online video , even if it looks like a 21:9 video , comes with the top and bottom black bars hard-coded into the stream . That means you end up with a huge black border all the way around your video .
Blu-Rays , and any legitimate 21:9 content , look stunning though . I 've played the HD trailer for Interstellar so many times now , mostly for my own edification , but often just to show people how good it looks .
There is a slight issue with game support too . Not a lot of devs are coding 21:9 support into their titles—there simply is n't the installation base there yet—which again leaves you with black bars at the sides . Thankfully there is an excellent application called Flawless Widescreen which can fix compatible games at the touch of a button .
Ryse , Skyrim , The Vanishing of Ethan Carter , Dead Rising 3 and Middle Earth : Shadow of Mordor—all the games I 've been playing this month—worked more or less perfectly without much fuss at all . Thankfully , Elite : Dangerous just worked without any need to resort to Flawless Widescreen at all .
The only real issue then is one of price . Originally I was told the U3477Pqu would be the same price as their 4K panel , but it 's worked out considerably more . That 's a shame , but it is still a beautiful , dramatic panel that trumps 4K for me entirely .
If you 're going to spend big money on anything for your PC , make it your monitor . That 's the portal into your gaming rig , and this screen is still going to be making you very happy long after your current GPU has shuffled off its silicon coil .
lol this large cart of no name brand beef cat food is marked `` Dalhousie '' enjoy your meal plan Dal students
Over the weekend , someone noticed that Dalhousie University in Halifax had purchased an ungodly amount of cat food .
That 's 372 jumbo cans of No Name beef- and seafood-flavoured cat food . Over 232 kilograms . Why , Dalhousie ,
@ Allisomething Should have gone to McGill where you get Fancy Feast .
Was the kitty food bound for the cafeteria ?
Had the school obtained an actual feline to be the school 's mascot ?
After seeing the photos on social media , Jesse Ward , editor-in-chief of the Dalhousie Gazette , recognized the backdrop as the Atlantic Superstore in Halifax 's North End .
In an interview with News957 , Ward said a manager confirmed the chow was indeed for Dalhousie . But for whom ?
The next morning they went around campus questioning different departments to see if anyone had recently ordered an entire pallet of cat food . Still , nothing .
`` People looked shocked . They were n't sure about what Dalhousie would be doing with so much cat food , '' Ward told News957 .
You certainly ca n't say we do n't cover everything at the List Universe ! Here are 10 top tips for stain removal . Always test an inconspicuous area of the stained article before applying these tips .
1 . Blood
Dry or wet , you can remove blood with Hydrogen Peroxide . Pour a little on to the stain and let it sit for a couple of minutes . Rinse , repeat , and it should be gone . Incidentally , this will not remove forensic evidence of blood , just the stain .
Babies can be the worst stain producers . One baby bag essential is a Babyganics Stain Go Away Stain Remover On-The-Go at Amazon.com !
2 . Pen Ink
Spray hairspray on to the stain ( use a lot ) and let it dry . Wash as normal . Another tip for removing ink is to soak the stained article in milk overnight , then wash .
3 . Red Wine
If the spill is small , pour white wine on to a cloth and dab the red wine – it works like magic . If the stain is larger , pour salt on it . Both of these tips only work if the wine is wet .
4 . Nicotine
Lemon juice should remove nicotine stains . If the stains are on your fingers , use lemon juice and pumice stone .
5 . Melted Wax
Lay brown paper over the garment and iron – moving the paper often . The paper will absorb the wax .
As the saying goes , “ mama knows best , ” and a grandma is basically two moms rolled into one . You ca n't go wrong with Grandma 's Secret Spot Remover at Amazon.com !
6 . Rust
Rub with lemon juice and salt and leave in the sun . Then wash as usual .
7 . Grease
To remove grease , dab the stain with eucalyptus oil then put through a hot wash. You may need to repeat the process . Another useful tip is to rub butter in to your hands if they are stained with grease . Then rinse with soapy water .
8 . Black marks on the floor
Sometimes you get black marks on the floor from the soles of shoes . A great way to remove This is to pour a little lighter fluid on to a cloth and wipe .
9 . Crayon on Walls
Use baking soda on a damp cloth to rub crayon stains off smooth surfaces . A more risky way is to use white spirit .
10 . Grass
Grass stains can be removed by wiping the article over with methylated spirits . Repeat until the stain is gone and wash .
Technorati Tags : DIY , stains
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you do n't miss out on our latest lists .
Share :
BEIJING - A Chinese court has sentenced an American woman to three and a half years in prison and deportation on espionage charges , a rights group said Wednesday , and their lawyer said they expect their release soon .
Sandy Phan-Gillis was detained in March 2015 at the Macau border after visiting mainland China with a trade delegation from the Texas oil capital Houston .
They were accused of espionage and stealing state secrets for allegedly passing intelligence to a third party , according to previous reports from the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention which cited government sources .
Nanning Intermediate People 's Court in the southern province of Guangxi passed the sentence Tuesday , but the American 's next steps will not become clear until a written judgement is released , John Kamm , director of the US-based Dui Hua Foundation rights group , told AFP .
Phan-Gillis was currently being held in a detention centre and not a prison and did not plan to appeal , they said .
Kamm said that `` adjusted for time spent in residential surveillance in a designated location , they have already served more than half their sentence , and is accordingly eligible for parole as well as medical parole , commutation and immediate deportation '' .
`` I am hopeful they will be reunited with their family soon , '' they added .
Them lawyer Shang Baojun confirmed the sentence and said they expected the written verdict to be issued within five days .
`` I expect they will be deported very soon , and if so , would not need to serve the three-and-a-half-year sentence , '' they told AFP . Phan-Gillis was in `` okay '' physical and mental condition , they said .
A US embassy spokesperson said Wednesday their trial was closed to the public and a request to have a consular officer attend had been refused .
The spokesperson said the US government `` remained concerned '' about the case and was in contact with the `` highest levels '' of the Chinese government about it .
The UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention last year denounced China 's handling of the case , saying it had not observed `` international norms relating to the right to a fair trial and to liberty and security '' .
Violations by Chinese authorities were of `` such gravity as to give the deprivation of liberty of Ms Phan-Gillis an arbitrary character '' , it noted in a report released last July .
Phan-Gillis was held for six months at a secret location and later at a detention centre in Guangxi , where they were initially put in solitary confinement , the working group said .
Them husband Jeff Gillis has campaigned for their freedom , including a website `` savesandy.org '' which has now been taken down .
According to an archive version of the site , Phan-Gillis has family origins in southern China but was born in Vietnam .
They left the country in the late 1970s as part of the exodus of `` boat people '' who fled Communist rule .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Whether or not collusion occurred and then can also be proven , there is mounting evidence that the White House anticipates damaging reports from the Russia probe , according to Just Security 's Ryan Goodman .
Goodman goes into detail on these points at the above link :
1 . 1 . White House Counsel contemplated resigning ; Trump and Kushner rejected lawyer 's advice on Russia investigation protocols
2 . Trump legal team prepared for Kushner resignation in light of June 9 Russia meeting
3 . Bannon thought/said there was enough evidence on Kushner to sink the president 's son-in-law
4 . Kushner may have advised Trump to appease Republican Senators in case the Russia investigation goes south
5 . Roger Stone predicts ( or : threatens ) that congressional members should fear for their lives if they vote for impeachment
The Just Security analysis came out the morning after the report on yet more Paul Manafort emails .
Manafort is but one piece of the Russian puzzle surrounding President Trump , including Flynn , Stone , Page , and Kushner . If the evidence against Manafort continues to build , it could make it easier to pressure them to turn on President Trump .
If the White House was concerned about the Russia probe before , they must be more concerned now , perhaps because of what evidence or testimony Manafort could provide against the President if they were successfully squeezed hard enough to turn .
Even if Manafort does n't turn on Trump , it is clear from both the behavior of those in the White House and what can publicly be known about the Special Counsel 's activities that more bad news is coming for Trump on the Russia front . Collusion is a difficult charge to prove , but it makes a really great motive for presidential obstruction of justice .
One that is agreed upon by many within Trump 's White House is that Jared Kushner is a liability who could bring this White House down . More bad Russia news is coming for Trump . It is only a matter of when it arrives .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
IRVING , Texas -- Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo suffered two fractured transverse process in their back in the loss to the Washington Redskins , but there remains a chance they could play Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals , according to multiple sources .
The Cowboys and Romo have stressed this is not related to the disk surgery they had last December and is not a threat to end their season . Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty suffered a similar injury this season and missed just one game .
Tony Romo 's latest injury is not related to the disk surgery they had last December and is not a threat to end their season . Tom Pennington/Getty Images
ESPN 's Ed Werder reported Romo would either start or be inactive against the Cardinals . They did not practice all week and is officially listed as questionable .
The transverse process is a small bone that sticks out from either side of the vertebrae . Romo has been receiving multiple hours of treatment all week at the Cowboys ' facility and at home .
Romo suffered the injury when they took a knee from Redskins linebacker Keenan Robinson on a third-quarter sack last Monday night . After taking X-rays , which were negative , and receiving a pain-killing injection , Romo returned for the Cowboys ' final two drives of the game . They had a CT scan Tuesday .
Brandon Weeden would start against the Cardinals if Romo can not play . Weeden took all of the first-team snaps during the week with Romo unable to practice .
The Cowboys travel to London on Monday for their Nov. 9 game against the Jacksonville Jaguars . With a long flight and an achy back from two back surgeries in less than a year , Romo 's practice schedule likely will be monitored leading up to that game whether Romo plays Sunday or not .
If they can not play against Arizona , then this would be the fourth time in the last seven seasons Romo has missed a game because of an injury . They missed three games in 2008 with a broken pinkie finger . They missed the final 10 games of the 2010 season with a broken collarbone and did not play in last year 's season finale because of back surgery .
Weeden performed well in Romo 's absence against Washington , completing 4-of-6 passes for 69 yards and a 25-yard touchdown pass to Jason Witten . They started 20 games in two seasons with the Cleveland Browns , posting a 5-15 record .
`` I feel ready . I 'm confident , '' Weeden said . `` The uncertainty is the only thing . What 's the word ? Are we going to do this ? That will come but I just have to prepare like I 'm going to play and expect the unexpected . ''
With Romo unable to take part in the offseason program , limited during training camp and not practicing on Wednesdays since Week 2 , Weeden has received more work with the first-team offense than most backup quarterbacks .
Undrafted rookie Dustin Vaughan would serve as the Cowboys backup quarterback . They have been inactive the first eight games of the season .
Information from ESPN 's Ed Werder was used in this report .
Loading ... Loading ...
It would appear America is being manipulated on identity politics into another civil war . One of the key puppeteers behind the orchestrated chaos is none other than billionaire color revolution designer George Soros , a man who regularly funds liberal organizations and later found not just organizing protests but paying protesters and even busing them in .
Soros has been behind many so-called “ grassroots uprisings ” that appear way too organized to be organic in recent years and typically go from protests to riots in short order , from the Mike Brown shooting protests-turned-riots to the violent anti-Trump election protests to the purposeful evolution of Black Lives Matter in what was later revealed to be a police federalization agenda .
So is it even remotely shocking to find out that the left-wing group behind the recent UC Berkeley protest-turned riot is yet another Soros funding recipient ?
Via Daily Caller :
The left-wing group that helped organize the violent shut down of the Milo Yiannopoulos event at the University of California , Berkeley on Wednesday is backed by a progressive charity that is in turn funded by George Soros , the city of Tucson , a major labor union and several large companies . The Global Alliance for Justice , based in Tucson , is listed as an organizer and fiscal sponsor for Refuse Fascism , a communist group that encouraged left-wingers to shut down the Yiannopoulos event .
This right here is why someone started a White House petition to issue an international arrest warrant for Soros .
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World .
KIGALI ( Reuters ) - The U.N. subcommittee on torture prevention has suspended a visit to Rwanda , citing obstructions imposed by the government that compromised its fact-finding mission .
Rwandan authorities barred the U.N. delegation from accessing some detention sites and made it impossible for them to conduct “ private and confidential interviews ” , a statement from the U.N. body published on Friday said .
The body said it was only the third time in 10 years it had suspended a mission . It called on Rwanda to cooperate with the body and “ abide by its international obligations ” .
The incident further mars the human rights record of the government led by President Paul Kagame , which faces mounting criticism for what human rights groups say are widespread abuses , a muzzling of independent media , and suppression of political opposition .
The U.N. body said the people the group interviewed before suspending its seven-day mission said they feared reprisals . “ We must not place the persons that have cooperated with us in danger , ” it said .
The Rwandan authorities were not immediately available for a comment , but it has denied accusations of unlawful detention and torture documented most recently by Human Rights Watch in a report published this month . The report said the government routinely tortured detainees with beatings , asphyxiations , mock executions and electric shocks .
A prominent critic of Rwandan president who was barred from running for presidency , Diane Shima Rwigara , was detained in Kigali in September and faces charges of forgery of electoral documents and inciting insurrection .
They said in court last week said that their family and supporters were subjected to torture . Judges have said they will rule on their bail request on Monday .
mymai_split.bat a guest Nov 3rd , 2016 1,298 Never a guest1,298Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint Batch 1.54 KB @ echo off rem Mai Dump Split Tool rem rem File Name ( important ) : mymai_split.bat rem rem PURPOSE : rem Splits mai dump folder into ZIP with small files ( less than 10MB by default ) and folder with big files for more efficient transfer . rem rem REQUIREMENTS : rem GNU sed for Windows , Microsoft 's forfiles.exe , WinRAR rem Should be all installed and added to PATH environment variable . rem rem USAGE : rem 1 . Make empty folder . rem 2 . Put inside mai dump folder ( like this PCSG00756 ) and mymai_split.bat ( this file ) . Nothing else shoud be inside the folder . rem 3 . Run mymai_split.bat and when it 's done you 'll get ZIP with small files and folder with big files . rem 4 . Transfer them both to Vita 's ux0 : mai folder . rem 5 . Extract ZIP right there with VitaShell and delete now useless ZIP . rem 6 . Install game with MaiDumpTool as usual . rem 7 . Done . rem rem NOTE : rem Tested on Windows XP and Windows 7. rem Therefore ca n't guarantee correct operation under other OSes . rem echo Scanning files ... forfiles.exe /S /C `` cmd /c if @ fsize lss 10485760 ( if @ isdir equ FALSE ( echo @ relpath ) ) `` > mymai_list_of_files.txt echo Formatting list ... ver | find `` Windows XP '' > nul if % ERRORLEVEL % EQU 0 ( sed -i `` s/ ^ . / & \./ '' `` mymai_list_of_files.txt '' ) sed -i `` /mymai_list_of_files\.txt/d '' `` mymai_list_of_files.txt '' sed -i `` /mymai_split\.bat/d '' `` mymai_list_of_files.txt '' echo Archiving ... winrar.exe a -afzip -df -ag -t small-files @ mymai_list_of_files.txt echo Cleaning up ... del sed * del mymai_list_of_files.txt echo All Done . pause
RAW Paste Data
@ echo off rem Mai Dump Split Tool rem rem File Name ( important ) : mymai_split.bat rem rem PURPOSE : rem Splits mai dump folder into ZIP with small files ( less than 10MB by default ) and folder with big files for more efficient transfer . rem rem REQUIREMENTS : rem GNU sed for Windows , Microsoft 's forfiles.exe , WinRAR rem Should be all installed and added to PATH environment variable . rem rem USAGE : rem 1 . Make empty folder . rem 2 . Put inside mai dump folder ( like this PCSG00756 ) and mymai_split.bat ( this file ) . Nothing else shoud be inside the folder . rem 3 . Run mymai_split.bat and when it 's done you 'll get ZIP with small files and folder with big files . rem 4 . Transfer them both to Vita 's ux0 : mai folder . rem 5 . Extract ZIP right there with VitaShell and delete now useless ZIP . rem 6 . Install game with MaiDumpTool as usual . rem 7 . Done . rem rem NOTE : rem Tested on Windows XP and Windows 7. rem Therefore ca n't guarantee correct operation under other OSes . rem echo Scanning files ... forfiles.exe /S /C `` cmd /c if @ fsize lss 10485760 ( if @ isdir equ FALSE ( echo @ relpath ) ) '' > mymai_list_of_files.txt echo Formatting list ... ver | find `` Windows XP '' > nul if % ERRORLEVEL % EQU 0 ( sed -i `` s/^./ & \./ '' `` mymai_list_of_files.txt '' ) sed -i `` /mymai_list_of_files\.txt/d '' `` mymai_list_of_files.txt '' sed -i `` /mymai_split\.bat/d '' `` mymai_list_of_files.txt '' echo Archiving ... winrar.exe a -afzip -df -ag -t small-files @ mymai_list_of_files.txt echo Cleaning up ... del sed * del mymai_list_of_files.txt echo All Done . pause
Indian Bank has paid Rs 165.62 crore as dividend to the government of India . Mahesh Kumar Jain , managing director & CEO ( additional charge ) , Indian Bank , presented the dividend cheque for 2014-15 to Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at New Delhi on Monday . The government holds 82.10 per cent of the bank 's equity share capital of Rs 480.29 crore as on March 31 .
The bank 's global business has crossed the Rs 3-lakh crore milestone as on June 30 , registering a year-on-year growth of 10.05 per cent . The bank 's capital position was very healthy with its net worth improving to a Rs 12,773 crore in June 2015 from a Rs 11,743 crore in June 2014 and the capital adequacy ratio according to Basel-III was at 12.12 per cent for the quarter ended June 30 , of which Tier-I capital stood at 10 per cent .
TOKYO—Freelance journalist Shiori Ito shocked Japan when they went public in late May with allegations that they had been raped by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's close friend and biographer , Noriyuki Yamaguchi .
This is a country where countless women might have said # MeToo , but , four months ago , few did .
Yamaguchi publicly denied raping Ito and says the case is now closed .
Ito , however , refused to back down and has written a book , Black Box , that explains their experience and urges other victims to come forward . And the coincidence of its publication on Oct. 20 , amid the growing international furor sparked by the alleged abuses of movie mogul Harvey Weinstein , may now give Ito 's message real momentum .
If you think things are bad in Hollywood , consider the way the system works here , where pigs protect pigs , including at high levels of government , to the point where women , no matter how brave , feel they have no recourse at all .
After Ito was raped , they went to the police to try to have their assailant arrested . They are n't . And as The Daily Beast reported in June , subsequent inquiries showed the acting chief of the Tokyo Police Department 's criminal investigative division , another member of Abe 's circle , personally called off the arrest of the suspect and scuttled the investigation .
When Ito went public with their story , sadly , it was n't the allegations of corruption that caused so much of a stir in Japan but shock at the audacity of a woman who was prepared to go public on camera to detail a sexual assault and name the alleged perpetrator .
The stigma here against reporting these crimes is so powerful that only 4 percent of victims of sexual assault file complaints with the police , according to Kazuko Tanaka , a female prosecutor and author of the Sex Crimes and Child Abuse Investigation Handbook . Japan 's justice ministry in 2012 estimated that only 18.5 percent of sexual assaults were reported to the police over a five-year period . Statistics on how many of those cases the police actually investigated were unavailable .
After the arrest warrant on rape charges issued for Ito 's alleged assailant was pulled , Ito sought through their lawyers to have the investigation reopened and brought to trial , but this was rejected by the Committee for the Inquest of Prosecution last month . This is n't surprising since only about 1 percent of prosecutorial decisions are overturned which is coincidentally the odds of winning a not-guilty verdict in Japan ; the country has a 99 percent conviction rate . And if you 're accused of rape and actually arrested for it , prosecutors drop the charges over half the time .
Ito is continuing to wage legal battles .
On Sept. 28 , they filed damages against Yamaguchi in civil court , exploiting a recent precedent . Last March , a civil court ruled in favor of a rape victim who had filed a complaint with the police immediately after the alleged assault only to see investigators sit on the case for more than four years , forcing the victim to seek relief outside of the criminal justice system .
On Oct. 24 , the Foreign Correspondents Club of Japan , invited Ito to speak . An invitation was sent to their alleged assailant as well , but they did not respond . Ito also spoke to The Daily Beast one-on-one in Japanese and in English .
“ After my experience , I tried to seek help from the hospital , a rape crisis center , and even the police , but none of them could help me , ” said Ito . “ I came to the painful realization that the legal and social system in Japan is n't working properly for victims of sex crimes . The police did n't want to let me file [ a case ] . They told me , ‘ These things happen a lot . It 's difficult to investigate sex crimes . '
“ I had to really encourage them to do the investigation—and gather evidence . The detectives worked really hard and were about to arrest [ Yamaguchi ] at Narita airport—and it got called off . Victims in Japan are expected to keep quiet . The media and the police try to hide us . They tell us that 's it for our own good . That 's not always so . I thought it was time that someone came forward so that others can and things change . ”
When asked what precisely needs to be done , they paused to take a deep breath . Ito does n't think many people , especially men , understand the difference between consensual and nonconsensual sex .
“ I 've been interviewing and talking with many of my male friends and gotten into fights with them , ” they said . “ I 'm quite surprised . They believe—that ‘ If we [ men ] ask every time , if that 's OK , for consent , that we will never have sex . ' It 's such a simple thing , if you really care about someone else , to ask . ”
They note that Japan is full of sexual images , sleaze , and pornography , in movies , newspapers , even comic books ; sexual services such as fellatio can be legally purchased and advertised . But the core question of consent and sexual assault is off limits . “ We talk about what or how people can be sexually pleased . Japan 's known for its adult entertainment . Fine . But then we need to be able to talk about sex . But we do n't . We treat all of it like a taboo . We put all of it in a black box .
“ Police do a terrible job investigating these cases but it 's not entirely their fault , ” said Ito . “ They lack training and the prosecutors want a high conviction rate and cases like this are hard . And most police do n't know how to use rape kits . Few hospitals have them . Response is slow . Police are trained to doubt everything you say [ as a victim ] . You have to repeat the same story over and over for hours and I do n't how you 'd find the time to do it if you have a regular job . ”
Ito 's book cites a study by Japan 's news broadcaster , NHK , on what constitutes “ sexual consent. ” Eating dinner alone as a couple was considered equivalent to sexual consent by 11 percent ; wearing skimpy clothes , 23 percent ; drinking together as a couple alone , 27 percent ; getting drunk , 35 percent .
“ Black box ” is a term used by police to describe situations they think will never be clarified . Ito remembers , “ The police and prosecution kept saying everything is in a black box : ‘ It was just the two of you in the hotel room . Nobody knows what really happened . ' ” And no one feels compelled to explain legal decisions .
“ Police wo n't explain why they called off the arrest . The prosecutors wo n't explain why they did n't prosecute or why the first detective or first prosecutor were all suddenly taken off the case . The Prosecutorial Review Board wo n't explain their decision . Everything is in a black box . And I wanted to shine light on that black box . You can actually prove what happened . You can collect evidence . I went with the police to the hotel to get the videotape . I found the taxi driver who was a witness . I 'm not hiding . ”
Ito found that writing Black Box helped them deal with the PTSD that has plagued them since 2015 , when they woke up in pain in a hotel room , with their alleged attacker on top of them
“ There was a time when I could n't even look at the manuscript of this book—it was too traumatizing . I did n't think I could handle it but in the end it was cathartic . I had to check the details and the facts and I feel fearless now . I know that I have the truth . It 's hard to have written this book and see it published . It 's like being naked in front of everyone . But I 'm glad I did it… I want women to know they 're not alone . I want people to think about what if it was your sister or your friend who is the victim , that this can happen to anyone . It 's not just about my case—it 's about all the victims who remain silent . The sexual assault laws in Japan finally changed this year , after 110 years . It was about time . Now the police and prosecutors have to change and so does Japanese society . ”
At the end of the day , drought tolerance in corn has to equate to good yields and good quality , not just good looks , said a Texas AgriLife Research scientist .
Dr. Wenwei Xu , AgriLife Research corn breeder from Lubbock , is working with crosses between temperate and tropically adapted varieties of corn to find a drought-tolerant plant that performs well under reduced irrigation .
`` With the continuing decline of the Ogallala Aquifer water level and increasing cost of pumping water , the use of drought-tolerant and high-yield corn hybrids is a key for sustainable corn production under limited irrigation , '' Xu said .
A field day was held recently at the North Plains AgriLife Research Station near Etter to demonstrate the differences between the parent plants and the offspring , or crosses .
`` We hope to reduce the amount of water required for corn by at least 10 percent , '' Xu said .
Already the AgriLife Research program out of Lubbock has released four inbred lines of corn and numerous others are in the process for release , they said .
`` The new multiple-stress-tolerant corn lines can be used to produce corn hybrids adapted to Texas and other southern states , '' Xu said . `` They can be a powerful tool to save water and produce crops with yield and grain quality under stressful environments . ''
The research station at Etter is one of three test sites in Xu 's program . The others are located at Halfway and Lubbock .
About 500 hybrids are being evaluated this year for either grain yield or silage yield and quality , they said .
Xu said there has been an increasing demand for silage corn in the Texas High Plains , and producers need new hybrids adapted to the local environment . Corn produced in the U.S. is primarily based on two races of maize , but there are more than 250 races identified around the world , Xu said .
`` Most of our breeding efforts start by crossing tropical corn with temperate elite lines , '' they said . `` Then we select for desirable traits to broaden genetic diversity and introduce useful genes from exotic corn to improve stress tolerance , agronomic productivity , disease resistance , insect resistance and value-added grain characteristics . ''
Xu said some of the experimental hybrids they are working with have produced the same silage yield under irrigation equaling 75 percent evapotranspiration as with 100 percent evapotranspiration irrigation .
Evapotranspiration is the loss of water from the soil both by evaporation and by transpiration from the plants , and is reported on a daily basis through the Texas High Plains Evapotranspiration Network .
Bruce Spinhirne , AgriLife Research associate based in Lubbock , said they reduced the irrigation on a few hybrids by 50 percent and had a severe yield and quality limitation , so they followed that by the 75 percent water application .
Those results are due in part to the use of stored moisture in the soil profile , Spinhirne said .
`` At 75 percent ( evapotranspiration ) , you have 3 to 4 inches of available moisture that is used , where if you are watering at 100 percent , it is wasted , '' they said .
The average silage yield of 20 corn hybrids at two locations ( Etter and Halfway ) was 26.84 tons per acre under 75 percent evapotranspiration irrigation , just slightly lower than the 27.49 tons per acre under 100 percent evapotranpiration irrigation , Spinhirne said .
However , they said , there were significant differences among hybrids in each environment .
`` One of our experimental hybrids produced the same amount of silage in both locations when irrigation was reduced from 100 percent to 75 percent , '' Spinhirne said .
`` Developing and using new corn hybrids with improved tolerance to drought and other stresses is important and a viable water-saving approach , '' they said .
We all know that healthcare costs in the U.S. are too high . But why is American healthcare so expensive ? Some experts blame the desire for profit . Russell Andrews , a neurosurgeon and author of Too Big To Succeed laments “ the morphing of American medicine from a function of a humanitarian society into a revenue stream for healthcare profits , drug and medical device companies , hospitals , and insurance companies . In essence , we have transformed healthcare in the U.S. into an industry whose goal is to profitable. ” Andrews goes on to characterize the profit motive as “ a virus ” infecting the system .
Sachin Shah , a physician affiliated with Doctors For America , contrasts the struggles patients have paying for their medical bills to the enormous profits of American insurance companies :
“ The five largest health insurance companies – WellPoint , United Health , Aetna , Humana , and Cigna - … earned over $ 3.3 billion in profits [ between April and June 2011 ] . ” Shah goes on to contend that “ Profit in the health insurance industry is the single greatest barrier to building an efficient , sustainable system of healthcare in this country . ”
David Goldhill is not convinced that profits are the problem . Author of Catastrophic Care : How American Healthcare Killed My Father and How We Can Fix It , Goldhill points out how small those profits are in the face of overall healthcare spending :
“ Imagine confiscating all the profits of all the famously greedy health insurance companies . That would pay for 4 days of healthcare for all Americans . Now add in the profits of the 10 biggest ‘ rapacious ' drug companies . Another 13 days . ”
Who is right : Goldhill , a cable television executive who wrote a book after their father had a horrible medical experience , or Andrews and Shah , two physicians who claim to have seen the effects of the profit motive up close , in their own patients ' lives ?
Would it surprise you to learn that my answer is : Neither ? Instead , all of them are having a hard time distinguishing between income and profits .
Let 's start with the two physicians I quoted above . Both bemoan the way that money influences medical care in the U.S. , with physicians no longer concerned primarily with patients ' best interests . As Andrews puts it : “ Medical services since ancient Greek times have sworn to uphold the Hippocratic Oath . Medical students since ancient Greek times have sworn to uphold the Hippocratic Oath . Yet nowhere in the Hippocratic Oath is money , financing or making a profit mentioned . ”
Andrews is wrong about the Oath , which does mention money , but only in the context of medical training , instructing physicians in training to regard their teachers as partners : “ and when they [ the teacher ] is in need of money , to share mine with him. ” Hippocrates aside , Andrews is harking back to a time when the medical industry was presumably not focused on profits the way it is today .
Shah does not focus on the physician/patient relationship , but instead on profit mongering companies : “ These companies , ” Shah writes , referring to for-profit insurance companies , “ are morally bankrupt parasites. ” Shah then concludes that their “ business model is to profit by finding ways to avoid caring for sick people in their time of the greatest need . ”
I think these well-intentioned physicians are conflating interest in making money with the pursuit of profits . Shah vilifies for-profit insurance companies , but non-profit insurance companies also have a financial incentive to withhold care from patients . Indeed , much of the money in the American healthcare system flows through very well paid non-profit businesses . The Mayo Clinic ? A wealthy non-profit institution , whose CEO makes around $ 2 million a year . The CEO of Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Illinois , a non-profit insurance company , made $ 16 million in 2012 . Shah and Andrews are upset about the profit motive in medicine , but should be more focused on greed . Profits are not to blame for healthcare costs in the United States . We could run an entirely non-profit system and still witness high healthcare costs .
Goldhill is also focused too much on profits rather than on health care spending more generally . Perhaps insurance company profits only amount to a few billion dollars here , another few billion dollars there , all amounting to a drop in the proverbial healthcare spending bucket . But by focusing on profits , Goldhill ignores the salaries that insurance company employees make , salaries that are paid before the company can determine whether it has made any profits . Remember , Blue Cross/Blue Shield receives billions and billions of dollars of money from health insurance enrollees . It pays most of that out to healthcare providers . But it also rewards many of its employees , especially its executives , with very lucrative salaries , salaries that influence healthcare costs , even though they are not counted as healthcare profits .
When we debate healthcare costs in the U.S. , we need to be clear on whether we are focusing on profits , per se , or instead on the simple fact that everyone in the healthcare industry – from for-profit insurance companies to private practice physiotherapists – understandably need to focus on their own bottom lines . Undoubtedly , being a for-profit company with anxious shareholders puts more pressure on that bottom line . But everyone working in the healthcare industry has to make sure that the revenues they receive , in the long run , at a minimum cover their operating costs .
A more nuanced debate about health care costs in the US should better distinguish between health care related income and outright profit . No one should go bankrupt either paying for medical care or providing it . But that does n't mean health care businesses , whether profit or non-profit , should enrich themselves at the expense of society . It is important not only to recognize that health care businesses—from solo medical practices to ginormous insurance companies -- ignore the bottom line at their own peril , but also to recognize that too much money grubbing—whether from for profit or non-profit health care businesses—threatens our ability to provide needy patients with affordable medical care .
The shocking sexism displayed in a video of Stirling University men 's hockey team is a stark example of the misogyny women students are experiencing in the name of 'banter '
This week , a video of the men 's hockey team at the University of Stirling appeared on YouTube , showing the male students on a packed bus , engaged in a shouted chant . The chant , filmed on a mobile phone , begins : `` I used to work in Chicago , in a department store … '' and becomes increasingly misogynistic , racist and offensive as the journey progresses . Now the video has been viewed tens of thousands of times online , the University says it has launched an investigation .
But this video represents so much more than a single , isolated incident . In just two horribly uncomfortable minutes , it sums up the reality of what female students are facing up and down the country – a reality that is n't going away .
It was striking how recognisable many aspects of the situation were . The bravado and pack culture of the `` lads '' shouting their song regardless of the feelings of the many other , clearly uncomfortable , people on the bus . The young woman in the forefront of the shot who sits tight lipped , checking over their shoulder now and then , evoking an all-too-familiar sense of trapped , fearful tension . The student union officer who has now apologised , and was not involved in the chanting , but can be seen walking away at the beginning of the video rather than making any attempt to challenge the misogynistic behaviour . The passive bystander .
Then there are the lines from the song itself , each evoking an aspect of student sexism that might sound shocking to some , but will be wearily familiar to so many young women .
The idea that sexually assaulting a woman by groping them without their consent is a big joke : `` A lady came into the store one day , asking for some material … felt , they got . ''
The gleeful belittling of women in sexual encounters : `` A lady came into the store one day , asking for an orgasm … who gives a fuck what they got ? ''
The nasty combination of sexism and racism : `` A lady came into the store one day , asking for an oriental-looking device … my Jap 's eye they got . ''
And , finally , the joyful abandon with which painful realities are turned into a great big , `` banterous '' joke at women 's expense : `` A lady came into the store one day , asking for a lady train … a miscarriage they got . ''
This is not a one off . This is not even unusual . In the last month alone , the Everyday Sexism Project has received more than 100 reports of similar incidents from students at universities up and down the country . It is becoming the background noise to their education . And many of these reports reflect exactly the same attitudes that emerge in the Stirling video . The message is loud and clear : sexism and sexual violence is a joke , and woe betide you if you dare to object , you frigid , uptight bitch :
`` The other day in class at university , I was sitting as the only girl in a group of 20-year-old guys , and they started making jokes about how they were going to rape girls after their night out later on … I was really angry , but felt like they would n't listen to me if I said something about it ... or tell me to lighten up . ''
`` I was walking from my university accommodation to the club on campus when two guys started walking next to me . They asked if I was going to the club and I said : 'Yes I 'm meeting my friends there . ' They then asked if I wanted some 'action ' before I got there and one of them put their arm right round me so I could n't pull away . I said : 'No thank you . ' . They said it was OK they could still do something to me if they wanted because it 's not rape if the woman 's wearing socks . ''
`` Getting on the bus at uni – three male students thought it was acceptable to make loud and very rude comments about my body and how I dressed . When I challenged them they said that it was 'just banter ' and 'lads having a laugh ' . Very uncomfortable bus ride – rest of the bus just sat in silence with no one supporting me . How is this still acceptable ? ''
`` I 'm 16 and in my last year of school . Constantly the guys ( and girls ) in my friendship circle make sexist remarks . Most of the time they do n't realise they 're being offensive , most of the time it 's just 'banter ' . For example , the other day my male friend said to me if I wear shorts to this Halloween party they will 'rape me , oh but it wo n't be rape because I will like it ' . I responded telling them you should n't say things like that and I got called uptight … What is wrong with the world so that this is deemed OK ? I am scared of going to university when I am older . Not because of exam stress but because of the horror stories I have heard from friends and family . The horror stories of girls that have been subjected to assault for 'banter ' . I am scared . I am actually scared of being a female . ''
We urgently need to listen to these young women 's voices . These are just some of the stories we have received in in the past month alone . Though individual institutions are dealing well with events in some cases , we need to step back and see the bigger picture here . Until we do , and until this wave of violent misogyny is recognised as an urgent nationwide problem by University heads , the hundreds of the reports we receive from young women will continue to end in that same , bewildered question – how is this still acceptable ?
EDIT : We totally forgot to mention that we 're PC Gamer 's Indie Game of the Year for 2011 . Yeah . Oops . In celebration , we drew a wallpaper which they 're putting up at some point in the near future ; we 'll host it over here as soon as they give us the go-ahead .
Gaslamp News
We have outgrown our offices , and are moving again ! As previously briefly mentioned , the new offices have a spiral staircase and remind Daniel of the Ghostbusters ( no pole though… yet ) . I interviewed for a job in this building eleven years ago , back when Black Box Games was still an independent studio and before they were purchased by EA . The thought of now renting an office , for Gaslamp , in the same building … is a little mindblowing .
I also have a giant mechanical clicking keyboard of doom now . It 's extremely noisy , and everybody else in the office hates it . I love it .
Dredmor News
Now that things are a little more organized on the Odin front , and now that our days are no longer a giant sink-hole of meetings and job interviews , we 've found some time to finish pushing that patch out the door . A beta should be floating through the IRC channel any day now ; at that point , we 'll have a week of testing , and then we will push everything to Steam , Desura , and the Humble Bundle . The current changelog is below the cut , as well as a handful of Odin teasers .
FIXED : Invisibility now works as it says on the tin .
FIXED : Blackjack works again .
FIXED : Added a flag to targetHitEffects that lets them apply before , or after , the target combat calculation .
FIXED : “ Playing for Both Teams ” achievement now works .
FIXED : bookshelf crashing bug w/bony wand recipes
FIXED : Some timing exploits .
FIXED : A number of load/save corruption issues .
FIXED : Uberchests not opening after you load and save .
FIXED : You can now load more than one mod on OS X .
FIXED : The Mace of Windu now uses the correct art .
FIXED : Item spawning on levels 11-15 now works correctly . Additionally , mods can now create items up to Level 20 .
FIXED : Installing all the skill mods will no longer overflow the main mod loader screen .
FIXED : Area of effect related crashes .
FIXED : manTemplateDB.xml now loads in a mod .
FIXED : Crash when doubly polymorphed .
FIXED : You can no longer eat your own belt by right-clicking it .
FIXED : You can now start the game with pants .
FIXED : Magic reflection now reflects missile spells .
FIXED : Game now remembers which mods have been loaded .
FIXED : Invisible Geometries may finally work as intended .
MECHANICS : Changes to combat ordering . The new combat ordering is as follows :
If you dodge , no damage .
If you crit , and your opponent counters , no damage . If you crit and your opponent blocks , normal damage . Else , critical attack .
If your opponent counters , counterattack !
If your opponent blocks , 1/2 damage .
Else , normal damage .
At present , this only affects melee combat .
UI : Ubercrafting now has filters and a grid mode .
NEW CONTENT : some new rooms .
NEW CONTENT : about a bajillion new , evil traps .
UI : Autosaves now auto-save once every 5 minutes in addition to before going down ( and up ) stairs .
Upgraded SDL to version 1.2.15 , fixing the bad things that happen on OS X ( and no doubt introducing new bad things . )
Rewrote the entire audio engine . This is going to end well .
Removed all of the SDL_Image code .
New features for modders :
Scale : the ability to scale damages/effects in spells by a primary and a secondary stat
Randomized Resistance and Damages for Items
Generic Item Classes for Sacrifices
Removal of Buffs by Name
Counter , Block , Dodge , and Critical Hit Triggers
Booze and Food Consumption Triggers
Monster Cast on Death Triggers .
Taxa can now be applied to specific monster types , not just the species category .
Monsters now have per-type item drops .
Project Odin
And here are your Odin teasers for the day :
Shortly after the Texans fired Ryan Mallett , Aaron Wilson managed to get an unknown ( now former ) teammate of Mallett 's to say a few words about the quarterback . It was not flattering .
Now , Wilson has even more from Mallett 's former comrades in arms . Whether this is simply more from the same player who spoke to Wilson in that first story or thoughts from additional Texans is unknown . Again , the player or players who spoke to Wilson spoke on the condition of remaining anonymous . And like the remarks from the first story , the latest quotes paint Mallett in a poor light and tell a tale of a player who repeatedly -- not just the two times Mallett claimed -- failed to show up for work on time .
`` Ryan clearly just did n't get it , '' said one Texan , speaking on condition of anonymity . `` How can you miss the flight ? That 's ridiculous and disrespectful to just not show up when everyone else is here ready to go . `` That makes you question whether they cared at all about what we 're trying to do or what kind of problems he 's dealing with . He 's immature . ''
`` With them being late so much and how they acted sometimes , it definitely makes you wonder what 's going on with him , '' a former Texans teammate said . `` It makes you worry about him . Obviously , something like this makes it tough for them to get on with another team . He 's got to make some changes , or their football career will be over . ''
As that last quote implies , Wilson reports that `` [ a ] few former teammates raised the question of whether Mallett needs professional assistance . '' The next paragraph in Wilson 's story documents Mallett 's 2009 arrest for public intoxication and Mallett 's admission of past drug use to NFL executives at the 2011 NFL Combine , so the implication of what Mallett might require `` professional assistance '' with seems clear . It must be mentioned that there were never any public reports of Mallett misbehaving during their three years in New England , and any speculation that they did something wrong while in Houston beyond chronic tardiness and not being the best teammate they could be is just that -- speculation .
Nevertheless , the fact that the question was raised by multiple teammates , coupled with their past transgressions , does not bode well for Mallett . Whether it 's a simple case of Ryan Mallett needing to grow up or something much more serious , it 's difficult to imagine another team voluntarily deciding to bring this sort of baggage onto its roster .
Is it possible Ryan Mallett 's NFL career ended on Tuesday ?
Titans vs Texans coverage
LOS ANGELES ( CBSLA.com ) — The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power is trying to set an example on how to reduce water use amid California 's fifth consecutive year of severe drought .
The DWP has , for example , installed drought-tolerant plants and fake grass at its substations .
“ We stopped watering the grass to do our part to save water , ” a sign at the South LA substation says .
But a CBS2 investigation found the water has not stopped flowing outside DWP buildings . Rather , the DWP has installed sprinklers to soak its fake grass for minutes at a time .
The seemingly superfluous watering has angered neighbors who say they 've taken pains to reduce their own water use amid the threat of citations . The DWP has stepped up its enforcement of heavy water users this year , issuing more than two dozen financial penalties to homeowners in the first four months of the year , according to reports .
“ They 're quick to fine us for certain things : over-watering or whatever , ” said Amber Gordon , who lives near the DWP 's South LA substation and has let their formerly green lawn turn brown to save water . “ That kind of raises questions . ”
On a recent Thursday morning , CBS2 's David Goldstein witnessed sprinklers running for six minutes , soaking fake grass outside the South LA substation . Even an area completely devoid of grass — real or fake — was inundated by water from sprinklers .
The excess water ran down the sidewalk and toward the street in an apparent violation of city code stating , “ No customer of the Department shall use water in a manner that causes or allows excess or continuous water flow or runoff onto an adjoining sidewalk , driveway , street , gutter or ditch. ” Such runoff is prohibited even for recycled “ gray ” water .
Substations in Studio City and Los Feliz were also found to be outfitted with sprinklers set in artificial turf .
So , why is the DWP letting so much water go seemingly to waste ?
“ We 're rinsing the grass to make it more sanitary , ” said Richard Harasick , director of water operations at the DWP .
The department said it waters fake grass at 10 locations for a few minutes a week , water use it said is allowed under current water-use ordinances .
Harasick said leaving the turf unwashed leaves a foul smell in the air .
“ We 're really just trying to wash out the dog pee , ” they said .
T.O.P ‘ s weed partner that was mentioned in the stories about their mess is reportedly Han Seo Hee , a former Jellyfish Entertainment trainee .
The female trainee who smoked marijuana with T.O.P is reportedly Han Seo Hee Former Jellyfish trainee.https : //t.co/GVQAn5DU63 pic.twitter.com/qve3w7mBj1 — mes # TeamPinky ( @ OH_mes ) June 2 , 2017
But that 's not what 's important . No , what 's important is that they once commented this :
Han Seo Hee once commented `` You fcking bitches yes I hugged and kissed your oppas ㅇ you cant do anything about it right ? Losers '' pic.twitter.com/ROf9CK94dq — Crystal Jo ( @ _crystaljo ) June 2 , 2017
Well , all is forgiven .
Waiting for the day an idol that 's made their debut comes up with a response like this . Until then , Han Seo Hee will have to do .
Somebody sends me the link to their fan club .
ORICA-GreenEDGE to light up Santos Tour Down Under
An aggressive mindset and stage win aspirations will drive a strong seven-man ORICA-GreenEDGE squad at the Santos Tour Down Under starting next week .
Announced today , Australians 2011 Santos Tour Down Under champion Cameron Meyer , 2012 Vuelta a Espana king of the mountain Simon Clarke , 2013 Australian champion Luke Durbridge , 2014 national time trial champion Michael Hepburn and vital team leader and Commonwealth Games gold medalist Mathew Hayman will all line up in their home WorldTour race .
Joining them is New Zealand 's Sam Bewley and South African Daryl Impey .
“ The Tour Down Under is a big race for us , ” sport director Matt White said . “ We always look forward to racing at home for our Australian fans and putting on a show for them . This year will be no different . ”
“ The aim this year is to try and win a stage and to animate the action .
“ We might be going in without our defending champion but , like the national championships , it 's a time for our guys to step up and prove that we are a multidimensional team and that we can win at all stages of the year even without some of our key riders . ”
A strong ride by the team in yesterday 's Australian championship and Bewley 's impressive ride for fourth at the New Zealand championship sees White confident in the team 's form ahead of the first WorldTour race of the season .
“ Everyone in our team raced on Sunday except for Daryl Impey and they all proved they have prepared well over the past couple of months and are ready to chase the goals we are going to set for the Tour Down Under , ” White said .
“ Daryl is coming from South Africa , so they are coming from summer as well , has been to the race multiple times before and is also looking for a strong start to the season .
“ I am really happy with the group we have assembled . ”
Despite much speculation about 2015 Australian road race silver medalist Caleb Ewan , White says the team is looking at the bigger picture for their neo-pro sprinter .
“ Caleb has a program that I am very confident will get them wins during the season , ” White explained . “ Yes , they are in great shape at the moment , but they have only two weeks until they races again in the Cadel Evans Classic . ”
“ We are definitely looking big picture for Caleb with their goals for the year and their long term future which is why they will not be lining up in Adelaide . ”
The Santos Tour Down Under begins with the People 's Choice Classic on Sunday , 18 January before the six-stage main race begins on Tuesday , 20 January .
Race director Mike Turtur is looking forward to the return of ORICA-GreenEDGE and past winner Meyer .
“ We ca n't wait to see ORICA-GreenEDGE take to the start line to compete , ” Turtur said . “ Being an Australian UCI WorldTeam ORICA-GreenEDGE has a huge fan base here and we know they will all be cheering roadside for their faveourite riders . ”
“ It is also great to see Cameron Meyer back in the mix and this year they will be joined on the start line by three other previous winners in Martin Elmiger ( 2007 ) , Luis Leon Sanchez ( 2005 ) and Michael Rogers ( 2002 ) . ”
ORICA-GreenEDGE at the Santos Tour Down Under :
Sam Bewley
Simon Clarke
Luke Durbridge
Mathew Hayman
Michael Hepburn
Daryl Impey
Cameron Meyer
Food For Thought
( FORTUNE Magazine ) – Say what you will about American food , at least we Yanks have n't afflicted the world with calamities like haggis , the Scottish staple made of boiled sheep 's stomach , or hakarl , an Icelandic offering of putrid shark . In fact , it 's hard to think of a down-home American recipe that would warrant inclusion in The Joy of Cooking a Dog 's Ex-Breakfast -- the obvious title for a collection of demented dishes like haggis . Unless , that is , you happen to know about the human-hair extract in U.S. baked goods , the crushed-insect residue in many of our foods , and the flavorings made with ... something unimaginable .
Those are n't contaminants . They are official ingredients that the food industry rarely tells us about . Some yuck factors are fairly obvious , such as the blue mold spores in Stilton cheese . But most are hidden , since it 's perfectly legal for manufacturers to lump additives such as insect extracts under the comforting term `` natural '' on food labels -- or simply omit them ( unlike artificial ingredients ) . How many times have you seen `` essence of squashed bug '' listed on a food package ?
Yet if you scan the label on , say , a container of strawberry yogurt , you may spot `` carmine '' -- a popular coloring concocted from insects . Used to give red , pink , and purple color to everything from ice cream to lipstick , carmine is made from a pigment called cochineal . Cochineal , in turn , is extracted from dried female insects that feed on a cactus found in Peru , the Canary Islands , and other places . The pigment builds up in the insects ' bodies ; after the six-legged moms deposit their eggs on the cactus and die , their rotting carcasses , along with the eggs and hatched larvae , are brushed off the plants , crushed , and then baked , boiled , or steamed to produce cochineal .
Carmine may not be yummy , but it is GRAS . That 's food-industry speak for Generally Recognized as Safe , a classification almost as all-embracing as `` natural . '' But skeptics say carmine can cause severe allergic reactions , and hence should be classified as CRUD -- Considered Really Unsafe to Devour . ( I just made up that category . ) Several years ago the Center for Science in the Public Interest , a consumer watchdog in Washington , D.C. , petitioned the FDA either to ban carmine or to require that manufacturers disclose its creepy-crawly source on labels . So far the agency has n't responded .
If you want to rid your diet of bug extracts , you 'll need to avoid not only reddish foods but also many shiny ones . Shellac , made from the excretions of insects , is used to glaze everything from apples to coffee beans . If you get really obsessed , you may starve ; blended-in insect remnants are everywhere . The FDA permits a typical jar of peanut butter to contain over 100 bug parts . A can of tomatoes can include one maggot or up to nine fly eggs .
But you 'll find stranger things than insect parts if you hack into the American cuisine 's heart of darkness . Perhaps the creepiest ingredient is l-cysteine . Sometimes derived from a human body part -- to wit , hair -- it seems to have come right out of The Mistah Kurtz Cookbook . ( It also can be extracted from feathers or produced synthetically . ) An amino acid , l-cysteine is used to enhance the stretchiness of dough , which facilitates its rapid processing by machines into cookies , pizza crusts , bread , doughnuts , bagels , and other baked goods .
Discovering whether a product contains stuff extruded from human bodies is n't easy . When I put the question to a spokesperson at Interstate Brands , which makes Wonderbread , Hostess , and other baked lines , they said , `` I 've no idea of the source . We do n't use enough l-cysteine to be interested . '' A Sara Lee spokesperson snapped that there was no hair extract in their company 's products but declined to say how they knew . A spokesperson at Puratos Group , a Belgium-based supplier of bakery ingredients , was friendlier : `` Very commonly l-cysteine is from human hair , '' they conceded , `` but I 'm 99 % sure that ours comes from duck feathers . ''
Oh , well . Next question : Whose hair do we eat , anyway ? Industry experts say most human-derived l-cysteine comes from Chinese women , who , in a case of life imitating O. Henry , help support their families by peddling their tresses to small chemical-processing plants scattered across the People 's Republic .
The baking industry 's hairy little secret takes the cake for weird , but among all consumables , cigarettes stand out as richest for bizarre ingredients . According to tobacco industry documents divulged in court cases , various brands of cigarettes include cocoa , pine oil , bee 's wax , prune juice , cognac , vinegar , beet juice , apple skins , butter , flour , yeast , maple syrup , urea , skatole , and several hundred other additives .
To those with a smattering of chemistry , skatole is the most startling -- it is one of dung 's key components . ( Do n't freak : The skatole added to consumables is synthetic . ) To flavorists , the fact that cigarettes are spiked with simulated essence of excrement does n't seem odd at all . At low levels , skatole actually smells nice . Indeed , it is often added to jasmine fragrances and flavorings , says Frank Fischetti , a senior flavor chemist at Wynn Starr Specialty Foods & Flavors in Allendale , N.J .
Similar olfactory paradoxes are at work in perfumes , says Fischetti . Rose-scented fragrances often contain small amounts of civet absolute , an extract from the anal scent glands of civet cats , weasel-like creatures of Asia . Yet `` when you taste concentrated civet , it reminds you of fecal matter , '' they add . Taste it ? `` In the old days we got civet from Asia , '' says Fischetti . `` It came packed in water buffalo horns . One of my jobs was to tell if it really was civet . You had to taste it to make sure . '' ( Instruments now do the job . )
Civet was once widely used in meat flavorings , cheese , and other foods . Like skatole , its role is to help blend a mix of flavors or fragrances together . But today a cheaper synthetic version , civetone , has replaced the real thing in most products except high-end perfumes .
One member of the scatological fragrance family has n't yet been synthetically replicated : castoreum . Extracted from beavers ' anal musk glands , it is sparingly used to impart a `` smoothing and rounding note '' to raspberry flavorings . Which raises an issue that 's been crying out for attention for several paragraphs : How did things like beaver excretions find their way into food in the first place ? We 'll let that one cry itself to sleep ; we would n't want to spoil your appetite .
It 's time for Neil Patrick Harris to hang up their production credits in exchange for a pair of 8-inch heels , as Playbill reports he 'll star in the Broadway premiere of Hedwig and the Angry Inch next year . Who says you need a mommy and a daddy if daddy can do it all ? !
“ I am simultaneously ecstatic and terrified to be stepping into Hedwig 's heels , ” NPH said in a statement . “ It is truly a once-in-a-lifetime role and I ca n't wait to begin the journey . ”
The new adaptation of the musical comedy will star NPH as Hedwig , the fictional transgender rock ‘ n ' roll singer-turned-cult-phenomenon after John Cameron Mitchell originated the role both on stage and in film . Though it seems like nobody could nail “ The Origin of Love ” like JCM himself , they sound optimistic . “ Who better to pass the wig to but the finest entertainer of their generation ? ” , they said in a statement .
The musical 's Off-Off Broadway production managed to rack up a handful of awards—including Obies for John Cameron Mitchell and composer Stephen Trask—but will it translate well on the Great White Way ?
Tell us what you think in the comments below .
Trending Topics ( the # TT 's ) are like the daily Oscars of Twitter—the most popular things people are tweeting about at any given moment .
The Controversy : Thousands of people have accused Twitter of censoring topics at times , most recently , people are saying Twitter censored # OccupyWallStreet .
The Problem : Twitter has done a terrible job of educating people about how # TT 's work .
In my experience , 95 % of people do n't understand how trending topics are selected .
What you need to know :
► Trends Are NOT Always The Most Popular Things Being Tweeted About .
► Twitter Sometimes Removes Still-Popular Topics From Trending .
► Political Tweets Sometimes Suspiciously Stop Trending .
► Twitter BLOCKS Some Tweets From Counting Towards Trending Topics .
► Twitter Has A “ Secret Formula ” For Selecting Trending Topics .
► Twitter Does Censor “ Obscene ” Topics—And Plans More Censoring .
1 . Trending Topics Are NOT Always The Most Popular Things People Are Tweeting About :
Weird , huh ?
But for a topic to become a trend , it actually has to meet several criteria beyond just being “ popular : ”
► It has to have no foul language in it .
► It has to be popular with a lot of people in a short period of time—it has to “ peak ” in popularity .
► Total tweets AND the total number of people tweeting BOTH matter . But unless there are tweets from a lot of people—what Twitter calls “ widespread popularity “ —total tweets will NOT matter .
But that 's still not enough to become a trend ! Even when a lot of people are tweeting about something , it wo n't become a # TT unless it also meets one of these other criteria :
It has to be a new topic that has never been popular before , or… It has to be a previously popular topic that has become popular with a new group of people .
So lots of tweets is not enough . And lots of people tweeting is not enough . A topic also has to be newly popular , or popular with a new group of people , as determined by Twitter 's automated algorithm .
2 . Why Twitter Removes Still-Popular Topics From Trending :
Some popular topics stay on the # TT list for a long time because more and more new people start tweeting about them . But some topics continue to get tons of tweets for a long time , yet are removed from the # TT list quickly—because no new people begin tweeting about them .
The same people saying the same things will NOT keep a topic trending .
The classic example of a very popular topic that is NOT a # TT is Justin Bieber . # Bieber tweets are virtually always popular on Twitter , but it 's always the same people tweeting .
3 . Why Twitter Stops Some Tweets About Political Events From Trending .
This is a very frustrating feature of how Twitter 's algorithm selects Trending Topics . Political events ( or topics ) can become deselected from the # TT in several ways :
► An event becomes “ old news ” before it happens
Scenario : People begin tweeting about the event in the days beforehand , and it becomes a # TT . But by the time the event arrives , it is “ old news , ” and unless a lot of new people begin tweeting about it , it wo n't be on the # TT list anymore .
When # OccupyWallStreet trended everywhere worldwide , but not in the United States people said Twitter censored it . Did they ? No , because actually it had previously trended in the U.S. , and now there were no more new people in the U.S. talking about it—the new people talking about it were elsewhere in the world .
► An event fails to “ peak ” in popularity
Scenario : Thousands of people tweet about a topic . If the tweets are all sent out in the same few minutes , it could easily become a # TT . But if those people send their tweets out over the course of several days , the topic will likely not trend .
► It was n't blocked—you just missed it
I see this all the time . Topics trend briefly , then the algorithm determines they are no longer really “ peaking ” and so they are removed . And then people say “ Why is n't this trending ? ” It did trend , but you missed it .
► But I have proof Twitter censored something !
Okay , but I 've checked many such claims , and in each case , a much simpler explanation was obvious . Plus , every “ proof ” I 've ever seen has been based around how many tweets are being sent , and trending is not just about the volume of tweets . ( Plus , if Twitter really wanted to censor something…would n't it want to hide the tweets themselves ? )
4 . Twitter BLOCKS Some Tweets From Counting Towards Trending Topics :
► Twitter counts people more than tweets
Remember , Twitter 's algorithm counts how many people are tweeting about something—not just total tweets . So the same person tweeting 50 times about the same topic can be counted as “ one person tweeting repeatedly about the topic ” instead of “ 50 tweets about the topic . ”
Twitter even says it could suspend your account if you “ Repeatedly Tweet the same topic/hashtag without adding value to the conversation in an attempt to get the topic trending/trending higher . ”
► Twitter does n't show all tweets in search results .
Tweets that do not show up in Twitter search results wo n't be counted towards making a topic begin , restart or continue trending . Reason tweets go missing can include :
Your profile has no name or bio . Your account was just created . You have almost never tweeted before . No one has ever responded to your tweets—you do n't converse , are never retweeted and never mentioned .
Even in these cases , most or all tweets will still be shown in search . But some might not . Read more about how Tweets go missing here .
► Some Tweets are penalized !
Do NOT do any of the things listed below ! Not only will your tweets possibly NOT count towards trending topics , you could even have your Twitter account suspended :
Adding one or more topics/hashtags to an unrelated Tweet in an attempt to gain attention in search . Repeatedly Tweeting the same topic/hashtag without adding value to the conversation in an attempt to get the topic trending/trending higher . Tweeting about each trending topic in turn in order to drive traffic to your profile , especially when mixed with advertising . Listing the trending topics in combination with a request to be followed . Tweeting about a trending topic and posting a misleading link to something unrelated .
5 . What Is Twitter 's Secret Formula For Selecting Trending Topics ?
While Twitter does n't reveal the exact formula , they have provided some details about how # TT 's are selected . The main things to remember are :
► Twitter may count total people tweeting more than total tweets .
► Twitter counts topics that are newly popular . This means topics must be “ breaking ” or “ peaking ” in order to trend .
► Topics that have been popular for awhile will not trend again ( or will not keep trending ) unless new people begin tweeting about them in large numbers in a short period of time .
► If Twitter allowed simply whatever is being tweeted about the most to always trend , large groups could dominate the trending topics all the time . In fact , this is what used to happen before Twitter implemented its algorithm . The main group that dominated the # TT 's was…Justin Bieber fans .
Twitter says :
“ Twitter Trends are automatically generated by an algorithm that attempts to identify topics that are being talked about more right now than they were previously . “ The Trends list is designed to help people discover the ‘ most breaking ' breaking news from across the world , in real-time . The Trends list captures the hottest emerging topics , not just what 's most popular . Put another way , Twitter favors novelty over popularity… ”
6 . Why Twitter Will Be Censoring MORE Trending Topics In the Future .
As first reported on the TweetSmarter blog , Twitter is considering censoring “ clearly offensive ” topics in the future .
Bonus : What Areas Can You View Twitter Trends For ?
You can click to view what 's trending worldwide , what 's trending in your country , or what 's trending in your local area . Here are a couple of examples of country choices and local choices in the U.S .
World Trend Areas U.S . Trend Areas
Click either image to enlarge
► TIP : Want to save this post to share later ? Just copy this link :
http : //bit.ly/TrendSecrets
Or… click here to tweet it now 🙂
Originally written Oct 2 , 2011 . Last updated Apr 26 , 2016
According to the Canada Soccer 's rules for sanctioned USL teams that have MLS parent clubs , there is a requirement to give more than half of the available minutes to Canadian players .
What does that mean ? TFCII and WFC2 — affiliated with Toronto FC and the Vancouver Whitecaps , respectively — are required to give an average of 540 minutes per game of playing time to Canadians over the course of the season .
Nearly halfway through their 32-games USL schedules , TFCII and the WFC2 are n't at the 540-minute target . The Whitecap ' affiliate is n't that far off , at 474 minutes per game through 14 games , so there is n't really a need to set off the warning bells , yet .
But , in TFC 's case , there should be some cause for concern . The Reds ' affiliate is just under 400 minutes per game . TFCII has played 15 games already . So , to get to the 540-minute average by the end of the season , the team will need to give Canadians an average of about 700 minutes per game over the final 17 matches of the season .
That 's a big ask . It 's doable ; but with each passing week that TFCII fields a team that falls short of 540 Canadian minutes , the hole gets a bit deeper .
Canada Soccer issued the following statement :
“ Teams are monitored by Canada Soccer throughout the season to ensure that they are respecting the conditions of sanction to play in a cross-border league . We acknowledge that various factors have to be considered on a game-by-game basis and work with the teams in ensuring that Canadian content is adhered to over the playing season . ”
The Montreal Impact have an affiliation agreement with the USL 's Ottawa Fury — but the Fury is regarded as an independent club .
Human rights groups have united in calls for Kiev to conduct forensic analyses of corpses from mass graves uncovered in E. Ukraine to learn what happened to them . But like four other tragedies , scant progress has been made in bringing the truth to light .
“ We are aware of the reports about anonymous burials in Donbass , in particular as reported by the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission , ” Maja Kocijancic , a European Commission spokesperson , told RT . “ Clearly there needs to be an independent investigation in line with international standards which should include forensic examination . It is too early for us to speculate on exactly what has happened here or on who is responsible . ”
Kiev , however , has been reluctant to join the investigation launched by the OSCE despite agreeing that a “ thorough examination ” should be carried out . At the same time , militia forces have reportedly accused Kiev of ignoring proposals to set up a three-sided international committee that would also involve European experts .
The anti-government militia in Donetsk blames Kiev 's army for committing mass killings . But the central government denies the accusation , saying that its armed forces have never been stationed in the region where the graves were found .
Rows of fesh graves . Some ( many in fact ) bear no name . Yet to find out who is buried here . # Donetsk # Lugansk # Ukrainepic.twitter.com/cDaNfegqXa — Maria Finoshina ( @ MFinoshina_RT ) October 6 , 2014
Donetsk chief medical examiner Konstantin Gerasimenko told RT that “ All of them [ the victims ] had multiple gunshots and their hands were bound . ”
This case is only the latest in a series of tragedies Kiev authorities have either been unable or unwilling to investigate properly , with nearly two hundred innocent civilians , Ukrainian and foreign , counting amongst the victims . Months after the atrocities , those responsible are yet to be brought to justice .
Maidan deadly shooting
February , 2014 was the bloodiest month of the long-lasting anti-government uprising that first hit the Ukrainian capital in November last year . Tens of thousands of people took to the streets of Kiev and occupied the city 's central Maidan Square to protest after the government rejected a key integration deal with Europe .
The situation significantly escalated in the beginning of 2014 and reached its climax on February 20 – Maidan 's deadliest day . Over 100 people – both protesters and security forces – were killed and nearly a thousand were injured in a shooting by unidentified snipers .
A month after the shooting , Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet spoke to EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton . In the leaked conversation , they suggested that the snipers who shot at protesters and police in Kiev were allegedly hired by Maidan leaders . Paet also told Ashton that “ the new coalition ” did not want “ to investigate what exactly happened . ”
In April , almost two months after the shooting , Ukrainian prosecutors arrested several Berkut riot police officers as possible “ Maidan snipers . ”
The investigation , however , seems to have ended there .
READ MORE : Reuters investigation exposes ‘ serious flaws ' in Maidan massacre probe
In September , one of the arrested Berkut commanders , Dmitry Sadovnik , went missing after they were released from pre-trial detainment by the court and put under house arrest . According to the prosecutor 's statement , the suspect escaped `` aiming to avoid punishment . ''
Last week Reuters published the results of its examination , which analyzed Kiev 's probe into the February Maidan shootings .
The news agency 's reporters uncovered “ serious flaws ” in the case against Berkut officers . About 70 families of Maidan victims still demand `` an objective and accurate investigation . ''
Odessa massacre
By mid-March mass protests swept through eastern Ukraine , where residents opposed to Kiev 's coup-imposed government demanded a referendum to decide on the future of the region . By May the southern city of Odessa was gripped in rallies , which often evolved into violent clashes between pro- and anti-Kiev protesters .
READ MORE : Odessa massacre probe falsified ? Parliament inquiry member blasts ‘ redacted ' results
On May 2 the same confrontation led to a tragedy that left nearly 50 people dead and about 250 injured , as nationalists burnt a protester camp and then set fire to the Trade Unions House with anti-Kiev activists trapped inside .
Five months after the deadly tragedy , RT contacted the EU Council to determine how the investigation was progressing .
In their letter , spokesperson for EU External Action , Maja Kocijancic said : “ The investigation must be swift and transparent , free of political influence . It should bring to justice all those guilty of illegal acts and violence . ”
None of those responsible for the crime , however , have been identified . While Kiev did present its report on the massacre , the document was allegedly falsified . A member of the Ukrainian parliamentary probe into the Odessa massacre retracted their signature under the document , saying that it had been heavily redacted after they signed it . “ I can not agree with this document , ” the official said .
Russian journalists killings
By summer the uprising in south-eastern Ukraine developed into a military conflict , with Kiev launching its so-called anti-terrorist operation to fight rebel fighters in Donetsk and Lugansk , two regions seeking independence from Kiev .
Journalists covering the conflict subsequently became accidental victims of what many experts and politicians described as Ukraine 's civil war .
READ MORE : In the line of fire : Journalists killed and abducted in Eastern Ukraine
Very few details are known about the deaths of Russian journalist Igor Kornelyuk and sound engineer Anton Voloshin , cameraman Anatoly Klyan or photojournalist Andrey Stenin . All of them were killed while covering the often fierce military engagements in the Donetsk and Lugansk regions .
Despite requests from Russia , Kiev has made little effort to find those responsible for the deaths of the reporters . Both rebel fighters and Kiev army troops have blamed each other for the deaths .
Lugansk city shelling
Since Kiev launched its “ anti-terrorist operation ” to curb opposition forces in Donetsk and Lugansk , it has deployed heavy artillery to target civilian areas .
READ MORE : UN : 3,660 killed , 8,756 wounded in Ukraine conflict since April
At some point , deadly strikes at hospitals , schools and residential areas started to become a daily occurrence .
This video below shows one such instance when an administration building in Lugansk was bombed from the air .
This is just one of many cases which has never been investigated . Kiev has denied its forces were responsible for such incidents , blaming the shelling and bomb attacks on rebel fighters .
The UN said on Monday that it is “ keeping track of various investigations , ” RT was told during a briefing in New York .
U.S. Army Special Forces soldier nicknamed 'Cowboy ' secures an airstrip during an operation August 28 , 2002 in the town of Taloquan in Northern Afghanistan . Photo by Scott Nelson/Getty Images
Over the past 16 years , a profound transformation has been underway in how America wages war . Starting under George W. Bush after 9/11 , and accelerating under Barack Obama and Donald Trump , Special Operations Forces—once a small , secretive subset of the military used for highly specialized tasks—have been transformed into the primary instrument of American military power and foreign policy . In the process , they have been put in an impossible position .
In a 2013 report for the Council on Foreign Relations , Rand Corporation scholar Linda Robinson outlined this already well-advanced trend when they noted , “ [ Special Operations Forces ] have doubled in size and been deployed more often and for longer periods than ever before . They have more generals and admirals leading their ranks—almost 70 , compared with nine a dozen years ago. ” And according to a recent TIME magazine report , there are currently 8,000 members of these forces deployed around the world at any given moment , up from 2,900 in 2001 .
Often known by the abbreviation SOF , Special Operations Forces is the umbrella name covering the gamut of commando and unconventional warfare units across the armed services . These include the Navy SEALs who carried out the Osama bin Laden raid in 2011 , Army Special Forces like the kind operating in Africa—where four * Americans were killed in an ambush this October—and a bevy of other elite units and their support personnel . On one hand , these fabled operators have become the crown jewels of the armed forces , oohed and aahed over by the public and policymakers alike . But at the same time , they 're increasingly used like a utility tool—inside the SOF community , they call it an “ easy button '' —one that can supposedly fix every kind of disorder and conflict in every corner of the world .
The changes come at a price—to the idea of the military as protector and executor of democratic politics , rather than its substitute , as well as to the special operators and their families , who are being pushed to the breaking point .
“ SOF has become the US version of the French Foreign Legion , ” said an Army Special Forces sergeant with over 25 years of service—who requested anonymity as they did not have permission to speak to the press . They were referring to the quasi-mercenary French military force that is separate from its national army and made up almost exclusively of non-French citizens . “ The legion being ultimately a force that is not French . Ma and Pa in Paris or wherever , they do n't care if a bunch of Legionnaires get killed somewhere around the world because they 're not French anyway . That 's what SOF is like now . ”
Of course , the people who make up SOF are a class apart by choice—that 's the point of volunteering for elite units . But for soldiers like the one who spoke with VICE , being anointed emblems of American power has made them less visible as actual Americans . At a point , a professional warrior caste becomes indistinguishable from an army of foreigners . Their purpose is to be no one 's sons and daughters .
The glory awarded SOF operators in movies and at public spectacles , divorced from any wider sense of shared sacrifice , only makes their existence more remote . As the writer Matt Gallagher , an Iraq veteran , put it last year , “ The mythos of Special Operations has seized our nation 's popular imagination , and has proved to be the one prism through which the public will engage with America 's wars. ” We engage mostly through a kind of celebrity worship—you too can dress like an operator and feel contempt for beta males—and the forms of cheap adulation available in popular books and film .
Consider this fact from the TIME piece : For the first time ever in 2016 ( and again so far in 2017 ) , more special operations troops were killed in action than conventional forces . The article notes : “ Special Operations forces now make up nearly all US combat casualties , despite making up less than 5 percent of the total force. ” That 's out of the less than one percent of the population that serves in the military in the first place . In other words , the operational burden of American foreign policy now rests on the backs of one twentieth of half of one percent of the American people .
Special Operations Forces are relatively cheap and unencumbered compared to conventional ones . The organizational culture is flexible enough to be thrown at everything from counter-terrorism to diplomatic tasks—and mature enough to be left on its own , trusted to find at least temporary solutions . Individually , these are defining strengths , but taken together they 've created the illusion of a unified strategy where none exists .
And the same qualities making Special Operations Forces such an effective and attractive tool for policymakers present drawbacks . Retired general Stanley McChrystal , who served most of their career in SOF , was instrumental in expanding its role and influence before scandal pushed them into early retirement . In 2010 , they warned , “ That 's the danger of special operating forces . You get this sense that it is satisfying , it 's clean , it 's low risk , it 's the cure for most ills . ”
War is getting more special but less political . That may seem appealing , what with the state of American politics these days . But depoliticizing warfare cuts it off both from oversight , accountability , and the very purpose of politics , which is to broker solutions short of armed combat . A number of different factors have converged to cause this trend : A proliferation of drones and forms of automated attack—cyber and otherwise . The rise of private armies . The increasingly targeted nature of military operations in which , as army veteran Brian Castner wrote , “ War is reverting to a perversion of classical single combat [ and ] … after a century and a half of industrial anonymous bloodshed , the individual is key. ” None of this foretells less war or that it will no longer serve political interests , only that those interests will become more opaque and less responsive to the polity .
And Trump , who is drawn to “ his generals ” by an esteem for military pageantry and the appearance of strength , has shown a particular aversion to articulating the kind of clear strategic goals that could discipline the use of SOF and restore it to a balanced place in the spectrum of foreign policy options .
“ The Trump admin [ istration ] may uniquely overvalue the military compared to diplomatic and other resources , ” one Democratic congressional staffer with knowledge of the Armed Services Committee , who requested anonymity as they were not authorized to speak in an official capacity , told VICE . “ But even if there was a different administration in office now , there 's still a broader trend that any executive will rely on SOF not only because of their utility in the mission but because they offer the advantage of being subject to less public scrutiny and less Congressional scrutiny. ” What Trump inherited is a highly adaptive , highly lethal military force that could be sent nearly anywhere—and was already almost everywhere—to deal with nearly anything , and with little public criticism until things go wrong .
In the past year , they have repeatedly gone wrong .
First there was the raid in Yemen . On the night of January 29 , at the end of Trump 's first month in office , one Navy SEAL was killed and three were wounded in a raid on an al Qaeda-affiliated compound in Yemen . A subsequent military investigation found up to a dozen civilians were also killed in the raid . President Trump responded to the news by publicly distancing themselves from the operation and blaming the death of Navy SEAL William `` Ryan '' Owens on their generals . In fact , according to the Congressional staffer who spoke with VICE , the White House had an unusually high level of involvement in the raid 's organization . `` The process by which that raid was approved and executed was n't the traditional process that was used by the previous administration or most other administrations , '' they told me . `` It circumvented the Principals Committee at the NSC [ National Security Council ] and instead it was a hodgepodge of more political actors from the West Wing reviewing and approving that raid . '' ( The White House and Pentagon did not respond to requests for comment for this story , but the thrust of these criticisms was aired in a letter sent by multiple members of Congress to the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in February . )
Yemen was followed by Niger , where , in early October , four * soldiers were killed—two of them Special Forces soldiers and two others support troops serving alongside them—and two more wounded in an ambush . SOF 's mission in Niger is , as VICE News has reported , one of many ongoings in Africa , where the US military presence has been rapidly expanding and , according to TIME , now occupies 15 percent of Special Operations Forces . Yet the scope of the American presence in the country was news to a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , Lindsey Graham , who told NBC 's Chuck Todd in October he 'd had “ no idea ” about it . `` I did n't know there was 1,000 troops in Niger , '' Graham said , adding , “ we do n't know exactly where we 're at in the world militarily and what we 're doing . ”
Thousands of individual terrorist and insurgent leaders have been killed since 2001 in less publicized versions of the SEAL team raid on Osama Bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan . Infrastructure has been destroyed , networks have been disrupted . And yet , in Afghanistan , the Taliban is arguably more powerful than ever and the global jihadist movement remains resilient . In August , Foreign Policy '' s Micah Zenko noted that , “ Despite more than 200 JSOC ( and occasional CIA ) airstrikes over the past eight years , the State Department 's estimated strength for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula grew from 'several hundred members ' in 2010 to 4,000 fighters now—a force size it has maintained for the past half-dozen years . ”
The fact that America is not winning its wars is hardly the fault of the special operations forces it increasingly relies upon to wage them . They 've had some incredible successes with the missions they 've been given . But it shows limits of what a SOF-centric approach can accomplish , and the costs of over-reliance on them .
Special Operations Forces are overworked , over-deployed , stretched thin , and even “ fraying , ” as former Special Operations commander General Joseph Votel put it in 2014 . And there are signs that this is already leading to tragic results . Lurid scandals . Allegations that SOF members massacred civilians in Somalia—the Pentagon says it has investigated and refuted this claim but congressional hearings are still set to be held . And , less dramatically , allegations about standards being lowered to increase numbers that echo perennial concerns in elite units but seem to have become more vehement lately .
David Maxwell is the associate director of the Center for Security Studies at Georgetown University and a retired Army Special Forces colonel . In an interview , they focused on the lack of a coherent and unifying national security strategy as the fundamental problem affecting Special Operations Forces and the military at large .
“ There 's a lot of great people out there doing a lot of great things , achieving a lot of tactical effects , but it 's really the orchestration of strategy that we are just not good at , ” Maxwell said .
They pointed to the ongoing human rights nightmare in Syria as a prime example . “ What we 've seen in Syria and a lot of these places is the employment of SOF to demonstrate that we 're doing something . ”
It 's easier to keep “ doing something , ” pressing the easy button again and again , when it 's only the legionnaires dying .
* Correction 12/12/17 : Because of an editing error , a previous version of this story suggested three Americans were killed in Niger this October when in fact four were . The story also previously said three special forces soldiers were killed , when in fact two special forces soldiers and two support personnel were killed . We regret the errors .
Follow Jacob Siegel on Twitter .
TRENTON -- A New Jersey man convicted of having sex with a 12-year-old girl is to be freed from prison -- and can not be retried -- after an appeals court found that `` fatal '' mistakes made at the trial left the verdicts unintelligible .
The Appellate Division of New Jersey Superior Court overturned the conviction and 15-year sentence of 37-year-old Dennis Conover of Manalapan . The Asbury Park Press reports Conover 's record also is to be wiped clean .
Conover was indicted on more than 20 charges and convicted of three sexual assault-related counts in May 2014 .
Their girlfriend , Mary Ellen Deane , was separately convicted of having sex with the same 12-year-old and was sentenced to 15 years . But the appeals court ruling does not affect their case .
The girl , now 16-years-old , testified during the trial to multiple sexual acts with Conover and Dean , and Conover claimed in a statement to law
enforcement that they participated in only one incident , officials said .
The appeals court found in a decision released Monday that in Conover 's case , Superior Court Judge James M. Blaney and prosecutors failed to make clear the specific allegations linked to each charge , leaving jurors to sort it out .
The judges said the trial errors made it impossible to determine which allegations Conover was convicted or acquitted of . `` The verdict sheet did not distinguish at all between the identically-worded counts , '' the appellate judges wrote .
Because of this uncertainty , they ruled , Conover can not be retried without violating double jeopardy restrictions .
The court sent the case back to Blaney to dismiss the charges .
The judge did not reply to a request for comment . A trial judge 's many duties include issuing jury instructions to guide jurors during deliberations .
Samuel Marzarella , chief appellate attorney for the Ocean County Prosecutor 's Office , acknowledged `` defects '' in the indictment issued by the office , but said the prosecutor is exploring whether to appeal the ruling .
The appeals court ruling referred to the defendant as `` D.C. '' The newspaper said Marzarella would not confirm that `` D.C. '' was , in fact , Dennis Conover . The Press said that , aided by John Paff of the New Jersey Foundation for Open Government , it traced an indictment number referenced in the `` D.C. '' appellate court decision to Conover 's 2014 conviction . And the docket number of Conover 's 2015 appeal also correlates with the appellate court decision .
Staff writer Alex Napoliello contributed to this report .
If you 've been following the news about that new survey of American Jews from the folks at the Pew Research Center , you 've probably heard the basics . The New York Times summed it up nicely : “ a significant rise in those who are not religious , marry outside the faith and are not raising their children Jewish . ”
There 's one more thing you need to know : It 's not true . None of it .
A “ rise in those who are not religious ” ? Wrong . More Jews marrying “ outside the faith ” ? Wrong . More Jews “ not raising their children Jewish ” ? Wrong .
Click for more on the survey .
No , not wrong as in “ I think there 's a better way to interpret those numbers. ” Wrong as in “ incorrect. ” Erroneous . Whoops .
Mind you , most of what 's in the study seems solid , from what this reasonably informed layperson can tell . It just so happens that Pew made an honest mistake in one highly visible spot , and that is what grabbed the headlines . Then the reporters made a few mistakes reading the material . The result was what you saw : a dark portent of doom .
Take away the errors , and you get a very different narrative . It would go something like this : Despite decades of warnings that American Jewry is dissolving in the face of assimilation and intermarriage , a major new survey by one of America 's most respected social research organizations depicts a Jewish community that is growing more robustly than even the optimists expected .
Over the past quarter-century ( it continues ) , the data show a community that has grown in number . Intermarriage leveled off in the late 1990s after rising steadily through much of the 20th century , and has remained stable for the past 15 years .
By some measures , Jews appear to be increasing overall levels of Jewish practice and engagement . Most surprising , significant numbers of children of intermarriage have grown up to become Jewish adults , far exceeding even their own parents ' intentions .
If things are so good , why do they look so bad ? Simple . After calculating its data , Pew compared its findings with an earlier survey to see where things were headed .
Unfortunately , they picked the so-called National Jewish Population Survey 2000-01 , best remembered as a multimillion-dollar botch job . Its release had been delayed two years to allow two separate reviews by outside experts . The confidential reviews were devastating . This was not a useful data point .
A critical misstep in 2000 was a decision to set aside interviewees with “ weak Jewish connections ” and not bother asking them detailed questions about Jewish identity . One result was a falsely upbeat picture of Jewish commitment and practice . Another was the disappearance of most Jews who claimed “ no religion. ” You can guess the rest .
When Pew compared its findings with NJPS 2000-01 , researchers were shocked to discover a huge increase in Jews answering “ none ” for religion . Pew 's total in 2013 was 22 % . The records from 2000 turned up 7 % . Conclusion : Jews were abandoning religion .
That should have rung an alarm . Fifteen percent of a highly visible and vocal religious community , three-quarters of a million people , quietly losing their religious faith inside a decade ? How could that happen ?
The answer is , it did n't . For a reality check , go back to an earlier survey , NJPS 1990 , which was highly regarded in most respects . Of 5.5 million Jews it found , 20 % chose “ none ” for religion . Given a 3 % margin of error , that 's the same as 22 % . There 's been no rise . None .
What has risen is the total number of Jews . Pew counted 6.3 million Jews this year . It also offers a second possible figure , 6.7 million , which includes children who are being raised Jewish “ and something else. ” This causes some confusion . Adults of Jewish parentage who practice Judaism “ and something else ” — usually Christianity , occasionally Buddhism — are n't included in the Jewish population .
But kids — hey , you never know how they 'll turn out , right ? So you ca n't just write them off statistically . Experience shows that some will grow up to be Jewish .
It makes sense to use a working total somewhere in the middle , around 6.5 million . Up from 5.5 million . That 's an 18 % increase in a quarter-century when America 's population grew 26 % . We were supposed to be declining .
Also increased , surprisingly , are rates of Passover Seder attendance , fasting on Yom Kippur , Sabbath candle-lighting and kosher food observance . Some of the increase can be explained by the growth of the Orthodox population , from 7 % to 10 % . But that covers less than half the rise .
One of the biggest surprises in the Pew survey is how many children of intermarriage actually grew up to be Jewish . In the 1990 survey , 28 % of intermarried couples said they were raising their children as Jews .
In 2013 , a generation later , at least 43 % of those children grew up to be Jewish anyway . And why not ? In a world where half-Jews like Gwyneth Paltrow , Ryan Braun , Scarlett Johannson and Drake proudly identify as Jews , Jewish is cool .
It would be a mistake to see the picture as entirely rosy . Adult children of intermarriage who identify as Jews are split roughly evenly between Jews by religion and Jews of no religion . By contrast , adults with two Jewish parents identify with religion by a 7-to-1 margin .
This is significant for several reasons . Non-religious Jews tend to have a far more ambivalent tie to Jewish identity . They 're only half as likely to say that being Jewish is important in their lives , that they feel themselves to be part of a Jewish community or that they feel a special obligation to other Jews in need . Only one-third of those with children say they 're raising them as Jews .
On the other hand , if we know anything about the future , it 's that we ca n't know the future . Back in 1990 , only 28 % of half-Jewish children were supposed to end up Jewish , yet nearly half did . Will the children of today 's non-religious Jews turn out the same way ? Who knows ?
Besides , we know a great deal about what non-religious Jews do n't do or believe , but very little about what they do . Nearly all the survey tools for measuring Jewish behavior describe religious rituals . Non-religious Jews obviously score low .
But we get hints , and they 're intriguing . For example : We know that as interfaith marriages grow in raw numbers , their children increase as a proportion of both religious and especially non-religious Jewry . That should increase the downward pull of non-religious Jews ' ties . And yet the proportion of non-religious Jews who fast on Yom Kippur has more than doubled since 1990 , from 10 % to 22 % .
The lead technical advisor on the 1990 survey , the distinguished Brown University sociologist Sidney Goldstein , wrote in the 1992 American Jewish Year Book that with low birthrate , aging , high intermarriage and few intermarried couples raising Jewish children , “ there seems little prospect that the total core Jewish population of the United States will rise above 5.5 million . ”
In fact , they wrote , it 's “ more likely that the core population will decline toward 5.0 million and possibly even below it in the early decades of the 21st century . ”
Like I said : Whoops .
Contact J.J. Goldberg at goldberg @ forward.com
Help the Forward find the 94 % . Tell us the stories of today 's proud American Jews . Tell us who they are , describe what they do that 's important to all of us and we may feature them in an upcoming issue .
Let us know your name , your email , and the name and story of the person you are submitting in the form below .
This story `` Pew Survey About Jewish America Got It All Wrong '' was written by J.J. Goldberg .
The other day I posted this tweet :
“ Wait they cast a white chick for Tiger Lily in the new Peter Pan ? Did they not remember Lone Ranger last year ? Or , you know , racism ? ”
( If you did n't hear , Rooney Mara is supposedly playing Tiger Lily , who is a princess of the “ Native ” tribe , in the reboot . )
I got tons of Tweets agreeing with me , and then a lot of Tweets like this as well :
“ I agree they should n't screw around with classic characters . Oh wait they cast a Black Guy as Human Torch . ”
“ Are you actually retarded ? Black men were cast to play Heimdall and the Human Torch , why are n't you complaining about that ? ”
Well , no sir , I 'm not “ retarded. ” Thanks for asking . But from the general tone of the responses ( most were civil , for the record ) , seems like there are lot people upset about black people replacing white people in the Marvel Universe . And they consider that issue a valid counter-argument to my comment about Tiger Lily 's casting . ( I guess because they think both have “ changing canon ” in common ? )
I 'd like to clear up some stuff here , especially with regards to my initial tweet :
I am not upset about Tiger Lily , a role originally written for a Native American female character in the book , being cast as white because it upsets the canon . Screw canon . I am upset about a role that was expressly written as a female minority being given to white actor instead . And here is why .
Most lead characters and lead actors of movies are white . Period . I even dug up a recent study to back that up , like this is some fucking term paper or something : Across 100 top-grossing films of 2012 , only 10.8 % of speaking characters were Black , 4.2 % were Hispanic , 5 % were Asian , and 3.6 % were from other ( or mixed race ) ethnicities . Just over three-quarters of all speaking characters are White ( 76.3 % ) .
( In referring to “ speaking characters ” , I also assume that 's counting judges and store clerks and taxi drivers with just a line or two . You see a lot of casting stick minority characters to check the boxes of “ yeah , we had diversity , look ! ” So we 're not even talking about opportunities to carry the whole movie here . )
Another thing to note from the study : “ These trends are relatively stable , as little deviation is observed across the 5-year sample. ” Gee , no movement towards reflecting the country or world we live in ! Fantastic .
Bottom line , actors of ethnicity do n't get a lot of work to begin with . And that very fact creates a scarcity in the number of actors of different ethnicities to choose from when casting . It 's a chicken and the egg syndrome . In what instance can you point out a role where a Native American actor has a chance to be a lead in any movie ? Almost none . So why chase a dream that does n't seem like it could come true , because the system would never allow it ?
It 's a self-perpetuating reality we live with , so the only way to change it is to break the norm , and cast more leading characters with more diversity . At the very least give roles that are intended to be ethnically diverse to ethnically diverse actors , I mean , BARE MINIMUM , PEOPLE .
So for me , the opportunity to give a leading role that could be a Native American , a possible protagonist role that the audience could relate to and live the story through , to a white actor , is kind of shitty and backwards to me . And that 's why I posted my initial tweet .
To compare Tiger Lily being cast as a white woman to Human Torch or Heimdall being cast as an African-American is not equivalent , because I do n't think this issue is about violating or adhereing to “ lore , ” I think it 's about providing more representation . And that 's why I think that the Human Torch being cast as African-American is an awesome thing , because that move evolves Hollywood and storytelling and the Marvel universe .
Remember in the past , lead characters were most likely written as white in the first place , because they were created in an even more white-centric world . Fantastic Four debuted in 1961 , segregation was outlawed in 1964 . You ca n't say that the culture at large at the time did n't influence the creator 's choices when making these characters ! Fast forward fifty years , the culture at large NOW does n't match up with the lore from before , and we should be open to changing it .
Tiger Lily , in the book , is actually portrayed in an EXTREMELY racist way . But hey , it could be a great opportunity to re-invent the character as a Native American to be proud of , rather than dodge the issue entirely , and take the role away and give it to a white woman .
Why NOT re-imagine Tiger Lily so that the audience can fall in love with and admire a woman of color ? Or reimagine a superhero as an African-American , one among a TON of white ones we see every day ? Let 's show the audience that they can live through anyone 's eyes !
We have to make an effort to change the pattern of only seeing stories through white characters ' points of view , so that in the future , diverse protagonists are just a given . So that we can have heroes and villians and judges and love interests of all backgrounds , and not have to point it out as “ look how special this is ! ” Evolving stories and lore is a GOOD THING FOR OUR WORLD .
And bottom line , if you feel so disenfranchised by one role out of TONS of roles being changed up ethnically , if you are saying you ca n't possibly relate to a character who is another race from you , well , I think that 's more a problem of your own than anything else . But do n't worry , the stastics say you 'll have lots of other entertainment for your point of view to choose from . Around 75 % , actually . Hooray , I guess ? : /
So yeah , I guess that 's my expansion on my previous 140 character Tweet , haha . Happy weekend !
Transport Canada is investigating a `` significant '' number of concerns over Ford Focus and Fiesta models after owners reported their cars acted erratically , in some cases jerking forward or stopping suddenly .
The federal department opened what it calls a `` defect investigation '' in February 2016 . As of Oct. 20 , it had received complaints from 128 Canadians about the transmission in some 2011-2016 Ford Fiesta and 2012-2016 Ford Focus vehicles .
One of those complainants is Jordan Bonaparte , a Halifax man who bought a new Focus in early 2013 as they and their wife awaited the birth of their son .
`` I do n't think it 's safe to be on the road , '' they said .
'The car would jerk forward '
Bonaparte wanted a vehicle that was safe , reliable and worry-free . The Focus was sold as an automatic , so the couple had no idea it was run by a manual transmission that shifted automatically with the help of a computer . That means the driver has a traditional automatic shifter with park , reverse , neutral and drive options , while the computer does the work of operating the clutch and shifting gears .
Bonaparte said , about a month after the purchase , the car started rumbling when they accelerated .
`` It would go from bumping to , all of a sudden , the car would jerk forward five or seven feet , '' they said . `` The biggest issue at first was my fear of hitting the car in front of me or slowing down and having the car behind me hit me . ''
When stopped on an incline , the car would also roll backward as Bonaparte tried to move forward .
3 replacements
The Ford dealership gave them differing reasons for the problem , they said .
`` It had to do with multiple drivers of the car [ or ] it was normal operation of the transmission , '' Bonaparte said .
Jordan Bonaparte was provided with this replacement vehicle while they awaited the third transmission replacement in their 2013 Ford Focus . ( Yvonne Colbert/CBC )
With approximately 45,000 kilometres on the vehicle , Bonaparte was waiting for their third transmission or clutch replacement when they spoke to CBC News earlier this month .
They said the prior two replacements gave them about a month of fairly smooth driving until the problem started again .
The problems were so bad after the last replacement that they and their wife stopped driving their three-year-old son in it .
'They fear for their safety '
Bonaparte and their wife are n't alone . Toronto lawyer Ted Charney says they are preparing a national class action lawsuit against Ford over what they call a `` transmission defect . ''
Charney said their firm has been contacted by 1,000 Canadians , some of whom they say have had their transmission replaced as many as seven times .
`` All of the calls are pretty much the same , '' Charney said . `` They fear for their safety , they do n't want their family in these cars . ''
Charney , who estimates there are 150,000 affected vehicles in Canada , said there are also class action lawsuits underway in the U.S. and Australia .
Lawyer not aware of injuries or fatalities
He 's not aware of injuries or fatalities because of the problem , but has received `` a number of complaints from people who have been in accidents which they attribute to the defects in this vehicle , because the vehicle lurches forward or it does n't proceed forward when they step on the pedal to accelerate or it suddenly stops . ''
`` Many of them have been in situations where they have almost had an accident , '' they said .
Like some of Charney 's clients , Ford offered Bonaparte a discount on the purchase of a new vehicle . Charney said that 's not enough .
`` What people have to decide now is whether to park the car or get rid of it at a very low price or just keep driving it and taking their chances . I mean , it 's a very difficult situation . ''
'It 's only a matter of time '
Bonaparte said he 's been asking for a rental for three years but only got one recently as they waited for their third transmission replacement .
`` Only after speaking to you — and letting Ford know that I was speaking with you — did they agree to offer me a rental car , something that I 'd been asking for since the first transmission was replaced , '' they told CBC News .
They think Ford should recall the vehicles .
`` It 's only a matter of time before someone 's killed , '' Bonaparte said .
Company says it 's discussing solutions
​Ford Canada said it takes customer concerns seriously and is `` committed to investigating those concerns and responding to our customers . '' Spokeswoman Michelle Lee-Gracey said in an email that the company continues to discuss solutions with Bonaparte .
Transport Canada says anyone with a concern about vehicle safety should report it to them .
It 's in the process of separating driveability and service-related issues on the Ford models from those that are safety-related , such as loss of propulsion , according to an email from a Transport Canada spokesperson .
President Trump has hinted at deconstructing a trade deal with South Korea . Geopolitical “ experts ” clutch their pearls at the possibility of President Trump targeting S-Korea at the same time that North Korea threatens the region .
WASHINGTON – President Trump confirmed Saturday that they were talking with advisers amid reports that they had instructed aides to prepare to withdraw the U.S. from its free trade agreement with South Korea . “ I am . It 's very much on my mind , ” Trump told a reporter covering their day trip to Texas and Louisiana when asked if they were talking to advisers and would do something in the coming week . ( more )
Media pundits join in deep sighs of concern . Oh noes , they did n't ..
CTH laughs .
People need to get their mind right with the entire principle behind ‘ America-First ' and looking out for America 's best interests . It was n't so long ago that South Korea was snarking back at POTUS Trump , the United States and were dismissive about paying for THAAD missile defenses etc .
Given the nature of the less than appreciative prior position by Moon Jae-in , what better time is there to renegotiate a trade deal with South Korea than the exact moment when South Korea is in a heightened state of vulnerability ?
Do you really think President Trump is going to give up moments when U.S. transactional leverage is the highest ? Just to keep polite diplomatic appearances ? Where was the national security foresight of Moon Jae-in when they were snarkily dismissing the security offered by the Trump administration ?
This fundamental disconnect on when leverage is greatest , and when to use it , is why people continually miss President Trump 's instinctual capability as an apex predator . This fundamental truism also highlights the ridiculous nature of those who use historic prisms to view a modern president who is staunchly ‘ Ameria-First ' .
If you want us on your team , we do n't arrive without terms for our participation . Period .
Is it nice to leverage South Korea 's President Moon Jae-in when he 's at their most vulnerable ? Probably not . Are we concerned about ‘ nice ' given the nature of the recent lack of appreciation ? Not-so-much . Is it brutal to leverage a better U.S. trade outcome against the backdrop of the current national security situation in Southeast Asia ? Possibly . So what ?
Additionally , when the defender of liberty shows their Apex Predator tendencies , there 's another benefit… .
….Do you think NATO and European Allies are not paying attention to what happens when Moon Jae-in takes President Trump 's U.S. defense , protection and financial interests for granted , meanwhile there 's a carnivorous ‘ bear ' on their own doorstep ?
Think about it as more trade deals are later negotiated .
South Korea is finding , as I have told them , that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work , they only understand one thing ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) September 3 , 2017
South Korea is also finding that the United States is not a reliable ally any longer–you threatened them with a trade war yesterday . https : //t.co/XeTUVbfeoG — Brian Klaas ( @ brianklaas ) September 3 , 2017
This is not an opportune moment for the President of the United States to embarrass South Korea and threaten it with a trade war . — Jeffrey Goldberg ( @ JeffreyGoldberg ) September 3 , 2017
South Korea has been dealing with NK for decades . Trump has only been doing so for 7 months . Maybe they should listen more . https : //t.co/Wb30D6qCG1 — David Corn ( @ DavidCornDC ) September 3 , 2017
US withdrawal from South Korea trade deal is wrong at any time , but plainly stupid at this time . Allies in crisis . https : //t.co/FJCkSIMLYQ — Carl Bildt ( @ carlbildt ) September 3 , 2017
Trump Plan : “ Scare North Korea into submitting to me . ”
Trump Result : “ Scare South Korea into appeasing North. ” — David Frum ( @ davidfrum ) September 3 , 2017
This is no time to lecture South Korea or suspend free trade agreement . Best way to deter North Korea is to stand firmly with Seoul+Tokyo . https : //t.co/IfxnmVZCC3 — Nicholas Burns ( @ RNicholasBurns ) September 3 , 2017
What TV screens in South Korea and Japan look like right now . pic.twitter.com/WLpj4VErQ5 — Steve Herman ( @ W7VOA ) September 3 , 2017
No better time to strike a better trade deal folks . Leverage , we have the best leverage . No better time .
Advertisements
File Photo : Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran ( Press Trust of India )
The Maran brothers , once a powerhouse in Tamil Nadu , own assets worth hundreds of crores - 740 crores of which have been seized today as part of a money-laundering case .
The CBI says that in 2006 , Dayanidhi Maran , as Union Telecom Minister , misused their office to engineer the sale of telecom Aircel to Malaysia 's Maxis Group . A criminal case that accuses Mr Maran of corruption and conspiracy alleges that in exchange , Maxis paid `` illegal gratification '' worth more than 700 crores , a part of which was allegedly invested in a media company that is part of the Sun Group , owned by Mr Maran 's brother , Kalanithi .
A separate case of money-laundering has been filed against the Marans by the Enforcement Directorate which said today that a fixed deposit worth 100 crores in the name of Kalanithi Maran is among a series of bank accounts and properties that will be seized against nearly 750 crores of `` illegal gratification '' that was received by the media baron 's companies via Mauritius .
`` The money has been utilized by the companies in their business or investments , '' said a statement by the Enforcement Directorate , which is investigating the money-laundering charges . Mr Maran and Maxis have repeatedly denied any wrongdoing .
Mr Maran is a leader of the DMK which is mired in multiple financial scandals . Its A Raja , who replaced Mr Maran as Telecom Minister , is being tried for criminal conspiracy and corruption for allegedly giving mobile network licenses and free airwaves to companies who bribed him . The CBI began investigating the Aircel-Maxis case in 2011 after allegations that Dayanithi Maran , as Telecom Minister , refused to sanction key permits for Aircel owner C Sivasankaran ; a concerted campaign then allegedly coerced the entrepreneur to sell their firm to Maxis , which is owned by Malaysia 's second-richest man T Ananda Krishnan .
What began as the Crystal Dairy back in the early half of the 20th century is now a completely renovated loft apartment building , and at the moment , the place I call home . While it 's difficult to find exact dates on this building , a branch of the Carlyle Dairy was established in Medicine Hat in 1913 . It would seem that that was this building , as in 1917 they became the Union Milk Company , which included Crystal Dairy .
The Crystal Dairy brand was known for ice cream , but milk was delivered door to door from this dairy up until the sixties . The vintage images I 've posted below show the horse drawn delivery carts in the 1930s and the milk trucks in the 1950s . My parents actually remember the Crystal Dairy making deliveries as kids , although I believe it was bought out and operated by larger companies throughout its lifetime .
In the nineties the building was refurbished and expanded to create loft apartments , and another floor was added in 2010 . You can still see some of the faded painted signage on some of the original brick . In my opinion , it 's now one of the nicest apartment blocks in the city , and certainly has some of the best character . The original boiler is still in the basement , and a large fire escape on the opposite side of the building is popular with wedding photographers . It 's a rare example of a historic building embracing its past while actually becoming significantly better than the original ever was .
Crystal Dairy ca . 1955
Adding a new floor in 2010 .
Crystal Dairy ca . 1936
Malloy : $ 3.9B rail investment will bring billions in return , thousands of jobs
Last July D.O.T . Commissioner James Redeker , left , and Governor Dannel P. Malloy toured a new Metro North commuter train car following Malloy 's announcement on improvements for the New Haven Line at Union Station in New Haven , Conn. less Last July D.O.T . Commissioner James Redeker , left , and Governor Dannel P. Malloy toured a new Metro North commuter train car following Malloy 's announcement on improvements for the New Haven Line at Union ... more Photo : Brian A . Pounds / File Photo Buy photo Photo : Brian A . Pounds / File Photo Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Malloy : $ 3.9B rail investment will bring billions in return , thousands of jobs 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW HAVEN — Gov . Dannel P. Malloy is calling for $ 3.9 billion in rail upgrades , and promising a nearly 250 percent return on investment . But where the state will find the money is still up in the air .
On Friday , Malloy publicized a Boston-based Economic Development Research Group study forecasting that an overhaul of the New Haven Line could yield 4,000 to 6,000 construction jobs as the upgrades progress , and between 2,000 and 3,100 new permanent jobs .
Were the improvements to go forward , Malloy suggested that service could double during peak hours , cut travel time from New Haven to New York City by 15 minutes , quadruple the numbers of express trains and quintuple the numbers of local trains .
“ The New Haven Line has the potential to carry thousands of additional commuters , and do so at a faster and more frequent rate , ” Malloy said in a prepared statement . “ That means we will be far more attractive to businesses — our economy will benefit greatly from these investments . ”
The governor 's figures anticipate having four tracks in use at all times , rather than two or three at a time .
The economic study raises a slew of questions , such as how to shoehorn more commuter trains into an already crowded terminus in New York , as well as how to move trains faster in a corridor that as recently as two years ago saw a calamitous derailment .
More Information Malloy 's Metro-North Numbers Investment $ 3.0 BILLION Projected benefits $ 9.7 BILLION Business sales and output $ 6.2 BILLION Added gross state product $ 3.9 BILLION Added wage income $ 2.8 BILLION Construction jobs 4,000-6,000 Permanent jobs 2,000-3,100
Finding funding
The most obvious question the release raises is where the money will come from . Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle said rail upgrades would be a welcome , provided the state could find the money .
State Sen. Toni Boucher , R-Wilton , a ranking member on the General Assembly 's joint Transportation Committee , said they “ absolutely ” supported revamping the commuter corridor , but that there were still major pieces of information missing .
“ You ca n't pull money out of the air ; you have to have a way of showing where you 're going to fund it , ” Boucher said .
Sen. Carlo Leone , D-Stamford , said they had not had a chance to review details of any possible upgrades , but agreed that upgrades were all good news , as long as the money is available . They suggested that there were probably some federal dollars the state could tap into , but that Connecticut would likely have to pick up some of the slack .
Ultimately , said state Department of Transportation spokesperson Judd Everhart , funding would fall to the governor 's appointed Transportation Finance Panel .
In Bridgeport , home to a major commuter rail station , officials heralded the proposed upgrades .
“ It 's great news to us ; it 's more trains and shorter train times , ” said city spokesperson Brett Broesder .
Throughout Fairfield County , three suburban spurs are in need of upgrades .
“ The Waterbury and Danbury branches need new signalization and additional tracking for more service , ” said Everhart . “ Currently , trains need to be pushed or pulled by locomotives on those branches . ”
The third suburban spur , to New Canaan , is already electrified .
But not everyone along the New Haven Line , which parallels the Long Island Sound and Interstate 95 , was as sold on the governor 's figures .
Jim Cameron , a commuter advocate who works with the Commuter Action Group , said increasing rail service should obviate the need to widen the interstate — which Malloy has pegged as a priority .
Crowded tracks
“ The railroad parallels I-95 , and increasing rail service , making the stations more accessible , I think , would take the traffic off of I-95 , ” Cameron said . “ And I would put money into the rail first , I do n't think we need to widen I-95 . ”
There are also some major logistical hurdles . The Federal Railroad Administration ordered Metro-North to update trains to brake automatically in certain places . And train stations in New York can only accommodate so many trains . Cameron said moving trains faster would require new signalization .
Aaron Donovan , a spokesperson for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates Metro-North , applauded the idea of Connecticut investing in the New Haven Line , but added that congestion at the New York end could be an obstacle .
“ There are serious and significant capacity restraints in the 12 miles from Woodlawn to Grand Central — where the New Haven Line shares tracks with the Harlem Line and Hudson Line — that can not be overlooked , ” Donovan said .
While MTA has serious concerns about capacity within New York , Donovan said the utility would “ work closely ” with Connecticut officials to “ identify creative approaches ” to the issues .
Baby boys should be treated gently , says Dr Sebastian Kraemer
Baby boys who are taught to be tough are less confident and more aggressive , says Dr Sebastian Kraemer from London 's Whittington Hospital .
They told doctors at the Royal College of Psychiatrists ' annual conference in Harrogate boys were naturally fragile .
Parents should treat boys as gently as girls to compensate for this , they said .
In their lecture , The Fragile Male , Dr Kraemer said if boys were treated more like girls as young babies they would develop better social skills .
If you want a real man treat your baby boy as weak not as strong
Dr Sebastian Kraemer , child and adolescent psychiatrist at the Whittington Hospital
They said newborn baby boys lagged behind baby girls in most respects .
Boys were more likely to experience reading difficulties and have autism , Asperger 's syndrome and disruptive behaviour .
They got poorer examination grades , were more vulnerable to depression and were more likely to commit crimes than girls , they said .
`` If parents know that boys are a bit behind in their development and generally weaker in every way except muscle then they will do a better job than they are doing now , '' they said .
`` If you want a real man treat your baby boy as weak not as strong , then they will become strong . ''
Dr Kraemer said , by looking at research , the critical period appeared to be in the first month of life when the brain is still developing .
This is when parents should pay extra care , they said .
`` It means looking after your baby like a fragile creature not a little lump of muscle .
Tough love
`` If boys are treated in a tough slugs and snails way they are more likely to become football hooligans than generous , strong , courageous men . ''
They said mollycoddling hardwired self-confidence that was not based on bluster , but was genuine and did not need to be constantly asserted .
Dr Nick Barlow , consultant paediatric psychologist at Leicester Royal Infirmary , said : `` We know that boys who are brought up to be macho and to overcome anything that threatens them are more likely to get into trouble in adolescence and adulthood . ''
They said this was because men were more competitive and single-minded , and less likely to appreciate the other side of arguments .
`` They go straight forward for doing what they believe is right in their own eyes and they ca n't be seen to back down .
`` That is a dangerous , anti-social and not very understanding view of how to get your own way , '' they said .
`` The attitudes of the parents when the child is born are extremely important on how the child is going to integrate during school years and later on . ''
Updated ( 8:35 p.m. Saturday ) : Austin police chief Art Acevedo apologized for a comment they made during a press conference regarding the arrest of Amanda Jo Stephen , who was arrested Thursday after crossing the intersection of 24th and San Antonio streets .
In the press conference Friday , Acevedo said the public had overreacted to the incident .
`` In other cities there are cops who are actually committing sexual assaults on duty , so I thank God that this is what passes for a controversy in Austin , Texas , '' Acevedo said .
Acevedo said their comments were the result of a strenuous week for the department .
`` I attempted to place the arrest into context by bringing attention to the fact that law enforcement deals with many acts of serious misconduct , '' Acevedo said . `` In hindsight I believe the comparison was a poor analogy , and for this I apologize . ''
Updated ( 6:45 p.m. Friday ) : At a press conference held Friday , APD police chief Art Acevedo addressed the recent arrest of 24-year-old Amanda Jo Stephen , who was taken into custody Thursday after crossing an intersection at a red light . Stephen was formally charged with “ failure to identify ” and “ failure to obey a pedestrian control device ” and was released from Travis County Central Booking Thursday evening .
Acevedo said the arrest occured in the midst of a West/North Campus traffic initiative which began Feb. 1 . Acevedo said the initiative 's purpose is to reduce the number of traffic violations made by drivers , bicyclists and pedestrians .
According to Acevedo , 28 pedestrians were stopped and seven citations were issued specifically for disregarding pedestrian control devices Thursday .
“ Our goal is to change behavior , and not necessarily to write tickets or take people to jail , ” Acevedo said . “ This week , we 're actually focusing on pedestrian violations . The initiative will continue for some upcoming weeks , utilizing the resources of district representatives . ”
According to Acevedo , there have been 96 deaths related to pedestrian-involved incidents and 1,757 pedestrians injured in traffic crashes in in the past five years .
“ I 'd rather have everybody angry at me and my officers , then to see a young person lose their lives needlessly , ” Acevedo said . “ I 'd rather be up here talking about this , than going to our 97th fatality involving a pedestrian or 1800th injury involving a pedestrian . ”
When arresting Stephen , officers took the appropriate actions , Acevedo said .
“ I do n't buy that you ca n't hear an officer yelling at you to stop , ” Acevedo said . “ I 'll give the benefit of the doubt initially , but when the officer is right by you and can see the hat and he 's looking at your face , you should be able to know what 's going on . ”
Acevedo said Stephen disregarded the officer 's lawful request for them to identify themselves and verbally resisted the arrest .
“ All that young lady had to do when they were asked for their information was to provide it by law , “ Acevedo said . “ Instead of doing that , they decided to throw [ herself ] to the ground – officers did n't sit them down – and they did the limp routine . ”
According to Acevedo , Stephen was handcuffed after telling the officer not to touch them Acevedo said the public outcry following the arrest did not faze him .
“ Thank you lord that it 's a controversy in Austin , Texas that we actually have the audacity to touch somebody by the arm and tell them ‘ oh my goodness , Austin Police , we 're trying to get your attention , ' ” Acevedo said . “ Quite frankly , they are n't charged with resisting , and they were lucky I was n't the arresting officer because I would n't have been quite as generous . ”
Original Story ( Thursday ) : City police officers arrested a woman around 10:45 a.m. Thursday for failing to provide identification after they were stopped near the intersection of 24th and San Antonio , outside Big Bite Pizza and Grill .
Advertising senior Chris Quintero , who witnessed the arrest , said Austin Police Department officers were working at the intersection when the woman jogged across the block .
“ I was sitting at the Starbucks at 24th and San Antonio , ” Quintero said . “ Then I hear a cop shout at an innocent girl jogging through West Campus with their headphones on . ”
When the woman did not stop , the officer grabbed them by the arm and quickly placed them in handcuffs , Quintero said .
“ She repeatedly pleaded with them , saying that they were just exercising and to let them go , ” Quintero said .
In footage of the incident that Quintero filmed , the woman can be seen attempting to get up from the ground and being kept down by police officers .
“ I was doing nothing wrong , ” the woman said from their position sitting on the sidewalk . “ I was crossing the street . ”
When police escorted the woman into the police car , they began shouting and eventually shrieking unintelligibly .
“ I did n't do anything wrong . I did n't do anything wrong , ” they said . “ I did n't fucking do anything wrong . I just crossed the street . ”
Quintero said two additional officers on bicycles arrived on the scene to assist with the arrest . In footage , the officers can be seen working together to secure the woman in the back of the police car . According to APD spokesperson Lisa Cortinas , APD officers do not target jaywalking specifically , instead they focus on pedestrian and bike safety overall .
“ District representatives were working pedestrian enforcement at 24th Street and Guadalupe , ” Cortinas said . “ [ In this case ] , the call is titled failure to identify . ”
APD spokesperson Veneza Bremner said as far as they were aware , there was no concerted effort Thursday to ticket jaywalkers .
“ I do n't think there 's any initiative going on out there , but [ APD officers ] can go write tickets whenever they see a problem out there , ” Bremner said .
Bremner said officers occasionally patrol the area even when they have not been called to address a specific crime .
“ I 'm not sure how often they do it , but I do know that they 're out there every now and then doing that , ” Bremner said . “ Whenever the call load allows , they 're proactively out there . ”
UNIVERSITY PARK , Pa. — The two-hour delay that was in place today ( March 4 ) for the University Park campus has been extended and all activities on campus , including classes and exams , are canceled until 5 a.m. Thursday , March 5 .
Campus officials decided to cancel activities after looking at a number of weather-related factors . Given current conditions on campus , combined with the expected drop in temperatures later today , as well as the forecast predicting additional precipitation , the decision to cancel all activities was determined to be in the best safety interest of faculty , staff and students , particularly those who must travel a distance .
Scheduled activities will resume at 5 a.m. tomorrow and employees are expected to report at their next regularly scheduled reporting time . Only employees previously identified as performing essential services should report as regularly scheduled , unless advised otherwise by their supervisor .
Answers to frequently asked questions about University Park weather events , visit http : //news.psu.edu/story/181480/2014/11/24/penn-state-university-park-weather-faq .
By , 82
SAN JOSE – Steve Wozniak , one of the original co-founders of Apple , turned a “ fireside chat ” at the Embedded Systems Conference ( ESC ) here Tuesday ( May 3 ) into a spontaneous – and sometimes contradictory – critique of education , particularly math , science and engineering education , even suggesting that the American public schools have outgrown their usefulness.Wozniak , now chief scientist at Fusion-io , described American education as stagnant , obsessed with testing and destructive of creativity . They said children in American schools , crowded into large classes , where they are pressured to complete each inflexible unit in a prescribed time and measured by statewide and national standardized tests . “ They 're not allowed different ways to think ” and kids grow swiftly discouraged.Wozniak , who confessed that they spent some eight years in mid-career “ secretly ” teaching at the middle and high schools levels , said , “ By third grade , teachers can pretty much spot the kids who 've given up on education , for life. ” Although Wozniak noted that their children had attended public schools , they said , “ I actually think home-schooling is very , very good as an alternative. ” They encouraged middle-class parents – an accurate characterization of their standing-room audience at ESC – to send their children to private schools because “ every year , it seems like it 's getting worse. ” Ironically , Wozniak later heaped praise on a popular engineering competition for high school students – public and private – called FIRST Robotics , in which students compete for an eventual national championship in robot design . Wozniak has served as a judge for FIRST Robotics competition. “ Building something for yourself -- that 's the way the mind develops among engineers , ” said Wozniak . “ If they have it inside of them , that 's the one [ idea ] that 's going to last. ” In essence , Wozniak 's educational views tend to reflect their own experience as a lifelong autodidact , who could n't really wait to be taught according to any format designed by schools , teachers or even their father , who was a Lockheed engineer.His father , said Wozniak , pitched in and helped when Wozniak threw themselves into building , for example , a crystal radio , or winning a science fair . But it was young Wozniak who launched every project on their own , only turning to others for help when their “ dream ” exceeded their knowledge level. “ You 've got to be motivated , and the best reasons are internal , ” said Wozniak , adding a tongue-in-cheek thumbnail of himself . “ It 's better if you 're not into partying and you do n't have much chance of having a girlfriend or a wife. ” A self-described “ nerd ” treated as an “ outsider ” in school , Wozniak told EE Times ' interviewer Brian Fuller that they embraced the independence that their oddball status conferred on him . “ That independence made me think I can have very strange dreams , and start to believe that I could achieve some of them. ” Indeed , they did just that , serving in the creation of Apple as the nerdy partner to a more outgoing and marketing-oriented Steve Jobs . “ I wanted to do engineering , nothing else , ” said Wozniak , while Jobs wanted to become “ the world 's most important person someday. ” “ I did my best work late at night , alone , ” added Wozniak.This streak of iconoclasm clearly colors Wozniak 's view of education and embraces their view of management in technology companies . Too often , they said , “ creativity gets tamped down ” by production deadlines and quarterly earnings goals . They distinguished , in their discussion at ESC , between engineers who essentially follow orders and repeat patterns and the “ inventors ” who sneak off on their own to-do projects that strike their fancy.Ideally , said Wozniak , “ A large company can have little outposts of people ” working independently or in small teams , whose imaginations are allowed to run free . “ They 've got to be isolated from the rest of the company… Let them work on a project of their own . That 's a lot more motivating. ” Wozniak cited the example of Hewlett-Packard , where – before joining Jobs to start Apple -- they helped engineer that company 's hugely successful family of calculators . There , they said , HP 's respect for engineers ' individuality made the job “ the best of my life. ” “ Everyone who works for a company should be valued , ” they said . They pointed out that , when HP fell on hard times , the prevailing corporate ethic dictated that the company keep its workforce intact . Hence , rather than layoffs , HP asked its workers – and got their permission – to accept a temporary across-the-board ten-percent wage reduction and a four-day workweek. “ Call it socialism , ” said Wozniak . “ But I just wish every company could be that way… We all did a little less work and kept everybody in. ” It 's just as accurate to call Wozniak a socialist or an iconoclast . But the overarching philosophy that shone through Steve Wozniak 's ESC fireside chat can be applied equally , and loosely , to public education and private management . Show a little more respect for individual creativity , says “ Woz , ” and apply a lot less emphasis to standardized measurements .
Aside from a few famous names like Chris Kraft and Gene Kranz , the people who worked in NASA 's Mission Control during the space program 's glory days remain largely anonymous . But that does n't make their personal stories any less compelling than those of the astronauts inside the spacecraft they so closely watched over .
These flight controllers worked inside the “ Cathedral , ” the third floor of Building 30 in the center of the Johnson Space Center 's sprawling campus . They were always watching , running the missions and ready to make split-second decisions . Now a new book , Go , Flight ! , brings these flight controllers to life by providing an illuminating look at NASA in the days during the Gemini and Apollo programs , when the agency was more freewheeling and less buttoned down .
Above all , the dedication of these “ steely eyed missile men ” to their tasks stands out . Inside the doors of Mission Control it was all business . Was there really never any BSing ? “ Never , ” the book 's coauthor and long-time Flight Director Milt Heflin told Ars . But outside Mission Control ? They worked hard . They partied hard . And here are some of their stories .
John Llewellyn
Take John Llewellyn . “ You 've heard of work hard , party hard ? ” Heflin asks . “ There was no one back in the day who partied harder than they did . Nobody could keep up with him . But when they walked into Mission Control and closed that door , the party hard switch was off and they were a consummate , outstanding flight controller who you could trust . ”
Llewellyn was marked by their earlier service in the Korean War . Before they turned 19 , Llewellyn landed at Red Beach during the Battle of Chosin and months later joined the vicious fighting at the Chosin Reservoir . During freezing conditions , as Chinese troops circled the hill they were on , Llewellyn killed an enemy soldier that came into their foxhole . They then spent the night there next to the dead Chinese soldier .
Terry Salvi
Terry Salvi
Terry Salvi
Terry Salvi
Terry Salvi
Terry Salvi
Rick Houston
Llewellyn carried those memories into Mission Control . Short-tempered , sometimes profane , they were also perhaps the most brilliant flight dynamics officer NASA has ever known . And that position in Mission Control is responsible for the flight path of the vehicle .
The book recounts several Llewellyn stories , many of which seem stupendously out of place with today 's straitlaced space agency . Perhaps the anecdotes are all the more enjoyable because of this . The book tells one tale of when Llewellyn overslept a shift during the Gemini 5 mission in 1965 :
“ He raced into work , and after not being able to find a parking spot for their Triumph TR3 , drove up the steps to Building 30 and parked directly in front of the door . That stunt got their car pass yanked , but Llewellyn was not deterred in the least . They responded by parking a horse trailer across the street from the main gate and absolutely , positively rode their horse into work . That was Llewellyn , born a hundred years too late , a Wild West devil-may-care gunslinger if ever there was one . ”
Llewellyn died in 2012 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors .
Ed Fendell
Ed Fendell may have followed the most unorthodox journey to Mission Control given that their formal education consisted of a merchandising degree from a junior college in Massachusetts . They joined the Army Reserves while in junior college , and after graduation they signed up for the Air Force . Then they took an IQ test that changed their lives .
“ When they gave all this IQ test that they did , I was up at the top , ” Fendell says in the book . “ I did n't know I was smart . I had no idea . I got into air traffic control , and the next thing I knew , was first in my class. ” They worked for the Federal Aviation Administration after leaving the military , and from there Fendell landed a job with NASA to serve as a capcom officer at one of the remote sites . Before NASA had satellites to communicate with its spacecraft , it stationed teams around the planet to keep line-of-sight communications with the crew .
That was a time , during the Mercury and Gemini missions , when Chris Kraft and the other leaders of Mission Control were making it up as they went along . There were no books or training programs . And Fendell , formally trained only in marketing , fell into it . Everyone worked together , and when you screwed up , you learned from it and were n't expected to make the same mistake twice . Debriefings did n't occur in a space center conference room , Fendell recalls in the book , but rather in the Hofbraugarten German restaurant about 10 miles away in Dickinson .
“ The only people who went to that party were the flight controllers and the astronauts—no one else , ” Fendell says in the book . “ There was no ‘ I 'm bringing my girlfriend . ' You went down there , you drank beer , and everybody talked about you and they talked about all the shit that you did wrong . Everybody listened and heard and when somebody stood up there and said , ‘ That damn Fendell did the following thing'… You stood there and took it , or you packed up and went home . ”
Fendell learned , and they ended up at the INCO console during the Apollo missions . They were responsible for ensuring all data and voice communications between the ground and spacecraft were linked .
John Aaron
So why were the men from such disparate backgrounds in early mission control successful ? According to the book 's co-author , Heflin , it 's because they prepared so diligently . The story of the Apollo 12 launch and the actions of Flight Controller John Aaron illustrate this idea .
About 36 seconds into the flight of the second human mission to the surface of the Moon , lightning struck the rocket . However , flight controllers did n't know it at the time . What they did know is that they had lost data from the spacecraft as their displays stopped updating . Warning lights blared inside the spacecraft . It seemed like they probably would have to abort the mission , as the spacecraft was flying blind .
During all of this , John Aaron was watching from their EECOM station , which monitors the vehicle 's fuel cells and cabin pressure . As their mind turned over , Aaron recalled a test from more than a year earlier of a system inside the command module that was used to power up the spacecraft on the ground . Their mind clicked . When Flight Director Gerry Griffin asked them how their systems were looking , Aaron responded cooly , “ Flight , EECOM . Try SCE to Aux . ”
Griffin had never heard of that switch before . They did n't know where it was located . And in the middle of this chaos , Griffin was worrying mostly about when the best time to abort the mission might be . “ Say again ? SCE to Aux ? ” Griffin said . But they trusted their flight controller implicitly , so without further hesitation , the instruction was passed up to commander Pete Conrad inside the capsule . Conrad did n't know where the switch was either , but Alan Bean did . They flipped it . Data came flooding back into Mission Control , and they were able to reconnect fuel cells to the spacecraft .
Aaron had saved the day . “ That 's the only mission we can think of where a single individual made that kind of call , ” Heflin said .
After the incident , the great Chris Kraft , the original flight director who had written most of the original rules for mission control , came into the room . Aaron soon felt a hand on their shoulder . “ That was a great job , young man , ” Kraft told him . There was no higher praise , from no greater man , for someone working inside Mission Control .
Mission Control today
The book recounts the tales of flight controllers from 1965 to 1992 , the years the third floor flight control room was in operation . The last mission flown from that room was STS-53 , and the room is now designated a National Historic Landmark . Because of the time period , most of the stories in the book are about men , although the flight control rooms at Johnson Space Center have become a much more diverse place since then .
Heflin worries about their counterparts today . The size of flight operations at Johnson Space Center shrank 40 percent after the shuttle 's retirement in 2011 . When Mission Control tracks human launches , they are from Baikonur , in Kazakhstan , completely under the control of Russia 's Roscosmos space agency . And while the International Space Station requires care and vigilance , it 's more of a continual process rather than the cadence of regular missions .
“ Unfortunately , what it means for today is we 're not flying missions often enough or close enough together , ” Heflin said . “ What happened back during Apollo and carried into Skylab and into shuttle is there was always a battle rhythm at the Johnson Space Center and the Kennedy Space Center . We were flying or preparing for a launch continuously . I do n't know how you keep a team that crisp today by having these big gaps between flying . ”
Tim Murray by
T
onight we saw the Canadian version of Racists Getting Fired , only this time , it is Global TV News that is getting the `` racist '' outed and fired . An obviously inebriated Calgary man , `` Chad Pasloski '' fresh from a company party , is caught on camera verbally abusing an immigrant brown taxi cab driver with `` racist '' language . A Global TV reporter then goes to their employer and asks if they are aware of their employee 's behaviour . `` No , we were not aware of it . '' The employee is abruptly fired , and through their lawyer , offers a profuse apology to the driver , to the viewers , and to all the people they have hurt . How many times have we seen that movie before . Once every week ? Twice every week ? For how many years now ? The technique of— a US group which gathered 40,000 followers in just one month following its inception — is to take a screen shot of a `` racist '' comment made on Twitter , hunt down the identity of the `` racist '' commenter , establish where they work , then present a copy of the screenshot to their employer.Here 's where the blackmail comes in . If the employer does not take appropriate disciplinary measures , the company will be exposed for employing a `` racist '' . Facing the prospect of a consumer boycott or a precipitous drop in sales , the employer exacts the most extreme discipline in order to demonstrate its `` corporate responsibility '' and commitment to `` tolerance , diversity , and respect '' . The employee is summarily fired . Their previous contributions , their stellar performance on the job , their popularity among staff — all irrelevant . They are thrown to the wolves to protect the bottom line.Thus , with media complicity — free-lance shamers and outers are able to instill almost the same level of fear in the population that the KGB or Gestapo did . We do n't get sent to a concentration camp of course , we just lose our livelihoods , our social standing , and sometimes our marriages . And when we see more and more people suffering this fate , we do what the shamers want us to do . We pull in our horns , watch our mouths and withdraw even further into our private lives . That 's if there is a such thing as privacy anymore . Speaking of which , whatever happened to the respect for privacy rights ? Oh , I forgot . `` Racists '' have no rights . No right to privacy . No right to speak . Who 's gets to define what a racist is ? The `` anti-racists '' of course.The noose is getting tighter with each passing day . Each time a `` racist '' is fired , a celebration ensues , and more witch-hunters are encouraged to join the frey . Momentum builds . Result — mass hysteria . When the shoe was on the other foot in the fifties and sixties however , when it was the people on Left who fell victim to this kind of tactics in the McCarthy era , we never heard the end of it . It became one of the blackest chapters of American history . Now it is the Left which is orchestrating the persecution , and corporations which are its willing executioners.In this case , the employer , , justified the firing in the jargon that we have all become accustomed to . You know the rap , it goes something like this : `` This is a company that prides itself on the promotion of respect , tolerance , and accountability . We believe that all of us should be held accountable . We have a zero tolerance policy toward those who do not share our commitment to these values . '' The standard grovelling barf-bag apology , in other words.Consumer boycotts were the favourite weapon of Saul Alinsky — a pioneer of Cultural Marxist political strategy . I still have his , and for Cultural Marxists it was whatwas for Lenin . A handbook for conquest . Read it and you will understand how we got into this mess.Oh , the power of the marketplace .
Listening from Budapest to the Washington debate on whether President Trump leaked intelligence secrets to the Russians in a White House meeting attended by Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , as alleged in a Washington Post report , I 'm struck by the extraordinary number of people who have been jumping to conclusions — as from an ideological circus 's trampoline while also performing somersaults — in the discussions .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Jonah is an experienced performer on the trampoline when he 's in the mood , but I 'm starting with their most recent commentary — because he 's not in that mood on this occasion . In fact , theirs is the most sober and persuasive analysis so far of what happened and why from a Trump-skeptic standpoint , though that 's not as flattering a compliment as I would like it to be .
The “ why ” is important — and Jonah raises it by asking if the Post story is “ plausible. ” They conclude rightly that it is because Trump has shown on a number of occasions that they are boastful , impulsive , and anxious to display their mastery of affairs . And what better occasion to do this than when they are seeking to impress the Russians — an adversary they apparently wish to win round — by claiming that they have lots of good intelligence that would help them if they were willing to join the U.S. in a fight against their common enemies , ISIS and terrorism ?
Might Trump have gone too far in describing just how much they knew and how U.S. intelligence services had acquired the information ? Of course , from what we know of the president , they very well might have done . That 's why the report is plausible . And the credibility of Jonah 's argument is enhanced by the fact that they stop there , dismissing as “ resistance paranoia ” the idea that Trump was engaged in some sort of treasonous covert operation for the Kremlin . Again , rightly so .
Advertisement
Now , we come to the question . Okay , so the Post report is plausible . Is it true ? And here Jonah and others have to confront the firm and outright denials the report has received from the three leading U.S. national-security officials . These denials — they appear below — both flatly deny the overall story and dismiss particular points in it . It 's therefore elicited from skeptics two responses : that they do n't clear up the many unanswered questions that the story raises and that therefore the denials , though sweeping , may well be ( or for some people , probably are ) carefully worded lawyerly evasions .
Advertisement
Jonah raises a reasonable version of the first response and asks four questions about , in particular , the most comprehensive denial from National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster : “ Why not take any questions ? Why not address the details of the story ? Why deny things not alleged ? Why did intelligence officials urge the Post to withhold key details if this is ‘ fake news ' ? ”
Advertisement
My off-the-cuff replies are : ( a ) to avoid complicating the clear denial with endless extraneous points ; ( b ) see previous reply ; ( c ) to forestall criticisms that they had n't addressed obvious points ; and ( d ) because the Post sources were wrong in saying that Trump had revealed these things but these things were nonetheless intelligence secrets they wanted kept secret . Admittedly , my replies to Jonah 's questions are highly speculative , but that 's because neither of us know for certain what the accurate answers are . I 'm merely suggesting that there may be innocent answers to them .
I think we can be more confident , however , in rejecting the criticism that the final words of McMaster 's denial — “ I was in the room . It did n't happen. ” — were a lawyerly evasion . Admittedly , in the post-Watergate era , journalists have got used to playing linguistic philosophers when parsing political statements . The simplest technique on these lines is to ask : “ Well , that 's what they said ; but what did n't they say ? ” It 's a useful technique for keeping a story alive , moreover , because it sometimes seems as if there is an infinite number of things they did n't say .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But we should n't confuse logical possibilities with political realities . As a practical political matter , McMaster has said that the story is false , there 's nothing in it , and Trump did n't reveal intelligence secrets to the Russians . You ca n't spin “ I was in the room . It did n't happen. ” into a denial of something far less than that . If it turns out Trump did reveal intelligence secrets to the Russians , then McMaster will have lied to the country and their resignation will be just a matter of time — as also that of their two fellow-deniers , Dina Powell and Rex Tillerson .
Late-breaking new , however ! According to half the reporters and commentators in Washington , Trump has admitted exactly that and revealed their subordinates to be lying gamely on their behalf . Trump today tweeted in two linked tweets as follows :
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W.H . meeting ) which I have the absolute right to do , facts pertaining… . …to terrorism and airline flight safety . Humanitarian reasons , plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism . ”
Mr. Ryan , prepare the Articles of Impeachment . Or perhaps not . Let 's read those denials one more time :
Rex Tillerson : “ During President Trump 's meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov , a broad range of subjects were discussed , among which were common efforts and threats regarding counterterrorism . During that exchange , the nature of specific threats were discussed , but they did not discuss sources , methods , or military operations . ”
Deputy National Security Adviser Dina Powell : “ This story is false . The president only discussed the common threats that both countries faced . ”
H. R. McMaster ( in full ) : “ I have a brief statement for the record . There is nothing that the president takes more seriously than the security of the American people . The story that came out tonight as reported is false . The president and the foreign minister reviewed a range of common threats to our two countries , including threats to civil aviation . At no time , at no time , were intelligent sources or methods discussed . And the president did not disclose any military operations that were not already publicly known . Two other senior officials who were present , including the secretary of the state , remember the meeting the same way and have said so . Their on-the-record accounts should outweigh anonymous sources . I was in the room . It did n't happen . ”
Advertisement
But when the presidential tweets appeared , a thousand swords leapt from their scabbards to write that Trump had just openly contradicted their top three national-security officials . One or two commentators wondered when their resignations would be submitted .
There will be no need for resignations , however . Nor impeachment . Read all four statement above carefully . What Trump quite clearly does in their tweets is to confirm the statements of their officials .
All four statements say that in the meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov Trump discussed common threats facing both countries ; McMaster refers specifically to “ threats to civil aviation ” as being one of them ; Tillerson says the same of terrorism ; Trump mentions both of these specific threats ; all three officials deny the Washington Post story ; two of them flatly call it “ false ; ” and the import of Trump 's tweeting is that they discussed these things with the Russians as they had a right to do but not beyond that right .
So , what happened ? My guess is that when the Post story appeared , the first reaction of McMaster et al was to think , “ That did n't happen. ” But it would be followed by a slightly nervous feeling : “ OMG , could I have missed something the Old Man said . Better check the transcript. ” And McMaster 's summing up reads to me as if it was written after that check had been made and it confirmed their initial reaction . As things still stand , despite all the foaming and muttering about Trump 's tweets , the firm denial of the three national-security officials stands in the way of the Post story and the fiesta of anti-Trump passion it has kept going .
If that did n't happen , however , what did ? We can only speculate , naturally , but the Post 's sources and “ former national-security officials ” are as aware as the rest of us of Trump 's impulsiveness , boastfulness , and anxiety to impress . Listening in or hearing later about what transpired at the meeting , they might well wonder at some point , “ Was they supposed to reveal that ? Did they go off message ? Are they referring to this de-classified story or the one still under wraps ? ” And if either the officials or the reporters were disposed to consider Trump reckless and irresponsible — which is the default position in Washington — they might well conclude that Trump had said more , even much more , than they should have done .
Or — a third possibility — did they say more than they should have done , but less than the Post originally charged , and just little enough to justify the firm official denials ?
Is that what happened ? Neither Jonah nor I know . But it 's plausible .
Even Later Breaking News : McMaster 's press conference seems to me to suggest that the third possibility is the correct one .
Writers on the Range How Utah benefits from the national parks it neglects
Rodd Halstead
Sometimes you get your heart 's desire , and it 's too much . On May 23 , the Utah Highway Patrol had to close the entrance to Arches National Park after traffic got backed up for five miles on the highway into nearby Moab .
Southwest of Arches , Zion National Park and its gateway town of Springdale also suffer from too many visitors and too little money to manage the impacts of the crowds . Zion has seen an annual 28 percent increase in visitation to around 3.2 million visitors a year . Arches National Park was up 19 percent in 2014 , and will likely match that increase this year .
The spiking visitor numbers may be partly attributed to a $ 12 million dollar advertising campaign , launched by the Utah Office of Tourism and specifically focused on Utah 's national parks . The multimedia ad blitz , known as “ The Mighty 5 Campaign , ” is designed to bring out-of-state visitors to southern Utah . The tourism office claims that for every dollar spent on its ad campaign , $ 5.90 in income will flow to state businesses , and $ 960 million will return through local and state taxes .
Swamping Utah 's national parks with visitors may boost local business traffic , but it also stresses the region 's gateway communities . Local citizens complain that the state has yet to dip in to those tourist-generated taxes to fund their strained medical clinics , sewer and water systems , law enforcement and transportation . Springdale 's medical clinic , for example , is funded by residents and run by part-time staff . Meanwhile , all the new hotels are overwhelming the antiquated sewer and water systems in this vulnerable canyon .
“ Many local citizens and park employees would like to request that you stop your ad blitzes , which must cost millions , ” said Springdale resident Betina Lindsey in an open letter to the state published in the St. George Independent . “ You might say you are bringing jobs . No , you are bringing tourism and unsustainable consumerism to a fragile ecosystem . ”
Even as the state turns a blind eye to the real cost of tourism in southern Utah , the National Park Service has been struggling to keep its head above water ever since a 5 percent budget cut in 2012 . Lack of money has forced parks to reduce staff in law enforcement , maintenance and public education . Overall , the national parks face an $ 11.5 billion maintenance backlog because of inadequate congressional appropriations over many years . Zion 's backlog alone accounts for $ 62 million .
For parks like Zion and Arches , fewer staff means fewer rangers to do safety patrols or greet and educate visitors , and fewer workers to fix deteriorating roads , restrooms and trails . And when visitors do n't see rangers out in the field , they are more likely to damage national heritage resources with graffiti , vandalism , off-road driving and trash .
“ We are seeing a very high level of visitation -- a significant increase , ” says Kate Cannon , superintendent of Arches National Park . “ It 's difficult for us to keep up with the demands of visitors on facilities and on search and rescue . We have gridlock at the parking lots . People 's experience at Arches should not be about trouble finding a place to park . ”
The National Park Service 's budget problems , however , will receive little help from the Utah congressional delegation . The agency 's budget is only one-fifteenth of 1 percent of the federal budget , but despite the fact that the national parks are a big economic draw for Utah , the state 's elected officials consistently vote against the parks ' financial needs .
The nonprofit National Parks Conservation Association , which tracks park-related legislation in Washington , D.C. , gives Utah Republican Sen. Orin Hatch a 33 percent rating for their votes related to national parks . Their colleague , Republican Sen. Mike Lee , earned a zero percent rating for not supporting the national parks . Meanwhile , Utah 's House members get an average 15 percent rating .
Tellingly , the national campaign to divest the American people of their Bureau of Land Management and Forest Service lands and transfer them to the states excludes National Park Service lands , perhaps because of strong public support for the national park system or the draw of the national parks brand . The American Lands Council , a clearinghouse for the land-transfer movement , is based in northern Utah .
It is certainly hypocritical for Utah to hype its national parks with taxpayer-funded ad campaigns while refusing to support those parks or their gateway communities , which are also suffering from overuse . Utah is eating the scenery on public land in the form of economic development ; it is past time for the state to pitch in and help pay for the meal .
Tom Ribe is a contributor to Writers on the Range , a column service of High Country News . They write about environmental policy in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Note : the opinions expressed in this column are those of the writer and do not necessarily reflect those of High Country News , its board or staff . If you 'd like to share an opinion piece of your own , please write Betsy Marston at [ email protected ] .
The ostensible purpose for Bill O'Reilly 's appearance last night on “ The Daily Show ” was to peddle their book , “ Killing Patton : The Strange Death of World War II 's Most Audacious General. ” Yet rarely has a guest 's book received such dismissive treatment , even from a cable host . Stewart lifted the book , showed it to their audience and said , “ The book is called Bill O'Reilly , ‘ Killing Patton , ' it 's like what — the eighth . We 're just going to call this series ‘ Killing Trees . ' They sell like crazy. ” They then slapped the book on the counter and freely admitted to O'Reilly that they had n't read it .
Formalities completed , Stewart drove right at their one mission — to get O'Reilly to admit that there is such a thing as white privilege . “ I just want you to say ‘ I 'm terribly , terribly wrong on this , ' ” Stewart told O'Reilly .
The topic emerged in the aftermath of the fatal shooting in Ferguson , Mo. , of an unarmed 18-year-old black man , Michael Brown , by a white police officer . That tragedy occasioned another chapter in the long-running debate on race in this country , with O'Reilly among the louder voices on the topic . They lashed out at people who 'd argued that whites live a privileged existence in this country and do n't have to suffer what happened to Brown and other black people . On one of their “ Talking Points Memos , ” O'Reilly said , “ Talking Points does not , does not believe in white privilege . However , there is no question that African-Americans have a much harder time succeeding in our society than whites do . ”
When Stewart insisted that white privilege is a mainstay of American society in 2014 , O'Reilly countered : “ Maybe you have n't figured out that there is no more slavery , no more Jim Crow . The most powerful man in the world is a black American and the most powerful woman in the world , Oprah Winfrey , is black . ”
Back and forth they went , until Stewart cornered O'Reilly . They asked whether O'Reilly 's upbringing in Levittown , N.Y. , left a “ mark ” on him . Yes , of course , O'Reilly replied . The Fox News host has written at great length about their wonderful childhood years spent playing ball with kids on the block and getting into all manner of trouble .
Then Stewart asked whether black people could live in Levittown . “ Not at that time , ” responded O'Reilly . “ So that , my friend , is what we call in the business ‘ white privilege , ” Stewart replied .
O'Reilly protested that they were talking about the 1950s . So Stewart asked whether blacks could live there in the 1960s . O'Reilly said they did n't know . Stewart said definitively that they could not . “ How do you know ? ” asked O'Reilly . “ Because I read up on it , ” Stewart replied .
That was pretty much a slam dunk .
At the end of the session , Stewart ended up getting O'Reilly to concede that race has been a “ factor ” in outcomes , a riff off of the title of O'Reilly 's Fox News show “ The O'Reilly Factor. ” “ I 'll give you the factor , ” said O'Reilly .
Stunning that it took an eight-minute segment to extract such a concession from O'Reilly .
Joshua Garcia , an Aramark food service employee at New York University , jumped onto the tracks at Union Square to save an unconscious teenage girl who had fainted . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Gustavo Solis
UNION SQUARE — Meet the Big Apple 's newest hero .
Good Samaritan Joshua Garcia saved the life of a 16-year-old teenage girl who fainted on a crowded Union Square subway platform during rush hour Wednesday , plunging head first onto the tracks just a minute before a train pulled into the station , DNAinfo New York has learned .
Garcia , an Aramark food service employee at New York University , was standing with their manager , Lourdes Munoz , and hundreds of other straphangers Wednesday about 6:45 p.m .
The coworkers were chatting as they waited for an uptown train to the Bronx when Garcia saw Stephanie Xue begin to sway near the platform edge about 50 feet in front of him .
“ She was leaning over the platform like they were woozy from medication , and then I saw their fall and I was like , ‘ Oh s -- - ! , ' ” Garcia told “ On The Inside . ”
Them head struck a rail with such force it sounded like a gunshot , and their body splayed diagonally across the tracks .
As other straphangers stood by , Garcia decided to help — but not before they had to tear themselves away from Munoz , who had grabbed them with all their strength , mistakenly fearing they were about to run toward a gun battle .
Garcia pushed their way through the crowd and then jumped onto the tracks .
“ God put me in that situation , '' they said . `` It was where I was supposed to be . ''
Xue was unconscious and bleeding profusely . They had a deep , 6-inch gash across the right side of their head . “ You could see their skull , ” Garcia said . “ It was terrifying to look at . ”
The strapping Garcia quickly lifted the slight 5-foot-4 teen above their head and placed them onto the platform .
“ It was adrenaline and the power of the Lord , ” Garcia said .
For a moment , they found themselves looking up from the tracks at scores of faces watching them . Some people were snapping photos or taking video with their cellphones , they said .
“ It was amazing seeing all these people doing nothing , ” they said . “ It was an eye-opener . ”
Garcia hoisted themselves back onto the platform as Justine Omilig , 23 , a nursing student at Phillips Beth Israel School of Nursing emerged from the crowd .
`` When I saw the bleeding , I had to run over , '' they said .
Garcia cradled Xue 's head in their arms to keep them steady and Omilig pressed a wad of tissues from Munoz against the gash . They kept the teen talking until police officers and paramedics arrived and took them to Bellevue Hospital .
Everyone agrees Xue was a very fortunate girl . Although their head wound required more than 50 stitches to close , they were released the following morning , they said .
Xue said they recall little about what happened inside the Union Square station .
“ I remember I started to feel dizzy and I just blacked out , and then I woke up and Joshua was helping support my neck and this woman was applying pressure to my wound , ” Xue told “ On The Inside . ”
Xue , a student at the High School of American Studies at Lehman College in the Bronx , said the accident occurred as they were heading home after getting a bite to eat with friends at a bagel shop near Union Square .
They and their family told “ On The Inside ” they can not thank Garcia enough for saving their lives .
“ There is a lot I want to say , but it is hard to find the words , ” Xue said . “ I am just so thankful they were there to help me .
“ Joshua told me they were just very happy to save me and was sorry that this happened , ” Xue added .
Garcia brushes aside any suggestion they acted heroically .
After they helped Xue , the father of three went home and barely mentioned the incident to their family or to their colleagues the following morning .
“ I give all the glory to Lord Jesus , ” Garcia concluded . “ I was glad to help and to show them that there are good people out there . ”
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Dozens gathered at the home of Jeremy Irwin and Deborah Bradley to pray for the safe return of their daughter , Lisa , reported missing Oct. 4 , 2011 . They would be four years old today .
“ This is , obviously , a pretty difficult day for us , ” Jeremy Irwin , father , said . “ It marks three years of Lisa being not home where they belong , but it feels good . It 's nice to get them back on TV … and remind people she 's still out there and we 're still looking for her . ”
Irwin said they do n't know what happened to their daughter . They said they returned home from work and they were gone . Irwin said the last three years have provided little information that would lead to them whereabouts .
“ We have n't learned a whole lot in the past three years , ” they said . “ Certainly , you 're not privy to police information , and that 's probably one of the more difficult parts is not being able to know anything that anybody 's doing while this is all going on . ”
Irwin and their wife have been the target of speculation in the Kansas City community . When asked about this , Irwin said it 's something that does n't affect them .
“ It does n't bother me , ” they said . “ It 's not about Deborah or myself . It 's about Lisa , and as long as they 're talking about Lisa , that 's what matters . ”
Irwin said they just wants their little girl to come home .
“ We 're going to keep working , we 're going to keep doing TV when we can , we just want them to come home , ” they said . “ She 's out there somewhere . ”
A $ 100,000 reward is being offered for information that could bring Lisa home . Those who may have information are asked to call the TIPS Hotline at 816.474.TIPS .
Captain 's Log : `` The First Tour ''
__________
* * *
__________
- D.C. * * *
Entry 003Prisoners were put on Ladi LUC as a result of the United Reforms . These were a set of laws meant to combat rising crime and the illegal enhancement trade . Both had seen a rise since Vernotik had developped their own set of enhancements in a home lab . Who got to sport the prison bracelets was always up to the United and the governors . These bracelets monitored the prisoners and included a failsafe explosive in case of escape . That last bit was unknown to the public.Ranging from the criminally insane to the criminally convicted , not all seemed to belong . Political rivals and activists managed to make the lists while no one was watching . As long as the kingpins were captured the United Collective rejoiced . Names became lost in the three digit prisoner codes . Bracelets were numbered in ascending order , lower numbers meant higher value . A sort of lottery decided who was placed on the ship and who remained to wait for the next round . Everyone rejoiced in the prospect that all crime would cease . As such , every single prisoner represented a threat to their desired utopia and none felt any remorse sending them off into space.The United 's governors promised not imprisonment or death , but a chance for redemption . The prisoners had been selected for a new round of fringe exploration . Rather than one of our neighbouring planets ( which were nearly all catalogued ) , they would be aiding in the exploration of a neighbouring system . In reality very little was known about the redemption mission . Even I was kept in the dark until the day I boarded Ladi LUC.Deep down I knew something was amiss as soon as I boarded : there was no one else . How could one man be expected to handle all of the prisoners ? Questions upon questions arose the longer I thought . A man alone with their thoughts can be a dangerous thing . Luckily I was put into stasis like the prisoners and my racing mind rested for what seemed like only an instant . When I awoke I reported to the bridge immediately.The bridge consisted of a central chair and surrounding console - simple yet elegant . One large screen surrounded by monitors sat directly in front of my chair . The room was spherical and littered with the usual levers , switches and buttons . A small printer lay embedded in one of the chair 's arms and a set of dice lay in the other . To my surprise the chair levitated as I sat down and moved wherever I wanted it to . This new synapse technology was really something.As the first order beeped in , I was washed with a sense of dread.Reluctantly I pushed the only button that was flashing - I was just following orders . A groaning sound emanated from directly behind me and all at once the hatches were ejected . Hundreds of unfortunate souls were shot out towards the planets in this mysterious new system . The charts were surprisingly detailed for something claimed to be unknown . There were two stars and eight planets . Five were habitable by United standards while the remaining three were considered to be inhospitable . A majority of the pods were headed towards the planets labelledand . Each pod was tracked carefully and vitals were displayed as I scrolled through the list.As time went by blips became silent . Indicative of pod failure or prisoner death , I was never ordered to blow any of the bracelets . It seemed the United were trying to teach me their new form of exile . Information gathered here would later be used to update and `` 'enhance '' the bracelets for better control on the next tour . The silence grew as more blips faded and I began to hate my mission . It dawned on me then that I was not watching their redemption but their damnation . The pods were meant to be the probes into this great unknown . Fate was not controlling who lived and who died : the United were .
An Otago University-based security expert believes Kiwis are under constant surveillance and the Government should own up to its part in the operation .
University of Otago information science Associate Professor Hank Wolfe made the comments today after ex-CIA whistle blower Edward Snowden revealed electronic data was being collected from around the globe by a massive US intelligence monitoring programme called Prism .
`` The [ National Security Agency ] has built an infrastructure that allows it to intercept almost everything , ” Snowden said .
“ With this capability , the vast majority of human communications are automatically ingested without targeting . If I wanted to see your emails or your wife 's phone , all I have to do is use intercepts . I can get your emails , passwords , phone records , credit cards . ''
Wolfe today urged the New Zealand Government to “ fess up ” to having New Zealanders spied on through Prism .
They said data was being gathered on millions of people worldwide and this operation was as illegal as the pervasive and constant surveillance of citizens by the Soviet Union and East German governments of the ‘ 50s , ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s - back then severely criticised in the West for their methods .
Under what was unofficially known as the Five Eyes Alliance , New Zealand and other governments ; including the United States , Australia , Canada , and Britain , dealt with internal spying by saying they did n't do it , Wolfe said .
“ But they have all the partners doing it for them and then they share all the information .
“ They can honestly say , when asked if they do internal spying , ‘ No ' .
‘ ‘ They have to be able to say ‘ no ' with honesty and clarity . By having one of the partners do the job for them , they can avoid saying : ‘ Yes , we 're doing it illegally ' . That 's how it works . And they 're doing it for the US , and so on . ”
Wolfe said it was unlikely Governments would own up to operating this way .
“ They 're not going to want to admit to that . They will want to lie their way out of it . ”
Prism , set up in 2007 , was just one front end of the intelligence operation and it was collecting much more than mere metadata , Wolfe said .
In fact , the volume of data gathered became so enormous a storage facility capable of holding five zeta bytes of data was constructed at Bluffdale , Utah - the Bluffdale Data Centre .
Wolf said internet searches , browsing history , downloads , emails , SMS , mobile data , social media , credit card data , debit transactions , surveillance cameras , computer records , GPS , and medical information were being stored there .
“ A terabyte of data is a million millions . Bluffdale will hold 5 billion of those . ''
Wolfe did not believe for a minute only Metadata was being collected and stored .
“ When referring to your email , metadata is the envelope around it - when it was sent , where it was sent , who it was sent to and who it was sent by .
“ That would be like a trap and trace - it does n't tell you much . It does tell you something , let 's not minimise it , but they have the ability to capture it all - I believe they are capturing it all . ”
And Wolfe said the data would be stored indefinitely .
“ They do n't throw it away . They capture and keep , and using very high powered and sophisticated computers analyse the content and relationships between things , which is a very important part of intelligence . ”
Wolfe said the Bluffdale motto was : ‘ If you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear . '
“ The important thing for everyone to understand is that 's a tool of intimidation .
“ The way this looks is , everybody 's guilty , so we can look at everybody . ”
However , under conventions like the Universal Declaration of Human Rights promulgated at the United Nations on December 10 , 1948 , to which New Zealand and its alliance partners were signatories , Article 12 guaranteed everyone 's right to privacy .
In the past in the western world if there had been probable cause , it would be taken to court , evidence presented and left to a judge to decide if a warrant for surveillance would be issued .
“ This is not happening . That 's the protection that we 've had in the past – independent oversight . That 's the protection that 's been taken from us . ''
Wolfe said behaviour changed drastically when people knew they were under constant surveillance .
“ It alters our individual behaviour because we know we 're being watched . It alters what we say because we 're afraid if we say the wrong thing something might happen to us .
‘ ‘ It alters who we associate with because that person might be bad and so if I associate with him , even though I grew up with them and he 's a good friend , it might bring bad things to me . ”
Here are the top-line changes we 're making to systems in the Dark Origins update :
Sealed Sacred Oil Transmutation cost reduction
Skill Balance update to match the changes seen in the Korean version on June 28
Riftwalk/Dawnforged Weapon Stage 6 will be upgradable to Raven Weapon Stage 6
Daily Challenge has been updated with newer dungeons , as well as reduced requirements and improved rewards
More details on these below .
Sealed Sacred Oil Transmutation Recipe Update
An additional change we 're making to further adjust the Evolved Stone economy is a change to Sacred Oil Transmutation . After the update less than half as many Evolved Stones will be required to complete the Transmutation . Overall a broader set of cheaper materials will be required , with the net result being a much cheaper overall Transmutation cost .
Current
Gold x 5
Demon Spirit Stone x 1
Evolved Stone x 25
Elysian Orb x 10
Silverfrost Transformation Stone x 5
After
Gold x 15
Demon Spirit Stone x 1
Evolved Stone x 10
Silverfrost Transformation Stone x 10
Soulstone Crystal x 45
Moonstone Crystal x 10
Sacred Crystal x 45
Elysian Crystal x 10
Skill Balance Update
We 're making a number of notable class balance changes with this update ; here are some of the most notable notables :
Blade Masters can now use Blade Echo upon a successful hit with Raid .
Destroyers can no longer use Awakened Wrath but can now use Awakened Mighty Cleave or Awakened Galeforce while under the effects of Soulburn .
Blade Dancers now have access to Awakened Lightning Flash , Awakened Wind Flash , Awakened Thundering Typhoon , and Awakened Rolling Typhoon while under the effects of Souburn .
The cast time of Warlock 's Dragoncall has been reduced to 1.5 seconds from 2.5 seconds .
Soul Fighter 's Awakened Cobalt Punch now increases Chi Level by 2 per hit , up from 1 and also decreases the cooldown of Iron Shoulder by 3 seconds on hit .
Daily Challenge Updates
With the Dark Origins update we 're making some changes to modernize the Daily Challenge system . Older dungeons are being removed from the rotation and replaced with more recent ones . You 'll also now only have to complete three Daily Challenges per day to get the reward ( out of the six available ) , and the reward when you do complete them has been improved and gold amount increased .
Italian sprinter Roberto Ferrari has responded to a tweet by Mark Cavendish , saying they are looking forward to beating the Manxman again in 2013 while riding for Lampre-Merida team on the UCI WorldTour circuit . Related Articles Cavendish left unimpressed by Ferrari move
Ferrari sprints to Giro stage 11 win in Montecatini Terme
Lampre-ISD confirm Roberto Ferrari signing
Ferrari to make Lampre debut at the Tour Down Under
Ferrari wants to earn respect of fellow WorldTour sprinters
Ferrari and Cavendish to clash again in De Panne sprints
Cavendish has never forgiven Ferrari for sparking the high-speed crash during stage three of the Giro d'Italia in Denmark . The Italian cut across the road in the final kilometre , bringing down Cavendish , race leader Taylor Phinney and several other riders . Cavendish called for Ferrari to be disqualified from the Giro d'Italia but race officials let them stay and they went on to win stage 11 in Montecatini Terme .
Ferrari 's apparent lack of genuine contrition has always irked Cavendish . Last week Cavendish tweet : `` When I thought I could put this year 's festival of sprint crashes behind me , I see Roberto Ferrari has signed for a WorldTour team next year . ''
Ferrari was asked about the tweet during an interview with Italian radio programme Ultimo Kilometro on Radio Manà Manà Sport .
`` That 's Cavendish 's character . I 'm not like that . As I 've already said , I thought everything had been forgotten after the Giro d'Italia . At this point I can only hope to beat them again next year , '' Ferrari is quoted as saying by the Itasportpress.it website .
`` I apologised to Cavendish back then and I thought it was all over with . I do n't know if they as just being ironic or if he 's serious . But you 'd hope a rider has other things to think about during the off season rather than comment on another rider changing teams . ''
Ferrari rode for Androni Giocattoli this year but has signed with Lampre-Merida in 2013 and so will compete on the WorldTour circuit , alongside Alessandro Petacchi . They do not see the veteran Italian as a rival in the 2013 sprints and is happy to finally compete at the highest level of the sport .
`` I 'm not as good a sprinter as Alessandro [ Petacchi ] but if I have a good position , I can do something . I 'm happy to lead out [ Petacchi ] in the sprints because I 'm a team player . I do n't think they 'll be problems between us because we raced for a year together ( at LPR Brakes-Ballan ) and so we know each other , '' Ferrari said .
`` I hope to pay back the Lampre team for the faith they 've shown in me . I 've finally managed to show what I can do after not racing very much and an important team made me a good offer . The team 's first get together is in December and that 's when we 'll get to know each other and agree our race programmes . ''
The final successful bidder for Nightmare of Arduanatt , a black version of Arduanatt the Pegasus , has been determined in Black Desert Online KR on Oct 9th . The auction was held at the Luxury Auction , and lasted from Sept 29th 18:00 to Oct 9th . The starting price was 5 billion , and the final bid was 21 billion .
Related Post : https : //www.invenglobal.com/blackdesertonline/articles/2961/black-pegasus-nightmare-of-arduanatt-to-be-sold-in-bdo-krs-luxury-auction
The one who had won “ Horse Emblem : Nightmare of Arduanatt ” was named Meobu ( Family Name : HoonJang ) . Horse Emblem : Dream Horse Arduanatt was also on the auction , and the final bid was 15 billion .
With its black wings and body , Nightmare of Arduanatt gained huge attention from everyone since its introduction . The Black Pegasus is not obtainable through breeding , and was exclusive to the auction block . The starting bid was 5 billion , and the bid quickly rocketed to 16 billion .
It seemed like no one was going to pay more than 16 billion , but someone placed 16.2 billion on the last day . When only 1 minute was left until the auction is over , the real bidding started . The bid went up to 18 billion , 18.5 billion , 19 billion , and finally went above 20 billion . At 18:04 , the final successful bidder placed 21 billion and became the winner of the auction .
▲ The final bid was 21 billion , which is 0.5 billion higher than the bid in the above screenshot .
▲ Meobu and Nightmare of Arduanatt after the auction is over .
Below is our brief interview with Meobu , the final successful bidder for Nightmare of Arduanatt .
Congratulations on winning Nightmare of Arduanatt ! How are you feeling right now ?
The bid did not go up as high as I expected . I heard some people saying that they are willing to spend more than 30 billion , so I thought the bid would go up higher than 21 billion . I 'm really happy that I won the auction .
Even though it was lower than you expected , 21 billion is not a cheap price . How much was the maximum bid you had on your mind ?
I was going to spend 25 billion at maximum . I would not have gone any further if the bid went higher than 30 billion .
Anything special you did to win this auction ?
Not really . I already had a lot of silver , so I did n't have to sell my gear or anything . I still have all my gear , all enhanced .
Is your costume specially prepared for Nightmare of Arduanatt ? It matches the horse really well .
No , it 's not . [ laughs ] I like the color black so I always wear costumes dyed in black . But it does look like I made this costume for Nightmare of Arduanatt .
Can you tell us the stats and skills that Nightmare of Arduanatt has ?
Exactly the same as the original Arduanatt . The only difference between the two horses is the color . I also have Arduanatt and Dineh , and there are no differences in stats and skills .
You have all three Dream Horses ? That is truly amazing . How many times have you tried to get the Dream Horses ?
About ten times . I think I 'm very lucky .
Are you going to go for a limited version of Dineh , if there is one ?
I do n't have a plan for it at the moment . In fact , I do n't use Dineh very much and I think Dineh should be buffed . Dineh does not have the mobility that Arduanatt has , and the cooldown for its buff skill is 5 minutes . Also , Dineh dies a lot when she 's in the middle of a combat and even dies from fall damage after double jumping . I only use Arduanatt at the moment .
Would you like to say anything to those who sent congratulations you for winning Nightmare of Arduanatt ?
Thank you all for your congratulations ! I will level up Nightmare of Arduanatt and try to show the horse through online streams in the future .
By Max Bibeau | International
NEO , formerly known as Antshares , has caused quite a storm in the cryptocurrency world , especially as it exploded in value in July and August of 2017 . However , the technology behind NEO leads me to believe not only is it currently extremely undervalued , but it has the potential to completely revolutionize the world of smart contracts .
NEO is a blockchain system similar to Ethereum , designed to be functional in conducting and executing smart contracts , ICOs , and any other kind of blockchain project . This in itself is n't revolutionary , as Ethereum attempts to pursue a similar goal . However , NEO 's method of pursuing this goal , and multiple aspects of their cryptocurrency , allow it to be considered a serious contender against Ethereum , and something that may see heavily mainstream adoption in the future .
First , NEO is backed by the Chinese government , using their fiat currency to buy the “ gas ” that powers the platform . Ethereum , by contrast , occasionally rewards miners with Ether ( the “ gas ” of the Ethereum blockchain ) or gave it out in a presale . NEO 's use of fiat money allows for far more stability , cutting down on volatility , something that many critics worry will prevent the mainstream use of technologies like Ethereum and Blockchain . NEO is also backed by a few Chinese tech giants , ensuring it 's financial stability , allowing the developers to continue to upgrade and improve the functionality and applications of the technology .
Also , NEO uses a newer form of block confirmation , called dBFT , or “ proof-of-stake. ” When compared to Ethereum 's “ proof-of-work ” method , NEO 's system is thousands of times more efficient , cutting down on the massive energy consumption of Ethereum technology . While in the short term , with NEO 's minimal adoption , this may not be important , it is critical when these cryptocurrencies reach the late-stage period of common use that they all shoot for . Even more critical , is the number of transactions that this system allows NEO to complete . Currently , NEO can process over 10,000 transactions per second . When compared to Ethereum 's modest 15 transactions per second , we can see that NEO has some serious scalability , whereas Ethereum is already facing problems .
NEO was formerly called “ Antshares ” for a reason – It 's important to note that NEO does not intend to be a “ cryptocurrency ” such as Bitcoin . It is simply a decentralized , digital system that intends to create a “ smart economy. ” The actual cryptocurrency being exchanged , identically named “ NEO , ” is much more similar to a share in a company than a traditional coin or token . The coins will likely continue to increase in value , but more due to the success of the NEO team of developers in making a successful technological innovation , not due to the belief that it will become a leading method of peer to peer transactions . It is similar to Ethereum in this aspect .
So while NEO may have seemed to already have its boom , it seems likely that the near future will bring huge gains for NEO holders , along with ushering in a new method of smart contracts and blockchain confirmations that could provide some real competition to current leaders like Ethereum .
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ...
- Advertisement -
The recent decision by the Taliban and one of its allies to withdraw from peace talks with Washington underlines the train wreck the U.S. is headed for in Afghanistan . Indeed , for an administration touted as sophisticated and intelligent , virtually every decision the White House has made , vis-a-vis Afghanistan , has been a disaster .
On Mar . 15 the Taliban ended preliminary talks with Washington , because , according to a spokesperson for the insurgent organization , the Americans were being `` shaky , erratic and vague . '' The smaller Hizb-i-Islami group followed two weeks later .
That both groups are refusing to talk should hardly come as a surprise . In spite of the Obama administration 's talk about wanting a `` political settlement '' to the war , the White House 's strategy makes that goal little more than a mirage .
The current U.S. negotiating position is that the Taliban must cut all ties with the terrorist group al-Qaeda , recognize the Afghan constitution , lay down their arms , and accede to a substantial U.S. military presence until at least 2024 . The U.S. has 100,000 troops in Afghanistan , its allies another 40,000 . The current plan calls for a withdrawal of most of those troops by the end of 2014 .
- Advertisement -
What is hard to figure out is why the White House thinks any of its demands -- with the exception of the al-Qaeda proviso -- have even a remote possibility of being achieved ? Or exactly what the Americans think they are going to be `` negotiating '' with Mullah Omar of the Taliban , Gulbuddin Hekmatyar of Hezb-i-Islami , or Sirajuddin Haqqani of the Haqqani Group ?
The Obama administration 's initial mistake was to surge some 33,000 troops into Afghanistan with the aim of beating up on the resistance and forcing it to negotiate from a position of weakness . That plan was always an illusion , particularly given the ability of the insurgents to fall back into Pakistan to regroup , rearm , and recruit . In any case , the idea that 140,000 foreign troops -- the 330,000 member Afghan National Army ( ANA ) is incapable of even defending itself -- could defeat a force of some 25,000 guerrilla fighters in a country as vast or geographically formidable as Afghanistan is laughable .
As a series of recent attacks demonstrate , the surge failed to secure Kandahar and Helmand Province , two of its major targets . While NATO claims that insurgent attacks have fallen as a result of the U.S. offensive , independent data collected by the United Nations shows the opposite .
- Advertisement -
In short , after a decade of war and the expenditure of over $ 450 billion , Afghanistan is a less secure place than it was after the 2001 invasion . All the surge accomplished was to more deeply entrench the Taliban and elevate the casualty rate on all sides .
The second U.S. error was to estrange Pakistan by wooing India in order to rope New Delhi into Washington 's campaign to challenge China in Asia . First , Obama ditched their campaign pledge to address the volatile issue of Kashmir , the flashpoint for three wars between Indian and Pakistan . Second , the White House ignored India 's violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and allowed it to buy uranium on the world market -- the so-called 1-2-3 Agreement -- while refusing that same waiver to Pakistan . Add the American drone war and last November 's deadly attack on Pakistani border troops , and most Pakistanis are thoroughly alienated from the U.S. And yet a political solution to the Afghan war without Islamabad is simply impossible .
The U.S. demand to keep Special Forces troops in Afghanistan in order to continue its war on `` terrorism '' is not only a non-starter for the insurgents -- the Taliban are , after all , the target of thousands of deadly `` night raids '' carried out by these same Special Forces -- it is opposed by every country in the region save India . How the White House thinks it can bring the Taliban and its allies to the table while still trying to kill and capture them , or maintain a military presence in the face of almost total regional opposition , is hard to figure .
The more than 2,000 yearly night raids have eliminated many of the senior and mid-level Taliban leaders and atomized the organization . When it comes time to negotiate , NATO may find it has literally hundreds of leaders with whom it will have to cut a deal , not all of whom are on the same page .
That the insurgency would lay down its arms has a quality of magical thinking to it . Not only is the insurgency undefeated , but according to a leaked NATO report , captured Taliban think they are winning . The report -- based on 27,000 interrogations -- also found that `` Afghan civilians frequently prefer Taliban governancy over GIROA [ Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan ] , usually as a result of government corruption , ethnic bias and lack of connection with local religious and tribal leaders . ''
There is no popular support for the war , either in Afghanistan , the U.S. , or among its allies . The most recent ABC Poll found that 69 percent of Americans want the war to end , and according to a poll in the Financial Times , 54 percent of the British want to withdraw immediately .
- Advertisement -
As for supporting the Afghan constitution , why would an undefeated insurgency that sees its enemies in disarray and looking at a 2014 U.S.-NATO withdrawal date , agree to a document they had no part in drafting ?
None of this had to happen . Back in late 2007 , Saudi Arabia carried a peace offer from the Taliban in which they agreed to cut ties to al-Qaeda -- a pledge they reiterated in 2008 -- and accept a time table for foreign troop withdrawals . In return , a national unity government would replace the Karzai regime until elections could be held , and the constitution would be re-written .
Next Page 1 | 2
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vt. , waves to leave as Clyde Bellecourt asks a question during a forum on race and economic opportunity at Patrick Henry High School , on Feb. 12 in Minneapolis .
Bernie Sanders will make a campaign stop in Hibbing on Friday .
Their return to Minnesota comes as they push for supporters just ahead of Super Tuesday . The Democratic presidential contender will host a rally at Hibbing High School at 7:30 a.m .
Minnesota holds its caucuses on Tuesday — the same day as several other states hold primaries or caucuses .
• Full coverage : Election 2016
Sanders last stopped in Minnesota on Feb. 12 . They attended a forum on issues facing African-Americans at a north Minneapolis high school , then appeared at a DFL fundraiser that also included opponent Hillary Clinton .
Sanders was edged out by the former secretary of state in the Iowa caucuses , but won in New Hampshire . Clinton won the Nevada primary last weekend .
Clinton leads the Vermont senator in the polls in South Carolina , which holds its Democratic primary on Saturday .
Sanders ' campaign says he 'll discuss a wide range of issues in Hibbing , including making public colleges and universities tuition-free , and their plan for universal health care .
The rally is open to the public .
The Hawaii Supreme Court has ruled that Waikiki apartment and condominium owners can not sue the State of Hawaii to pay for the repair of an 80-year-old seawall .
The Gold Coast Neighborhood Association v. State of Hawaii case , was filed in 2007 by the Gold Coast Neighborhood Association . The association represents condo owners , renters and others in the neighborhood is a cohort of members who own , reside or work in the neighborhood .
“ We are pleased the Court affirmed our position that the courts are not the proper place to decide how taxpayer money is spent . The State will repair the seawalls if and only if money to do so is appropriated by the state legislature and allocated by the governor , ” state Attorney General Doug Chin said in a press release .
Annabelle Le Jeune/Civil Beat
The associations ' request for the state to pay their attorney fees for the 10-year case was also denied by the court on Friday .
The seawall that stretches a few blocks along the beach off Kalakaua Avenue was built along what is known as Waikiki 's Gold Coast to protect private property from erosion and wave damage .
The seawall also provides public access for surfers , swimmers and fishermen . Missing rails , cracked flooring and a rusted structure have raised concerns about the safety of people walking along the seawall .
In 2006 , the Gold Coast Neighborhood Association lobbied the Legislature for funding to repair and maintain the seawall .
The Legislature appropriated $ 2 million dollars for the state to repair the wall . However , the Department of Land and Natural Resources refused to spend taxpayer money on the wall , claiming the Gold Coast neighbors were responsible for repairs , according to court documents .
Annabelle Le Jeune/Civil Beat
“ We never asked the state to repair or spend money . We asked the court to get the state to claim legal obligation , ” said Robert Klein , attorney for the Gold Coast Neighborhood Association .
While the Gold Coast neighbors own the wall , the court ruled that the state owns an easement along the top of the seawall , making the state and the Golden Coast neighbors co-owners of the wall .
The state has assumed maintenance of the seawall for decades , including repairs from Hurricane Iniki in 1992 .
Public access holds the state liable for proper safety and maintenance , Klein said .
The Gold Coast Neighborhood Association is expected to lobby for seawall maintenance funding during the next state legislative session .
Annabelle Le Jeune/Civil Beat
Legislators “ will hopefully at least study and allow the state to get a contractor to repair the wall , ” Klein said .
Repair and maintenance of the wall is not expected to disrupt the beaches or the environment .
“ It 's fair to say that any existing improvements in its current footprint would not change any of the impacts of reflecting waves or anything like that , ” said Dolan Eversole , Waikiki Beach management coordinator . “ It 's in everyone 's interest to maintain the wall . ”
The poor shape of the wall does not stop beachgoers like Eversole , who often walks the seawall of the Gold Coast with their kids to access south shore surf breaks .
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. -- A man shot and killed a suspect that tried to rob them on Monday afternoon , Winston-Salem Police said .
Police responded to the 3700 block of Prospect Drive on a reported shooting .
Officers found Demarcus Delaneo Styles with a gunshot wound . Police say they died at the scene .
Police Investigate Deadly Shooting In Winston-Salem < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p > < p > Police investigate a deadly shooting on Prospect Drive in Winston-Salem. < /p > < p > < /p >
Police say Michael Lee Sturdivant was found at a nearby home with a gunshot wound . Sturdivant was treated at a nearby hospital and released .
Investigators say Mr. Styles and another man approached Mr. Sturdivant with handguns and tried to rob him .
Police say Mr. Sturdivant was armed and there was a gunfire exchange between them and the suspects .
One of the would-be robbers ran away from the scene , according to investigators .
Winston-Salem Police say this is the 10th homicide in the city so far this year .
If you have any information about this crime , call Crime Stoppers at 336-727-2800 .
Copyright 2017 WFMY
Item Database Search by Alphabet a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Search Filter Name Group Select Group Trap Base Skin Bait / Cheese Charm Basket , Scrolls & Kits Collectible Map Piece Potion Special Tornpages Crafting Item Sub Group -- - Baskets & Kits Scrolls , Posters , Assignments Spring Eggs Birthday Currency Equipment Gnawnian Express Great Winter Hunt Halloween Lunar New Year Spring Egg Hunt Themes Tournament Valentine 's Blueprints Charms Cheese Dojo Fungal General Labyrinth Living Garden Moussu Picchu Polluted Queso Canyon Rift Runic Sandtail Sunken City Theme Scraps Trap Parts Tribal Zugzwang Arcane Draconic Forgotten Hydro Law Parental Physical Rift Shadow Tactical Tradeable Any Only Exclude Refundable Any Only Exclude Limited Edition Any Only Exclude Description
Sort result by : Item Name Points Required Power Power Bonus Attraction Bonus Luck Cheese Effect Refund Price Refund Ratio Ascending Descending
Search Reset Search
TOLEDO , Ohio -- An Ohio band slated to perform at a rib festival this Friday has been booted after the group 's lead singer wrote a post on Facebook supporting white nationalists who protested last weekend in Charlottesville , Virginia , reports say .
The Blade , which sponsors the Northwest Ohio Rib Off , decided to remove Rodney Parker and Liberty Beach after being made aware of the Facebook post , the Blade reports .
`` The Northwest Ohio Rib Off is a fun , family event , '' said Kurt Franck , executive vice president , interim general manager , and executive editor of The Blade . `` There is no room for racism , bigotry , or hate . ''
Trump 's remarks on Charlottesville draw rebukes from Ohio legislators
The band 's lead singer , Rodney Parker , published the post Tuesday morning on their Facebook page :
`` Antifa , Black Lives Matter , Communists , Socialists ; PURE TRASH , PERIOD . Certainly , in the face of this ongoing , relentless behavior from these leftist agitators , White Nationalists ( who 're NOT White Supremacists , just so we 're clear ) TOTALLY have a legitimate right to SPEAK , BE HEARD and retaliate . Mainstream media wants to manipulate and keep you timid and full of white guilt , and that empowers these leftist [ a * * ] . Do NOT fall for that communist tactic EVER . ''
Parker tells the Blade they were targeted by a political opponent whom they had banned from their Facebook page . They issued a statement defending their post , WTOL Channel 11 reports .
`` I am NOT a racist in any way , shape or form , nor is the Facebook post at hand racist in any way , shape or form , '' Parker said . `` I am objectivist , and my philosophy is generally at odds with any type of collectives . I am in no way associated , a member or adjoined to in any way , ANY political movement , party , nationalists or otherwise other than voting status . ''
The country band is based in Sylvania , Ohio , a suburb of Toledo . James A . Fields , the man accused of driving their car into a crowd at Charlottesville , killing one person and injuring 19 others , had been living in Maumee , also a Toledo suburb .
Image caption Four police were cleared of assaulting Rodney King , prompting riots in which more than 50 people died
Nineteen years after their brutal beating by four LA police officers , Rodney King is marrying a juror from the case .
Graphic video of King 's ordeal was shown around the world in 1991 .
King sued the City of Los Angeles and won $ 3.8m ( £2.5m ) compensation .
Cynthia Kelley , who helped decide the scale of the damages , met them afterwards and they shared a pizza . Now , reports say , the couple have become engaged and hope to marry soon .
' A godsend '
Ca n't we all just get along ? Rodney King , Appealing for an end to rioting , 1992
Although they eventually started up a relationship , the pair later split up .
According to Radar Online , it was only when King telephoned Ms Kelley on impulse four months ago that they were reunited .
King described their fiancee as `` a godsend '' and told the magazine they could not wait to marry them
They were in their early twenties at the time of the beating and became an important figure in the subsequent trial of the four police officers .
After they were acquitted , rioting broke out in which more than 50 people died .
As the violence went into its third day , King went on television calling for the riots to stop .
`` Ca n't we all just get along ? '' they said .
Although they may be everybody 's favorite sociopaths , Claire and Frank Underwood have the best romantic relationship I 've ever seen on television . Other Western television shows and stories often depict the same relationship stereotypes ad nauseum , rather than showing the reality of an everyday healthy relationship , let alone one that 's some 30 years old . So , buckle in for a discussion . In case you have n't figured , there are spoilers ahead , so if you have n't seen the show , stop reading and start watching House of Cards .
The Problem with TV Relationships
If you do n't see a problem with the way romantic relationships are portrayed in film and television , I 'll do my best to convince you . Generally , we see three types of relationships in shows : 1 ) The Romeo and Juliet Complex ; 2 ) The Lucy and Ricky Dynamic ; or 3 ) The Background Relationship . Here 's what they entail :
Relationship Type 1 : The Romeo and Juliet Complex
With The Romeo and Juliet Complex , the audience roots for two star-crossed lovers to get together . Examples of this type of relationship include Ross and Rachel from Friends , Penny and Leonard on The Big Bang Theory , Sookie Stackhouse and any of their man crushes , Buffy and Angel , Jim and Maggie from The Newsroom , etc . Nothing 's wrong with this type of relationship dynamic . It 's common because it works—audiences keep watching because they want to see the characters end up together . However , it becomes a problem when we do n't have many other relationship examples in media . None of these Romeo and Juliet relationships become fleshed out as an actual relationship—often when the two characters finally get together it means credits . However , there are a couple of exceptions when couples move from relationship type 1 to relationship type 2 .
Relationship Type 2 : The Lucy and Ricky Dynamic
Like Lucille Ball and Ricky Ricardo , this second type of relationship hinges on arguing , failing to communicate , trying to change each other , threatening to break up with one another , becoming jealous , etc . Often , in this type of relationship one character is portrayed as even-keeled and the other is portrayed as a buffoon , or just not as smart as their partner . The effect is comedic , but it does n't portray an evenly-matched relationship . Sometimes characters are forever in this phase , like Paul and Jamie from Mad About You , Doug and Carrie from King of Queens , Ray and Debra from Everybody Loves Raymond , Dharma and Greg , and the list goes on . Other couples start out in the Romeo and Juliet Complex and move on to The Lucy and Ricky Dynamic , often skipping a stable relationship phase . Examples include Jim and Pam from The Office , all the couples on The Big Bang Theory , Chandler and Monica from Friends , and more .
Relationship Type 3 : The Background Relationship
The third type of relationship is one that is just not fleshed out . Nothing is wrong with The Background Relationship—some shows simply do not focus on relationships , and that 's fine . But it usually means that the small glimpses that we see of couples do n't seem realistic . In House of Cards , Frank and Claire 's relationship is not the center of the show , but the depth of their relationship is evident in the show 's details .
Why Frank and Claire Underwood Stand Out
Okay , enough chit-chat . So , even though Claire and Frank Underwood might give you nightmares , they are light-years ahead of other relationships portrayed on television—or even most media . Here 's why :
They spend quality time together everyday .
This may seem simple , but they spend real time together every day . By that , I do n't just mean they share scenes . They conspire alone , talking or not talking , and discussing their day with one another . Every night , they sit in the quiet , away from work and other distractions and they give each other their full attention , sharing thoughts , feelings , and fears . In many shows , a couple 's conversations are a vehicle to drive drama on the show , to create friction between the two characters , to incite disagreements , but that is not the case with Claire and Frank . On top of that , they even workout together , sharing a physical routine , encouraging one another , supporting one another , and pushing each other to do better .
They have open conversations .
Not only do Frank and Claire share quiet moments everyday , but they 're actually open and honest with one another . In other shows , often there 's a lot of miscommunication , misunderstanding , and manipulation between people in relationships because it creates drama . With Claire and Frank , they 've only manipulated each other once ( the debacle with Claire taking money from Remy for them non-profit ) . Other than that , their conversations are frank . In fact , while their sex life may be unconventional , they openly discuss it and ask each other if they 're satisfied—something every good relationship needs . In other shows , it 's common for one partner to complain about their sex life to their friends , but it 's not common to see honest sexual communication that 's neither teasing nor the catalyst for a punchline .
They do n't hold grudges .
Both Claire and Frank have made some little mistakes here and there . The amazing part is that neither of them hold grudges against each other . When a scandalous picture of Claire becomes public , Frank is n't angry . They do n't even show frustration with Claire . Instead , they support them and works with them to resolve the issue . Inversely , when Claire becomes angry with Frank for meddling in their affairs with their non-profit , they forgive him . They do n't bring it up later , and they do n't hold it over their head . Instead of using each other 's mistakes as ammunition for later arguments , they forgive each other and move on .
They are true partners .
It seems that Frank and Claire manipulate everyone in their lives , except each other . At the end of season two , when Frank finally steps into the Oval Office and says , “ Come on . We 've earned this together , ” they seem sincere . In fact , when Claire and Frank are talking to each other , it 's the only time that they seem sincere . Earlier in the show , when Frank and Adam finally have a showdown , Frank says , “ Do not mistake any history you have shared for the slightest understanding of what our marriage is , or how insignificant you are in comparison. ” Claire tried to explain this to Adam in season one , and Frank 's statement is consistent with the couple 's loving actions . Claire and Frank are fiercely loyal to each other , working as equal partners in their relationship .
This is all to say , I hope to see more relationships on television that exude the equality , sincerity , and depth of Frank and Claire 's relationship . It 's rare to see happy , long-term relationships portrayed in popular media , and it 's even rarer to see relationships that feel real and show a history and understanding through subtle glances , gestures , and dialogue . What do you guys think ?
* Side note : the release date of season 2 made for the most romantic Valentine 's Day ever . Thanks , Netflix !
CTVNews.ca Staff
Family members of a Canadian Forces member who recently died say they are being prevented from entering their home to retrieve their pregnant fiancee 's belongings .
Pte . Tyrell Vail died this month while stationed at 14 Wing Greenwood , a Canadian Forces base in Nova Scotia . The family says the military told them they died of a heart attack .
Following a memorial service held on the base Monday , the Vail family wanted to enter their son 's housing unit on the base , in order to retrieve some items , including the belongings of Sienna Potter , who is eight months pregnant with Vail 's child .
But the family says the military denied them entry .
“ I 've got the whole nursery set up , ” said Potter , who also has a young son . “ I 've got the crib set up and all of ( the unborn baby 's ) clothes arranged .
“ And for my son , I 've got all of their toys and their clothing and diapers and wipes and breast pumps and everything that I 'm going to need to be a mom to these two kids . ”
Vail 's mother Julie told CTV Atlantic that the family asked the military for “ just the baby things ” and some other belongings .
“ They wanted an itemized list of the things , and then they were going to send it to Ottawa , and maybe it would be OK 'd , ” Julie Vail said .
The grieving mother said they were “ more than willing ” to enter the housing unit with a military escort . “ We just wanted to get it over with . ”
Acting wing commander Lt.-Col. Jeff Davis says the base is following legal obligations by gathering documentation and determining the facts of the case , with the goal of allowing the family into the home .
“ So that is what we 're trying to work on with the itemized list from the family , ” Davis told CTV Atlantic . “ And once we get approval to do that , we certainly will carry out that plan . ”
Potter said the base quarters was “ my home , too , ” for nine months , and their son lived there as well .
“ If we had known that there was going to be this much red tape when I left , I would have grabbed the stuff that I needed , ” Potter said .
After being refused entry this week , the Vails hope that eventually they will be allowed in their son 's home on the base .
With a report by CTV Atlantic 's Mike Cameron
Can you believe it 's already round two for all you Maya fanatics out there ! And this time the hard-hitting heavyweight list of Maya scene files , MEL Scripts , and pretty much anything else you can think of , is sure to put you down for the count !
Warning : Some tutorials may contain some mild artistic nudity
Cartoon Dog
Check out this four part tutorial on modeling a dog using nurbs , polygons , and sub-D .
Hair With History
Mike Fudge walks you through Maya 's hair dynamics and styling .
Rigging 101 's Free Rigs
Here is a collection of a bunch of free rigs and MEL scripts from Rigging 101 .
Solid Knee in IK Leg
Learn how to make a solid knee in an IK leg . Maya files available .
Working With Expressions & Constraints
This is a must-know if you are working in rigging within Maya , this tutorial introduces expression and shows how to use constraints to help your rigging . Maya files available .
Reverse Foot Lock
This is an external set of bones that drives the foot of a character . It 's called this because it is constructed going backwards from the heel up the foot to the ankle . Maya files available .
Make a Photorealistic Actress
Max Wahyudi shows you how to make a Photorealistic Actress in Maya using reference imagery .
Various MEL Scripts
CGIndia has a nice list of MEL Scripts locations with tons of MEL scripts for download .
Create a Flowing Water Effect
Using particles learn how to manipulate the flow of them from a shower head into a tub as particles collide with the surface of the tub in a water-ish motion .
Missile Animation
Create a missile animation in Maya using instancers to create a group of missiles .
Create a Stormy Ocean
Use the fluid effects inside of Maya to create an awesome Stormy ocean animation .
Model and LCD Screen
Learn how to model a basic LCD screen in Maya . Very basic tutorial .
Making a Blizzard
Learn how to make a simple blizzard using the particle instancer .
Making Tank Treads
Using a MEL script called AS_TreadsCreation , create tank treads with just a few clicks , and apply that to your tank models .
Fast Puffy Explosions
Learn how to make simple puffy explosions using fluids .
Vector Pass and Composite Workflow
Learn how to utilize Maya render pass system to output motion vectors as your main render pass , then use that pass into Maya composite ( Toxik ) to get the motion blur without having to render it within Maya .
Rigging Dosch 3D : Humans V2
Learn how to use Maya to rig the Dosch 3D Humans products . Even if you do n't have the product it 's still a good watch .
Troubleshooting Mental Ray Rendering
Simple video from the Autodesk Channel on troubleshooting the Mental Ray rendering process .
Building Dynamic Curves
Learn how to use Maya 's Dynamic Curve Feature to create animation such as curtains , chains , ropes or wires .
Maya 2010 New Feature : Matchmover
A quick look at the basic Matchmover feature included with Maya 2010 .
Gaseous Effects
Learn how to create some gaseous effects in this two part episode on the Autodesk channel with Duncan Brinsmead and Neehar Karniks : Part 1 Part 2
Water Wakes
Learn how to create some water wakes in this two part episode on the Autodesk channel with Duncan Brinsmead and Neehar Karniks : Part 1 Part 2
Water , Spray and Foam
Following the last two tutorials , learn how to create water spray and foam in this episode on the Autodesk channel with Duncan Brinsmead and Neehar Karniks .
Oceans and the Hieght Field Node
Learn how to create some water wakes in this two part episode on the Autodesk channel with Duncan Brinsmead and Neehar Karniks : Part 1 Part 2
Hyper-Real Hand Modeling
This tutorial series , hosted by Jeff Unay , shows you how to model a realistic hand using Mudbox and Maya . 4-parter : Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4
Sublimating Objects
Follow Sergey Tsyptyn as they show some magic tricks on using dynamics in Maya to sublimate an object : Part 1 Part 2
Modeling With Dynamics
Part 1 Part 2
Third Floor Using Maya for PreViz
Chris Edwards , CEO of Third Floor Studio walk us through the process of previz they utilize Maya for .
Ambient Occlusion
Learn how to set up good ambient occlusion using the mib_amb_occlusion node .
Making Blendshapes
Read some background and get some beginner tips on making Blendshapes .
Combining Toon Wireframe and Ambient Occlusion
Pretty obvious , this is a tutorial on getting the effect of rendering a wireframe over the ambient occlusion .
Rendering Wireframe Using ToonShader
Quite simple , learn how to render wireframe with the Toon Shader .
Scripts From Crunk
Here is a collection of scripts from artbycrunk.com . Very useful stuff .
Modeling Landscape
You will learn how to model a scenery or landscape with maya NURBS plane and Paint Brush Effects .
Making of Gordon Ramsay
Jason Edwards walks you through their 3d caricature creation of chef Gordon Ramsay .
Making of The Rider
Christopher Adajar shows you how they created their challenge winner , `` The Rider '' within Maya .
Making Snow
Niklas Brandin shows you how they made snow on top of their model in Maya 2010 .
Making of Kid
Rakesh Sandhu explains how they created their amazingly realistic work , Kid .
Vray For Maya Demo
Dennis Holmboe shows you how to use the plugin , Vray for Maya .
Flying Arrows
Sketchy Pictures shows you how to make a cool flying arrows effect in Maya .
Animated Arrows
A lot different and more wild than the last tutorial , this one shows you how to make animated arrow that just are n't flying forward wildly , but all over the place .
Creating a Lava Lamp
Here is a step by step project for the modeling , shading , lighting , and rendering of a realistic looking lava lamp .
Model a Coke Bottle
Using Photoshop along with Maya , Hamed Sabri shows you how to model a coke bottle including all the little details .
Making of 'Jean-Luc Picard '
Miriam Bonetti shows you how they created this awesome portrait of Captain Jean-Luc Picard from Star Trek using Mudbox , Photoshop and Maya .
Making of the Joker
Mohammadtaghi Aibaghi Esfehani shows you how they used Maya , ZBrush , and Photoshop to create this amazing rendition of the Joker .
making of `` Snapshot of a Zombie ''
Using Modo , Maya , ZBrush and 3D-Coat , Jelle Van de Weghe shows you how this creepy character head was created .
Making of the Prince
Robert Vari takes you through the steps they took to create their cute little frog prince concept .
Making of Male Green Frog
Massimo Righi shows you how they created this very realistic work , `` Male Green Frog . ''
Making of TigerZoo
Another making of from Massimo , this one is on their work `` Tiger Zoo . ''
Making of The Last Elf
This is an interesting making of , it is in the form of an interview , complete with screenshots of the process as well .
Making of Quiet Room
Learn how this creepy , scary type of scene was made completely with Maya and Photoshop .
Making of the Fruit Tarts
Hau Ming Li created this awesome making of tutorial on making these delectable foodies by using Maya , Photoshop , and Mental Ray .
Making of the Standing Beauty
Warning , this contains CG Nudity : NSFW ! Moving on ... this is an absolutely gorgeous piece of art , and Asan Umerov takes you from concept sketches to the final stages of the project .
Making of the Steam Master
This actually more of a project overview of how to create this Next Gen game head by Sorin Lupu .
Making of Gladiator
This piece actually won second prize in a CGArena 3D Challenge . This uses mostly Maya and Photoshop to create this epic gladiator battle scene .
Facial Animation Rig for Delgo
Warren Grubb , the Animation Director for Fathom Studios on the film Delgo , explains how the facial animation rig was created and how it works .
High Polygon Realistic Character Creation
This is exactly what the title says . You will check out the modeling , UV Map and Texturing , Rigging , Pose/Animating processes as well as applying polygon smooth nodes , and finally rendering .
Revolution
Check out the making of by Zhang Yand and how this Matrix-esque piece was created .
Lava Shader Effect
Learn how to create a realistic looking lava shader effect .
Using nCloth with Character Animation
Learn the basics of nCloth and a ton of its many uses along with character animation .
In Case You Missed It On CGtuts+ ...
Build a Reusable Light Rig
In this tutorial you will learn how to setup a basic lighting rig in Maya . Specifically , this tutorial covers Lighting , Cameras , Render Settings , and some basic touch-up techniques in Photoshop . Once you 've completed this tutorial , you will have a light rig that you can use to quickly render out professional quality images of your model .
Create a Spectacular Crash Animation With Maya Dynamics
It is always great to learn new animation tools and techniques that can help you to bring your creations to life . In this tutorial we will learn how to use Maya 's powerful animation , dynamics , and camera tools to create an explosive crash effect between two vehicles . Part 1 Part 2
Model and Texture a Photorealistic USB Cable with Maya and Mental Ray
In this tutorial you will go through the process of modeling and rendering a Photorealistic USB cable in Autodesk Maya . You will also learn to use Mental Ray , along with the new architectural materials , rendering layers , and Photoshop , to create a fast , accurate , and photorealistic depth of field .
Part 1 Part 2
Advanced Lighting and Caustics with Mental Ray and Maya
In this tutorial you will learn how to use the 3 indirect lighting systems in Maya ( Global Illumination , Final Gathering , and Irradiance Particles ) and caustics . You will learn how to solve common problems and reduce rendering times while creating hi-quality images . At the end of this tutorial , you will have gained enough experience to decide which of the 3 indirect lighting systems is the most convenient for any situation .
Create a New York Subway Entrance
In this three part video tutorial series , lead video game artist , Ron Davey , will walk you through the process of creating a game-ready environment prop in Autodesk Maya , and also share their personal techniques and thoughts along the way .
Part 1 Part 2
How to Create an Awesome Fire Effect Using Maya Fluids
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a fire animation inside Maya , and adjust the settings for your own projects . We will create the fire from scratch using Maya Dynamics and Fluids . The fire animation we will create can be rendered using both Maya software and Mental Ray .
Model and Texture a Posh Living Room Scene
In this tutorial you will go through the process of modeling and rendering a Living Room in Autodesk Maya . You will also learn to use Mental Ray ( along with the new architectural materials ) , create realistic fur , and implement studio lighting to create nice and soft shadows and highlights .
Part 1 Part 2
Create a Cool Looking Molecule Effect in Maya and After Effects
This tutorial will focus on creating a cool molecule type object with Maya and finish the project off in After Effects . We will begin by modeling the molecule in maya , then create a shader via the hypershade panel and assign it to the object , and render out a still image . Lastly we will take it into After Effects , and create a camera that drifts and zooms towards the molecule . We will also add a few particles to the scene and comp it all together .
Making of “ The Tunnel ” in Maya and Photoshop
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a fantastic tunnel scene in Maya , and then add some final lighting touches in Photoshop . You will follow Abed Ibrahim through their process of modeling , texturing , shading , and rendering techniques , and finally arrive at the spectacular result that is shown here .
Part 1 Part 2 Part 3
How to Create a Realistic Looking Dirt Layer using Maya Transfer Maps
When attempting to add realistic looking dirt and grime to your 3d art , it can sometimes be a little too easy to go overboard . In this tutorial you will learn a simple technique of adding dust and dirt to your 3d objects , without overdoing it , to finally give them a more lifelike and realistic feel . The software we will be using is Maya , but this technique can be used on almost any 3d model , and can easily be acieved in all of the major 3d packages on the market .
Create Awesome Cloth Simulations using nDynamics
Dynamics simulations can be a powerful tool when trying to generate realistic looking effects that would be very difficult to achieve manually . In this tutorial you will learn how to use nDynamics ' passive colliders and ncloth objects , in conjunction with fields like air and gravity , to easily simulate realistic dynamic objects such as a windy flag or a water container .
Effectively use Constraints to Rig Non-Spherical Eyes
In this tutorial you will learn how to effectively use constraints to rig any misshapen , non-spherical , cartoon eye . Not every model has a circular eye , and the shape of your eye should n't stand in your way . The tutorial is written for Autodesk Maya 2009 .
If you enjoyed this post , please give it a vote on Digg or a stumble to say thanks !
“ That Skin Looks Horrible ”
You import your footage , pull it up in Premiere . You start sorting through some exterior footage and things are looking epic . Finally you get to some clips with people in it . The skin tones suck . You want to know how to get good skin tones but… The skin of your actor is so magenta it looks like they are a pink elephant . Or worse , they 're greener than a frog .
How to get good skin tones ?
Skin tones that look like garbage . This is a problem I 've run into over and over again . Especially when I 'm shooting an interview and the person is the focal point of my video . Crappy skin tones can ruin the entire video for me .
My Skin Tones Do n't Look Like Hollywood
Even when my skin tones looked ‘ OK , ' compared to Hollywood films I was always left disappointed . Hollywood films have this crisp tone that match from scene to scene . My colors were all over the place .
While working on short narrative films , getting good skin tones that matched was even tougher . I 'd be dealing with different footage , from different locations , with completely different lighting setups . Even with correct exposure and white balance the skin of the actors looked dull in some scenes and bright in others .
For me , I did n't want to download resolve and pay ( the free version does n't support 4k ) . So I thought that I would be stuck with these tones . Fixing those tones was the next step to take my films from looking ‘ amateur ' to ‘ expert . '
My Multiple Camera Interviews Looked Trashy
The worst experience I 've had with skin tones is when I use multiple cameras in interview settings . I remember shooting on a Sony FS700 as my main camera , then I had a close upside angle with a Canon 7D . Talk about tough color profiles to match in post-production .
I 'd import the footage and cringe at the green skin of the FS700 and the magenta skin of the 7D . This is not how to get good skin tones .
I 'd pull up some curves and even apply a LUT . Generally though , this would reveal how off my skin tones truly were .
How Can I Save Skin Tones After Adding a ‘ Look '
If you know nothing about skin tones , you should know they naturally exist at the following line in the scopes here :
The problem I ran into is I 'd start to adjust my skin tones to this line using curves , but it would end up ruining the ‘ look ' I was trying to go for .
I agree that curves , levels , and brightness/contrast are part of the necessary tools . But there is one tool that has helped me immensely over the years .
How to Adjust Skin Tones Only
The best way to achieve great skin tones is to make sure you balance all your cameras . This means matching up color temps , exposure , etc . But as we talked about before , we do n't live in a perfect world . So let me introduce you to the magic tool I use and how to get good skin tones .
It 's the HSL ( Hue / Saturation ) tool . You can use this to adjust colors in a variety of color grading pieces of software including Resolve . It also works in editing programs like Premiere and After Effects too .
* * * In Premiere : Use HSL Secondary controls in the Lumetri Color panel ! * * *
Let me break down how I use it to adjust , match , and fix JUST my skin tones .
First , you want to use both your scopes . Or pull up a reference image with skin tones you adore .
For the reference image try to find one with an actor that has a similar skin color as your person . This is key in how to get good skin tones .
Now apply the Hue / Saturation / Luminance ( HSL ) tool to your first clip .
Let me break down what these terms mean .
Hue : the color / shade
Saturation : intensity of color
Luminance : intensity of light
What 's so powerful about the HSL tool is you can tweak specific color ranges . So you can grab all the reds in your footage and saturation so it 's extremely intense ( 150 saturation ) , or remove the red entirely ( 0 saturation ) .
We 're going to use the red / orange hue to effect our skin tones the most .
First we need to adjust our color range . Select red / orange from the preset . Now bump up the Saturation to +100 so you can see what colors in your frame are selected . Now adjust the color range and try to only select the skin tones .
Now that your skin is selected you can lower the saturation back to normal .
Now It 's Time for the Hue
Next you can start to adjust the HUE . The trick here is to go hard then reel it back in slowly .
Adjust the skin tones until it matches the scope or the reference image of your choosing . Keep in mind the scope is the natural spot for skin tones . But it 's possible you want you footage to be stylized , or a unique light is hitting your subject . You can use HSL to adjust all this .
VS
This adjusted one ^ is closer to the skin line !
The cool thing about the HSL tool is you can match your skin tones throughout and make them consistent . Once you 've finished your first clip , you can export a screen grab and use this as your new reference . Now rinse and repeat these steps with your following clips . You 'll have a consistent skin tone throughout . This is how to get good skin tones .
Use the HSL Tool to Match More Than Just Skin
You can also use this technique to match different camera skin tones . And with HSL you can match more than skin tones . You can use it to hone in your entire color palette .
Here 's some famous film color palettes from hollywood films you can try to achieve with the HSL .
What now ?
I want to give you the 10 film reference images that I generally use to eyeball skin ( along with scopes ) . First CLICK HERE to tweet this article out if you found it helpful . Then download the 10 skin images below !
Want 10 film reference images that I use to match my skin with ? Enter your name and email and I 'll send the 10 references right to your inbox !
Viacom networks Spike UK and Channel 5 will broadcast the ABC mech combat format BattleBots in the UK after what its distributor described as a “ bidding war ” .
The show will go head to head in the UK with BBC Two rebooted Robot Wars , which has a similar format as both series were born out of the same Robot Wars live events of the late 1990s . Robot Wars launches in the UK on July 24 .
DTT channel Spike will launch BattleBots this summer , sharing rights with broadcast network sister Channel 5 after Viacom won what Sky Vision claimed was a fierce bidding process for a “ substantial multi-season ” agreement . The company had n't named rival bidders at press time .
Nine Network in Australia , Discovery Networks Germany , CEEMEA ( central and eastern Europe , the Middle East and Africa ) and Latin America , Bell Media network Z in Canada , Sony Pictures Television in Asia and A & E in Asia have all bought the show already .
In the US , season two on ABC last month saw ratings up 30 % on the network 's ratings for the same slot last year . The show , from Whalerock Industries and BattleBots Inc , sees 48 teams and their bots competing to eliminate each other from a knock-out tournament in the world 's largest bullet-proof arena in LA .
“ Battlebots is boisterous , fun and hugely entertaining , and we are thrilled to be delivering more new and exclusive content to our Spike audience , ” said Anna-Belen Dunlop , Spike 's acquisitions and Channel 5 's channel manager .
Leona Connell , director of sales at Sky 's distribution arm , Sky Vision , said buyers were “ reacting swiftly and decisively with offers , and the Spike UK deal is testament to the mainstream primetime appeal of the show ” .
From the moment they 're born , babies are highly attuned to communicate and motivated to interact . And they 're great listeners .
New research from the University of Notre Dame shows that during the first year of life , when babies spend so much time listening to language , they 're actually tracking word patterns that will support their process of word- learning that occurs between the ages of about 18 months and two years .
`` Babies are constantly looking for language clues in context and sound , '' says Jill Lany , assistant professor of psychology and director of Notre Dame 's baby lab , where they conduct studies on how babies acquire language .
`` My research suggests that there are some surprising clues in the sound stream that may help babies learn the meanings of words . They can distinguish different kinds of words like nouns and verbs by information in that sound stream . ''
Lany 's studies show that babies as young as 12 months can identify `` adjacent relationships '' in which a phrase or sound like `` it 's a '' occurs immediately before an object .
`` If I were to say to you , 'Oh look , it 's a dax , ' you might not know what a 'dax ' is , but the cue 'it 's a ' lets a baby know that what follows are an object , '' Lany says .
Similarly , if a person were to say , `` I 'm daxing it , '' the same principal is at work with cues and word patterns that indicate a verb or action word . Babies actually can use these patterns as clues to the meanings of new words they are learning .
By about 15 months , babies are able to track more complicated `` non-adjacent relationships '' in which the word cue may be even further removed .
`` We often think about grammar coming after word-learning , but in fact , my research shows that all this information that babies are picking up in that first year of life about how words are occurring in their language , actually is supporting this process of word-learning prior to mastery of language . ''
A German police report has described scenes during the mass assaults on women in Cologne on New Year 's Eve as “ chaotic and shameful. ” It outlined the highly inappropriate behavior of perpetrators , described as migrants , who demanded respect from police .
Outlined by Der Spiegel and Bild newspapers on Thursday , the report described how police became too overwhelmed to prevent the `` fights , thefts , sexual assaults against women . ”
“ When we arrived , our vehicles were pelted with firecrackers , ” the author of the report said . “ In the forecourt and on the cathedral steps were a thousand people , mostly males of an immigrant background who were indiscriminately throwing fireworks and bottles into the crowd . ”
The author also said that at one point police feared there could be fatalities .
Some of the `` heavily intoxicated '' perpetrators reportedly tore up residence permits in front of police saying : “ You ca n't touch me . I 'll just go back tomorrow and get a new one . ''
Read more
Its author also quoted one of the men engaged in the unrest as saying : `` I 'm a Syrian ! You have to treat me kindly ! [ Chancellor Angela ] Merkel invited me . ''
The German Interior Ministry stated on Friday that 18 of the 29 men were asylum seekers , Reuters reported .
A police officer anonymously told The Expressnewspaper that their squad had detained several people who had `` only been in Germany for a few weeks . ”
“ There were 14 from Syria and one was from Afghanistan , ” they said .
The level of disrespect towards police was “ like I have never experienced in my 29 years of public service , '' the author concluded .
They said that police officers who had been trying to reach people calling out for help were prevented from pushing their way through . Orders to leave the premises of the train station were ignored as well .
A lack of resources prevented security representatives from taking repeated offenders into custody as well as promptly registering all of the complaints at the scene , the report says . Witnesses were reportedly threatened when they tried to help identify the perpetrators .
Cologne police were not prepared to deal with the mass sexual assaults , the city 's police chief told RT on Wednesday .
`` Eventually we had a situation where a large group of men is going after women . We did intervene and help . But I 'll admit that we were totally bewildered by it all . We have never encountered incidents like this before and we were n't prepared for it , '' Cologne Chief of Police , Wolfgang Albers , said .
German media said that police were “ frustrated at their inability to help . ”
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , in turn , announced on Thursday that they would consider increasing police numbers and amending relevant laws .
`` What happened at New Year is completely unacceptable , '' Merkel told a news conference in Berlin . `` The feeling women had in this case of being completely defenseless and at mercy is for me personally intolerable and so it is important that everything that happened must come out into the open . ”
Read more
Merkel stressed the necessity to continue reviewing deportation policies and “ send a clear signal to people who do not want to stick to our legal framework . ''
The initial police report following the attacks in Cologne described the situation as “ relaxed. ” Local authorities later admitted the report was incorrect .
Police said in a statement on Thursday that about 121 criminal cases have been reported , including two cases of rape , while 16 suspects have been detained .
Merkel has been criticized for their open-armed migrant policy ; in 2015 Germany was the EU country to welcome the highest number of refugees . In their New Year 's address , German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for unity and solidarity across generations , social and ethnic backgrounds , and termed the ongoing refugee crisis an opportunity for the country .
European Studies professor , Laslo Maracs , told RT that the incident in Cologne stems from the fact that authorities could n't be further from tackling the refugee crisis .
“ We see often in such cases that the victims are blamed : the victims should follow a code of conduct , and not the people who have been committing crimes taken responsible for the things they have been doing ! ”
“ It shows me that we are very far from solving integration puzzles , from building a society where more cultures could be accommodated or adopted . It shows that there is a lot of panic among city and regional governors . The situation is not under control , ” they said .
- Advertisement -
Crossposted from Axis of Logic
Robert Thompson
- Advertisement -
Avocat Honoraire au Barreau de Boulogne-sur-Mer
22 rue de l'Eglise
- Advertisement -
62990 RIMBOVAL
FRANCE
Mr Barack Obama
President of the U.S.A .
White House
- Advertisement -
WASHINGTON D.C .
U.S.A .
10th March 2009
Mr President ,
I am a 77 years old retired Avocat , in poor health and living in the north of France , but , in my time , I have had practical hands-on experience of international law at the highest world-wide level and of criminal law ( among other disciplines ) at all levels . By chance , I have never visited your country , but friends on your side of the Atlantic do their best to inform me of what is going on in the U.S.A. My professional experience makes me feel free to give you frank advice as might any senior lawyer to a younger colleague .
You have come to your present post at a comparatively young age , and this should ensure that you have the strength and vigour to stand up to the pressures which you are now facing , and will inevitably continue to face . Unfortunately , in order to get elected , you had to make some vague perhaps excessively wide campaign quasi-promises which you should now yourself review critically and with the greatest of care , without accepting advice from persons who have other interests at heart than the well-being of both the U.S.A. and the wider world outside its borders . You have taken a solemn oath to protect the true interests of your country , and you should bear them constantly in mind , whatever anyone tries to get you to do .
It is appropriate to inform you that I have for many years very closely followed events in the Near and Middle East , and I feel that you appear to be heading for disaster in your handling of intervention in that area and in Afghanistan and Pakistan to the east of it .
The genuine interests of the U.S.A. anywhere in the world are to make life everywhere safer for all , since your fellow-citizens can not benefit from any hostility which then goes on to become hatred . This hatred in its turn finally inspires the oppressed to take action against the U.S.A. as the clearly perceived oppressor , whether directly or indirectly . Extremely clever propaganda by some of the world 's greatest experts seems to have made you ( like many of your people , and despite your father 's heritage ) believe that you must continue the war against Islam waged by several of your predecessors , and which Mr George W. Bush cynically called the `` War against Terror '' .
I am myself a committed and practising Catholic Christian , and I have many dear friends who belong to other bodies inspired by their belief in Jesus or who are followers of Judaism or of Islam . Knowing such people , I do not believe that any genuine believer in the merciful God who is love can ipso facto be treated as my enemy or as the enemy of justice and freedom .
Those who wish to pervert their religion into one of hate are far too common , ranging from al-Qaeda to Zionism and including many preachers ( particularly in your country ) who encourage hatred in the name of Christianity . These latter should be encouraged in their turn to re-read the Ten Commandments and the Beatitudes . The U.S.A. can have no interest in continuing their support for invaders and oppressors , as they do at present in many parts of the world , and , most notably of all , in the Holy Land , where the Muslim and Christian indigenous people have for over sixty years suffered at the hands of invaders . You need look no further than to this chronic injustice to see why your country is the object of so much hatred , not only on the part of Arabs but also ( far more widely ) throughout the Muslim ouma ( community ) all around the world .
You need to be bold and to face the fact that the roots of what your immediate predecessor called `` Terror `` lie in the actions of successive administrations in the U.S.A. , who have signally failed to take account of the feelings or of the reasonable interests of so many defenceless victims of oppression , often with massive financial , military and diplomatic backing from the U.S.A . This means that you must bring about real tangible CHANGE ( to quote your campaign slogan ) in your country 's behaviour .
The world does not need any lead from the U.S.A. to promote justice and freedom , but it desperately needs to see that your country is willing to work with all men and women of good will towards peace and harmony on every continent . Every time that your administration makes a move which is hostile to another country , the world is that bit more destabilised , and the likelihood of further attacks on your country and on its citizens increases .
I beg you , in the name of humanity , to make that CHANGE , so that we can all benefit from a more stable and thereby more peaceful and just world . Think of your own children 's future , and that of all the other children in the world .
Yours sincerely ,
While the Russians were busy training dogs to deliver their tank-stopping charges ( like a bunch of assholes ) , Nazi Germany took a more technocentric approach to its anti-armor efforts . The result : a deadly R/C mini-tank laden with more than 200 pounds of explosives . Thank goodness these things were so easy for the Allies to disarm .
Dubbed the SdKfz 302 ( Sonderkrafahzeug , German for special-purpose vehicle ) but better known as the Leichter Ladungsträger ( light charge carrier ) to its Nazi operators and the Goliath to the Allies , this unique weapon of war was first developed in occupied France in 1940 by French vehicle designer Adolphe Kégresse . Upon learning that the Germans had taken an interest in their vehicle , Kégresse ( not unlike Bugatti ) attempted to hide their prototype from the Nazis by sinking it in the Seine river . Unfortunately , officials from the Wehrmacht ( the German Department of Homeland Security ) were able to recover the prototype and had German automaker Carl F W Borgwand put it into production .
Advertisement
The Goliath stood a foot tall , four feet long , and could carry anywhere from 50 to 100 kg of explosives . Its tracks allowed the remotely operated vehicle to scale the walls of trenches and battlefields but slowed its top speed to just 6 mph . It was controlled via joysticks connected by three 2,130 foot-long cables—one each for steering , throttle , and load detonation .
The Goliaths were originally equipped with electric motors when they made their battlefield debuts in 1942 across the European theater—finding extensive use with Panzer and combat engineering units . However at 3000 Reichsmarks a pop , these motors proved far too expensive and maintenance intensive for use in what was essentially a remote controlled wheelbarrow filled with dynamite . As such , the electric motor was quickly swapped out for a cheaper , simpler , and far louder gas engine . This turned out to be a boon for Allied forces .
Advertisement
With the loud puttering of a gas engine , Allied forces could easily locate the Goliaths before they found their way to their targets then deactivate them simply by cutting the control wires . The Polish resistance employed this tactic to great effect during the Warsaw Uprising of 1944 while the Americans that faced these diabolical devices at Normandy deactivated them with the help of concentrated off-shore artillery barrages .
In all , more than 7,500 Goliaths were produced between 1942 and the end of the war . Their effectiveness during the war is certainly up for debate but these devices helped set the stage for postwar ROV and UAV developments . [ Wiki - Military History ]
Advertisement
Top Image : baku13
Summer is here , and it 's high time to hit the beach . But there 's plenty about Florida you may not know . ( Paul Marcellini /Alamy Stock Photo )
Ordinarily at this point in the slow , hot summer , American journalists would be out of stories and looking to Florida — my allegedly strange longtime home — for “ weird news ” inspiration . We do n't have that problem this year , because America elected a part-time Florida Man as president . But Floridians still have to deal with an unearned reputation as a nexus of the bizarre and the tragic . “ Sometimes I think I 've figured out some order in the universe , ” Susan Orlean famously wrote , “ but then I find myself in Florida , swamped by incongruity and paradox , and I have to start all over again. ” Here are five common myths about America 's sun-soaked southerly proboscis .
Myth No . 1
Florida is a cultural wasteland .
Per Gawker , “ The middle of the state is a cultureless void from which crystal meth ( or , like , moving away ) is the only escape. ” One can find defenses of individual cities ( for example , Jacksonville ) or particular coastal hot spots , but one of the most-Googled questions related to Florida is nonetheless “ Why is Florida so trashy ? , ” and that seems to reflect the nation 's general sentiment .
Sure , we 're the land of Disney World and Universal Studios and stucco and strip malls . We have that weird double existence that characterizes a lot of frontier or colonial destinations : We 've been stereotyped as the exotic “ other , ” then we capitalized on the stereotype 's allure to drive the local economy , then we lost track of what was real and what was just a reductive stereotype . Now , it all blends together . As they said in our old tourism ad from the “ Miami Vice ” days , “ The rules are different here . ”
But Florida 's proud , contrived role as a lazy , breezy , escapist state of nature yields something nobody could have predicted : lots of cultural heroes , large and small . Consider these icons : Southern-rock legends Lynyrd Skynyrd , Doors frontman Jim Morrison , Flo Rida , Johnny Depp , Tom Petty , Norman Reedus , Zora Neale Hurston , Tao Lin and Kate DiCamillo . Do n't say we never did anything for you .
Myth No . 2
Florida is separate from the Deep South .
According to the Sun Sentinel , “ Florida is not the South. ” If you wanted graphic evidence , the Miami New Times supplied 19 maps in 2015 “ That Prove South Florida Is Not Really the South . ”
It 's possible that we have more Mets fans than Queens , and it 's certain that we have more Mets fans than Marlins fans . But if you 've ever traveled down the Panhandle 's Redneck Riviera to eat oysters in Apalachicola or made a pilgrimage to watch college football in Doak and the Swamp , you know there 's a lot of twang to go with the Tang . There really is a place called the Flora-Bama , situated exactly where you 'd expect , and it really does host an annual mullet toss ( the fish , not the hairdo , but you always see some of both ) .
The cliche about the differences between northern Florida ( red-state rednecks ) and South Florida ( pasty invaders and “ Latins ” ) are n't right , either . Drive a few miles west of Fort Lauderdale , and your car will have to yield for horses . Remember Bob Graham , the soft-lilted cowpoke who served for decades as a left-center governor and senator ? He 's a Miami native . Yes , you can grow up sounding like that in Miami . Even South Florida 's deep-blue urbanites can see social and cultural remnants of the South — for instance , the state park that used to be a blacks-only beach , and neighborhood divisions that persist years after Jim Crow .
That 's all of Florida , in its beauty , ugliness and guilt . We are completely Southern . We are also completely Yankee , completely Latin American and completely committed to believing in mathematical impossibilities .
Myth No . 3
Florida is ready for the next big hurricane .
“ Cutler Bay Florida is hurricane ready ! ” declares one municipal ad ; last year , Florida 's “ top finance and insurance regulators ” confirmed to the Miami Herald that the state was indeed prepared for another hurricane season . Oops .
Named storms are a seasonal fixture , but until Hurricane Matthew gave us all a serious scare last year , Floridians had n't had a real blow since 2004 and 2005 , when they got blitzed by six hurricanes . Since then , the state 's population has grown by 15 percent — meaning at least 2.5 million new residents have probably never lived through a storm of significant size , much less a Wilma or an Andrew . And complacency abounds , even among old-timers . “ That is a very scary thought from an emergency manager 's perspective , ” Orlando 's emergency manager said , back in the middle of our mostly storm-free decade .
Gov . Rick Scott 's administration is light on real storm experience , too . Scott appointed an out-of-state Walmart executive as their emergency preparedness director in 2011 amid a push to privatize some of the state 's disaster response programs . ( Little of that privatization has materialized . ) Scott 's administration is also accused of barring state-employed scientists from discussing climate change or sea-level rise . It 's not easy preparing 20 million people for one disaster when you 're busy pretending another disaster does n't exist .
Myth No . 4
Floridians are impossibly divided along political lines .
In 2015 , southern Floridians threatened to secede from the rest of the state , citing political differences with northern Floridians . And prior to last year 's presidential election , pundits observed that the contest could be decided by Florida , “ the Divided Sunshine State. ” It has been conventional wisdom since the 2000 recount that Florida is hopelessly split along political lines . Apparently , we 're a purplish state with a reddish government and bluish social tendencies .
But both sides are united by a love of the market . Indeed , the pro-business tendency is no less powerful among liberals , from South Florida — where many a real estate developer , D or R , has had a historically easy path to a mayorship — to Tallahassee , where even deep-blue Democratic gubernatorial hopefuls are known to boast about the size of their business tax repeals . One party wants pro-business decisions made by bureaucrats , and the other party wants pro-business decisions made by transnational consortiums owned by shell corporations . Accordingly , Florida has been rapidly rising on lists of business-friendly states in recent years , even making the top 10 in a recent CNBC ranking .
We got there through a long , two-party effort .
Myth No . 5
The Florida housing market has learned its lesson .
That the Orlando Business Journal wants to let you in on “ 4 lessons learned ” from Central Florida 's real estate bubble , and Florida Today is already advising caution for home buyers based on the last big real estate bust , might make you think Florida has learned its lesson when it comes to inflated markets . But it does n't look that way .
Between 2003 and 2007 was a hell of a time to be a Floridian : It seemed like everyone was a mortgage originator or a house-flipper . Obviously , that all ended , and a lot of people lost their butts on a “ correction ” in property values . Problem solved : Many Floridians do n't even have enough money to place another bad bet .
But once again , the Florida real estate market is doing great . There 's a boom in sales and prices , and buyers have a lot of options — if they have half a million bucks or more to spend . In South Florida , even modest , fixer-upper apartments in sad neighborhoods are getting plucked up by cash buyers looking for rental income . Big-money and foreign investors are bidding up prices , perhaps precipitously so , on luxury and high-rise properties . ( Zdravstvuyte , Russian friends ! )
What happens when the dollar strengthens , the Trump real estate name fizzles and those investors look to dump their stock ? Oh , probably another implosion , and three and even four generations of working family members living under one roof .
outlook @ washpost.com
Five myths is a weekly feature challenging everything you think you know . You can check out previous myths , read more from Outlook or follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter .
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture , bringing you the latest talking points from Japan , Korea , China and beyond . Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am .
Transformers are quite popular in China . Heck , the latest film is set in the country . There are many diehard Chinese fans . One of them shelled out $ 32,000 for their collection .
According to News 163 ( via ShanghaiIst ) , retired soldier Zhang Wei has been collecting Transformers since 2002 . So far , they and their wife have over 380 Transformers and has spent 200,000 yuan ( US $ 32,000 ) on the collection .
`` If the economic conditions permit , one does n't need to consider the cost of a hobby , '' Wei told News 163 ( via ShanghaiIst ) . And if they do n't ? Well .
Advertisement
青岛夫妻收藏380多个变形金刚 耗资20多万 [ News 163 via ShanghaiIst ]
To contact the author of this post , write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find them on Twitter @ Brian_Ashcraft .
Ever wonder why your childhood unfolded so unhurriedly , but your 30s passed on a light rail ?
Time perception is a construction of the brain . How fast we perceive time to be passing – or “ mind time ” – can be manipulated or distorted . Evaluations of time differ based on our state of being at the time of judgment . If you 're bored or suffering , every second counts , and time seems to expand or slow down . When you 're ecstatic , moments glitter right through your fingers .
Mind time also depends on your projected future state of being . If you 're counting down to a root canal , time speeds up as you wait . But if you 're tallying days until the birth of your first child , time seems immeasurably slow .
What would happen to our sense of time if we knew we could to live to be 150 ? Or even 500 ?
Proponents of “ radical longevity ” believe that the first person to live beyond 150 years is already born . Billionaire futurists like Peter Diamandis are helping to develop gene sequencing techniques to make 100 the new 60 . Other pioneers like Aubrey de Grey believe longevity research will enable “ longevity escape velocity , ” a point when our technological ability to add years to our lives catches up to passing time until we not only break even but defeat aging altogether .
Having more time sounds divine . But critics fear that longer lifespans will rob us of the urgency that lends life meaning and value and will motivate us to procrastinate more .
Is this true ?
Scientists , including Dr. Joseph Ferrari , distinguish between regular procrastinators and chronic procrastinators whose problems relate to emotional regulation , not just time management . Most of us are merely situational procrastinators , depending on the perceived nature of the task ( e.g . its “ utility ” ) combined with mood ( e.g . pessimism/optimism ) and personality attributes like self-discipline and impulsivity .
Given how many factors must align to impact the average person 's propensity to manage one 's time , it seems unlikely that living longer will change our existing habits on a wider scale .
Still , will living longer feel like longer ?
One theory contends that time speeds up as we get older if we consider the proportionality of time perception related to age . The older you get , the smaller one year is , as a percentage of your total life . So the years go by faster and faster . By the time you 're 98 , a year is little more than one percent of your whole life and feels fleeting .
But if you add more years , it wo n't fly as fast . As lifespans extend , one year of life at age 50 will feel longer for someone with a lifespan of 150 than 100 . Time will slow down .
From a mathematical angle , this makes sense . However , critics argue that proportionality theory ignores the role of attention , emotion , and novelty , and that it does n't matter how long our lives are , but instead what we fill our lives with .
Cognitive psychologists like Martin Conway say that we are most likely to vividly remember experiences from between the ages of 15 and 25 – a time of firsts : Our first sexual relationships , first jobs , first travel without parents , first time living away from home .
The salience – or memorability – of these experiences is heightened by their novelty , forming a “ reminiscence bump. ” As we enter our 30s and novelty subsides , fewer memories stick with us over time .
This is important , because the fewer memories we have within a time period , the faster that time period seems to fly , according to cognitive psychologists . With fewer salient memories in our older years , time speeds up incrementally .
That is , unless we fill those years with rich , new experiences . That 's precisely what longevity research aims to do : to increase not only the number of years lived but to enhance our health and functionality so we live more fully for longer .
Longer lives will conceivably allow us to have two or three careers , two or three serial marriages or family lives , and so on . Though this scenario now seems improbable – even off-putting – it may eventually become the norm .
From infancy to old age , we accomplish psychosocial goals ( e.g . formulating a sense of identity in adolescence ; maintaining psychological and biological integrity , as well as legacy , in old age ) . Memory theorists say our specific memories are clustered around these “ goal posts. ” The more we have , the more we experience and remember , and the more time passes slowly , abundantly .
Maybe the sense of “ urgency ” is n't what gives life meaning . Maybe a life with more time to create rich experiences and memories will be meaningful on its own , without the need to live in high-speed .
–By Kristin Kostick , Ph.D. , research associate in the Center for Medical Ethics and Health Policy at Baylor College of Medicine
Here 's further proof that basically everything goes better with Portal . Check out Ryan Kelly and their coworkers ' Portal-fied Christmas tree , which certainly beats the hell out of the 20 years ' worth of musty tinsel I festooned all over my folks ' Tannenbaum this very evening . Also , learn how to make this Aperture Science-infused arbor for next year .
Kelly broke down the construction process for io9 as such :
Basically , it 's our artificial tree which comes apart in three sections . The top section is suspended from the ceiling by an adhesive hook so it simply hangs downwards . The other two sections are connected and placed upside down on the floor - the tricky part is that the branches are meant to be kept extended out by gravity , so there is fishing line attached between each branch and what is usually the base of the tree , pulling the branches up towards the ceiling .
We then got two sets of rope lights ( blue and red as we could n't find orange ) . We laid the red out in a tight circle around the tree on the floor . The blue was wrapped in a circle , scotch taped to hold together , and then hung on to more adhesive hooks on the ceiling . Then we cut two circles of black poster board and placed these beneath the rope light rings to give them the feeling of holes . You barely see the black with all the branches and the portals lit up so it plays fairly well .
Finally , the hanging top piece did n't have branches that extended all the way up to the ceiling , so to cover the obvious gap we bought some artificial garland and wrapped that around it to match up with the ceiling . That way it looks like the tree continues up into the surface .
With a little bit of finessing , you can hide any of the obvious gaps and have one seamless tree .
How can a force that naebody can see push ye aff a balcony or in front o a train — or scrieve a sang that gies ye hope when ye 've had enough ?
The mind can be oor greatest freen or oor maist fearsome enemy .
Scottish men can be guid chanters an poet — but oor dour machismo means the same lyricism that can be brocht tae bear fir romancin , or fir gien folk inventive pelters , disnae aye extend tae spraffin aboot the sair fecht o depression .
It kills us — there were 728 registered suicides in Scotland in 2016 an the rate for men was mair nor twa and a half time that for women .
Men are less likely than women tae talk aboot their feelins an ask for help . This is sha n't by the fact that oot o aa the hunners o men the killed theirsels atween 2002 an 2012 , 72 % o them hadnae been in touch wi a doctor tae ask for help the year afore they deid .
But whit can we dae aboot it ? Cos haudin oor wheesht 's no an option .
Mental Health an Wark
The focus o World Mental Health day this year 's mental health in the warkplace .
A report fae Lord Stevenson an Mind showed that ane in ilk six UK warkers suffer fae mental health problems .
An the typical tips governments gie employers for supportin staff are worthy — spraffin tae yer manager , askin for help , daein mindfulness , takin breaks an so on .
But for me they treat the symptoms rather than the cause — an let employer aff the hook .
Ma experience
Woeful warkplace culture either worsens existin mental health problems or maks new anes — that 's ma view efter warkin at hame an abroad for organisations that answer tae the UK an Scottish Government .
Ah 'm still recoverin fae a recent experience warkin in a Non-Departmental Public Body ( or Quango ) here that 's a national regulator — so it enforces legal standards on how warkers in a certain sector should behave .
But its dearth o internal standards led tae me gettin coonsellin cos Ah was clinically stressed an depressed , an it had ma marriage on a shoogly peg tae .
Neither accoontable tae the Scottish folk nor tae the Government in Holyrood , quangos are hermetically-sealed boxes where dystopian dysfunctionality gets free skowf .
Some o the lowlights fae ma stint included : dodgy recruitment fuelled by favouritism and cronyism ; a manager wha wouldnae use the word ‘ integrity ' cos they didnae ‘ know whit it means ' ; an widespread bullyin fae management exposed in a staff survey done by the union .
A senior HR employee wha shouted in a ma pus during an official meetin wi ma manager efter Ah 'd been signed aff wi stress .
The same HR person heids the organisation 's healthy warking lives team — ye couldnae mak it up .
When values become wallpaper ye 're supposed tae tear them doon — but when they 're shite-paper it gies ye the boak .
The big pictur
Management often dismiss culture as airy-fairy an secretly dinnae ken or care aboot the difference between a boss an leader .
But pair culture an leadership stress millions o employees — an that causes health problems that are lethal . It 's a huge , hidden public health risk .
Ane in ilk five UK employees have resigned over a terrible boss an 82 % have experienced bad leadership — but when ye 've got bills tae pay and nae alternative wark , ye can be stuck spendin maist o yer wakin hours in a situation that maks ye sick .
It disnae mak sense for the bottom line either — absenteeism costs the economy billions each year . But when folk turn up tae wark in body but no in mind , it 's dearer yet — the cost o presenteeism is twice that o absenteeism .
But shitey cultures persist cos folk prefer power an control over effectiveness an efficiency — they 'll let the ship sink raither nor losin their turn at the tiller .
Whit employers should dae
Employers cannae pay lip service tae mental health — the HSE is noo mair likely tae investigate employers that dinnae comply wi responsibilities .
An firm might buck up once there 's mair coort cases won by warkers they 've neglected an abused .
Government can mak leadership trainin mandatory for aw public sector managers an mak emotional intelligence the main criterion for promotion .
Warkplaces need 360-degree feedback for aw staff an the behaviours that support organisational values nailed ontae performance management systems .
An value arenae aspirational but define the only acceptable wey tae behave . So folk that continually dinghy them should get their jotters — whether they 're a mail room junior or CEO .
We want tae be an independent nation that can haud it 's heid high , so Holyrood needs tae start sortin the wheat fae the chaff in local authority an quango management .
They operate wi impunity noo , but must be genuinely held tae account .
Whit we should dae
Scottish men should reach oot tae each other and talk , laugh an greet aboot how shite , braw an completely bamboozlin life is — in warkplaces , pubs , sports clubs an barber shops . There 's strength in shared sorrows as well as victories .
We should drop the macho act an talk tae partners , parents an bairn aboot mental health an tell them if we 're strugglin . We should talk tae oor doctors an demand help .
We should challenge bad behaviour at wark , record it and report it tae authorities .
So whether ye 're a pal or parent , warker or manager , behave wi compassion as ye go aboot yer business — ye dinnae ken whit the folk ye interact wi might be dealin wi .
Keepin the collective heid means we 've got tae open oor lugs an een as well as oor mooths — an develop the strong airms an warm hairts that convince us that , despite its chaos , pain an confusion , life 's worth livin efter aw .
· Call Samaritans on 116 123 or Breathing Space on 0800 83 85 87 tae chat when ye 're feelin doon .
· Click tae learn aboot the lifesavin wark done by Movember an The Lions Barber Collective .
Remember the myth of Oedipus , where the king of Ancient Thebes stabbed their own eyes after they realized he 'd killed their own father and married their mother ?
As gory as it sounds , intentionally blinding oneself is n't entirely mythical . Although rare , there have been cases of people seriously injuring their own eyes , and sometimes completely removing them . There 's even a technical term , self-enucleation , for the behavior of taking out your eyeballs .
Dr. Matthew Michael Large at the University of New South Wales in Sydney , Australia , and colleagues have analyzed the records of this behavior available , and published several journal articles on the subject . Their latest is in the British Journal of Ophthalmology , appearing this week .
Based on more than 50 reports of self-injury of the eyes over the past 50 years , the scientists argue that it is not necessarily a so-called Oedipal phenomenon ; people do not generally harm themselves this way because of guilt regarding incest . Instead , it is a symptom of untreated psychosis , Large and colleagues write .
The authors noted in a 2008 study that in no recorded culture is the eye ritually mutilated ; in fact , it is the only external body part for which this is the case .
They analyzed 89 published cases describing serious self-inflicted eye injury by patients with a diagnosis of a psychotic illness . Patients more commonly removed an eye than penetrating it , or inflicting other orbital injuries . “ Three patients blinded themselves with air guns and three patients sustained eye injuries in the course of attempting to stab their brains with a pen or pencil , '' the authors wrote .
Many patients also attempted or engaged in other violent acts : Two had previously committed homicide and there were several reports of serious assaults . And some had also tried other forms of self-mutilation : stabbing themselves in the neck , attempting to amputate their hands , or biting off their own tongues . Two patients attempted to amputate their own penises , and one castrated himself .
They cite a 1984 study in the journal Survey of Ophthalmology looking at 33 case reports , which found that half of them were young women , two-thirds had religious delusions and six cited the same Bible passage from Matthew :
“ And if thy right eye offend thee , pluck it out , and cast it from thee : for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish , and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell . ”
In 94 % of the 89 cases , patients had psychotic symptoms related to the eye - for instance , that the eye was evil or had threatening powers . And some believed that to save themselves or others , they had to sacrifice a normal eye . In 76 of the cases , there was a schizophrenia-related diagnosis .
“ None of the patients was reported to have self-enucleated for reasons that could be reasonably compared to the story of Oedipus , '' they write .
Mostly , patients injured themselves before getting treated . And they were n't only Christians of European descent , as some studies have suggested . Chinese , Japanese , Jewish and Muslim patients have also been documented , Large and colleagues write .
Eye injury of this nature is a medical and psychiatric emergency , they write . Patients should always consult with an ophthalmic surgeon immediately , and they should get prophylactic antibiotics and corticosteroids . A doctor should assess patients for vision loss in the other eye if only one eye was removed .
`` Although we hesitate to recommend restrictive treatment for any patient , in the situation of a ﬁrst or attempted self-enucleation , 1:1 nursing and the application of ﬁngerless mittens and arm restraints until antipsychotic treatment has taken effect might be the only way to prevent deluded and determined patients from blinding themselves , '' Large and colleagues write in the new study . `` Electro-convulsive therapy has also been described as a useful treatment . ''
Eye injuries are distinct from other forms of self-injury , which do n't necessarily have psychotic roots , say ethnographers Peter and Patti Adler , authors of `` The Tender Cut : Inside the World of Self-Injury . '' Cutting oneself and similar methods of self-harm are often motivated by troubled feelings , and see injuring themselves as a way to self-soothe , self-punish , or express inner bad feelings . Teenagers and adults experiencing these feelings are also known to engage in self-injury , as well as disadvantaged populations .
`` People with serious psychological problems may self-injure , but at this point in time there are many , many more people who self-injure because their lives are tough and they do n't know other ways of dealing with it , '' Adler and Adler told CNN in an e-mail .
But injury to the eye signifies more serious psychological problems , experts say . `` Although to the naked eye these behaviors may appear related , they are probably not that close , '' the Adlers said .
Alex | July 8 , 2018
Great Board , Worth Cost
For PICA Reprap Arduino Mega Shield
I bought the 24v version of this board for a custom prusa i3 project but needed more mosfets than a ramp provided , which is when I stumbled upon this . I just finished the build , and this board is doing an excellent job powering the machine . I added two trinamic tmc2130 drivers , which worked after a bit of fiddling . I used soldered on the surface mount spi points on the lcd expansions and used two servo outputs as SPI CS lines . These run my x and y axes . This machine uses the e3d chimera , which it handles well . one pleasant surprise with the kit a set of .25 '' female terminals for all the quick connects ; I expected to buy these myself .
I had to do a fair bit of digging to make this board work with tmc 2130 drivers . The Github documentation could use some work as the board is currently on rev `` E '' and the documentation does not do a great job differentiating between them . There are a few half done schematics and a few full done ones , so be careful about that . If adding the pica.h file to an existing marlin copy , be sure to open pins.h and boards.h and add a few lines to make the board definitions work . Note , if using a reprapdiscount full graphic lcd refer to the post at https : //reprapwilson.discoursehosting.net/t/lcd-will-not-cooperate-with-pica-12v-revc-board-solved/523 . I thought my board was broke before reading this .
The build quality was all in all good . The board provides a solid 12v , 5v and 24v out , and all power connectors that are not included are fairly standard and versatile . The larger grounding plane and current control is a godsend for my project . It connected to a RAMPS clone very well and works well with existing marlin software . I highly recommend this board and will consider using it for future projects .
The Trump administration has brought its first foreign terrorism suspect to the United States to face charges , a break from its position that suspects be sent to the U.S. facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The New York Times reported Friday that the suspect , Ali Charaf Damache , was transferred from Spain and was scheduled to appear in court Friday in Philadelphia .
Damache is suspected of being a recruiter for Al-Qaeda and was charged by the Justice Department with helping plot the murder of a Swedish cartoonist who depicted Prophet Muhammad in cartoons .
Damache was charged alongside Mohammad Hassan Khalid , a Pakistani citizen and U.S. lawful permanent resident living in Maryland with `` conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists . '' Khalid was arrested in Ellicott City , Md. , on July 6 according to the Justice Department .
Damache is also charged with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and one count of attempted identity theft to facilitate an act of international terrorism , according to officials . If convicted , they face up to 45 years in prison .
Khalid , who faces one charge of conspiracy to provide material support , faces up to 15 years in prison .
ADVERTISEMENT
Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they have n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE has made comments as recently as March that the military prison at Guantanamo Bay should be used to house all terrorism suspects , arguing against the notion that they should be brought to U.S. soil for trial .
“ In general , I do n't think we 're better off bringing these people to federal court in New York and trying them in federal court where they get discovery rights to find out our intelligence , and get court-appointed lawyers and things of that nature , '' Sessions said in March .
Sessions and Trump have both spoken in favor of keeping the prison at Guantanamo Bay open , and using it to house terrorism suspects . In March , Sessions said the military prison was the `` perfect place '' for these suspects .
“ There 's plenty of space , ” they said . “ We are well equipped for it . It 's a perfect place for it . Eventually , this will be decided by the military rather than the Justice Department . But I see no legal problem whatsoever with doing that . ”
A 19-year-old arrested at a Donald Trump rally said they wanted to kill the presidential candidate .
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police arrested Michael Sandford on Saturday at Trump 's rally at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino .
Police say Sandford started chatting with one of their officers at the event and claimed they wanted to get Trump 's autograph . But instead , Sandford tried to take the officer 's gun , and officers quickly took them into custody .
6 PHOTOS Michael Sanford See Gallery Michael Sanford Man arrested at Donald Trump rally trying to take police officer 's gun says they wanted to kill candidate - court papers https : //t.co/ZCC2wbCAaM BREAKING : Man tried to grab cop 's gun to kill Trump , feds say https : //t.co/BdEPdhl8xx https : //t.co/oroI4Iigo0 Teen arrested at Trump rally in Vegas , intended to grab officer 's gun & kill the candidate @ jeffpeguescbs has more https : //t.co/qlGJ3hU7vk BREAKING : Man Who Grabbed Cop 's Gun at Trump Rally Wanted To Kill Candidate , Official Says - https : //t.co/bJsP1DpkCx https : //t.co/cYDFBM6e5A Police : A 19-year-old at a Trump rally tried to steal a gun and kill the candidate https : //t.co/fcPsWTAwP0 https : //t.co/tBPYIsFkF9 Secret Service : Man at rally said they wanted to kill Trump https : //t.co/11Av9WaZ3p https : //t.co/7j16ddIlkI Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Court documents say Sandford was identified by their driver 's license from the U.K. Sandford told investigators he 's been in the U.S. about a year and a half , living in Hoboken , New Jersey .
Sandford allegedly told investigators they practiced shooting at a nearby gun range the day before the rally .
When officials asked Sandford why they tried to take the officer 's gun , they said , `` To shoot and kill Trump , '' admitting that they expected to be killed during the attempt .
The 19-year-old was transferred into the custody of the U.S. Secret Service . He 's charged with attempting to commit an act of violence on restricted grounds .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Obama administration set a record again for censoring government files or outright denying access to them last year under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act , according to a new analysis of federal data by The Associated Press .
The government took longer to turn over files when it provided any , said more regularly that it could n't find documents and refused a record number of times to turn over files quickly that might be especially newsworthy .
It also acknowledged in nearly 1 in 3 cases that its initial decisions to withhold or censor records were improper under the law — but only when it was challenged .
Its backlog of unanswered requests at year 's end grew remarkably by 55 percent to more than 200,000 . It also cut by 375 , or about 9 percent , the number of full-time employees across government paid to look for records . That was the fewest number of employees working on the issue in five years .
The government 's new figures , published Tuesday , covered all requests to 100 federal agencies during fiscal 2014 under the Freedom of Information law , which is heralded globally as a model for transparent government . They showed that despite disappointments and failed promises by the White House to make meaningful improvements in the way it releases records , the law was more popular than ever . Citizens , journalists , businesses and others made a record 714,231 requests for information . The U.S. spent a record $ 434 million trying to keep up . It also spent about $ 28 million on lawyers ' fees to keep records secret .
“ This disappointing track record is hardly the mark of an administration that was supposed to be the most transparent in history , ” said Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , who has co-sponsored legislation with Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vt. , to improve the Freedom of Information law . Their effort died in the House last year .
The new figures showed the government responded to 647,142 requests , a 4 percent decrease over the previous year . It more than ever censored materials it turned over or fully denied access to them , in 250,581 cases or 39 percent of all requests . Sometimes , the government censored only a few words or an employee 's phone number , but other times it completely marked out nearly every paragraph on pages .
On 215,584 other occasions , the government said it could n't find records , a person refused to pay for copies or the government determined the request to be unreasonable or improper .
The White House touted its success under its own analysis . It routinely excludes from its assessment instances when it could n't find records , a person refused to pay for copies or the request was determined to be improper under the law , and said under this calculation it released all or parts of records in 91 percent of requests — still a record low since President Barack Obama took office using the White House 's own math .
“ We actually do have a lot to brag about , ” White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said .
Earnest on Wednesday praised agencies for releasing information before anyone requested it , such as the salaries and titles of White House employees . They cited more than 125,000 sets of data posted on a website , data.gov , which include historical temperature charts , records of agricultural fertilizer consumption , Census data , fire deaths and college crime reports .
“ When it comes to our record on transparency , we have a lot to be proud of , ” they told reporters aboard Air Force One . “ And frankly , it sets a standard that future administrations will have to live up to . ”
Separately , the Justice Department congratulated the Agriculture and State departments for finishing work on their oldest 10 requests , said the Pentagon responded to nearly all requests within three months and praised the Health and Human Services Department for disclosing information about the Ebola outbreak and immigrant children caught crossing U.S. borders illegally .
The government 's responsiveness under the open records law is an important measure of its transparency . Under the law , citizens and foreigners can compel the government to turn over copies of federal records for zero or little cost . Anyone who seeks information through the law is generally supposed to get it unless disclosure would hurt national security , violate personal privacy or expose business secrets or confidential decision-making in certain areas . It cited such exceptions a record 554,969 times last year .
Under the president 's instructions , the U.S. should not withhold or censor government files merely because they might be embarrassing , but federal employees last year regularly misapplied the law . In emails that AP obtained from the National Archives and Records Administration about who pays for Michelle Obama 's expensive dresses , the agency blacked-out a sentence under part of the law intended to shield personal , private information , such as Social Security numbers , phone numbers or home addresses . But it failed to censor the same passage on a subsequent page .
The sentence : “ We live in constant fear of upsetting the WH ( White House ) . ”
In nearly 1 in 3 cases , when someone challenged under appeal the administration 's initial decision to censor or withhold files , the government reconsidered and acknowledged it was at least partly wrong . That was the highest reversal rate in at least five years .
The AP 's chief executive , Gary Pruitt , said the news organization filed hundreds of requests for government files . Records the AP obtained revealed police efforts to restrict airspace to keep away news helicopters during violent street protests in Ferguson , Missouri . In another case , the records showed Veterans Affairs doctors concluding that a gunman who later killed 12 people had no mental health issues despite serious problems and encounters with police during the same period . They also showed the FBI pressuring local police agencies to keep details secret about a telephone surveillance device called Stingray .
“ What we discovered reaffirmed what we have seen all too frequently in recent years , ” Pruitt wrote in a column published this week . “ The systems created to give citizens information about their government are badly broken and getting worse all the time . ”
The U.S. released its new figures during Sunshine Week , when news organizations promote open government and freedom of information .
The AP earlier this month sued the State Department under the law to force the release of email correspondence and government documents from Hillary Rodham Clinton 's tenure as secretary of state . The government had failed to turn over the files under repeated requests , including one made five years ago and others pending since the summer of 2013 .
The government said the average time it took to answer all records request ranged from one day to more than 2.5 years . More than half of federal agencies took longer to answer requests last year than the previous year .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
President Obama attached a signing statement to the 2015 NDAA that shredded Congress and accused the legislative branch of violating the constitutional separation of powers by passing provisions that block them from closing GITMO .
Here is the full text of the president 's signing statement ,
Today I have signed into law H.R . 3979 , the “ Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘ Buck ' McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. ” I have signed this annual defense authorization legislation because it will provide vital benefits for military personnel and their families , as well as critical contingency authorities needed to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and to respond to emerging needs in the face of evolving terrorist threats and emergent crises worldwide .
Earlier this month , the Department of Defense transferred the last remaining third-country nationals held in U.S. custody in Afghanistan ,
ending U.S. detention operations in Afghanistan . Yet halfway around the world , the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , remains open for the 13th consecutive year , costing the American people hundreds of millions of dollars each year and undermining America 's standing in the world . As I have said many times , the continued operation of this detention facility weakens our national security by draining resources , damaging our relationships with key allies and partners , and emboldening violent extremists . Closing the detention facility is a national imperative .
I have repeatedly called upon the Congress to work with my Administration to close the detention facility at Guantanamo once and for all . Individuals from across the political spectrum have recognized that the facility should be closed . But instead of removing unwarranted and burdensome restrictions that curtail the executive branch 's options for managing the detainee population , this bill continues them . Section 1032 renews the bar against using appropriated funds to construct or modify any facility in the United States , its territories , or possessions to house any Guantanamo detainee in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense unless authorized by the Congress . Section 1033 likewise renews the bar against using appropriated funds to transfer Guantanamo detainees into the United States for any purpose . The Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act , 2015 , contains similar provisions as well as those relating to existing restrictions on the transfer of detainees abroad .
I have consistently opposed these restrictions and will continue to work with the Congress to remove them . More than 80 percent of detainees at one time held at the detention facility have now been transferred . The executive branch must have the flexibility , with regard to those detainees who remain , to determine when and where to prosecute them , based on the facts and circumstances of each case and our national security interests , and when and where to transfer them consistent with our national security and our humane treatment policy . Under certain circumstances , the provisions concerning detainee transfers in both bills would violate constitutional separation of powers principles . In the event that the restrictions on the transfer of detainees operate in a manner that violates constitutional separation of powers principles , my Administration will implement them in a manner that avoids the constitutional conflict .
The restrictions on detainee transfers are another way for Congress to block the president from closing GITMO . The fight is n't just about the executive power to move detainees . In the bigger picture , this is the latest move in the struggle to close the facility .
The major problem is that the majority of Senate Democrats continue to cave the 9/11 style politics of fear by voting to restrict the president from closing the facility . Only four members of the Democratic caucus voted against the 2015 NDAA . Democrats Jeff Merkley , Ron Wyden , Kirsten Gillibrand , and Independent Bernie Sanders voted against the bill . Progressive darling Elizabeth Warren voted for the bill , so did Al Franken .
President Obama has been trying to close GITMO since they first took office . In January of 2009 , one of Obama 's first acts in office was to sign an executive order to close GITMO within one year . At the time the president said , “ This is me following through on not just a commitment I made during the campaign , but I think an understanding that dates back to our founding fathers , that we are willing to observe core standards of conduct , not just when it 's easy , but also when it 's hard . ”
As soon as Obama issued their executive order , Democrats and Republicans starting working together to make sure that the national stain known as GITMO stays open . Every time Obama made a move towards closing GITMO a coalition of Democrats , and Republicans blocked him .
Only six Senate Democrats voted to fund closing GITMO in 2011 .
The president was correct . Members of Congress who voted for the restrictions on detainee transfer are violating the separation of powers . Some on the left continue to blame President Obama for not closing GITMO , but their blame is misplaced . ( No , vetoing the bill is not an option . Congress would easily override an Obama veto of the NDAA . ) Congress has refused to fund the closure , and blocked the transfer of detainees . Obama lived up to their end of the bargain . If progressives want to place blame somewhere , they should begin with some of the same people that they are trying to draft to run for president in 2016 .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
NORTHAMPTON — A Massachusetts State Police trooper who is alleged to have indecently assaulted a woman they met through an online dating service is scheduled to go to trial in July .
Christopher J. Kennedy , 31 , of West Springfield is charged with assault and battery , indecent exposure and indecent assault and battery on a person over 14 in connection with the July 1 , 2014 incident in Worthington . Few details of the case have been given , but the state police have suspended Kennedy without pay pending its resolution .
The charges were investigated by both the Massachusetts State Police and the Northwestern District Attorney 's Office . Kennedy was most recently assigned to Troop B in Western Massachusetts . They were placed on restricted duty on July 8 as a result of the allegations .
Judge Bertha D. Josephson scheduled a pretrial conference for June 17 and put the case on the July trial list . Kennedy is being defended by David P. Hoose .
Hi , I 'm Guillaume , I am the CTO and co-founder of Wisembly , a SaaS solution facilitating interactions during your big meetings and events . We recently launched a beta of our new product : Solid to help you make your every-day-meetings more productive and actionable .
This is the story of how we improved our performance by changing and adding elements to our stack over the time . I 'll particularly focus on how using RabbitMQ on the backend to communicate between different stack and servers improved our life .
Where we once were
Here are the building blocks for our tech team 's philosophy : start small , DRY ( Do n't Repeat Yourself ) and YAGNI ( You Ai n't Gon na Need It ) . Back in 2012 , when we implemented real-time websockets communications with Node.js and Socket.io , we had a pretty small stack : everything fullstack on Symfony2 with MySQL as single storage and some tiny parts of Backbone.js here and there to power up our application . One year later I presented these slides at the Symfony2 Live Paris 2013 explaining how we implemented Elephant in raw PHP to communicate from our Symfony2 backend with our distant socket.io push server .
As I said , our stack was pretty minimal at the time . We did n't feel the need to complexify it for the sake of the socket.io push server . So we looked at websockets and found a pretty way to implement them , connect and emit events with our Open Source library . It did the job , we open-sourced something cool ( more than 500 stargazers now and still active ! ) , on our way to live happily ever after : ) … Or did we ?
Where we are now
Quite recently , as the business was growing , more and more push events were sent every minute on the various customer meetings we handle daily . For example , we have a specific feature for very interactive seminars where more than 500 users can answer a live poll . Oftentimes , all the attendees submit their answers during the same 10-to-20-second time window , right after the poll is launched by the presenter . Aside from some MySQL resource concurrency problems ( deadlocks ) we had to deal with our friend Redis ( that 's another story we might tell another time ) . We also had to deal with server pressure , as you can guess .
We had pretty shitty response time from our API . Skyrocketing from an average of 125 ms to ~350 ms , some time even more ! The process was putting much pressure on php-fpm worker that had to fork again and again , spawning many children to the configured limit to handle all the sudden workload . It jeopardized other clients who were using the solution at the same time .
We ran blackfire.io and look deeper into New Relic data to spot bottlenecks , and then looked at our code to find where we could improve performances . We quickly noticed that external calls to the push server through cURL with Elephant were quite time and process consuming !
Sh * t ! Suddenly we realized that we could improve code here and there , add cache or move things to Redis to reduce concurrency and improve throughput , but the push events communication layer with our beloved and loyal Elephant would still be a burden !
Looking at our stack
When we stumbled upon this problem , we then looked at our ways to overcome that by taking a closer look at our stack . Since 2012 , we 've had two powerful allies : Redis and RabbitMQ . Both of them are great to publish events with data and a great way to communicate between servers .
We finally chose Rabbit as we were already using it intensively with Symfony recently and the great Swarrot library . In a few minutes , thanks to amqplib and 50ish new lines later in our node pusher app , we connected our node server to our Rabbit queue and added the ability to receive events through websockets AND Rabbit .
In one more hour , we created a RabbitTransport with the exact same interface as our ElephantTransport . A simple Symfony config parameter later , the push events emitted by our API were not sent through Elephant but put in a Rabbit queue instead . And like magic , there were rightfully consumed by the distant push server , and it was blazing fast .
Performance improvements
Alright , after 3 long years of faithful and loyal service , could we get rid of Elephant , our baby , in only 3 short hours ? Let 's dive into the numbers .
Fist of all , A to Z process ( time between API call and broadcasted event reception ) was not affected , even slightly improved : push events are received in less than 90ms ( they still are received by listening users before the user that made the action receive the API response ! ) . This does not vary a bit , even with 1000 events fired in a second to a single user . Good .
Then , looking only at server side , let 's try to send 100 “ consequent ” push events to our push server . On a standard developpement machine ( 1,8 GHz i7 dual core , 4GB Ram ) :
SocketTransport ( with Elephant ) : 100 events took 8936ms
AmqpTransport ( with RabbitMQ ) : 100 events took 521ms
No typo here , you read right : about 17 times faster ! We did not bother measuring the CPU consumption for that , as these results were more than enough .
Quite frankly , we supposed that PHP curl implementation that powers the core websocket communications of Elephant was more greedy than lower level RabbitMQ implementation ( we use the pecl C implementation for Rabbit in production that even speeds things up a bit ) , but to that extent…
Last thing to check : the push server 's ability to consume events stored in a single queue as fast as they come in . For now and unless we deal rooms with more with 600 users , it appears that node/amqplib/socket unstack events from the queue like a charm . Once we 'll reach a limit , we 'll think about adding more push consumers to keep the pace going .
API mean response time < 100 ms after deploy , external calls ( in green ) reduced
Where we 're heading
This story showed us that living without Rabbit and using Elephant to keep the stack simple at the time we were 2–3 devs was acceptable and allowed us to scale our application and business in a simple way . As usage grews , the need to refactorize parts of our application as codebase gets old and stack improves are needed . But it was all possible thanks to the awesome work we did in the last months on Rabbit .
Speaking of it , we now also use it to power other parts of our application . We use Rabbit to speak with various APIs , to make things asynchronous ( emails , exports , stats , document conversion , heavy jobs ) . For example in Solid we are able to give you stats and insights about how long you spend each year in meetings by asynchronously crunching Google or Office 365 calendar APIs and push you the result once it is done .
Two years ago , we were fine living without Rabbit . Today , we could n't do without it .
If you 'd like to see it in action , you can sign up for Solid here !
Gisel Kordestani , Google 's director of new business development , with Mercy Corps senior director Andy Dwonch . | Photo by Kobi Kalmanovitz Bazinga Ramallah started the way most coworking spaces do–with too much coffee . “ We were building mobile and web apps and we spent our time working in cafes , but we felt we were being too unproductive . And it was too expensive , ” says Mohammad Khatib . So they and some friends rented a storefront and invited others to join them–a space , among the first of its kind , to foster tech startups in the Palestinian territories .
But even now , nearly a year later , nobody has joined .
advertisement
advertisement
That 's not to say there is n't interest . There is . Bazinga hosts speaker events–mostly local entrepreneurs and programmers–and crowds pack in for them . But to quit your job , pool your savings , mooch off friends and family , and start a little company built on a hunch ? That is n't part of Palestinian culture . “ Some people did that , and now they do n't have money to feed their children , ” says Saleh Dawabsheh , a local techie who has attended Bazinga events . “ It 's a problem. ” This past summer , though , Bazinga hosted a different caliber of speakers : Google developers , coming with pizza and pastries , company T-shirts , and , most important , a lot of information on how to build a startup with Google products . The event is part of a larger
outreach by Google–committing $ 2 million so far to the territory ( split almost evenly between the NGO Mercy Corps ‘ efforts to build an entrepreneurial network , and a Palestinian venture-capital fund called Sadara Ventures ) and making multiple trips a year to teach classes
and counsel local entrepreneurs . Because in Palestine , Google sees something few other international companies do : opportunity . “ Given the unique circumstances these kids are facing , what they are coming up with is nothing short of astonishing , ” says Google deal maker Debu Purkayastha . “ Palestinians have such a unique position , ” says Gisel Kordestani , Google 's director of new business development . “ They 're well educated . They have strong English-language skills . With 88 million people in the [ Middle East and North African ] region getting online , they have the opportunity to build something for the Arab world. ” Google stands to benefit from whatever is built . Currently less than 1 % of the searchable content online is in Arabic . If it grows , Google can sell ads against the new content . And if the startups leading the charge are using Chrome , Android , Google Ads , YouTube–well , it 's always wise to be in on the ground floor . Kordestani has traveled the world for Google and now separates developing nations into two buckets : lands boosted by outsourced jobs and self-starting ecosystems of entrepreneurship . It 's a lot like comparing India to Singapore . “ Singapore is much more technically advanced , ” they say . “ They have huge Internet penetration . They have prosperity in the upper to middle classes , whereas India still has a massive poverty problem . I 'd like to see the Palestinians leapfrog India to become Singapore . ”
advertisement
This sounds like a fantasy , certainly right now . Palestine has a ways to go before it 's either of those countries . But this is the way Googlers think–that technology is more powerful than governments or political strife . It 's like a willful decision to ignore political obstruction , a stubborn belief in the power of interconnectivity . But while Palestine is lacking many things , it is never hard up for well-intentioned people . The territory is swarming with NGOs , each of which , at best , improves life in increments . That makes Google 's proposition all the more alluring : Can technology and profit motive work where charity has failed ? Maybe , but first there are many challenges to overcome . There 's no 3G network for wireless devices . Hardware in Palestine is often 50 % more expensive than outside , so locals often ask contacts in America or Europe to buy laptops for them . PayPal is n't available . Good developers are few , and unemployment is high–so talent can be lost in a flood of job applicants . The Google team sees this firsthand . A few days after the Bazinga event , it hosts a similar session at Palestine Polytechnic University . It 's in Hebron , a tense , tough city , where a chain-link fence and barbed wire separate Palestinians and Israeli settlers . Google had n't been there before and used an intermediary to recruit students , but there was a miscommunication and the 40 or so kids who show up are not as technically proficient as developers from more cosmopolitan Ramallah . But as they 've learned , classes are sometimes the least-important parts of the day . When lectures wrap up , Debu Purkayastha , one of Google 's top deal makers , sits down to hear Palestinians ' startup ideas–a diverse list that has included gesture-recognition software , applications that switch off mobile phones when users enter a mosque , even custom software for a London hedge fund . Purkayastha sees these meetings as more than their giving free advice : It 's Google on the hunt for talent–because buying a startup would legitimize the very idea of starting one , creating the model success story Palestinian entrepreneurs lust for . It could happen , Purkayastha says : “ Given the unique circumstances these kids are facing , what they are coming up with is nothing short of astonishing . ”
advertisement
When the iPhone 4S came out , the news landed with a thud in Palestine . A local startup , Gsoft , had been selling Monica , a voice-activation program similar to Siri , the one Apple bought and integrated into its new phone . Now Gsoft was in trouble ; its big idea was outmoded . But in a still-young community like Palestine 's , this was n't considered a total failure . It meant they were on the right track .
“ Even if you open 100 good small businesses , only 10 persons will succeed , ” says Dawabsheh , who was Gsoft 's social-media marketing manager ( and has since left for a telecom company ) . “ We should keep on coming up with ideas . We should be more patient. ” Still , Monica 's failure could be partially blamed on problems inherent to Palestine . What if Monica had better distribution ? Or if Gsoft had access to more sophisticated developers ? Soon enough , this will become an old story in Palestine–the one that got away , again . This is tricky territory for such a well-heeled company like Google to enter–because even though it 's trying to help , it inevitably also represents some of the problems . For example , Android apps are hard to sell because Google Checkout is only accessible in about 30 countries , Palestine not included . Khatib , the Bazinga cofounder ( and a onetime intern at Google 's Zurich office ) , has talked to Google about this . “ Android and our payments teams are trying to address that , ” a company spokesperson says . And it has solved some problems , like when revenue from AdSense was n't reaching Palestinians . Google used Western Union to wire earnings . Now Khatib says it 's time for Google to take everyone further along this journey . The company has been giving introductory classes on Google products for years , but Palestinian developers need more–like a five-day , drill-down , high-intensity course on how to make an Android app from scratch , so they can truly build and succeed and show it 's possible .
advertisement
“ I think people are ready for that , ” Khatib says . “ People got the general idea of these workshops . They got excited about the products . But now it 's time to dive into these specifics . I would say they 're ready. ” What It 's
Like in the
Palestinian Tech Sector
//Tareq Maayah
founder , exalt technologies
“ If customers do n't believe Palestine is a safe place to do business , then at any time , your project ends . This is where our challenge has always been . We need to follow the Israeli model and become producers of innovation. ” //Saed Nashef
founding partner , sadara ventures
“ An aspiring entrepreneur here has limited exposure to the wealth of know-how and experience that has been built in the leading tech companies . Mentors are hard to come by. ” //Khalil Hanna Hraimat
senior product designer ,
Alcatel-Lucent
“ There 's no legal provision here to prevent monopolies , and big companies squash competition in many fields . It has n't overtaken tech yet , because it 's so new here , but it could. ” // Saleh Dawabsheh
Online Content Coordinator , wataniya mobile
“ Maybe a guy who 's 25 years old , they want to devote themselves to a startup . But here , culturally , it 's shameful to be 25 and take money from their parents . They need to work . And there 's no work that gives them time for a startup . ”
The newest flagship launch from China , Meizu 's MX4 seems to have caught the fancy of a large number of people across the globe . Notice we use ‘ across the globe ' because the MX4 is Meizu 's first phone that is going to be available to international customers , along with those in China , at launch .
The company claims to have gathered a staggering 7.7 million pre-orders for the device which was launched 10 days back at an event in Beijing . The MX4 is the world 's first MediaTek MT6595 powered device , and comes with a 20.7 mega-pixel Sony camera among other impressive specs . It was announced recently that the MX4 would cost from US $ 449 to international customers for the 16GB version , which was quickly followed by an announcement that said the price would include shipping and tax to a certain country .
The announcement was made by Bai Yongxiang on Weibo , aka China 's Twitter . They are n't shy of taking a dig at Xiaomi as well , saying that the company would be feeling pressure with Meizu 's expanding presence .
WATCH : Meizu MX4 hands-on
Meizu is looking to expand into a lot of other markets , something which the Chinese company had n't been very open to in the recent years . However , success stories of brands like Xiaomi , OPPO et al seem to have inspired the company .
via GizChina.es
Sailing : The America 's Cup Event Authority ( ACEA ) has signed XL Catlin as the official insurance partner of the 35th America 's Cup and the presenting partner of the America 's Cup volunteer programme . The insurance group is headquartered in Ireland but has offices in Bermuda , which will host the America 's Cup in 2017 .
Ice hockey : BRP , a Canadian manufacturer of powersports vehicles such as ski-doos , has signed multi-year sponsorship deals with the Western Hockey League , the Ontario Hockey League , and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
Motorcyling : Tyre manufacturer Pirelli has renewed a deal to act as the main sponsor of the final round of the FIM Superbike World Championship in Qatar this year . The event , due to take place on 18th October , will once again be known as the Pirelli Qatar Round .
Volleyball : Volleyball Australia has signed the Schwartz Family Company as a major sponsor . The eponymous Dr Schwartz is Australia 's largest private owner of hotels .
Basketball : Australia 's National Basketball League ( NBL ) has signed Australian travel agency group Helloworld as its official travel partner for the 2015/16 season .
Motorsports : Formula E has reached terms on extended deals with broadcasters in eastern Europe . Dolce Sport will continue to air Formula E live and exclusively across Romania until the end of the 2016/17 season , while Arena Sport TV has signed a similar deal to cover Slovenia , Serbia , Montenegro , Croatia , Bosnia & Herzegovina , Macedonia and Kosovo .
Rugby : Top tier English rugby union side Bath Rugby has signed official footwear sponsorship and supplier deals with Northamptonshire-based shoemaker Loake and Cardiff-based shoe retailer The Brogue Trader .
Chris Hayes on elite failure Why do n't American oligarchs fear the consequences of their corruption , and how can that be changed ?
The Nation 's Editor-at-Large and MSNBC 's weekend host , Chris Hayes , recently published a book documenting the fundamental failure of America 's elite institutions and exploring the causes and solutions : Twilight of the Elites : America After Meritocracy . What makes this book genuinely outstanding , and so rare , is that it is actually difficult to decide whether one agrees with many of its arguments . That 's because , as is typical of Hayes , they are more interested in grappling with complex questions in novel , non-obvious ways than they are in eliciting pat answers and easy agreement .
The highest compliment one can give a writer is not to say that one wholeheartedly agrees with their observations , but that they provoked -- really , forced -- difficult thinking about consequential matters and internal questioning of one 's own assumptions , often without quick or clear resolution . That achievement , at its core , is what defines Twilight of the Elites , and it 's what makes it so genuinely worth your time to read and think about . Provoking that type of questioning in people is a much more difficult task , and a much more valuable one , than inducing clear-cut , unequivocal agreement ( which is often , though not always , accomplished by simply validating someone 's already held convictions ) . For that reason , Hayes ' book stays with you long after you are done reading it .
Advertisement :
I spoke with Hayes yesterday not only about the book but numerous related issues , and the 55-minute discussion can be heard on the player below ( or downloaded in mp3 format here ) . We discussed the prevailing ethos in America 's elite institutions that have rendered them so corrupted and the seminal episodes that made Hayes abandon their previously held trust in institutional authority . In the book , Hayes described how American elite culture is so insulated that it `` produce [ s ] cognitive capture , '' meaning that even those who enter it with hostility to its orthodoxies end up shaped by -- succumbing to -- its warped belief system and corrupt practices . Given that Hayes pronounces this `` cognitive capture '' to be `` an inevitable outcome of sustained immersion '' in that world , I asked them what steps they are personally taking to inoculate themselves against being infected now that he 's a highly rewarded TV personality and employee of one of the world 's largest media corporations .
One of the issues that has most interested , and most baffled , me , about all of these matters is the palpable lack of elite fear . In the past , the nation 's plutocrats were instilled with at least some fear -- a healthy and necessary fear -- of what would happen if inequality became too pronounced , if the 99.9 % began suffering too much as a result of elite plundering and greed . Sometimes this fear led to extreme precautions ( tycoons stashing wealth on a ship able to flee at the first sign of a Socialist Revolution ) , while other times it led to symbolic gestures ( public acts of charity ) or more substantive appeasement ( the New Deal ) as a way of placating mass anger . Especially when , as now , the force of law ceases to operate as a constraint on them ( because the rule of law breaks down and no longer applies to the powerful ) , this fear of mass rage-fueled uprising imposed at least some limit on elite corruption , all grounded in self-interest : the worry that too much abuse would upend the system responsible for their wealth , status and power .
Yet even in the wake of the oligarch-caused 2008 financial crisis that has spawned extreme levels of sustained suffering around the globe , and even as social unrest emerges in several places in the Western world as a result of this insecurity and sense of outrage and betrayal , the American elite class still seems remarkably free of any such fear . The main reason I was and remain so enthusiastic about the Occupy movement is precisely because something is needed to pose a credible threat of unrest if America 's elite class continues on the same course . Yesterday , New York Magazine published a profile of Jeff Greene , a typically vapid , bombastic American billionaire who has devoted their wealth to piggish , flamboyant personal consumption and yacht parties with Lindsay Lohan , but what struck me was this passage :
But over the past few months , it 's become clear that rich people are very , very afraid . Sometimes it feels like this was the main accomplishment of Occupy Wall Street : a whole lot of tightened sphincters . It 's not a stretch to say many residents of Park Avenue harbor vivid fears of a populist revolt like the one seen in The Dark Knight Rises , in which they cower miserably under their sideboards while ragged hordes plunder the silver . `` This is my fear , and it 's a real , legitimate fear , '' Greene says , revving up the engine . `` You have this huge , huge class of people who are impoverished . If we keep doing what we 're doing , we will build a class of poor people that will take over this country , and the country will not look like what it does today . It will be a different economy , rights , all that stuff will be different '' . . . . `` There are all these people in this country who are just not participating in the American Dream at all , '' they say . This makes them uncomfortable , not least because they might try to take a piece of his . `` Right now , for some bizarre reason , a lot of these people are supporting Republicans who want to cut taxes on the wealthy , '' they say . `` At some point , if we keep doing this , their numbers are going to keep swelling , it wo n't be an Obama or a Romney . It will be a ­Hollande . A Chávez . ''
I see no evidence that `` rich people are very , very afraid '' -- at least not by their actions . And that , to me , is the problem . That fear -- a lot more of it -- is necessary . Their ability to rope themselves off from the society they are degrading , combined with the para-militarization of domestic police forces ( aggressively displayed in response to the Occupy movement and related protests ) , and the rapidly increasing domestic powers of surveillance and detention ( designed to intimidate the citizenry and thus deter and guard against mass protests ) , have convinced them , I think , that they need not fear any protest movements or social unrest , that America can and will become more and more of a police state to suppress it . An elite class that is free to operate without limits -- whether limits imposed by the rule of law or fear of the responses from those harmed by their behavior -- is an elite class that will plunder , degrade , and cheat at will , and act endlessly to fortify its own power . That 's the conundrum Hayes ' book was written to examine , and it was the crux of our discussion below :
