Saina and Hingis are 8-1 in finals this season , with two Grand Slam titles ( Wimbledon , US Open ) , five WTA Premier titles ( BNP Paribas Open - Indian Wells , Miami Open , Family Circle Cup - Charleston , Dongfeng Motor Wuhan Open , China Open - Beijing ) , and one WTA International title ( Guangzhou International Women 's Open ) .The pair also reached their 10th final of the year together at WTA Finals overcoming Chinese Taipei 's Chan Hao-Ching and Chan Yung-Jan 6-4 , 6-2 and extended their winning streak to 21 matches with the win . Their last loss was against the Chan sisters in the semi-finals at Cincinnati.The No.3-seeded Taiwanese went up 3-1 in the first set but the No.1-seeded Indo-Swiss duo reeled off 11 of the next 14 games to completely run away with the match . `` On the court I feel very fortunate to have Sania on my side because she 's an incredibly positive person , '' Martina said after the match on Saturday . `` When I get myself down , I 'm not really a morning person , so they were out there and kept fighting and kept me up there . That 's why we were able to come back in the first set . ''
`` Once I felt better , that 's when everything started to click . They 're a great team , so they 've always come out strong in the past six matches that we played them . And they know how to play against us .
`` We came out with a strategy against them . It 's very different to what we played against players like yesterday who have more power , different strategy , '' Sania said .
`` We kind of have to stick to our guns , stick to what we have planned . We have to trust our abilities . That 's what really takes us through a lot of the times , is that trust in each other 's ability . We know sooner or later we 're going to break .
`` It happened at 3-2 . If it did n't happen there , we would still keep fighting to make it happen . ''
Sania-Martina have won eight titles together this year .
Hello ! Big fan from Australia , 18 from Perth .
Ive just finished reading your `` unauthorised autobiography '' and its honestly changed my life . Ive always been passionate about media/journalism , specifically the bias that inevitably comes with all media sources but have never acted upon it . During reading your book ive bought my first domain ( which i wont shamelessly plug in here ) which is a news site . It focuses on creating impartial news stories with as limited bias as possible .
I take a story which has had coverage over 4-5 mainstream media sources , take out the drama/opinion/evident bias and only leave the `` facts '' . These facts are bullet pointed , and any witnesses/parties involved quotes are in the body of the story . The headline shows the country , the topic ( murder , politics , terrorism etc ) and the specifics ; 6 dead in 1 incident . Hopefully allowing people to have a source of news stories without being told how to think or what to think . Instead they are left with their mind , their morals , and facts from a story to decide their opinion . It 's something im really passionate about providing to people and id like to thank you for sparking this idea within .
Just wanted to say thanks and how did you know you were doing what you wanted to be doing ? Truly , deep inside ? And how do you cut the line between propoganda and objectivity ?
Im studying law but my heart is with things like this , educating the masses ( and learning so much more for myself also ) that share fake news on facebook and blindly follow heavily biased pieces rather than looking for objectivity . What should I do ? Thanks again Julian : )
Everyone in the NFL likes Pete Morelli . The 19-year veteran is consistently one of the league 's highest-graded , most-respected officials . Last year they won the Art McNally award , the NFL 's highest honor for an official , for their career body of work . Yet Morelli and their crew are having the single worst officiating season I can remember , with a series of high-profile fuck-ups . Add one more to the tally , when the crew gave the Lions a timeout they did n't have .
On the final play of the first half of last night 's 35-27 Lions win over the Saints , New Orleans was down on Detroit 's 1-yard-line . Just as the ball was snapped , Lions safety James Ihedigbo signaled for a timeout . The officials blew a whistle and stopped play . One problem : Detroit did n't have any timeouts left .
The officials huddled , and Morelli got on the mic to announce that since the Lions were out of timeouts , the down would simply be replayed .
Morelli spoke to a pool reporter after the game :
Why was the play stopped ? “ A timeout was granted inadvertently on that play . We stopped the clock , the whistle was blown. ” Why no penalty for calling a timeout they did not have ? “ There is no penalty on that type of play . The only penalty on timeouts is when they freeze a kicker . By rule , there 's no foul , no penalty by rule ( for ) granting an extra timeout . ”
Advertisement
He 's right ! There is no penalty for taking a timeout you do n't have . That seems like a failure of the rulebook , but the Morelli crew 's mistake was losing track of timeouts and blowing the whistle in the first place . They should have just let play continue .
It 's the latest embarrassment for Morelli 's crew . Just this year , they 've been responsible for a series of gaffes :
In Week 5 , they failed to notice that the game clock continued running after a kickoff , costing the Steelers 18 seconds before their final drive . Side judge Rob Vernatchi was suspended one game .
In Week 10 , they missed a false start by the Jaguars on what should have been the final play of the game . Instead , the Jaguars got one more chance and beat the Ravens . The NFL quickly admitted the error .
In Week 12 , they had a hellish Sunday calling the Cardinals-49ers game . They erroneously took away a down from Arizona , on another occasion stopped play for six minutes to try and figure out what down it was , and threw ( or did n't throw ) a series of very iffy flags . The NFL demoted the crew from the next week 's primetime game .
Advertisement
Assuming Morelli has n't mysteriously and instantly lost their talent , what could be going on ? Their crew is largely veteran—including Morelli , they average 11.4 years in the league , and aside from one rookie line judge and one third-year back judge , they each have at least 10 years of pro experience .
But they have n't had a ton of time together . Of the seven officials under Morelli , just two were part of their crew last year . ( If this is indeed a problem , note that Roger Goodell has floated the idea of mixing and matching crews ) .
It could just be bad luck for Morelli . All it takes is one of their subordinates blowing a whistle when they should n't , or one taking their eye off the game clock , and the whole crew gets tarred with the error . Functionally , it does n't matter—the crew is Morelli 's responsibility , and they all suffer when the week 's grades come in . Fair or not , do n't expect to see Morelli or anyone from their staff on the field in the playoffs—when the officials will be getting some curious extra help from the league office .
^ Brazil Germany 1938 , In the 1930 , 1950 and 1982 competitions , FIFA retrospective rankings were used to determine 5th-8th places . If these rankings are excluded from consideration , then 's 1930 and 1982 results drop out and the leader iswith 17 ( every tournament except 1930 1950 and 2018 ) .
^ England In the 1930 , 1950 and 1982 competitions , FIFA retrospective rankings were used . If these rankings are excluded from consideration , thenstill has the most 5th-8th-place finishes ( 6 ) .
^ Mexico In the 1930 , 1950 and 1982 competitions , FIFA retrospective rankings were used . If these rankings are excluded from consideration , thenstill has the most 9th-16th-place finishes ( 12 ) .
^ Until 1978 inclusive , all tournaments had sixteen teams or fewer .
^ Switzerland Yugoslavia Soviet Union Hungary Germany England Argentina Brazil In the 1930 , 1950 and 1982 competitions FIFA retrospective rankings were used . If these rankings are excluded from consideration , then the record is 2 , shared by several countries : ( 1934–1938 ) , ( 1954–1958 ) , ( 1958–1962 ) , ( 1962–1966 ) , ( 1994–1998 ) , ( 2002–2006 ) , ( 2006–2010 ) , and ( 2006–2010 ) .
^ Turkey Egypt Norway had a gap of 12 tournaments , equal to that ofand , from 1954 to 2002 .
^ West Germany Germany In 1954 , the ( `` Germany FR '' ) team became world champions in what was the team 's debut appearance representing the name and territory of West Germany . However , ( since 1949 officially Federal Republic of Germany ) is since 1904 represented by the same governing body ( Deutscher Fußball-Bund , DFB ) , and FIFA officially attributes all international results of the DFB team since 1908 to Germany , including the results of 1954–1990 , when the team was often called West Germany . Thus , the 1954 participation is counted as the third appearance of the team , as Germany had previously appeared in the 1934 and 1938 World Cups .
^ France Althoughhave not lost any of its 3 games , in 2006 they were runner-up after losing penalty shoots-out against Italy . The match ended in a 1-1 draw .
^ Argentina Brazil Italy Although in 1978 there were n't semifinals , won second round group ahead ofwhich disputed 3rd place match against . Even more , game against Brazil ended in a 0-0 draw .
^ Cuba Wales East Germany Ukraine Slovakia Other teams always progressing from the first round have only appeared in one tournament each . These are ( 1938 ) , ( 1958 ) , ( 1974 ) , ( 2006 ) and ( excluding Czechoslovakia ; 2010 ) .
^ Pelé , Lothar Matthäus , Pierre Littbarski and Ronaldo each appeared three times in the squads of the teams that reached the finals , but none of them played in all three games .
^ FIFA official records claim they were born in 1987 , but other sources claim they were born in 1985 , which would mean they were 15 years and 320 days old when they played the match .
^ [ 5 ] Saudi Arabia starting captain , and players who received the captain 's armband during the course of the match are generally not regarded as official captains . According to the Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation Fuad Anwar Amin ofwould have been the youngest captain , at 21 years & 250 days in the 1994 , but the source does not specify the match in which they were captain . It is listed that the starting captain was substituted in both the match against the Netherlands and the one against Sweden , in which Amin may have been given the armband on the captains ' substitutions , but this information has not been verified . In any case , Meola still is the youngestcaptain , and players who received the captain 's armband during the course of the match are generally not regarded ascaptains .
^ 9 consecutive clean sheets , 5 of them away from home over 2 qualifying rounds against 5 different oppositions from 2 Confederations .
^ Zagallo was also an assistant coach when Brazil won in 1994 .
^ Šimunić was given three yellow cards in the match as the referee failed to send them off the pitch after the second yellow , and was only red carded after the third yellow . The original FIFA match report listed all three cautions , however was revised shortly after , with the second caution ( 90 ' ) not being recorded ; it is unknown whether this was for consistency in the reports , or whether the caution was retrospectively overturned .
^ Biyik missed the team 's second game after receiving a red card in the first ; and then missed their fifth game after yellow cards in the third and fourth . Others , including Zinedine Zidane in 2006 , have earned a second suspension in their team 's final match of the tournament , not servable during the tournament .
^ Including penalty shoot-out progressions
^ Including penalty shoot-out eliminations
a b c d e f g h i A match decided by a penalty shoot-out is considered a draw for both sides .
^ England did lose the third-place playoff in 1990 , but had already been eliminated from any chance of winning the World Cup .
^ France Italy Paraguay Brazil In 1998 had 6 match wins ; however , thematch is regarded as drawn although France progressed via penalties . In addition , France 's win againsthappened after extra time , whilewon all their matches in regular time .
^ Uruguay also qualified for the 1950 finals without playing a match as a result of withdrawals by other teams in South America .
^ Poland Italy Belgium Argentina Czechoslovakia Hungary in 1974 in 1990 , andin 2018 also won 6 matches , but one of them was the third-place playoff . Playing fewer matches , in 1930 in 1934 , andin 1938 and 1954 won all the games but lost the final .
^ Netherlands also won all eight of their qualification matches .
^ Brazil Italy Argentina Germany Germany Details as follows : in 1970 beat England ( first round ) , Uruguay ( semi-final ) and Italy ( final ) .in 1982 beat Argentina ( second group stage ) , Brazil ( second group stage ) and West Germany ( final ) .in 1986 beat Uruguay ( round of 16 ) , England ( quarter-final ) , and West Germany ( final ) .in 2010 beat England ( round of 16 ) , Argentina ( quarter-final ) and Uruguay ( third-place match ) . In 2014 , beat France ( quarter-final ) , Brazil ( semi-final ) and Argentina ( final ) .
^ Excluding Argentina themselves , there were 5 former World Cup champions in 1986 . They draw Italy at group stage , then beat Uruguay ( round of 16 ) , England ( quarter-final ) , and West Germany ( final ) .
^ Even though only 5 nations were crowned before 1970 , the 1970 tournament obtained the most matches between former champions of totally . All 5 former champions qualified to the tournament , they all advanced to the knockout stage , and 4 of them advanced into semi-finals . Those 7 matches were : Italy vs Uruguay and Brazil vs England ( group stage ) , England vs West Germany ( quarter-final ) , Brazil vs Uruguay and Italy vs West Germany ( semi-final ) , Uruguay vs West Germany ( third place ) , Brazil vs Italy ( final ) .
^ Sweden Austria progressed to the last eight without playing a single match as a result of the withdrawal of
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o Successful kicks in a penalty shoot-out are not counted as goals ( but penalties scored in the normal course of play are counted ) .
^ Excluding automatic qualification as hosts , as reigning champion , or by invitation .
^ France Italy If own goals are excluded , then Belgium shares the record of 10 goalscorers within 1982 andin 2006
^ Also had its only title at home .
^ Switzerland 's best position , the sixth place in 1950 , relies on retrospective rankings , and had them eliminated in the group stage . While the Swiss also reached the quarter-finals in 1934 and 1938 , both tournaments only required one win , in contrast to 1954 's group stage format . 1954 also marked the last time Switzerland reached the top 8 .
^ Soviet Union Not counting the results as , who reached the semi-finals in 1966 .
^ Also reached this stage in 2010 and 2018 .
^ South Africa 2010 had hostsmatching their 2002 record , falling in the group stage with one win , one tie and one draw , even if with a lower goal difference .
^ Although the decisive match of the 1950 tournament , it was simply the last game of a final four-team group format to decide the winner . This is also the highest attendance for any World Cup match , or indeed any soccer match anywhere .
The widening gyre of heavy-handed allusions to Yeats 's “ The Second Coming . ”
A recent Russia Today headline suggests that Europe is “ slouching towards anxiety and war. ” According to the title of Robert Bork 's latest best seller , the United States is Slouching Towards Gomorrah . A new book by W. C. Harris , an English professor , claims we 're Slouching Towards Gaytheism . A casual reader might wonder why the nations of the world have such terrible posture ; is it that the earth is slouching towards bedlam ? Have things fallen apart ?
The only thing not doing any slouching these days is the “ rough beast ” in W. B. Yeats 's “ The Second Coming , ” the 1919 poem from which the phrase originates : “ And what rough beast , its hour come round at last , / Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born ? ”
But Yeats 's beast , it must be said , is n't deteriorating or dying in its slouching , as the many references to the phrase would have you believe ; rather , it slouches in steady , dedicated progress toward a goal . It 's actually a terrifying sight : the poem 's narrator intuits that the beast is coming to wreak some untold havoc . ( At least one blog got this subtlety right in a headline about the 2012 election cycle : “ Romney slouching toward GOP nomination . ” )
“ The Second Coming ” may well be the most thoroughly pillaged piece of literature in English . ( Perhaps Macbeth 's famous “ sound and fury ” monologue is a distant second . ) Since Chinua Achebe cribbed Yeats 's lines for Things Fall Apart in 1958 and Joan Didion for Slouching Towards Bethlehem a decade later , dozens if not hundreds of others have followed suit , in mediums ranging from CD-ROM games to heavy-metal albums to pornography . These references have created a feedback loop , leading ever more writers to draw from the poem for inspiration . But how many of them get it right ?
Here 's “ The Second Coming ” in full :
Turning and turning in the widening gyre
The falcon can not hear the falconer ;
Things fall apart ; the centre can not hold ;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world ,
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed , and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned ;
The best lack all conviction , while the worst
Are full of passionate intensity . Surely some revelation is at hand ;
Surely the Second Coming is at hand .
The Second Coming ! Hardly are those words out
When a vast image out of Spiritus Mundi
Troubles my sight : a waste of desert sand ;
A shape with lion body and the head of a man ,
A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun ,
Is moving its slow thighs , while all about it
Wind shadows of the indignant desert birds . The darkness drops again but now I know
That twenty centuries of stony sleep
Were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle ,
And what rough beast , its hour come round at last ,
Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born ?
The poem has never joined that panoply of standard high school texts , such as “ Do Not Go Gentle , ” “ The Road Not Taken , ” and “ The Raven ” —nor is it quoted in Dead Poets Society . ( The closest it 's ever come is a nod on Lou Reed 's 1978 Live : Take No Prisoners : “ The best lack all conviction , ” Reed says to a heckler , “ while the worst are full of passionate intensity. ” ) If a social scientist were to canvas all the writers and rock bands who 've lifted its lines , not many would say they found the lines while reading The Collected Yeats or a vintage back issue of The Dial .
Yeats began writing the poem in January 1919 , in the wake of the First World War , the Russian Revolution , and political turmoil in their native Ireland . But the first stanza captures more than just political unrest and violence . Its anxiety concerns the social ills of modernity : the rupture of traditional family and societal structures ; the loss of collective religious faith , and with it , the collective sense of purpose ; the feeling that the old rules no longer apply and there 's nothing to replace them . It 's the same form of despair we see in , say , Ivan Karamazov .
Of course , twentieth-century history did turn more horrific after 1919 , as the poem forebodes . The narrator suggests something like the Christian notion of a “ second coming ” is about to occur , but rather than earthly peace , it will bring terror . As for the slouching beast , the best explanation is that it 's not a particular political regime , or even fascism itself , but a broader historical force , comprising the technological , the ideological , and the political . A century later , we can see the beast in the atomic bomb , the Holocaust , the regimes of Stalin and Mao , and all manner of systematized atrocity .
Achebe 's Things Fall Apart , the first book to borrow a line from “ The Second Coming , ” cleverly inverts the poem : here African civilization is the one under threat , and the rough beast is the West . Achebe 's Nigerian warrior faces exile from their village and pressure from Christian missionaries who threaten the tribal way of life ; they commit suicide .
But the title essay in Didion 's Slouching Towards Bethlehem goes one better : even its basic structure mirrors that of the poem . Didion stands in the same position as Yeats 's narrator , describing a social disaster , feeling the center start to give out . Didion reported the piece from San Francisco , “ where the social hemorrhaging was showing up , ” “ where the missing children were gathering and calling themselves ‘ hippies . ' ” They tell of the disoriented youth they met there , including a five-year-old named Susan whose mother feeds their acid and peyote . They muse that the hippies are dealing with “ society 's atomization , ” for which their parents are responsible . “ At some point between 1945 and 1967 we had somehow neglected to tell these children the rules of the game we happened to be playing , ” they write .
In the wake of Didion 's success , publishers have come to realize they can apply Yeats 's lines to pretty much any book that documents confusion and disarray . Thus Elyn Saks 's 2008 memoir , The Center Can not Hold : My Journey Through Madness , concerning their bout with schizophrenia . Though these four words from Yeats surely resonate with Saks 's feelings , the “ center ” in question here is n't the moral authority of the Western world , it 's one person 's sense of stability . The trend has held for art books ( David Gulden 's photography collection The Centre Can not Hold ) , politics ( The Center Holds : Obama and Their Enemies ) , alternate history ( American Empire : The Center Can not Hold ) , popular history ( A Blood-Dimmed Tide : The Battle of the Bulge by the Men Who Fought It ) , reportage ( A Blood-Dimmed Tide : Dispatches from the Middle East ) , religion ( The Second Coming : A Pre-Mortem on Western Civilization ) , international affairs ( Slouching Towards Sirte : NATO 's War on Libya and Africa ) , right-wing moral hectoring ( Slouching Toward Gomorrah ) , memoir ( Slouching Toward Adulthood ) , and even humor ( Slouching Towards Kalamazoo ; Woody Allen 's Mere Anarchy ) . It seems that for every cogent allusion ( Northrop Frye 's Spiritus Mundi , anyone ? ) there are a dozen falcons that truly ca n't hear the falconer .
Connections to Yeat 's original are even more tenuous when their lines crop up in comics , pulp novels , TV , and music . The phrase “ widening gyre ” alone has been an inexhaustible resource . In a 2009 Batman comic by that name , written by the film director Kevin Smith , the superhero 's girlfriend nicknames them “ Deedee , ” in reference to their first night together ( “ we hit double digits ” ) . Their bliss is cut short when the villain , Onomatopoeia , cuts the woman 's throat open , and Batman wets their pants . Mere anarchy indeed .
Widening Gyre is also the title of a 1973 novel by Robert Parker in which a detective has to retrieve an explicit sex tape of a senatorial candidate 's wife . ( “ But getting back the tape of the lady 's X-rated indiscretion , ” reads Parker 's Web site , “ is a nonstop express ride to trouble—trouble that is deep , wide and deadly. ” ) And let 's not overlook the “ Widening Gyre ” episodes of Andromeda , Sons of Anarchy , and Ben 10 : The Ultimate Alien ; or the album Widening Gyre by the Irish folk band Altan ; or the downloadable RPG , featuring “ a secretive organization of benevolent technologists who seek to prevent the dark monsters of humanity 's past from overwhelming its bright and burgeoning future . ”
Then there 's A Gaze Blank and Pitiless as the Sun , a 2013 album by the metal band Whelm , and a box set of experimental Norwegian music , Twenty Centuries of Stony Sleep—not to be confused with the work of the nineties grunge band Stony Sleep , who never released a self-titled album . Not to be outdone , the South African band Urban Creep recorded a song called “ Slow Thighs , ” a far cry from Yeats lyrically : “ Slow thighs walking on water / See with brown eyes the fisherman 's daughter / She 's crying with dry eyes / The lamb for the slaughter. ” And in the age of self-publishing , the term “ rough beast ” has itself been born anew : from Seth Chambers 's short-story collection What Rough Beasts ( “ It was late night when I came home to find a troglodyte in my shower , ” one story begins ) , to H. R. Knight 's What Rough Beast ( wherein Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Harry Houdini join forces to expose a spiritualist medium , “ the most debauched man in London ” ) , to Hunter Fox 's “ Rough Beast Homo Erotica ” trilogy “ Gay Monster ” ( worth the purchase price for Evil Pegasus Wants My Gay Ass alone ) .
It 's tempting to say the feedback loop has gotten out of control—to sneer at minor rock stars and hack writers who 've salvaged the poem for parts , yanking their titles from it without bothering to understand it . Achebe and Didion had paid it a kind of reverence , after all , and it 's safe to say Kevin Smith has not .
But why not celebrate the trend instead ? Yeats 's lines work outside their context because the word pairings are brilliant in and of themselves . “ Blank and pitiless as the sun , ” “ stony sleep , ” “ vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle ” —they 're both jarring and sonorous . Even “ slouching towards , ” probably the most overused phrase of them all , retains its ominousness after all this repetition . We 'd expect the rough beast to “ plod , ” like a limping monster in a horror movie or the killer in No Country for Old Men ( which itself , of course , takes its title from another of Yeats 's lines , in “ Sailing to Byzantium ” ) . But plodding is a conscious action ; slouching is not . We ca n't even tell whether the beast has a will of its own . The verb heightens the mystery and dread .
Even if no one reads poetry anymore , “ The Second Coming ” is proof that a perfect poem can still go viral in a distinctly predigital way : that it 's become a part of the culture 's water supply . Slouchy though they may be , the misapplications amount to a tribute .
Nick Tabor is a reporter living in New York .
The 49ers created an opening on their 53-man roster by waiving defensive tackle Demarcus Dobbs on Tuesday , but that spot wo n't be filled by Aldon Smith this week .
The All-Pro outside linebacker wo n't be reinstated a week early from their nine-game suspension and wo n't be available Sunday against the Saints , ESPN reported . Smith , who reportedly could have returned early for good behavior , will be reinstated Monday and will make their 2014 debut on Nov. 16 when the 49ers visit the New York Giants .
Outside linebacker Dan Skuta , who has started eight games in Smith 's absence , sustained an ankle injury in a 13-10 loss to the Rams on Sunday and may not be available to play against New Orleans . Skuta was walking with a pronounced limp in the locker room Tuesday . Rookie Aaron Lynch would likely start if Skuta is not available .
Meanwhile , Dobbs , who joined the team as an undrafted rookie in 2011 , was inactive Sunday . They have played 79 snaps in six games this season .
Even without Dobbs , the 49ers , who run a 3-4 defense , still have six defensive linemen on their roster . They will also have another when nose tackle Glenn Dorsey is activated . Dorsey , who tore their biceps in training camp , is on injured reserve with the designation to return and resumed practicing last week . On Thursday , defensive coordinator Vic Fangio said Dorsey is likely a “ couple weeks ” away from playing .
Among the 49ers ' six current defensive linemen are two 2013 draft picks – Tank Carradine and Quinton Dial – who have received scant playing time this season . Dial has played 42 snaps in six games and Carradine has only been active for one game .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The 49ers re-signed cornerback Chance Casey to their practice squad about two months after they released them following a two-week stint with the team . Casey , 23 , entered the NFL as an undrafted free agent in 2013 and spent last season on Oakland 's practice squad .
The 49ers had an opening on their practice squad after they promoted cornerback Leon McFadden to their 53-man roster last week .
Daniel Sturridge was pleased to turn provider as they served up two assists for Luis Suarez during Liverpool 's 3-1 win over Sunderland on Sunday .
Sturridge opened the scoring themselves when they converted Steven Gerrard 's corner on 27 minutes before teeing up Suarez to notch the Reds ' second .
Emanuele Giaccherini pulled a goal back for Sunderland , but the points were secured late on when Sturridge and Suarez combined to clinch the win .
`` It was a tough game and I do n't think we played as well as we could have in the first half , but we went in 2-0 up , '' reflected Sturridge .
`` It was very difficult in the second half . I think we took our foot off the pedal a little bit and once they scored the goal , it got a little bit difficult for us .
`` But in the end we defended well and we got a late goal which killed it off .
`` Luis gives me angles to play in and for me it 's about getting assists as well as scoring . It 's about the team winning games .
`` If someone 's in a better position , you put them in and allow them to score the goal .
`` It 's great to have Luis back . They give us options and he 's one of the best forwards in the league . We form a good partnership .
`` We miss Philippe Coutinho with their injury , but we 've got some great players in this team and I 'm happy to be playing with such world-class players . ''
Watch the video here »
Suarez 's second goal of the game was the first Liverpool have scored in the second half of a match in the Barclays Premier League this season .
Sunderland threatened the Reds ' lead after the interval ; however , Brendan Rodgers ' side held out to clinch their second victory on the road of 2013-14 .
Sturridge said : `` Against Swansea we were in a good position and we conceded in the second half after leading 2-1 .
`` That was something that we 've learned from and the manager has emphasised about killing games . It 's not always about scoring goals from long balls , it 's about killing the game by taking your foot off the pedal and keeping the ball .
`` We worked hard as a team and that 's what it 's all about - the team ethic . ''
The victory sees Liverpool move into second place in the Premier League after six games , two points behind leaders Arsenal and level with Tottenham .
However , Sturridge is determined to not get carried away by league table positions at such an early stage .
`` It 's early days . We need to take every game as it comes , '' said Sturridge . `` That 's the most important thing . Do n't worry about the future , worry about the here and now . ''
With its probe scheduled to land on Mars on October 19th , ExoMars 2016 is the first of two European missions to investigate the Red Planet 's atmosphere and find evidence of past life under its surface . Franck Montmessin , CNRS researcher and lead scientist on the mission 's key instruments , explains the high stakes of this historical campaign .
What exactly is the objective of ExoMars , Europe 's newest mission to the Red Planet ?
Franck Montmessin : ExoMars represents the second major phase of the European Space Agency 's ( ESA ) exploration of Mars . It follows Mars Express , which has now been in orbit around the planet since 2003 and proved a great scientific success . This new two-part mission will put the ESA firmly on the surface of Mars . The first part—ExoMars 2016—was launched on March 14 , 2016 , from Baikonur ( Kazakhstan ) to reach the Red Planet this October . It consists of the Trace Gas Orbiter ( TGO ) and a probe ( called Schiaparelli ) that will act as a test-run to demonstrate the ESA 's capabilities of landing on the planet . Provided there are no delays , the second leg of the project—ExoMars 2018—is scheduled for launch two years later . This will be the main part of the mission , whose objective will be to land a rover capable of drilling 2 meters in the ground in the search for complex—and possibly organic—matter , that may have been preserved from the surface 's hostile environment . Current Rovers like NASA 's Curiosity , for example , can only drill up to 5 centimeters .
So we 're still actively searching for traces of life .
F.M . : Finding past traces of life remains the leitmotif of all scientific endeavors on the planet . This is why we try to find the most likely locations where life may have been possible . And the first step is always to study the topography from above , from the orbiters . This shows us that some areas have been altered by the presence of liquid water—meaning that conditions must have been favorable at some point , and for considerable periods of time , to allow liquid water to alter these rocks . These are the locations that we want to explore in more detail .
Mars Express included , there are now 5 satellites currently orbiting Mars . What will the sixth , the Trace Gas Orbiter , tell us that others ca n't ?
F.M . : The specificity of the TGO are the instruments that make up the Atmospheric Chemistry Suite ( ACS ) and the Nadir and Occultation for MArs Discovery ( NOMAD ) . They will give us measurements that we have never had before . This data will be almost exclusively dedicated to characterizing with extreme precision the atmospheric composition of the planet and look for traces of gas—very small quantities . The technology used will provide data that is 10 to 100 times more refined than current measurements . We 're also using a method that has only once been used around Mars—on Mars Express . It is what we call solar occultation , which enables us to sound the atmosphere by analyzing it when the Sun sets or rises behind the planet . As photons travel through the atmosphere , some are absorbed by various gas components . These in turn create signatures that can infer on the type of gas . It is almost as accurate as using DNA samples , to make an analogy .
Are we looking for something in particular ?
F.M . : The Trace Gas Orbiter was motivated by findings that there was methane in the atmosphere . This acted as a spark . We were n't anticipating the presence of methane on Mars , which seems to be a signature of some kind of activity . We always hear that Mars is a dead planet , but this gas tells a different story . We know that life—organisms and living matter—is at the root of 80 % of the methane found on Earth . So the first thing we thought was that it could have been the result of bacteria , microbes , etc . More likely , it could result from either photochemical or geological processes . This could mean possible underground aquifer networks putting in contact silica rocks with relatively warm water , which could lead to the release of methane gas . That would mean there is liquid water below the surface . And all this suggests that Mars is still ‘ alive ' in some way . It is highly motivating to analyze not only methane , but all types of gases that could shed light on this activity . We want to compile a complete , precise inventory of all trace gases in the atmosphere—including those that we were not able to detect until now , possibly due to their minute quantities .
The orbiter could therefore also help identify a suitable landing site for the ExoMars 2018 rover ?
F.M . : It will do several things , including act as a communication relay for the rover once dispatched on the surface . But indeed , it can contribute to finding a suitable site , although it is not the only satellite that can be used—and there is already a vast quantity of information about the surface of Mars that we can draw from . The vast collaboration of researchers in charge of identifying a landing site may have already focused their attention on 2 or 3 candidates .
You are not only the deputy-principal investigator of the Russian instrument ( ACS ) onboard the orbiter , but you are also the scientific director of one of the instruments scheduled to land on the Martian surface on October 19 .
F.M . : Yes , that instrument is called Micro-ARES and is part of the Dust characterization , Risk assessment and Environment Analyser on the Martian Surface ( DREAMS ) suite of sensors fitted on Schiaparelli , the lander .
Background image : MOLA Science Team ; Map : ESA Share Share
So Schiaparelli is more than just a test-run for the 2018 rover landing ?
F.M . : This scientific objective came later in the planning , because the main purpose of Schiaparelli is still to test the ESA 's capacity to land a probe on the surface . Micro-ARES is an electric field detector connected to DREAMS , which was conceived by Italy . While DREAMS will be focused on measuring all the environmental conditions during the landing phase—like pressure , wind , humidity , etc.—Micro-ARES will be the first to explore the almost new scientific discipline of electric fields on Mars . There is a high probability that these exist on the surface of the Red Planet , and they may play a significant role on its chemistry and climate . This instrument is located at about 30 cm above the top of the lander , and will detect all electrostatic activity on the surface of Mars . This activity will be affected by mineral dusts , which abound in the atmosphere and create electric fields when particles collide . We know that this is the case on Earth , and that it may be strong enough to affect the processes that define dust movement on the Martian surface—something that controls most of the planet 's climate . That is the first scientific objective . The second is to ascertain whether these electric fields may catalyze chemical processes that would speed up the destruction of methane in the atmosphere . Indeed , not only were we able to determine the presence of the gas in the atmosphere , but we also noticed that it appeared and disappeared quite rapidly . One of the mechanisms put forward was the catalysis of powerful oxidizers caused by the movement of these dust particles on a large scale .
And Schiaparelli will have a short window to communicate all these findings .
F.M . : Yes , when it lands on October 19 , the probe will function on batteries with an autonomy of 2 to 3 days . After that , we 'll have to wait until the next phase of this European mission , ExoMars 2018…
Cellphone video recorded of the arrest of the suspect accused of fatally shooting a Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office deputy has led to questions about whether excessive force was used to take them into custody . Sheriff Newell Normand said their department is investigating the matter .
`` We always want to do things the right way , '' they said . `` I do n't tolerate doing things the wrong way . ''
Jerman Neveaux , 19 , of New Orleans , remained hospitalized Thursday evening at University Medical Center following their arrest in the death of Detective David Michel Jr. , 50 . Neveaux is accused of shooting Michel three times in the back after the deputy stopped them as they were walking near Manhattan Boulevard and Ascot Road in Harvey around 12:20 p.m. Wednesday ( June 22 ) .
Michel , a nine-year veteran of the department , was pronounced dead shortly after they arrived at University Medical Center . Neveaux ran into the nearby Pebble Walk neighborhood . Following a brief search , deputies took them into custody in the backyard of a townhouse in the 1500 block of London Cross Road , about five blocks from the scene of the shooting .
The cellphone video , which was obtained by our news partners at Fox 8 News , was recorded from an upstairs window of a neighboring apartment .
A woman who answered the door at that neighboring apartment on Thursday morning said they did not record the video but did witness part of the arrest .
The woman was asleep when they woke to the sounds of a commotion that sounded like it was coming from their backyard . When they looked out the window , they saw the deputies on top of a man later identified by authorities as Neveaux .
`` All I have seen was the man handcuffed and they were beating the hell out of him , '' the woman said .
In the video , a deputy who appears to be kneeling near what is possibly Neveaux 's head can be seen delivering at least 10 blows .
At one point , it appeared that Neveaux had lost consciousness , the woman said . They were lying still on the ground when another deputy kicked him .
`` I think that kick woke them up , '' the woman said .
Neveaux was still hospitalized Thursday evening with a fractured eye socket and abrasions to their face , according to Normand .
Neveaux 's grandmother , Yvette Neveaux , does not believe they are responsible for Michel 's death and said they think authorities grabbed the wrong person .
`` I 'm confused . They tell me he 's in the hospital ( and ) nobody can see him , '' said their grandmother , Yvette Neveaux . `` Why ca n't we see him ? Because ( deputies ) beat the s -- - out of him ? ''
Normand has seen the video and said their investigators have identified the person who shot it .
`` I would n't say that the video is clear and convincing of anything , '' they said .
From their viewing , they said they did not see any indication that deputies hit Neveaux while handcuffed . They acknowledged the video does show a deputy striking Neveaux , but said the suspect was still in possession of the .38-caliber pistol they later recovered from him .
The deputies were also searching for a possible second suspect . Investigators later determined Neveaux acted alone .
Detectives canvassed the neighborhood Thursday morning to speak with witnesses to the arrest , they said . Anyone else who would like to provide information about the incident is asked to contact the Sheriff 's Office at 504-364-5300 .
Normand directed those who feel uncomfortable talking to Sheriff 's Office detectives to contact the FBI .
When Jesús Rivas removed a female anaconda from a snake orgy in order to examine her , they got a surprise .
The anaconda 's swollen body suggested they were full of food , so Rivas waited for them to throw up : snakes often vomit after a meal if they have over-eaten or are stressed , to make themselves lighter so they can flee . But instead of a typical prey , like a capybara , a reptilian tail started emerging from their mouth .
`` It was an anaconda , '' says Rivas , a herpetologist from New Mexico Highlands University in Las Vegas . `` And the hemepenis was there , so it was a male . ''
The female anaconda had eaten one of their most recent sexual partners , a phenomenon known as sexual cannibalism . Them startling action is part of a growing body of evidence that we have misunderstood how snakes have sex .
In anacondas , sexual cannibalism only goes one way : the female consumes the male .
Previously , scientists had assumed that female snakes are submissive during courtship and mating , but it is now clear that they have a prominent role . `` There was the interpretation that females had no say in the mating process , '' says Rivas . They think that assumption stems from bias by early researchers , who were predominantly male .
In fact female snakes are physically imposing , so it is not surprising that they can overpower – and even swallow – their mates . In many animals , males are larger than females , but for most snakes the opposite is true .
In anacondas , females are on average 4.7 times larger than males . That is the biggest size difference between sexes in any land-living vertebrate . `` I was surprised , '' says Rivas . `` The difference is drastic . ''
The reason males are so often larger than females is that it helps them secure a mate .
Among lizards , birds and mammals , bigger males are more successful at defending a territory and driving off any competing males . But most male snakes do not exhibit such stereotypically male behaviour . They are not territorial , and during courtship they may simply push away their competition , instead manoeuvring their tails to sneakily reach for a female 's genital tract . This could explain why male snakes do not benefit from being larger .
Instead , evolution may have driven female snakes to grow larger . Size is linked to increased fertility and bigger offspring , which are more likely to survive . A 2016 study also found that maternal body size can influence the young 's immune systems .
Males seem to be drawn to these reproductive benefits : they prefer to court larger females .
But it is not obvious how the males make this choice . Snakes do not have very good eyesight , so how a male snake could spot a particularly big female from a distance is unclear .
A possible clue comes from the fact that courtship is initiated by females , not males . After a female emerges from hibernation and sheds their skin , they release pheromones that draw males towards them
`` It 's thought that the pheromones are transmitted when the skin tears , '' says Rivas . `` Males go crazy . ''
It turns out that these pheromones can carry information about a female 's appearance .
Michael LeMaster from Western Oregon University in Monmouth found that the scent emitted by female red-sided garter snakes can convey their physical size . During the breeding season , longer females had higher proportions of certain chemicals in their skin .
`` We were pleasantly surprised to find that there was size-dependent variation in the female sexual attractiveness pheromone , '' says LeMaster . Although males do court small females , they spend less time doing so , and often switch their attention to larger females if one passes by .
However , the pheromones can not be the whole explanation because , with very few exceptions , they do not diffuse through the air , so suitors need to get close before they detect them .
Another aspect of snake sex that we have got wrong is the pattern of mating .
Polygyny , in which one male mates with several females , was long thought to be the norm in snakes . But it is not quite as simple as that .
It is certainly common for several male snakes to be attracted to the same female . For example , in a 2016 study Mark O'Shea from the University of Wolverhampton in the UK and their colleagues reported an instance of multi-male courtship in the paradise flying snake .
In the Malaysian region of Borneo , a female paradise flying snake was photographed in a braid-like entanglement with four males . The snakes moved as a unit following the female 's lead , moving along a path and into bushes , over the course of 30 minutes . The team suspects that the males competed for the prime copulation position during the journey .
Keel-bellied whipsnakes , a closely-related species , have also been observed in a similar courtship braid . These snakes are active during the day , so the formation may help them do two things at once : woo a female and keep slithering through the trees to avoid predators .
On the ground , snake `` orgies '' tend to be much larger .
A female green anaconda will sit still in mud or shallow water , while males make the effort of moving around to find them Often , a dozen prospective partners present themselves , wrapping themselves around the female in a ritual that can last for up to a month .
Rivas vividly recalls watching a male green anaconda persistently pursue a large female and later have sex with her , disregarding other mating opportunities nearby . `` It 's the closest to true love you 'll find in a snake , '' they say .
Garter snake courtship can be even more extreme . In the Interlake region of Manitoba , Canada , a single female may be pursued by up to 100 males , who slither on top of each other and form a `` mating ball '' . Several mating groups often gather at once in crevices above ground , littering the landscape with thousands of snakes .
However , the garter snakes only do this in certain places . `` In the continental US , there are no mating aggregations , '' says Rivas . It is not clear why , but environmental conditions such as climate could be a factor : the behaviour of other snake species can vary dramatically based on geography . Rivas and their team are currently studying the mating practices of their local garter snake population in New Mexico .
The trouble with all these snake orgies is that it is not clear which of the males , if any , actually succeeds in producing offspring . But one thing is clear : since snake orgies are writhing with males , females must choose .
`` A female ultimately 'decides ' when to [ open ] their cloaca to allow for mating to occur , '' says LeMaster , based on their studies of red-sided garter snakes . Females also use genital contractions to control the duration of copulation and can interrupt sex if a mate proves unsatisfactory .
It is still unclear what cues the females used to choose one suitor over another . `` The strongest or most persistent male is probably the one that would eventually mate with the female , thereby producing stronger offspring , '' suggests O'Shea . But there may well be more of an element of female choice . Riva thinks the females could use their sense of touch to distinguish between males . Observing a mating group from the inside , perhaps with a camera , could reveal the process involved .
In any case , females do not necessarily pick a single suitor . Instead , they often have sex with several males . What 's more , contrary to early research , males typically stick with a single partner while females sleep around .
`` Males invest a lot of energy trying to find females , which is consistent with polyandry , '' says Rivas . They think polyandry – in which each female mates with multiple males – is likely to be the ancestral mating system in snakes .
It is not clear why snakes would have evolved this particular mating system . One idea is that promiscuity allows females to stock up on seminal fluids , which provide them with nutrition . However , Rivas thinks that mating with many males is more likely to be a way of producing the healthiest offspring , by letting sperm competition weed out incompatible or unhealthy genes . Females can store sperm in their reproductive tract for months or even years , and it seems to remain competitive even when faced with new , fresh sperm .
So how do males get ahead ?
Female red-sided garter snakes that have just copulated emit a special pheromone , which allows males to avoid wasting time pursuing them . But some males take a more active role in securing mates .
For example , male red-sided garter snakes produce a gelatinous substance that blocks the female 's genital tract after mating . This `` mating plug '' is thought to be a tactic to prevent the female from mating again . When male red-sided garter snakes copulate with large females , they tend to mate for longer – but instead of depositing more sperm , they often produce a larger mating plug to make life difficult for other suitors .
Mating plugs are not 100 % effective . For one thing , they often fall out . But they may have another role besides enforcing chastity . The mating plugs of red-sided garter snakes have been found to be packed with sperm , which could be gradually released as they dissolve . In other words , these mating plugs may actually be a sneaky way for males to spread their seed .
A male might also gain an advantage by being the last to mate with a female . The sperm from the most recent sexual encounter may remain on top and enter the female first . That could help explain why anacondas court each other for so long . `` It would make sense for males to hang out and try to be the last ones to mate , '' says Rivas .
However , to come back to where we started , male anacondas may not want to stick around for too long after sex : doing so puts them at risk of being eaten .
Female anacondas do not always consume their mates , and it is not clear how they choose whether to do so . `` It would be interesting to find out why the ones that get eaten are more susceptible , '' says Rivas . Sexual cannibalism probably provides female anacondas with a lot of nutrients , which would be useful because they fast for seven months while pregnant .
When it comes to the reproductive behaviour of snakes though , there are still many mysteries to be solved . Part of the issue is that snakes are so secretive , which means only a few species have been observed in the wild .
But from what we can tell , the mating habits of snakes are rather similar to those of spiders . In both groups , the females are larger than the males , there is a lot of complex competition among males to fertilise the females , while the females find ways to control who mates with them – and unwary males sometimes risk being eaten by their mates .
Why two such distantly related groups , which last shared a common ancestor hundreds of millions of years ago when animal life was still confined to the sea , have evolved such similar mating styles is anyone 's guess .
Rome : Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi 's centre-left Democratic Party ( PD ) has reached an accord with centre-right parties over proposals to curtail the powers of the Senate , one of the key planks in a wider constitutional reform package .
The changes , agreed by party officials late on Friday , are intended to create the conditions for more stable government .
They would concentrate power in the lower house and make it easier for a party to win a reliable parliamentary majority .
Under the current system of “ perfect bicameralism , ” the Senate has virtually equal powers with the lower house but is elected through regional votes rather than a single national ballot . That increases the chances the two houses will end up with different majorities .
Under the accord , the Senate would become a regional chamber which would lose its power to pass legislation and to vote “ no confidence ” and bring down a government . It would still have the power to request amendments and vote on constitutional issues .
Responding to pressure for a cut in the cost of the overall political system , the number of senators would be cut from 315 to 100 . Instead of being directly elected , they would mainly be mayors and local government representatives with a small number nominated by the president .
The accord will require a two-thirds majority in parliament to change the constitution , which it should get if the agreement with the opposition holds up . It is expected to be brought up for debate in parliament next month .
The agreement follows months of wrangling between the PD and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's Forza Italia party . A deadlock after last February 's election had forced centre-left and centre-right parties into an unwieldy and fragile coalition , strengthening long-standing calls for an overhaul of the system .
A separate reform of the voting system is currently being discussed by the parties , with representatives from the PD expected to meet members of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement next week .
( Allen West ) – Folks are always making lists to categorize individuals or things — most beautiful , top ten in college football , top 100 songs , top ten cities to live in , top ten best restaurants , top ten places to visit — you know what I mean . Well , there 's a new list courtesy of our friends at the Muslim Brotherhood-backed and Hamas-supporting front group , the Council for American Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) — an unindicted co-conspirator in the largest Islamic terrorist funding case in US History , the Holy Land Foundation trial .
As reported by DClothesline.com , “ The Muslim Brotherhood front group Hamas-CAIR has decided to build and “ islamophobic ” website and design a hit list in the same manner as the Southern Poverty Law Center 's “ hate list. ” The new site is Islamophobia.org . According to the website , “ Islamophobia is closed-minded prejudice against or hatred of Islam and Muslims . An Islamophobe is an individual who holds a closed-minded view of Islam and promotes prejudice against or hatred of Muslims . ”
You can view the list here — and yes , yours truly is right there at number two , as the list is alphabetical based on first name . So I have to thank CAIR because normally I 'm listed towards the bottom , since my last name starts with “ w . ”
SPECIAL : Make Barack Hussein Obama pay for their crimes against America . How much are you willing to take before you stand up and do something ? This is your opportunity to be a true Patriot . Support the Tea Party Constitution Fund . And so it begins , the “ blacklisting ” of people following , the stages of jihad video we shared with you yesterday from David Wood — this is certainly stage 2 . Furthermore , it would n't surprise me at all if CAIR decided in some demented sort of way to go to the UN Human Rights Council and invoke UNHRC Resolution 16/18 and attempt to bring forth some “ global criminal charges ” against those listed .
What I want to make clear to CAIR is that this is a very dangerous endeavor upon which they have embarked to “ hit list ” Americans . You could certainly see that as a violation of our First Amendment rights and also a potential incitement to violence — I do have a concealed weapons license fellas and save for one time in Iraq in 2003 , I do n't miss . Now , I 'm quite sure U.S Attorney General Eric Holder will be investigating CAIR with their Civil Rights division ? Ok folks , stop laughing .
What I find interesting is that I am listed with Bill Maher , which goes to show this has nothing to do with political philosophy , it 's just that CAIR wants Islam to be challenged by no one . Take a gander at this video clip with Fox News ' Megyn Kelly and how CAIR attacks the film , “ Honor Diaries .
We should alert you that Fox News ' Brian Kilmeade and Lauren Green are also on this list . And what about listing U.S. Members of Congress ? Could this not also be perceived as a threat ?
However , there is someone taking umbrage with the CAIR 's logic .
“ The problem with such an assertion is nicely summed up by Ned May of the International Civil Liberties Alliance ( ICLA ) when they said that to use the term “ Islamophobia ” is “ a violation of logic. ” They blasted the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights ( ODIHR ) in 2013 saying that the word “ fails solely to inclusion of the word ‘ unfounded . ' Thus , well-founded fear , mistrust or hatred of Islam does not constitute Islamophobia. ” They also went on to point out , “ Millions of non-Muslims have very real reasons to fear Islam and Muslim violence , and can not reasonably be described as ‘ Islamaphobes , ” they said . “ Furthermore , any investigation into the fear of Islam , is denounced as ‘ Islamophobia . ' Thus , the definition of Islamophobia is circular , a violation of logic . ”
What I find insightful is that there are certain Americans who are trusting a terrorist front group operating in the United States to classify our citizens and condemn them as Islamophobes — and these same cultural jihadist apologists join this well-dressed and suited gang . We are stepping into some very muddy waters here with this list being published — especially at a time when ISIS has been putting out calls to violence on social media . And we all remember how well Muslims took to the insidious cartoons of Mohammed .
Now out course , if some website had posted a list of Muslim individuals with ties to Islamic terrorism residing here in the United States — the cries would have been of profiling , racism ( just a note Muslim is not a race ) , and civil rights violations . That is exactly what happened in New York City and Mayor Bill when de Blasio cancelled the surveillance program there .
Let me be very clear , I fear God — the God of Abraham , Isaac , Jacob , David , and Jesus — and dread not . I have no “ phobia ” over something that I fully recognize as a historical threat to peace — and yes — coexistence . So this little list is certainly intended to coerce and intimidate , but with all my heart I make myself clear — I am not the fella to screw around with .
I do n't believe President Barack Hussein Obama or Attorney General Eric Holder will start an investigation against CAIR over this public listing — they are complicit and supportive of Islamist activity in America .
But be advised not a single person on this “ hit list ” will relent in standing up for the principles and values of liberty , freedom , and democracy and articulating the threat which Islamo-fascism presents . We will not surrender boys ! And I suggest you take down this list , apologize , and pray we find it in our hearts to forgive you — or the specter of an American eagle , our symbol of strength will befall you .
Molon Labe .
http : //allenbwest.com/2014/11/im-number-two-cairs-official-list-islamophobes/
Every nation , every society struggles with what to do with psychoactive drugs , with the problem of addiction . In the United States and certainly in the city of Seattle , we have found that many of our policies were causing more harm than the actual drugs that we were trying to police .
— Seattle Police Department 's Jim Pugel to the Polish parliament
Poland has recently played host to several Seattle-connected drug-law reformers ( including one former interim police chief ) as at least some officials there seek to reform that country 's “ War on Drugs ” -style laws .
Among the most recent was I-502 architect and ACLU attorney Alison Holcomb , who was in Warsaw in November “ for a meeting convened by former President Aleksander Kwaśniewski ( 1995-2005 ) to discuss problems associated with Poland 's punitive approach to substance use and abuse , and possible approaches to advancing reform . ”
Another was Seattle 's former-interim-but-still-candidate-for-police-chief Jim Pugel . They were there to talk broadly about Seattle PD 's LEAD , or Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion program :
This is part of the news release by the Polish Drug Policy Network announcing Pugel 's trip to Poland last week :
“ Poland can learn a lot from Seattle , ” said Agnieszka Sieniawska , chairperson of the Polish Drug Policy Network . “ Many of us recognize that harsh punishments for minor , non-violent offenses only make a bad situation worse . Seattle , under Chief Pugel , charted a sensible new path that is worth emulating. ” The lessons of Seattle are particularly relevant to Poland . In 2000 , the country introduced one of the most punitive drug laws in Europe criminalizing possession of any amount of drugs and making it punishable by up to three years imprisonment . The law resulted in 100,000 Poles suffering criminal penalties for possession of illicit drugs in the following decade . Most of these people were young men , between the ages of 17 and 30 . The law has since been amended to include some prosecutorial discretion , however , in many parts of the country drug offenders are still subject to arrest and severe punishments . There are around 30,000 people arrested every year for minor drug offenses , roughly one every three hours .
Or as Holcomb wrote to us this evening :
What I heard from Polish officials and policy advocates was clear recognition that the increased threat of punishment was n't producing the intended improvements in public health , and was causing significant collateral damage and cost . But I also heard skepticism from some quarters about whether decriminalizing drug use would make matters better , or worse instead . I think Assistant Chief Pugel 's visit was timely and important because they have first-hand experience with how police can collaborate with service providers to improve public safety and order without cycling drug users through the criminal justice system . It 's unusual for police and providers to work together on the streets – drug users do n't trust the police , and providers ca n't reach people if they 're not trusted . Pugel and their LEAD team have accomplished something pretty amazing in Belltown .
What Pugel told Poland
Here 's the gist of Pugel 's comments ( nothing surprising , but still a strong reminder of what went wrong with America 's War on Drugs ) made to members of the Polish parliament … as transcribed from a video provided by a PR person with the Open Society 's Global Drug Policy Program :
Thank you deputy . I am honored to be here . I am humbled to be able to share our experiences … Every nation , every society struggles with what to do with psychoactive drugs , with the problem of addiction . In the United States and certainly in the city of Seattle , we have found that many of our policies were causing more harm than the actual drugs that we were trying to police . … We in the United States declared a war on drugs 40 years ago . And for the last 30 years as a police officer , I have arrested — and many of my fellow men and women police officers — have also arrested people over and over again . Putting them in jail . Once they get out of jail , they return to the drug scene without ever being cured and continuing to be stigmatized with a criminal record . We worked closely with former adversarial groups , with the American Civil Liberties Union and with the Defender Association . We all agreed that our policies were not working . We all agreed that the people we were most often putting in jail were nonviolent , low-level subsistence level of drug dealers . This is a consensus based group … our goal is to divert the person at the point of arrest into treatment , physical and mental health and into housing and job counseling . In order to qualify for diversion into this harm-reduction initiative , a person can not have more than three grams of any drug . It does not matter what type of drug it is . They can not be predatory , they can not be a for-profit drug dealer and they have to be amenable to diversion into the program . If the drug dealer , the drug user , or the sex worker meets the qualifications , they are offered to go to jail or they are offered to go to treatment . The police officer then brings the person to the police station , begins filling out their paperwork and calls for a case manager from a treatment service provider that we contracted with .
For a truly mind-bending exercise ( provided you are not fluent in Polish ) , check out this video of Pugel talking with some 50 Polish cops about taking the harm-reduction path in law enforcement :
Seattlepi.com news intern KJ Hiramoto contributed to this story .
Bari defender tells investigators they were offered €50,000 to lose , as latest scandal threatens to throw Italian football into disarray
At the climax of their football team 's fiercely contested clash against local rivals Lecce last year , defender Andrea Masiello committed what appeared to be a ghastly error , poking a cross into their own goal instead of hoofing it clear .
Masiello , 27 , collapsed dejectedly on the grass after their own-goal sealed a 2-0 defeat for Bari , which was already facing relegation from Italy 's Serie A .
But the player has now admitted to investigators that they were offered at least €50,000 ( £41,600 ) to turn the ball into the net to ensure Bari lost and help secure Lecce 's survival in Serie A .
Magistrates who arrested Masiello and placed eight of their former Bari team-mates under investigation are now studying the team 's final games of last season . They suspect matches thrown by the side from Puglia , in southern Italy , may have determined which teams went down and which qualified for Europe .
The investigation is the latest twist in a rumbling match-fixing scandal which threatens to throw Italian football into disarray .
The Bari players , wrote judge Giovanni Abbattista , `` were more or less 'on the market ' , and not in the footballing sense of the term '' . Treated as idols by fans , they were no more than mercenaries , they said .
Despite its reputation for attractive football , Bari could not compete with Serie A 's big guns last year and players reportedly feared the club would not pay their wages as it slipped into the relegation zone .
Magistrates have suggested management at Bari and Lecce were privy to the fixing of their match , but Bari 's sporting director , Guido Angelozzi , denied any role .
Investigators suspect players of being approached to throw other games by a mysterious Balkan group of gamblers known as The Gypsies , which is suspected of paying off players from a number of Italian sides .
Last June , the Italian government established a match-fixing taskforce as the former Atalanta captain and Italy midfielder Cristiano Doni was banned for three and a half years for match fixing in Serie B , the former Lazio and Italy player Giuseppe Signori was banned for five years and 15 other players were banned for between one and five years .
Masiello 's arrest moves the scandal out of Serie B and places it firmly in Serie A . In an interview last month with Italy 's La Repubblica , Macedonian Hristiyan Ilievski , the alleged head of The Gypsies , claimed they had approached Bari players when they heard the team was destined for relegation .
Masiello , they said , `` seemed to have clear ideas about what they wanted and what they had to do '' .
Ilievski claimed that in Bari the local mafia was already involved in match fixing . Bari players have claimed they were under pressure from the heads of `` ultra '' groups of supporters to throw games at the end of the season to assist betting scams .
The Italian football federation , which is recovering from a previous match-influencing scandal which led to relegation for the top side , Juventus , called the arrests `` sensational developments '' and said it would take swift action against any players who were found guilty .
Updated , 12:50 p.m. | New York City is witnessing an upsurge in the number of cyclists , but many of them do not obey traffic and helmet laws , according to a observational study by students and professors at Hunter College .
Among the more important findings of the study , which was released on Wednesday :
Nearly 57 percent of the cyclists observed failed to stop red lights .
About 13 percent of cyclists ( and a quarter of cyclists under the age of 14 ) were observed riding against traffic .
Almost 13 percent of cyclists ( and more than half of cyclists under the age of 14 ) were observed riding on sidewalks .
Nearly 14 percent of cyclists did not use a designated bike lane when one was available .
Only 36 percent of cyclists wore helmets . About half of female riders wore helmets , compared with just about one-third of the males . Nearly half of the children under the age of 14 , and nearly three-quarters of commercial cyclists — like messengers and delivery workers — did not wear a helmet , even though the law requires that both groups use helmets .
The study was conducted by Hunter students in research methodology and urban data analysis courses , and was based on observations of 2,928 cyclists at street intersections , bike lanes and bike paths at 69 locations Oct. 1-29 .
Peter Tuckel , a professor of sociology , and William Milczarski , an associate professor of urban affairs and planning , oversaw the study and wrote the report . They said that the behavior of drivers had been studied much more extensively than that of cyclists , and called the findings “ troubling ” and “ disturbing . ”
Professor Tuckel said :
Given the findings presented in this study that the overwhelming majority of cyclists in the city are not wearing helmets and the attendant risks of injury or even death , it is important that greater efforts be expended by governmental agencies and other responsible parties including parents , schools , cycling clubs and sport retail outlets to encourage greater helmet use .
Professor Milczarski said that “ greater adherence to these traffic laws ” would help to reduce reports of “ conflicts between cyclists and motorists . ”
One methodological drawback : The observations were not a random sampling of all city cyclists . However , Professors Tuckel and Milczarski said the cyclists observed represented a broad cross-section of them .
The students were instructed to choose cyclists they observed within a given location on a random basis without employing subjective criteria , and they were told to remain as inconspicuous as possible . The students observed cyclists at intersections , at traffic lights and on bike lanes , and the observations were made on both weekdays and weekends and at peak and off-peak times .
The students recorded demographic information about the cyclists and also recorded whether the rider wore a helmet , stopped at a red light , went in the same direction as traffic , rode on a sidewalk , used a designated bike path , and talked on a cellphone or ate or drank while riding . ( Some good news from the study : Only a very tiny proportion of cyclists used handheld cellphones or ate or drank while riding . The students observed many cyclists listening to iPods and other music devices , although the iPods were not a formal part of the study . )
In 2006 , there were 773 bicycle fatalities in the United States ( 98 of them were children under the age of 14 ) and an additional 44,000 injuries of cyclists in traffic accidents , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
A study by the Bicyle Helmet Safety Institute found that nearly all cyclists who died in New York City were not wearing a helmet and that only 13 percent of those seriously injured while cycling were wearing a helmet .
“ With the ranks of cyclists growing in the city and the amount of street space becoming even more fiercely fought over , it is imperative that all three groups — cyclists , motorists , and pedestrians — abide by the traffic laws and be more respectful of the rights of others who share that space , ” Professors Tuckel and Milczarski wrote in their conclusion .
They also emphasized the need for better training of both drivers and cyclists and the incorporation of bike-safety lessons in school curriculums .
Wiley Norvell , a spokesperson for Transportation Alternatives , a leading advocacy group for cyclists and pedestrians , said , “ It 's our philosophy that good street design gives us better behavior. ” Dedicated bike lanes will encourage cyclists to stay off the sidewalks , they said , noting that children under 14 are permitted to ride on the sidewalks .
“ Obviously it 's incumbent for cyclists to obey the laws : they have the same rights and responsibilities as pedestrians and motorists , ” Mr. Norvell said . “ The most important rule is to yield to pedestrians , always , no matter what . It gets under my skin if a bicyclist does n't yield to a pedestrian . ”
As for running red lights , Mr. Norvell said , “ It does n't surprise me to see high rates of traffic infractions on streets that do not have provisions for bicyclists . ”
It 's starting to look like President Trump 's promised $ 1-trillion plan to rebuild the nation 's infrastructure will be as bad for us as their health care plan turned out to be .
Infrastructure Report Card
The American Society of Civil Engineers ( ASCE ) has issued their 2017 Infrastructure Report Card . We did n't do so well . Our “ grade ” is a miserable D+ . Why ? Go outside and look around at our out-of-date and crumbling roads , bridges , dams , airports , water systems , and electrical grid .
President Obama was able to address a bit of the problem in the 2009 “ stimulus. ” This passed because Democrats had supermajority control of the Senate at the time . But then they lost enough seats that Republicans could block things , and block they did . Republicans filibustered everything after that .
Now , after blocking infrastructure projects for seven of the last eight years , Republicans are suddenly talking about how we need to fix our infrastructure . What does this mean ?
Trump 's “ Plan ”
Trump 's promise to revamp infrastructure has , shall we say , “ evolved. ” Early in the campaign , candidate Trump just said “ believe me ” : they would take care of fixing everything . In their campaign announcement speech they said ,
[ We need to ] rebuild the country 's infrastructure . Nobody can do that like me . Believe me . It will be done on time , on budget , way below cost , way below what anyone ever thought . I look at the roads being built all over the country , and I say I can build those things for one-third . What they do is unbelievable , how bad .
By August , their promises had evolved into details – well , one detail : to “ double ” whatever Hillary Clinton would invest in infrastructure .
Them number is a fraction of what we 're talking about . We need much more money to rebuild our infrastructure . I would say at least double their numbers , and you 're going to really need a lot more than that .
Then , their promises morphed into a plan to sell “ infrastructure bonds ” to cover the costs . In other words , do things the way they are always done : borrow money to build infrastructure , then pay it back from the resulting economic gains .
By October , the plan had evolved into a $ 1 trillion promise . Except , it was n't , really .
A tax credit would be offered to private companies to finance projects , while the companies would also have to take equity investments in the projects . According to Yahoo Finance , $ 167 billion of the $ 1 trillion investment would be equity investment , while the rest would be debt raised by private partners . Additionally , all projects built under the plan would be required to generate cash flow , like toll roads or airports that produce tax revenue instead of free parks or highways without tolls . The equity investment partners would also take the revenue , essentially privatizing much of the new infrastructure and making riskier investments more palatable .
Note this key point in Trump 's “ evolved ” plan : “ privatizing much of the new infrastructure . ”
Trump 's Plan : Pay Rich People To Build It , Then Pay Them To Let Us Use It
Privatizing infrastructure means We the People wo n't own it , a few rich people will . We 'll then have to pay them to let us use our own roads , dams and bridges .
Trump 's plan fundamentally alters the relationship between the people of this country and the government . Since our founding , we have been a country “ of , by and for the people , ” building and maintaining infrastructure that We the People all can use .
Trump 's plan is to have We the People pay businesses , through tax breaks , to build infrastructure that they then own . Then they make us pay again through tolls and fees to use the infrastructure we just paid to build , if we want to use it .
Nice work , if you 're rich enough to get it .
There is n't even any real reason to think this plan will actually do the job of improving our infrastructure . The tax credits are likely to go to projects the private corporations were already planning to do , anyway .
Grover Norquist summed up the private corporate priorities in a Washington Times report on Trump 's plan ,
Grover Norquist , founder and president of Americans for Tax Reform , described the infrastructure program being drafted at the White House as part of the biggest reduction of regulations envisioned since President Ronald Reagan , potentially clearing the way for massive private investment . ‘ We 've had an eight-year war on infrastructure by the Obama administration , ' said Mr. Norquist . ‘ They tried to stop and did stop pipelines , coal production , gold exploration , mining of natural gas and fracking . '
Yes , those tax credits will likely go toward the infrastructure priorities of Trump 's cronies : “ pipelines , coal production , gold exploration , mining of natural gas and fracking . ”
Senate Democrats ' Plan
In January , Senate Democrats introduced a plan of their own : We the People build infrastructure that we own and all get to use . My post at that time , Do n't Be Fooled By Trump 's Promises on Infrastructure Jobs , had the details .
Their plan is called “ A Blueprint to Rebuild America 's Infrastructure , Creating Over 15 Million New Jobs. ” Click through for a one-page description or read their full , detailed report . Here 's a quick summary : ● $ 210 billion to repair crumbling roads and bridges , ( saving the average American family over $ 1,700 a year ) . 2.7 million new jobs . ● $ 110 billion to modernize water and sewer systems . 2.5 million new jobs . ● $ 180 billion to expand rail and bus systems . 2.5 million new jobs ● $ 200 billion for a new vital infrastructure projects ( VIP ) program that will direct major federal investments to the most critical national projects . 2.6 million new jobs . ● $ 75 billion to rebuild America 's schools . 975,000 new jobs . ● $ 70 billion to modernize America 's ports , airports and waterways . 845,000 new jobs . ● $ 100 billion to build 21st-century energy infrastructure . 1.3 million new jobs . ● $ 20 billion to expand broadband access to millions of Americans . 260,000 new jobs . ● $ 20 billion in funding to address critical infrastructure backlogs on public lands and in Indian country . 260,000 new jobs . ● $ 10 billion to construct new Veterans Administration hospitals and extended care facilities ● $ 10 billion to support the creation of new innovative financing . 1.3 million new jobs .
How To Pay For This ?
As I explained in my January article ,
Senate Democrats offered a very simple way to pay for their infrastructure proposal – largely the same plan Bernie Sanders offered during the primaries . Corporations have well over $ 2 trillion of profits stashed in tax havens , just waiting to be taxed . Senate Democrats say , ‘ Let 's just close that loophole and collect those taxes . ' Doing so would immediately generate more than $ 700 billion of tax revenue , plus another $ 100 billion or so each year . In addition , the corporations would “ bring the money ” back and the untaxed portion would be used to expand and hire , and distribute the rest to shareholders . Either way , this brings that money into the U.S. economy .
The Choice
So there is a choice . Trump 's plan has us paying for corporations to build the infrastructure they were already planning to build , for their own profit reasons . They get to keep it after we pay for it . And then they get to make us pay them to use it .
The Democrat 's plan makes the corporations pay taxes on profits they have stashed outside the country to pay for the public infrastructure we need . Then we own it and we all get to use it .
Which plan do you think is better ? Call your member of Congress and bother of your Senators and let them know which you think it best .
Why does it seem like America is persistently under-prepared for the natural disasters we hear about every few years ?
For as many billions of dollars , nationally and internationally , that are ploughed into meteorology and its bastard love-child climate change , you 'd think there would be a preparedness in every community , every household , and in every region at risk from floods , hurricanes , tornados , or ManBearPig .
Either everyone 's really stupid and stubborn , or dollars are wasted , with people are being — as usual — cajoled into believing the big arm of government will be there to bail them out each time .
I suspect the latter part of that equation is the most likely .
HEARTS AND MINDS , NOT SANDBAGS AND INSURANCE
For all of the climate change lobby 's bluster , very little of the billions spent seems to find its way into action-orientated solutions .
If these events are — as most in that field would have you believe — caused by climate change , then that lobby is either grossly negligent or criminally complicit in its failure to keep people and property safe .
“ But the Republicans ! ” the left will squeal of thwarted legislative measures , pretending they are blissfully unaware that there are other routes to market than through government . The same left , by the way , who laud the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , the Open Society Foundations , the Clinton Foundation… . stop me when you get bored .
Once again opportunism rears its head , and proves that climate change as an issue is less about a reduction in the global events we are asked to believe are a consequence of man 's actions on the Earth , and more about an assault on free markets and free peoples .
Considering the “ investments ” made by so many virtue signaling corporations on the topic , why is it still so hard to respond , or prepare , for events like Hurricane Harvey , or their threatening sister , Irma ?
The truth is the cash on hand is used more to lobby to win “ hearts and minds ” than it is to actually help people . But that 's because they left does n't actually care about real people .
Instead , on the ground , it 's the American Red Cross funded by your kind donations . It 's the Cajun Navy . It 's local communities coming together and giving everything they have to bail their neighbors out .
A DEPENDENCY CULTURE
Just like Europe , government is becoming the answer to everyone 's problems . Even when the problems have n't yet manifested themselves , or do n't exist .
But hurricanes manifestly do exist , as do other natural disasters that pre-date human involvement in the environment .
Americans , however , are being lulled into a false sense of security by both the investment — on their behalves — being pushed into “ combatting climate change ” and the idea that central government will bail them out .
Whereas an older generation will be well aware of having to stock up on supplies , batten down the hatches , and look after the most vulnerable in their communities , a younger generation are less inclined to that way of thinking .
Crisis situations always bring out the best in people , but it should n't need to come to that .
The U.S. government is spending record amounts on climate change — much of which goes purely on “ research ” used to bash conservatives over the head .
From fiscal year 1993 to 2014 , “ climate science ” research spending from governmental sources alone grew from $ 1.31 billion to $ 2.66 billon , accounting for a total of $ 42.49 billion . During the same period , “ other ” climate-related expenditures totaled $ 104.29 billion .
Honestly , look at how this all plays out :
This , when the federal government is arguing over $ 7bn for Harvey relief , puts into perspective the excesses of ideology-driven government spending .
In a nutshell , this represents one of the most grotesque examples of leftist largesse , and why President Trump 's “ America First ” mantra resonated so well with real people in the real country .
Raheem Kassam is the editor-in-chief of Breitbart London and author of No Go Zones : How Shariah Law is Coming to a Neighborhood Near You
Kickstarter has proven a boon to game developers around the globe . But getting users to find a campaign is tough , and many miss their funding goals . Is there room for an upstart ?
Double Fine veteran Justin Bailey thinks so . As the company 's chief operating office , Bailey saw the studio through Kickstarter campaigns Broken Age ( aka Double Fine Adventure ) and Massive Chalice has left the company to found Fig -- a venture-backed crowdfunding platform specifically catered to video games .
Fig is very different from Kickstarter and its competitors . For a start , Fig will only host two campaigns at a time , and in addition to `` reward '' ( Kickstarter-style `` pledge and get the game '' ) funding , it 'll also offer uses a chance to invest in games and receive proceeds from its sales -- in perpetuity .
Bailey , who serves as Fig 's CEO , has n't cut ties with Double Fine ; founder Tim Schafer sits on the new platform 's advisory board , alongside inXile 's Brian Fargo and Obsidan 's Feargus Urquhart . The trio plans to use Fig to fund their future projects .
Launch title : Outer Wilds
But those projects are n't the only ones you 'll see on Fig . The service launches today with its first campaign : Outer Wilds , this year 's IGF Seumas McNally grand prize winner .
Each indie project will come from `` an amazing indie that has potential , '' in Bailey 's words . The site will follow Outer Wilds up in about two weeks with the first campaign from one of its `` triple-I '' studios . With each campaign lasting a month , that forms the basis of an overlapping schedule . Fig is designed that way to bring in traffic that will help the `` indie '' game during the middle of its campaign , exactly when most crowdfunding efforts most struggle to pull in backers .
`` We 're hoping the indie can draft off the established studios , '' says Bailey . Fig staff will handpick each project that appears on the site . `` Everything 's spotlight -- that 's all we are , '' Bailey says .
This is the `` next iteration '' of crowdfunding , says Bailey , and it 's specifically catered to game developers . For example , the top of the page houses a nice , Steam-style gallery of images and videos ; built into the site 's design is a gauge that tells you where in the game development process ( e.g . concept , alpha , beta ) the project is .
Fig also plans to buy advertising for campaigns to drive potential backers to them ; one upcoming campaign may even feature an embedded `` daily deal '' to lure in traffic .
The inspiration
By pairing up both reward ( `` back and you 'll get the game and this T-shirt '' ) and equity ( `` invest in the game and you 'll get a portion of the proceeds '' ) crowdfunding , Bailey hopes to create a mix that will help games that are `` properly funded , budget-wise , '' and avoid the need to seek more external funding to complete a project , and situations where developers ask for less than they need to really complete a project just so they get something .
The idea of bringing in lesser-known indies , meanwhile , is an outgrowth of an experiment Double Fine made with Last Life -- the company threw its promotional weight behind its Kickstarter campaign , and helped developer Sam Farmer smash their initial funding goal .
It 's also a reflection of the fact that , as the developers behind high-performing Kickstarter campaigns , Schafer , Urquhart , and Fargo often ended up advising on others ' crowdfunding efforts anyway . `` Tim and I both emerged from [ prior crowdfunding efforts ] having a much better idea of how to make this successful and work for everybody , as did Brian and Feargus , '' Bailey says .
That relationship will now be formalized , as part of Fig . As an example , Fargo visited Outer Wilds developer Mobius Digital to evaluate the studio 's development plans and offer suggestions ; Fargo and Schafer also offered feedback on its Fig funding campaign . The company also offers campaign managers to run the nuts-and-bolts , day-to-day of funding on Fig .
Bailey told a story about , how after Indie Fund got involved with Double Fine 's Hack 'n ' Slash , Canabalt dev Adam Saltsman called and offered project lead Brandon Dillon advice on how to radically rework the game for the better . `` That 's the kind of impact we 're trying to have , '' Bailey said .
Direct investment : What devs want ?
The most notable thing about Fig , however , might be that it offers equity crowdfunding -- its model is to `` always have investment available , '' says Bailey . ( Gambitious has also explored the complicated equity crowdfunding space . )
The lead investor in each project will negotiate the terms of the investment -- which will then be passed on to the investors who sign up on Fig and follow suit . Minimum investments will be high -- in the thousands of dollars -- particularly in the initial projects , but Bailey foresees a future where fans set up trusts to invest in games collectively .
Notably , they say , developers will retain creative control and IP rights to their projects under the terms of Fig 's investment scheme . It 's also well worth noting that investments are made in specific titles , not in the studios themselves .
Investors will be paid proceeds of their investments in these games perpetuity . But because Fig will have a stake in seeing these games perform well both directly and indirectly -- keeping investors who use its platform happy -- it will work with the developers on promotional activities for the games once they 're released .
`` I 've probably talked to the top 10 creators involved with crowdfunding and all of them were interested in this approach , '' they say .
For its part , Fig takes 5 percent off the top of the reward crowdfunding and 5 percent , in perpetuity , of investment proceeds . Add in payment processing , and the company takes 7.2 percent of proceeds ; Kickstarter takes more up-front , but of course does not offer equity crowdfunding as part of its campaigns .
The question of whether or not it 'll work , however , remains . Fortunately , we 'll have the first part of our answer to that question in a mere month , when Outer Wilds ' campaign ends . The idea of shining a light on deserving projects resonates in a world too crowded with campaigns gasping for attention ; the time , too , has come for investors to be able to directly and simply back games .
Britain is lobbying the United Nations to start using the term ‘ pregnant people ' on the grounds that confining the description to women excludes transgender people .
The proposal would change a UN human rights treaty to include protections for transgender pregnancies – where babies are born to transgender men who retained a functioning womb and ovaries .
There are only two known UK cases of transgender pregnancy .
The statement comes in Britain 's official submission on proposed amendments to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , to which the UK has been a signatory since 1976 .
Britain is lobbying the United Nations to start using the term ‘ pregnant people ' on the grounds that confining the description to women excludes transgender people
The treaty says a ‘ pregnant woman ' must be protected , including not being subject to the death penalty .
But in the Foreign Office submission , Britain says the term ‘ pregnant woman ' may ‘ exclude transgender people who have given birth ' . The suggested alternative is ‘ pregnant people ' .
Feminists responded angrily to the Government proposal , which they said was the latest example of ‘ making women unmentionable ' in the name of transgender equality .
Sarah Ditum , a prominent feminist writer , told The Sunday Times : ‘ This is n't inclusion . This is making women unmentionable .
‘ Having a female body and knowing what that means for reproduction does n't make you “ exclusionary ” .
‘ Forcing us to decorously scrub out any reference to our sex on pain of being called bigots is an insult . '
But a Foreign Office spokesperson said : ‘ The UK does not object to the use of the term “ pregnant woman ” . We strongly support the right to life of pregnant women , and we have requested that the [ UN ] Human Rights Committee does not exclude pregnant transgender people from that right to life . ' The UN covenant is part of the International Bill of Human Rights .
It is revised every so often , with the latest UK submission part of the process .
The proposal comes after it emerged the Office for National Statistics is considering making declaring your sex voluntary in the 2021 census , ‘ for the benefit of intersex and non-binary people ' . Anyone filling out the form would not be obliged to answer ‘ male ' or ‘ female ' – and could simply leave it blank .
Critics warned the proposed move could harm women as officials might be denied a clear picture of how they are faring around the country .
A Foreign Office spokesperson said : ‘ The UK does not object to the use of the term “ pregnant woman ” '
It also emerged earlier this month that the NHS is planning for family doctors to quiz patients on their sexuality .
The questions , meant to ensure those of minority sexual orientation are treated fairly under recent equalities legislation , were welcomed by gay rights campaigners .
But critics branded the questions , which will come in from 2019 , as a waste of doctors ' valuable time and ‘ very intrusive ' . Further concerns were raised that the sensitive information could be leaked by hackers .
Under the ‘ sex quiz ' plan , patients over 16 will be asked whether they are : 1 ) heterosexual or straight ; 2 ) gay or lesbian ; 3 ) bisexual or 4 ) ‘ other sexual orientation not listed ' . Acceptable answers to ‘ not listed ' include ‘ asexual ' – not interested in sex – or ‘ queer ' .
Further categories include ‘ U ' – for someone who is not sure . People who refuse to answer will be classed as ‘ Z ' . A final category – is for people with disabilities who are unable to answer the question .
NHS England said patients would not be forced to answer , and NHS trusts could opt out the system .
On Wednesday , May 20 , Omaha Police Detective Kerrie Orozco was shot and killed in the line of duty .
Marcus Wheeler , a man described by police as a felon and a known gang member was also shot and killed .
The situation unraveled in a matter of minutes , and it was all captured on 9-1-1 audio . Mean Streets Omaha , a group that tweets news details , caught the chilling moments after the initial 9-1-1 call came in .
Minutes after 1 p.m. the first call came out . It described a shooting situation near 30th and Martin Avenue . An officer said that the police department 's units may have been involved in a `` shots fired '' call .
Shortly after the first call someone shouted , `` Shots fired ! Shots Fired ! ''
Silence overtook the airwaves for nearly a minute before loud tones came out , then a simple message : `` Help an officer , 30th and Martin Avenue . Help an officer 30th and Martin Avenue . Help an officer 30th and Martin Avenue . Officer down . ''
The mood was clearly changing . An officer began shouting , `` We do not have eyes on the suspect ! '' Then someone began yelling that a squad ( medics ) were needed immediately .
Detective Orozco and Marcus Wheeler were transported to CHI Creighton Hospital . Both would die as a result of their injuries .
They 're missing the point again on just going for the kids ... on the surface it makes a great idea ... but kids that like that crap need to be old enough , be able to plan and possibly drive a road trip just to attend a single race .
Dam near each time I go to a race it 's a three hour drive one way , that 's a whole day I literally devote to seeing a race . What 17 or 19 year old is going to be so moved by the chain smokers music at a race for 2 minutes , they 'll decide to plan out a whole weekend for A dam race ... target the adults and maybe we 'll take the kids to see if they like it .
NASCAR is not baseball where you drive to cheer your local ball team ... the sponsors seem so out of touch with the actual fan who consistently tried or still tries to attend races ... go to a race and open your eyes ! ! ! Send one of your interns to the race and talk to people there . It might be a rough mullet the person is wearing but find out what convinced them to buy the dam ticket and what would make them do it again !
Get in touch with your fans before you keep making stupid decisions like making start times at races 315 and then I get home close to 11pm at night instead of maybe 830 or 9 several years ago ... get in touch , because you 're clearly not .... NASCAR and monster .
Private message me if you need help
Click to expand ...
SourceForge , a renowned software directory and source code repository system , along with Slashdot , a tech news aggregation system are being put up for sale by their parent company DHI Group , Inc. , as Ars Technica reports .
In a lengthy press release that details their 2015 second quarter results , the DHI Group announced it `` plans to sell the Slashdot and SourceForge businesses ( together referred to as `` Slashdot Media '' ) and has engaged KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. to act as exclusive financial advisor to the Company [ DHI Group ] in connection with such a transaction . ''
Both sites were acquired in 2012 from Geeknet for $ 20 million / €18.1 million , alongside Freecode , formerly known as Freshmeat , which eventually was shut down .
According to DHI , the sites were meant `` to provide the Dice business with broader reach into Slashdot 's user community base and to extend the Dice business outside North America by engaging with SourceForge 's significant international technology user community . ''
Plans did not go as smooth as the DHI Group hoped to , and there are a series of events that lead to this outcome .
Slashdot lost ground to newer tech news aggregation services
While Geeknet was well embedded in the open source world and had the pulse of the community , creating , running , and offering a series of beloved services ( at that point in time ) , the same can not be said for DHI , a classic NASDAQ traded company , which made its claim to fame via the Dice.com website , a job portal for techies .
Soon after DHI bought the three sites , `` someone '' had the bright idea of giving Slashdot a `` redesign . '' As current Hacker News users can tell you , most geeks and nerds like their interfaces clean and minimal , and Slashdot , being the Hacker News of its days , founded back in 1997 , had a similar userbase , which heavily and relentlessly criticized the new UI until DHI was forced to go back to the original green-white style we 're all familiar with .
Unfortunately , the damage was already done , and as time went by , traffic dwindled , the userbase and the general open source community labeled Slashdot as a `` boardroom-run '' site , and moved on to other services like Hacker News , Reddit or Techmeme .
The site 's infamous `` Slashdot effect '' was replaced by the Hacker News or Reddit 's `` hug of death , '' and very few people these days know what `` slashdotting '' is without consulting Wikipedia first .
The SourceForge adware-injecting debacle was the straw that broke the camel 's back
On the other side , SourceForge hanged on pretty good for a couple of years , but with GitHub 's rise in the open source community , traffic plummeted , developers stopped coming to the site , and DHI made the humongous strategic error of injecting adware into some popular open source projects like GIMP , and PyDAW .
Soon after other projects started leaving the site , moving their code to GitHub or other similar source code hosting systems , projects like phpMyAdmin , Wine , and elementary OS .
As InfoWorld put it , SourceForge practically committed `` reputational suicide , '' and today 's press release from DHI can serve as the site 's official obituary because we find it hard to believe someone can ever raise SourceForge from the grave DHI laid it in .
There is no word if the two services are to be sold separately , or if they will be bundled together , but wording in the official press release makes it seem like the two will be sold as one entity : `` Slashdot and SourceForge businesses ( together referred to as `` Slashdot Media '' ) . ''
SMYRNA , De . ( CBS ) — A hostage situation that unfolded Wednesday at the James T. Vaughn Correction Center in Smyrna , Delaware , resulting in the death of a prison worker , is being blamed on fear of President Donald Trump , an inmate claims in a phone call released to Eyewitness News .
According to officials , four correctional employees were taken hostage and two were eventually released . After 20 hours , a third employee was safely rescued , but a fourth was found unconscious and declared dead .
MORE : Prison Worker Found Dead After Nearly 20-Hour Standoff In Del .
The inmates made contact with the outside world and they were patched through to the News Journal . An excerpt of one of the calls was provided to Eyewitness News .
In the audio , a man is heard citing Trump while explaining the reasoning for the situation . “ Donald Trump , everything that they did , all the things that he 's doing now…We know that the institution 's gon na change for the worse . ”
The calls also mentioned the need for education and rehabilitation . That call and others were turned over to police .
The situation unfolded around 10:30 a.m. Wednesday when a correctional officer made a radio call from within C Building at the James T. Vaughn Correction Center requesting immediate assistance .
The C building , which houses over 100 inmates , has since been secured .
The nuclear world is bifurcating . Along one fork sit those favouring the nuclear ban treaty—affronted by the ongoing role that nuclear deterrence plays in key global and regional security arrangements , appalled by the prospective humanitarian consequences of any direct use of nuclear weapons , and determined to beat swords into ploughshares at the earliest opportunity . Along the other sit those committed to nuclear deterrence—firmly attached to the idea that nuclear weapons make a positive contribution to international security , worried by the prospective return of great-power conventional war , and dedicated to modernising strategic nuclear-weapon systems for future decades .
We get a nice snapshot of that second fork by looking at the current modernisation plans for the US Trident D5 submarine-launched ballistic missile . Since submarine-based nuclear weapons tend to be the least vulnerable , and therefore the best suited to secure second-strike missions , they 're unlikely to be beaten into ploughshares anytime soon . And by ‘ anytime soon ' , I mean anytime before 2060 or 2070 , which is about as far ahead as current modernisation planning sees .
In Western arsenals , submarines carry a disproportionate share of the load of strategic nuclear deterrence . When the New START Treaty deadlines come into force on 5 February next year , about 70 % of deployed US strategic nuclear warheads will be based on the Trident D5s ( 1,090 out of the allowable 1,550 warheads ) . And the missile already supports 100 % of the UK 's nuclear deterrent—as it has done since 1998 . ( In Britain 's case , the American-manufactured missiles are mated with nuclear warheads of British design and manufacture . ) So the importance of the Trident life-extension program should come as no surprise .
Life-extended Trident D5 missiles were introduced to the US Navy earlier this year . They 'll be the weapon system that links the current Ohio-class submarines to the future Columbia-class ones . The Ohios are forecast to move out of service between 2027 and 2040 . But the incoming Columbias—the first is scheduled to enter service in 2031—will continue to deploy the Trident . And a common missile compartment , designed to house the missiles , will be a feature of both the Columbia design and the incoming British Dreadnought-class submarines , which will begin to replace the current Vanguard class from 2028 .
Just how long can the Tridents last ? Well , that 's a moot point . The life-extension program is a major undertaking . Some years back , the director of the US Navy 's strategic systems programs suggested that the two main challenges involved ‘ determining the service life of the three-stage boost motors that comprise the missile propulsion system and modernizing the extremely complex D5 guidance system and missile electronics ' . US sources suggest the missile is meant to remain in service until 2042 . But that date 's probably a conservative estimate . Both Washington and London anticipate relying on sea-based nuclear deterrents into the 2060s and 2070s , and probably beyond .
Retrofitting a new missile into the common missile compartment at some point is surely possible . ( After all , back in the late 1960s the Poseidon C3 was designed to use the same launch tubes as the smaller Polaris A3 . ) Still , much will depend on future assessments of the D5 's ongoing reliability . The Americans like to get value out of their strategic weapon systems . It 's not out of the question that a weapon system first deployed aboard the USS Tennessee in 1990 could celebrate its 60th birthday still at sea .
US Navy documents note that ‘ life extension efforts will push the Trident D5 missile 's service life beyond that of all five previous systems combined ' . ( Those include the Polaris A1 , A2 and A3 , the Poseidon C3 , and the Trident C4 . ) That 's impressive . Still , long-lived strategic weapon systems can also be found in the other two legs of the US nuclear triad . The US ICBM , the Minuteman III , first entered service in 1970—and current plans suggest it wo n't retire until 2030 . Meanwhile , the B-52 strategic bomber first saw service in the 1950s , and some tens of the H variant ( the last of which rolled off the production line in October 1962 ) will still be part of the US strategic arsenal formally limited under New START .
What does all that tell us ? Well , nuclear modernisation efforts are n't undertaken lightly—necessity is typically the driver . The Americans and the British have embarked on a modernisation program for the sea-based leg of their nuclear triad which is intended to ensure a safe , secure , effective arsenal for the next 50 years . Lest readers imagine that Washington and London are forcing the pace in nuclear modernisation , let me assure you that they are n't . Russia 's already well down this path . China 's making serious efforts to nurture its own sea-based nuclear capabilities . And France is currently retrofitting its new M51 missile to its Triomphant-class ballistic-missile submarines . Conclusion ? Nuclear weapons are n't about to disappear from the world .
In an effort to strengthen Siri 's natural language conversation abilities , Apple has acquired a UK-based firm called VocalIQ . Business Weekly was first to report the acquisition today and Apple confirmed the purchase to The Financial Times with the usual boilerplate statement : “ Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time , and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans . ”
Apple 's purchase of VocalIQ is especially interesting for a couple reasons as noted by the report . First , the team behind VocalIQ believes their voice assistant is superior to Apple 's , writing in a blog post that Siri launched to much hype then settled into being used only as a toy .
VocalIQ also has experience in using machine learning to create conversational virtual assistants … for use in cars . Apple of course has its own iPhone-connected CarPlay feature , which makes using iPhone-based services like Messages and Maps safer using voice and on-screen controls , and CarPlay could greatly improve with some newly learned skills for Siri .
But the worst kept secret out of Cupertino this year is Apple 's ambitions to ship an electric car as soon as four years from now . 9to5Mac has reported on a number of the hires Apple has working on the team . Dubbed Project Titan , Apple 's car plans could greatly benefit from a souped up , more conversational Siri that makes CarPlay look like a trial run .
FT notes that VocalIQ has previous experience with in-car applications of its virtual assistant , even partnering with General Motors in the past . Now Apple can integrate that team into Siri and any future endeavors . Note , too , that Siri itself was an acquisition before launching with the iPhone 4s in 2011 .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Beautiful and intelligent , and balancing a modern outlook with a deep concern for their people , Jordan 's Queen Rania seems in many ways to represent the optimistic face of the Middle East 's future .
Not just a pretty face : Queen Rania has used their position to fight for better education for Jordanian youth .
Since they entered the spotlight after they married then Prince Abdullah in 1993 , they have become known for their philanthropic work , pushing for better educational facilities for Jordan 's school children and supporting efforts to empower women .
Feted by the West ( she has been interviewed countless times , including a half-hour appearance on Oprah ) , they were named the third most beautiful woman in the world by Harpers and Queen magazine in 2005 .
They have used their considerable status -- Forbes magazine ranks them 81 in the world 's 100 most powerful women -- to correct what they see as misconceptions in the West about the Arab world .
A beacon of hope then in a troubled region ? Not exactly . The reality behind the picture perfect image is more complex .
To a large extent Queen Rania remains a paradox -- a symbol of the contradictions that still blight the region as it tries to come to terms with modernity .
They are the business graduate who left their job at a multinational to marry into a monarchy that has ruled Jordan for the last 60 years , at times with an iron rod .
They may talk passionately about freedom of speech and equal rights . Yet Jordan 's own human rights record under the flight attendantship of their husband King Abdullah II has hardly been exemplary , and has included accusations of terrorist suspects being tortured , harsh laws to clamp down on public dissent and the arrest without trial of critics of the government .
Jordan also has one of the highest incidences in the Middle East of honor killings -- the practice of women being killed by male family members if they engage in pre-martial sex . To their credit , Rania is not burying their head in the sand over the problems of Jordan .
They acknowledge , for example , that unemployment rates among young people stand at 25 percent , double the global average , and that `` creating jobs is one of the most important priorities for us . ''
The daughter of Palestinian parents , they are also acutely aware of the severe social problems that conflict has created in the wider region .
They talk about a `` hope-gap '' in trouble spots such as Iraq and Palestinian areas , where young people can be sucked into a vortex of violence and where there are few , if any opportunities to rescue them .
`` It 's all about providing that opportunity , a sense of hope for the future generation because I believe that if that future generation is growing without that sense of hope , then we are looking at a very dangerous situation . ''
Faced with so many complexities in the current political and social climate in the Middle East , it 's perhaps not that surprising that Rania is focusing so much of their energy on young people . As well as efforts to improve education , they have initiated an online debate on the video sharing site YouTube .
The queen is asking viewers to send in comments about their ideas of Islam and the Arab world . They then appears and discusses their reaction to the comments . The conversation is due to run until International Youth Day on August 12 .
`` When I 'm in the West I 'm asked why do the Arabs hate us ? When I 'm in the Arab world I hear very negative comments about the West , '' they told CNN . `` The rising tensions between both sides is a fact of life , I do n't think that anyone can deny it . ''
They wanted to take the debate online and ask young people to participate in order to `` bring them into the conversation because they are the ones that can change the discourse . ''
They said the Internet is a force for free speech , and that greater communications are making it harder for authoritarian regimes to stifle dialogue .
`` If you do n't like the comments that are out there the best way to tackle it is to respond to them and to put your side of the story . ''
A mother-of-four , they believe that young people should be allowed to be involved in the political process , not only because they are concerned they 're being denied a voice but also because they say they think they have a huge amount to offer .
They said young people need to be seen as `` active agents as opposed to just persons in the making and to do that we really need to educate them , engage them and empower them in the decision-making process . ''
That their idealistic pronouncements can seem at odds with the reality on the ground is not surprising , given just how difficult that reality is . That they care enough to try and make difference is only to them credit .
Updated May 22 KST :
Baek A Yeon has shared a pretty teaser image for their upcoming new song , and revealed that their new track will be titled “ Bittersweet ” and feature the retro-inspired barbershop trio The Barberettes . We can look forward to its release on May 29 at 6 p.m. KST !
Original :
Baek A Yeon will be making a comeback in May .
Reports came out on May 17 from multiple sources in the industry that the singer is gearing up to release a new song . JYP Entertainment confirmed the news and said , “ Baek A Yeon will be releasing a new song on May 29 . We will be releasing more details in the near future . ”
This will be their first solo song since “ So So ” one year ago , and approximately half a year since their duet with GOT7 's JB , a special seasonal song called “ Just Once . ”
Baek A Yeon will be going head-to-head with idol groups like Highlight , ASTRO , and APRIL , who are all releasing new songs on the same day . They are set to join a May roster that features other heavyweights like PSY , TWICE , iKON , SEVENTEEN , and SISTAR .
Are you excited for Baek A Yeon 's return ?
Source ( 1 ) ( 2 )
LEE COUNTY , Fla. -- A Fort Myers family said their Christmas cruise took a horrifying turn , showing Four in Your Corner the video and photos of a bloody mystery .
The family boarded the Carnival Ecstasy on Christmas Day for a spur of the moment trip , and said the first two nights of their cruise were everything they thought it would be .
But they describe the last night as a scene out of a horror movie .
Matt Davis and their wife Susan showed Fox 4 pictures and video of what looked to be blood pouring out of the top of the elevator as the doors were struggling to open and close . `` To look and see the elevator with just blood coming down like a sheet , and not stopping ... it was a real life scene of The Shining , '' Matt Davis said .
The couple said time stood still , it sounded like a rainstorm , and they could smell the blood .
They said they were heading to dinner on the 10th floor of the ship Sunday night when they saw the horrifying scene . `` One of the crew people from Carnival was trying to get people to go back to the restaurant , '' Matt Davis said .
You can hear a woman shouting `` Come inside please ! '' in the video the couple gave Fox 4 .
The couple said a man was inside the elevator , and had to run through the blood that was coming down to get out .
Forty five minutes later , Matt said the scene was sectioned off with a sign by the elevator reading `` Sorry , but I 'm not working at the moment . ''
They said a waiter told them an electrician got hurt , and later a Carnival supervisor said they passed away . In the video , you can hear a woman saying `` the man was working on the elevator up there . ''
`` A crew member or somebody was inside or behind that wall when the elevator came down , and I do n't know what happened , but something terrifying happened , '' Matt Davis said .
Fox 4 reached out to Miami-Dade Police , which is investigating the death . A spokesperson said in an email the victim is 66-year-old Jose Sandoval Opazo , an electrician aboard the ship .
They also said they died Sunday night , and the cause is still under investigation .
`` I could n't wait to get off the ship . I just wanted to get off , '' Matt Davis told Four in Your Corner 's Lisa Greenberg .
Fox 4 reached out to Carnival Headquarters to learn more about the cleaning process and if the ship is still being used , but have yet to hear back .
The family said Carnival offered to pay for the family to go to three counseling sessions .
Speaking in Ohio , the Democratic presidential nominee says Trump was ‘ taking from America with both hands and leaving the rest of us with the bill '
Hillary Clinton skewered opponent Donald Trump on Monday as a phony prophet of the working class amid revelations that the real estate mogul may have avoided paying federal income taxes for nearly two decades .
“ Trump represents the same rigged system that they claim he 's going to change , ” the Democratic presidential nominee told voters in Toledo , during the first of two scheduled campaigns stops in the battleground state of Ohio .
New York attorney general orders Trump Foundation to stop fundraising Read more
Clinton cited a report in the New York Times published on Saturday , in which leaked documents showed Trump as claiming a loss of $ 916m in their 1995 personal tax filing . The deduction , stemming from financial mismanagement at three of their Atlantic City casinos , was substantial enough to pave the way so that Trump could have eliminated what they owed in federal income taxes for a period of up to 18 years .
“ How anyone can lose a dollar , let alone a billion dollars , in the casino industry is beyond me , ” Clinton said . “ The whole story tells us everything we need to know about how Trump does business . ”
“ After they made all those bad bets and lost all that money , they did n't lift a finger to help and protect their employees , or the small businesses and contractors he 'd hired , or the people of Atlantic City , ” they added .
“ Trump was taking from America with both hands and leaving the rest of us with the bill … When it comes to bullying small businesses , Donald Trump is the poster boy . ”
Clinton and their allies have , for months , hammered Trump over their refusal to release their tax returns , breaking from a nearly 40-year tradition among major-party nominees . In their remarks , Clinton called for a law requiring presidential nominees of major parties to be forced to disclose their tax returns – mirroring a push by Senate Democrats for legislation to do precisely that .
Trump has repeatedly stood by their decision not to make their returns public , stating they were unable to do so because they are under audit . But their son Donald Trump Jr recently offered a separate excuse , saying the financial disclosures would be a distraction for their father 's campaign . In last week 's presidential debate , Trump sought to deflect the issue by pivoting to Clinton 's use of a private email server as secretary of state .
Trump 's surrogates , such as the New Jersey governor , Chris Christie , and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani , spun their apparent skirting of income taxes as evidence of their shrewdness .
But Clinton mocked such notions in Ohio , asking the crowd wryly : “ Here 's my question : what kind of genius loses a billion dollars in a single year ? ”
Polling has shown a tight race in Ohio , with Trump holding a slim advantage in a state hard hit by the decline in manufacturing jobs . The former reality TV star has focused on Clinton 's record on trade , bashing their husband 's passage of Nafta in the 1990s and their previous support for the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership .
While taking the podium in Toledo , however , Clinton made clear they no longer favored the TPP – a trade pact negotiated by Barack Obama that has been maligned by workers as offshoring American jobs .
“ I oppose TPP now , I 'll oppose it after the election , and I 'll oppose it as president , ” they said .
Throughout their appearance , Clinton struck a more populist tone – vowing to hold accountable institutions such as Wells Fargo on the heels of a scandal in which the bank opened as many as 2m accounts without authorization from customers .
Has 2016 turned into most trivial US election ever ? | Richard Wolffe Read more
“ Really shocking , is n't it ? One of the nation 's biggest banks bullying thousands of employees into committing fraud against unsuspecting customers , ” Clinton said , dubbing the Wells Fargo case as “ egregious corporate behavior ” .
In response , Clinton unveiled a new proposal that would seek to curb the use of fine-print “ forced arbitration ” clauses in contracts which prohibit workers and consumers from filing legal action against companies who have harmed them . They also called for strengthening antitrust laws and enforcement .
“ We are not going to let companies like Wells Fargo use these fine-print gotchas to escape accountability , ” Clinton said .
At a rally in Akron later on Monday , Clinton urged supporters to “ stage an intervention ” with their friends and family planning to vote for Trump in November .
“ Remember , ” Clinton said with a wide grin . “ Friends do n't let friends to vote for Donald Trump . ”
Clinton continued to hit Trump for reportedly not paying federal taxes for 18 years . They scoffed at Trump 's supporters who have sought to cast them as a “ genius ” for taking advantage of the tax law and wondered what Trump might suggest next .
“ What else do they want us to do – pay them to lose money ? ” they said , drawing laughs from the crowd .
Before Clinton lit into Trump , they took time to thank their latest high-profile supporter , basketball superstar LeBron James . In an op-ed published on Business Insider on Sunday , the Ohio native called Clinton a “ champion for children and their futures ” and said they have built “ on the legacy of my good friend , President Barack Obama ” .
“ I was especially honored to receive the endorsement of LeBron James , ” Clinton said , adding : “ I may become president but they will be King of Ohio . ”
( Image : DEIS for I-80N – a.k.a . Mt Hood Freeway – via City of Portland )
When you step back far enough , the history of transportation starts to look less like a river — constant progress toward a final , permanent destination — and more like waves crashing against a beach .
That 's the point of this chart . It pops up in the world of Portland planning from time to time , most recently in a slideshow by city planner Mauricio Leclerc about the history of parking in Portland . If you 've never seen it before , it can be a mind-bender .
“ It was n't until , I believe , the 1930s that the Boy Scouts did the first traffic counts across Portland 's bridges . Then things got pretty weird . People lost sight of why they were building cities . ”
— former Portland Chief Transportation Planner Ernie Munch
There 's the age of walking , stretching into the past like the Mesozoic . There are the rise and fall of horses , made obsolete by trains and cars , and of streetcars , whose dominance peaked in the 1910s but was briefly threatened at that time by a wave of private jitney buses similar to today 's Uber and Lyft services .
Finally , there 's the all-eating automobile — and the implication , coded into that blank space between 1975 and 1990 , that cars might soon recede just as every other mode eventually had .
That 's no coincidence . This chart comes from the 1973 draft environmental impact statement for the then-proposed Interstate 80N , popularly known as the Mount Hood Freeway . Over the next several years that impact statement , prepared by planners and engineers at the big engineering firm Skidmore Owings and Merrill , became a key weapon in killing Portland 's most infamous freeway plan and replacing it , eventually , with the city 's first MAX line .
Thanks for reading BikePortland . Please consider a $ 10/month subscription or a one-time payment
to help maintain and expand this vital community resource .
It 's no longer widely known that this chart comes from that historic document . But on a tip from Leclerc , I Googled and emailed former Portland Chief Transportation Planner Ernie Munch . Munch , who had worked for Skidmore Owings and Merrill and still works in Portland as an architect , wrote back two hours later with the story behind the chart :
( Photo : Ernie Munch in the 1970s . ( Photo : PDXplan.org
I originally made the chart for the Mt . Hood Freeway EIS back in maybe 1972 . The basis was my survey of historical literature and photos of Portland . … Afterward , while at the City of Portland , I prepared a slide show which tried to illustrate the interaction of the landscape , transportation , legal systems , human values , economics , etc . in the forming of what are now , Portland 's inner-city neighborhoods . The historical study was the basis of the Arterial Streets Policy , which became the transportation element of the comp plan—the basis was not an analysis of census tracts and traffic demand as was the earlier PVMATS , 1990 plan . Steve Dotterrer , a friend and classmate at the U of O , took my place at the planning bureau and carried on with the show after I left the city in 1979 . So , back to the graph… it is fairly unscientific by today 's standards… . even by 1972 standards . I was n't too bothered by that at the time or now in fact . Most of Portland 's land use decisions followed transportation improvements . The early transportation planning work was all value based , Olmstead wanting to give people a feel of the landscape , Bennett wanting to make Portland beautiful , WS Ladd putting their Victorian values into a SE subdivision , ( despite their engineer 's objections ) , etc . It was n't until , I believe , the 1930s that the Boy Scouts did the first traffic counts across Portland 's bridges . Then things got pretty weird . People lost sight of why they were building cities and fled to greener suburban pastures . As shown by the PVMTS plan in your attached slide show , in the 1970s , Portland could have gone either way . So without anyone counting pedestrians and horses and boat traffic , it is not a scientific chart . You could liken it to an art work which illustrates a truth in abstract terms . Relative is the operative word . Relatively high , relatively low . It is relatively accurate .
( Links added . )
Munch noted in their email that the bike boom of the 1890s , lightly visible in this chart , made the auto boom possible because its advocates convinced the city and state to begin paving roads . Near the very end of the chart , it 's also possible to see the slight upward bend of the “ streetcar and bus ” and “ bicycle ” lines as Portlanders start responding to the oil crisis of 1973 .
“ It would be interesting to update the chart , ” Munch added .
Front Page , Portland Transportation History
history , mount hood freeway , planning
A 63-year-old woman is in custody after they hit a car , a woman on a scooter and a cyclist Sunday in north suburban Evanston .
A mangled bike sits on a curb in the 700 block of Main Street in Evanston and just a few blocks away sit a damaged scooter .
Police say the woman is responsible for hitting the cyclist , the driver of the scooter and two other cars as they drove out of control through Evanston Sunday morning .
It all started at about 10 a.m. , when the woman was involved in a crash at Ridge and Davis . The woman then took off and hit a woman on scooter on Chicago Avenue and then on Main Street , they hit a cyclist .
The female on the scooter suffered minor injuries and took themselves to a hospital . The cyclist was taken to Presence Saint Francis Hospital with minor injuries .
Several bystanders saw the aftermath including shop manager Cheryl Nester Detweiler , who had just arrived at work .
'' I figured it had to be more serious as time went on , police blocked a bigger area , and crime investigation people came out , '' said Nester-Detweiler .
Cleveland Burkitt 's car was clipped as they were forced off the road by the woman 's blue Toyota .
'' We could see them forcing other cars off the road , the pedestrians were running from , they were swerving in and out of traffic to avoid anyone coming their way , '' Burkitt said .
Burkitt says the woman blew through stops signs and red lights as several police cars caught up with them The chase came to an end in Skokie in front of a school . The woman yelled , refusing to leave their car when officers pulled them out .
The suspect was handcuffed and taken to the hospital . Given how many blocks they drove erratically , Cleveland Burkitt says they are lucky .
'' It was amazing more people did n't get hurt , the way they were driving and forcing people off the road , '' Burkitt said .
The commercial block was shut down for hours and later reopened . Charges had not been filed as of Sunday night . Police do not believe the woman was intoxicated .
Since then , he 's gone on tour with Doomtree , their main rap collaboration , and released an album with that crew , All Hands . Now , in their second year with a new kidney , Alexander 's prepping a solo album as P.O.S , and on Monday they released their massive new single , “ sleepdrone/superposition . ”
Featuring Allan Kingdom , Astronautalis , Eric Mayson , Kathleen Hanna , Hard_R , Lydia Liza , Lizzo , and Nicholas L. Perez , “ sleepdrone/superposition ” is a nine-minute-long journey into Alexander 's biting psyche . To get a better grasp on how they created the epic and emotional track , we talked with Alexander , asking them to deconstruct the different parts that make the song .
On what inspired the track
When Alexander first told people close to them that they needed a new kidney , the reactions from their loved ones were varied .
“ All of them were supportive , [ but ] a lot of them do n't know what to do when their friends are sick , so they end up just staying back a little bit , ” they report .
This discomfort shows . After opening with jarring synth chords , Alexander 's voice cuts through the harsher frequencies with an aggressive edge . When they were producing the track , they say , they wanted to highlight the multitude of emotions they experienced post-surgery .
“ I was covering everything from feeling ready to come back out and take over the world to just reflecting on how shitty it is when you feel super by yourself and sick , ” they say .
On the abundance of collaborators
Though big names like Lizzo , Allan Kingdom , and punk-rock god Kathleen Hanna ( yes , Bikini Kill and Julie Ruin 's Kathleen Hanna ) are grabbing headlines , Alexander said the goal was to keep everyone 's role in the song smaller than usual .
“ Half of the people that are featured on the song are just singing the chorus , ” they say . “ I wanted to give everybody their credit , but also figure out the best way to texture this song to make it so long but not have it get boring . ”
On collaborating with their son , Hard_R
Among that list of collaborators is a name you might not recognize : HardR , who is Alexander 's 16-year-old son , Jake . The father says he 's been watching their son create music as HardR for a few years , and decided to feature them based on their talent , rather than nepotism .
“ If they are n't good , they would n't have been on it , ” Alexander says . “ He ended up on the song because their part fit , subject matter-wise , with what was going on . ”
On collaborating with Kathleen Hanna and Allan Kingdom
The most surprising name on the list of “ sleepdrone ” collaborators is likely Hanna . The Bikini Kill and Julie Ruin leader 's presence is n't obvious on the track , but their speaking part during Alexander 's third verse and their background singing after the song 's bridge add elements to “ sleepdrone ” that help make the song not “ boring , ” as Alexander puts it . Their connection to Hanna happened on a whim .
“ I grew up listening to Bikini Kill and I was always super inspired by her , ” Alexander says . “ As a goof , I emailed my manager , like , ‘ Let 's find Kathleen Hanna for this song . ' And right away , Kathleen Hanna hit us back and was like , ‘ Let 's see the lyrics . ' So we sent over the lyrics — after inspection , they were into it . [ She ] recorded a ton of stuff for it , like way more than we could actually fit in the song . But the fact that they were interested at all blew my mind . ”
`` I am so thrilled to be featured on this track , '' the riot grrrl legend wrote yesterday about the collab in a blog post titled `` Okay So I Cried . '' `` Not only does it slam racism up against the wall , but the lyrics about living through illness had me on the floor . ''
Hanna 's subtlety on the track matches Kingdom 's , whose appearance is augmented by their backing vocals . In addition to their short verse , Kingdom raps along with Alexander throughout the song , double-tracking all of Alexander 's verses .
“ That was the point : not to have everybody up in everybody 's face , ” Alexander says . “ Like Allan Kingdom 's part : They have a pretty short verse , but they do all my background vocals for the entire song . I do n't double any of my tracks , all of my doubles are done by him . ”
On the track 's name
`` When you 're making an epic tune , it just feels right to give it an unexpected name , '' Alexander says . They used a synthesizer called Sleepdrone while they were producing the track , and decided to incorporate the synth 's odd name as a curveball into the song title .
“ Superposition was the tentative name of the song , and I figured , ‘ You know what ? It 's really long , '' they say . `` It can have a nice , long name , too . ''
Alexander hopes a new P.O.S album will follow the single sometime this year .
JWLS and Van Toth are two names that every festival-goer , DJ , blogger , raver , label executive , and European Rihanna concert-attending fan will be familiar with by now . Together , the two Miami-reppin ' producer/DJs make up one of the most explosive and positively versatile acts , GTA . With numerous massive bangers ( pardon my clichés , but that 's just the best way of describing it ! ) like `` Hit It ! , '' `` Turn It Up ! , '' and `` Booty Bounce , '' GTA has already amassed a startling collection of labels in their camp including Tïesto 's Musical Freedom , Chris Lake 's Rising Music , Diplo 's Mad Decent , A-Trak 's Fool 's Gold , Laidback Luke 's Mixmash , T & A Records , Steve Angello 's Size Records , Sony Music-owned juggernaut Ultra Records and now Skrillex 's OWSLA . The duo recently upped the ante again taking on a supporting role as they toured Europe with pop star Rihanna . The duo did n't have much time going between venues , but we did catch them for a quick phone call .
So you guys are currently in Europe , what 's been your favorite show so far ?
Well , Lisbon was pretty awesome , the crowd was really interactive . It was a great show all around , everyone was jumping around , getting crazy . Definitely Lisbon .
And you guys are doing this as support with Rihanna , how did that come about ?
It was really through our management . They work in the same offices as Jay-Z 's Roc Nation and through that , they put our name in for support , recommending us to do it and it 's been obviously a great opportunity . When we heard about it we were actually in Europe already for the first time , so we got the news about a week before we came home . It was very like `` oh by the way , you guys are going on this Rihanna tour for two months and ten days , '' so it was pretty crazy when we heard that . We obviously could n't pass it up either way , it 's been an amazing opportunity , and we 're really grateful for it . It 's crazy because it 's far from where we were not so long ago , y'know ?
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Definitely , and deservedly so . So I have to ask you now , what 's Rihanna like ?
Well , we met them in the nightclub for the first time , actually , and they were pretty nice . They told us they liked our stuff and that they wanted to hang out more . So then we 're at the club and they asked us to get on and spin for half an hour so they saw us spin and they liked it more ; it was awesome .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
I can imagine that would be . Just one more thing on Rihanna before we move on . Rihanna has been very open about their pot use , so have you ever smoked with Rihanna ?
No ! [ laughing ] Not yet , we have n't . I do n't know , maybe one day !
So now that you 're performing all over Europe and the U.S. , if you could choose any place in the world to have a show , where would it be ?
Hmm , we do n't know but we 've always wanted to go to Tokyo . Tokyo , definitely . We have n't been to Asia yet at all .
Who would you bring to support you guys ?
I do n't know…ohh probably our man Diplo or Major Lazer .
Funny you should mention Diplo , because that 's related to my next question . You guys have blown up pretty quickly starting with your first release last year via Diplo 's Mad Decent sub label Jeffree 's and now you 're touring around the world with Europe . So firstly , congratulations on that . Secondly , besides yourselves of course , is there any one person you can attribute your success to ?
Well it 's really just anyone that has supported us . Whether it 's DJs playing our stuff out or the new fans we 've gained from just traveling . We were just fortunate enough to meet the right people at the right time . We were in the right place at the right time , at least that 's how we always explain it really because you know without the support we 've gotten from everyone , none of this would be possible . It really happened through word of mouth and all of that . So we 're really thankful for everyone 's support and everything that 's come from it . Obviously our work ethic has been a big part of it and we work really fast , and we 're able to do a bunch of other stuff as well by putting it out there and letting it do its thing . Again though , we 're very grateful for all the support we 've gotten from everyone , it makes all this possible .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
That 's really great to hear that you guys are cognizant of all this as it can be easy to forget i 'm sure . You mentioned doing a lot of different things and one of those things is all the different styles of music you guys have released . Moombahton , big room house , trap , all kinds of stuff… so if you had three words to describe your sound , what would they be ?
Oooh good question ; probably hard , different , and cool .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
And one of your biggest tracks to date was `` Booty Bounce '' …can you guys make your booty bounce ? . . . Can you make it clap ?
[ laughing ] Yeah man , we practice everyday ! At least once a day !
Haha ! So what you 're saying is that the next time we see you , we 'll see that booty bounce ?
Haha ! Maybe not , depends on how many drinks we 've had right ? !
What 's are your drinks of choice ?
Well , we like beer , not really spirit drinkers . We enjoy Stella , Newcastle , Coronas . So beer .
Okay okay , now I have to ask you , there 's this mashup that 's been floating around this summer , have you guys heard it ?
The epic what ?
Epic Mashleg , have you heard it ?
Ohhh…yeah… yeah we 've heard it .
What do you think of it ?
Ugh…I do n't know . Y'know at the time when we made `` Hit It ! , '' that was way before any of this sound got big , I guess . It 's funny to see how many people are inspired by that same sound and everyone 's trying to put their take on it . There 's always a fine line between being inspired by and copying , y'know ? Like with this particular sound , we think there 's only so much you can do with it and everyone wants to put their take on it , even though they all sound the same . The whole sound together is really just one distorted kick and like one big lead sound , so there 's only so many ways you can do that without sounding like you 're copying someone else . I think people just need to expand and try something else .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Definitely , and I think you 've hit the nail on the head . I know you 're running out of time so i 've got one more question for you , Do androids dance ?
Uh , yeah ! Everyone dances , everything dances !
Jake Gyllenhaal and Carey Mulligan are attached to star in June Pictures ' “ Wildlife , ” written and directed by Paul Dano in the actor 's directing debut .
Based on the Richard Ford novel , the story tells the tale of a boy who witnesses their parents ' marriage falling apart after their mom finds another man .
“ Paul is a natural born storyteller — a force . We are thrilled to collaborate with them and these phenomenal actors to bring their exquisite vision for this film to life , ” said Andrew Duncan and Alex Saks from June Pictures .
The pic is produced by Duncan and Saks for June Pictures , and Gyllenhaal and Riva Marker for Nine Stories . Oren Moverman , Ann Ruark , and Dano will also produce , while Zoe Kazan and Eddie Vaisman are executive producing . WME Global handles the domestic rights to the film .
The script was co-written by Dano and Kazan .
“ In Richard 's book I saw myself and many others . I have always wanted to make films — and have always known I would make films about family , ” Dano said . “ I could n't be happier to have such beautiful collaborators like Carey and Jake leading the way . ”
The pic marks the first time Mulligan and Gyllenhaal have shared the screen .
Gyllenhaal 's most recent pic , “ Nocturnal Animals , ” premiered at the Toronto Film Festival and they are currently filming “ Life ” for Skydance . Through their Nine Stories shingle , Gyllenhaal produced David Gordon Green 's “ Sronger ” , in which they also star .
Mulligan was last seen in the Focus pic “ Suffragette ” and most recently wrapped production “ Mudbound ” opposite Jason Clarke .
Both are repped by WME .
Mulligan is also repped by Julian Belfrage Associates , Ziffren Brittenham . Gyllenhaal is also repped by Carlos Goodman at Bloom Hergott .
CLOSE SportsPulse : USA TODAY Sports ' Steve Gardner details which players to start and which to sit heading into this final week of the regular season for most fantasy football leagues . USA TODAY Sports
Eagles strong safety Malcolm Jenkins says they wo n't be demonstrating anymore . ( Photo11 : Jake Roth , USA TODAY Sports )
The NFL informed teams Friday about its commitment of $ 90 million over the next seven years for a three-pronged plan to work with players on social justice causes .
The initial $ 3 million comes from a grant approved this week by the NFL Foundation , the league said in a memo sent by chief operating officer Tod Leiweke that was obtained by USA TODAY Sports . Other funds will come from “ cause related events and consumer products sales , auctions and other promotional sources ” as well as contributions from clubs .
The initiative is the result of discussions with a group of players over the past several months who have been protesting racial inequality , police brutality and other social justice causes during the national anthem . Philadelphia Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins , the leader of the Players Coalition , said Thursday they would no longer raise their fist during the anthem , as they have been doing since early last season .
Other players , however , are likely to continue their protests .
San Francisco safety Eric Reid , who was the first player to join former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to kneel in protest in 2016 , was among a group of players who announced earlier this week they were leaving the Players Coalition . Los Angeles Chargers offensive tackle Russell Okung followed Reid , and posted on Twitter Thursday that they encourage players to “ continue to exercise their constitutional rights . ”
Reid told reporters on Thursday that one of their concerns was that the NFL 's plan would not commit new money to social justice causes .
MORE : NFL , Players Coalition agreement on social justice efforts not perfect , but it 's a start
MORE : Colin Kaepernick selected 'Sports Illustrated ' Muhammad Ali Legacy Award winner
The league 's memo on Friday disputed that . Leiweke wrote that the social justice initiative will “ supplement and not replace ” other NFL endeavors , like October 's cancer awareness month , Salute to Service events in November or the domestic violence prevention program .
Anna Isaacson , the NFL 's vice president for social responsibility , detailed the plan in a separate memo sent to teams on Friday . It will have three parts : the financial commitment , promotion of community work by players and access to government resources at local , state and national levels .
Isaacson wrote that the NFL will present to teams a “ more thorough ” plan at league meetings in March that will focus on local teams .
PHOTOS : NFL players ' cleats for a cause
The Recording Industry Association of America reported this week that revenues from streaming music services surpassed those of both digital downloads and physical media for the first time in 2015 , ushering in a new age for the music industry .
“ The music industry is now a digital business , deriving more than 70 percent of its revenues from a wide array of digital platforms and formats , ” RIAA CEO Cary Sherman writes in a blog post . “ The share of revenues from those digital formats surpasses that of any other creative industry . ”
The bigger headline ? For the first time , digital music subscription services surpassed $ 1 billion in revenues in 2015 , accounting for 34.3 percent of all revenues . Digital downloads—mostly iTunes—were second , with 34 percent of revenues . And physical media , mostly audio CDs , came in third with 28.8 percent of revenues .
Driving the growth in digital music subscription services , the RIAA says that there were about 13 million paying subscribers by the end of 2015 ( in the U.S. ) , and the expectation is that the number of paid subscribers will keep growing .
Hinting at some of the high profile news stories from 2015—big services like Spotify and Pandora were both involved in licensing disputes in which both were forced to pay bigger royalties than before—Sherman said that challenges remain .
“ In 2015 , fans listened to hundreds of billions of audio and video music streams through on-demand ad-supported digital services like YouTube , but revenues from such services have been meager — far less than other kinds of music services , ” they wrote . “ And the problem is getting worse . ”
Well , yes . But surely the RIAA understands that the ease of digital delivery means lower per-unit royalties but also larger audiences for the music … and larger overall revenues . Since this is , as they note , “ at its core , about artists and their art . ”
Looking at the RIAA 's report , I see that streaming has exploded since 2010 : Back then , just 7 percent of total U.S. music revenues were from music streaming Today , that figure is 34 percent . But revenues are indeed up , if slightly .
Looking at these trends with a Microsoft focus , it 's not hard to understand why Microsoft dropped the digital download-focused Zune service for the more modern Xbox Music/Groove service , which is primarily streaming- and subscription-based . But it 's still unclear why Microsoft let MixRadio go in the wake of its Nokia buyout : MixRadio provided that Internet radio station/music discovery piece that is still sorely missing from Groove . And services like Spotify , Google Play Music , and Apple Music are vastly superior as a result .
UPDATED Jan. 31 with correct age of Robert `` LaVoy '' Finicum .
BURNS - Jason Patrick , a former roofer from Georgia , finds themselves the leader of the remaining occupiers at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge .
They said Wednesday that they are n't sure how the occupation , now in its 26th day , will end , but they still hope for a peaceful resolution .
Police have cut off the refuge headquarters , 30 miles southeast of Burns . Roadblocks near the bird sanctuary 's entrance stop traffic going in , but police have encouraged anyone at the refuge to leave .
About six miles away , police set up a secondary roadblock , threatening to arrest anyone but landowners who try to go past .
Patrick leads an ever-dwindling band of anti-government occupiers . They would n't say how many remain , but other supporters reported about 10 occupiers are still inside .
FBI and state police arrested the top leaders Tuesday along a highway north of Burns as they traveled to a community meeting two hours away in John Day .
A steady trickle of occupiers has taken up police on the offer to leave , including one of the other last remaining leaders , Blaine Cooper .
Patrick said people in the compound met overnight to vote on whether to abandon the refuge or stay .
`` The majority vote was to stay , '' Patrick said .
Leaders with several groups following the occupation called on their members not to head to the refuge .
`` During this time , cooler heads must prevail , '' said a joint statement by the Pacific Patriots Network , Oathkeepers and III % . `` We do not wish to inflame the current situation and will engage in open dialogue until all of the facts have been gathered . ''
The group wants people to wait until its leaders have had time to communicate with federal officials and complete a timeline of what happened .
From the compound , Patrick said they spent time on the phone last night with `` Chris , '' the FBI negotiator who daily talked with Ammon Bundy , who until Tuesday oversaw the occupation .
Patrick said they asserted what Bundy had - that government officials need to address the group 's `` redress of grievances '' outlining complaints about government conduct and the prosecution of local rancher Dwight Hammond Jr. and their son , Steven .
The two were convicted on federal arson charges and returned to federal prison earlier this month . Patrick said they also pressed the FBI negotiator on the group 's long-standing point that the federal government was violating a constitutional restriction on how much land it can control .
They said the FBI negotiator would n't address the points , telling Patrick that everyone had to leave the refuge .
`` I told them that sounded like an ultimatum and asked if it was , '' Patrick said . But they did n't get an answer , they said .
Meantime , a black helicopter and several armored vehicles were stationed at the Burns Municipal Airport , about five miles east of town . Police in paramilitary gear and carrying scoped rifles were patrolling the airport entrance . The airport is serving as an operations base for the FBI .
Any resolution of the occupation needs to include transparency about the shooting death of Robert `` LaVoy '' Finicum , 54 , Patrick said . Finicum was killed in a confrontation with police Tuesday about 20 miles north of Burns on U.S. 395 , where Bundy , their brother , Ryan Bundy , and three others were arrested . Three others were arrested later .
Social media claims began circulating almost immediately that Finicum was shot while they had their hands raised in surrender . A later witness , one of the Bundy drivers , said on a Facebook video that did n't happen .
Patrick said they want police to release their video of the encounter .
`` I do n't really know '' what the next step will be , they said . They could n't leave the refuge if they wanted because all those who have provided them transportation are gone or in jail , they said .
They said they expected a calm day , with people `` meandering '' about the refuge compound , a collection of buildings that include a bunkhouse and museum .
Lookouts remain posted in the fire tower standing over the compound , with a Hermiston cowboy still there with their horse and big U.S. flag .
Patrick texted and talked by phone with their children .
`` They want me to do what 's right , '' they said .
U.S. Rep. Greg Walden , whose district includes Harney County , urged people left at the refuge `` to go home before anyone else gets hurt . ''
`` And when this is done and the cameras ' glare turns away from rural Oregon , the healing process will be a long one , '' Walden said in a statement .
As daylight came , Oregon 205 leading from Burns to the refuge was blockaded about a mile south of the turnout onto Sodhouse Lane , the main entry point to the sanctuary 's headquarters .
Law enforcement officials stood with a state trooper vehicle and several unmarked rigs parked nearby . Ranch trucks occasionally drove by , but the few reporters outside the blockade were told no one was being let in .
Wes Land , a ranch hand in Burns , waited from their pickup along the highway for the chance to go to work .
Land 's boss , Diamond rancher Buck Taylor , runs cattle on property directly next to the refuge . They were headed there to do their morning chores when officers at the roadblock turned them away .
`` I got to go out and feed cows , '' Land said from the driver 's seat as they awaited word along with is border collie , Jack . `` I just want to go down and do what I 'm supposed to be doing , but they just keep telling me the road 's closed . ''
-- Kelly House of The Oregonian/OregonLive contributed to this post .
-- Les Zaitz
CORRECTION : Robert `` LaVoy '' Finicum was 54 at the time of their death . An earlier version of this post listed an incorrect age .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rory Cellan-Jones swaps their smartphone for a retro Nokia 3310
The rebooted Nokia 3310 has gone on sale , nearly 17 years after the original made its debut .
The phone , which has a two megapixel camera and relies on 2.5G connectivity to offer only limited internet access , is being sold for £49.99 .
The battery is claimed to offer up to 22 hours of talk time , and up to a month in standby mode .
One expert said its success depended on how much people would be willing to pay for a device that `` oozes nostalgia '' .
`` For someone like me , it 's an exciting day , '' commented Ben Wood , from technology consultancy CCS Insight .
`` If you put this in the hands of a millennial who 's addicted to Snapchat , of course it 's the wrong phone .
`` But with over 20 million mobile phones in the UK , approximately one million are feature phones , or 'dumb phones ' if you want to call them that . This is still a sizeable market .
`` This is a premium version , so the question is how much are people willing to pay for that ? ''
Image copyright Twitter / Madras Lion
Image copyright Carphone Warehouse Image caption Dom Joly gets their hands on a suitably sized version of the new handset
Youtube technology vlogger Safwan Ahmedia was one of the first to buy one .
Image copyright Twitter / Safwan Ahmedia
Image copyright Twitter / Jess Volpe
Image copyright Twitter / Jonathan Beckett
`` The interest shown for this reimagined classic has been backed up by incredibly strong levels of pre-registration , and we have already sold out of very limited stock online '' , Carphone Warehouse 's Andrew Wilson said .
And a spokesperson for Vodafone told the BBC : `` We are delighted to be stocking the phone as demand has been really high '' .
EE is registering levels of interest in the device , but O2 and Three said they had no plans to sell the handset .
Nokia 3310 specifications Weight 79.6g Operating system Nokia S30+ Connectivity 2.5G , Bluetooth 3.0 Camera Two megapixels Storage ( internal / removable ) 32MB , microSD up to 32GB Battery life 22 hours of talk time , up to a month on standby Price £49.99
The new device was announced at February 's Mobile World Congress technology show in Barcelona .
It is being built under licence by the Finnish start-up company HMD Global , which also makes several Nokia-branded Android smartphones .
Nokia produced more than 126 million of the original 3310 handsets between 2000 and 2005 , when they were phased out .
But it has not made mobile phones since 2013 , when it sold its handset business to Microsoft .
Mark Hughes will become the sixth manager to take charge of 400 Premier League games when they step into the dugout against Southampton , and is aiming to qualify for Europe with Stoke before they reach 500 .
Hughes joins Sir Alex Ferguson , Arsene Wenger , Harry Redknapp , David Moyes and Sam Allardyce on the significant total , but Hughes believes only by getting a team promoted will current British managers have the chance of accompanying them .
Hughes found success at Blackburn , before moving to Manchester City , Fulham , and Queens Park Rangers , before taking over in the Potteries in May 2013 .
Mark Hughes will become the sixth manager to take charge of 400 Premier League games
Hughes will join the likes of Arsene Wenger on the total when Stoke play Southampton
Hughes found success at Blackburn , before moving to Manchester City , Fulham , and QPR
MARK HUGHES ' MANAGERIAL CAREER 1999-2004 : Wales 2004-2008 : Blackburn Rovers 2008-2009 : Manchester City 2010-2011 : Fulham Jan 2012-Nov 2012 : QPR 2013-present : Stoke City
PREMIER LEAGUE MANAGERS 400 CLUB 810 : Sir Alex Ferguson 768 : Arsene Wenger 639 : Harry Redknapp 476 : David Moyes 430 : Sam Allardyce 399 : Mark Hughes
They said : 'We 've all got ambitions and I 'm at a club now where we feel we have n't achieved what we 're capable of yet . We 're still trying to push that forward .
'That 's what we try to do and the hope is that maybe in 100 games - it might take a little bit longer or it might take a little bit less – we will be able to push this club to levels that they have n't been to for quite some time .
'There are a number of clubs , not least the one we 're going up against on Wednesday , who have been able to show that with good management and good structure you can get up to the top end of the Premier League and get into Europe by virtue of your league position , which I 've done before . I did that at Blackburn so I 'd like to be able to do it here as well . '
Hughes is aiming to qualify for Europe with Stoke before they reach 500 games
On whether it will become more difficult for British managers to match their total , Hughes added : ' I just think it 's very difficult for them to be given opportunities .
'Probably the career pathway to be able to get into the Premier League as a British manager now needs to lead from a promotion from the Championship .
On their `` WallBuilders Live '' radio show today , debunked ChristianhistorianDavidBarton claimed that the U.S. Supreme court has defined atheism as a `` religion . ''
Barton then added that the `` religions '' of Darwinism and evolution should be banned from public schools in the name of separation of church and state , noted RightWingWatch.org ( audio below ) .
They began their claim by stating : `` The Supreme Court opened the door to all of this . Back in decisions like U.S. vs Seeger and others , the court , in their dislike for traditional religion , they defined religion as whatever someone believes so sincerely and so strongly that it affects the way they act . ''
`` Now , if that 's the case , by the court 's definition , atheism and humanism would be religious because they affect the way people act . But if that 's the case , then why do n't we have the separation of church and state with them , if they 're a religion ? ''
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
However , U.S. vs Seeger did not define atheism as a religion . The 1965 case was about three non-religious people who claimed exemption from the military draft on the basis of conscientious objection . Up until this time , conscientious objection had to be religion based .
The court ruled that conscientious objection could also be based on `` sincere and meaningful belief which occupies in the life of its possessor a place parallel to that filled by the God of those . '' The court said secular beliefs were `` parallel '' to religious beliefs , but did not say that atheism was a religion , as Barton claims .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Barton went on to falsely claim that scientific theories such as Darwinism and evolution are also `` religion . ''
`` Darwinism and evolution is a religion . Why do n't we say , 'Hey we ca n't teach Darwinism in school . That affects the way people behave . I demand separation of church and state . Get Darwinism out of the classroom , '' said Barton .
`` Or why do n't we say , 'Hey , I do n't see any prayers going at graduation ; that 's atheism ! I demand separation of church and state . Atheism has chaplains , they 're a religion . Get atheism out of the schools . ''
Sources : RightWingWatch.org and Wikipedia.org
undefined
Well , the money went somewhere - and apparently very little went into actually rebuilding Iraq :
Federal authorities examining the early , chaotic days of the $ 125 billion American-led effort to rebuild Iraq have significantly broadened their inquiry to include senior American military officers who oversaw the program , according to interviews with senior government officials and court documents .
Court records show that last month investigators subpoenaed the personal bank records of Col. Anthony B . Bell , who is now retired from the Army but who was in charge of reconstruction contracting in Iraq in 2003 and 2004 when the small operation grew into a frenzied attempt to remake the country 's broken infrastructure . In addition , investigators are examining the activities of Lt. Col. Ronald W. Hirtle of the Air Force , who was a senior contracting officer in Baghdad in 2004 , according to two federal officials involved in the inquiry .
It is not clear what specific evidence exists against the two men , and both said they had nothing to hide from investigators . Yet officials say that several criminal cases over the past few years point to widespread corruption in the operation the men helped to run . As part of the inquiry , the authorities are taking a fresh look at information given to them by Dale C. Stoffel , an American arms dealer and contractor who was killed in Iraq in late 2004 .
Before they were shot on a road north of Baghdad , Mr. Stoffel drew a portrait worthy of a pulp crime novel : tens of thousands of dollars stuffed into pizza boxes and delivered surreptitiously to the American contracting offices in Baghdad , and payoffs made in paper sacks that were scattered in “ dead drops ” around the Green Zone , the nerve center of the United States government 's presence in Iraq , two senior federal officials said .
Mr. Stoffel , who gave investigators information about the office where Colonel Bell and Colonel Hirtle worked , was deemed credible enough that they were granted limited immunity from prosecution in exchange for their information , according to government documents obtained by The New York Times and interviews with officials and Mr. Stoffel 's lawyer , John H. Quinn Jr . There is no evidence that their death was related to their allegations of corruption .
I got my first taste of internet fame in the early 2000s , shortly after registering the domain NetAuthority.org . I had no idea what I was going to do with it at the time .
The turn of the millenium was an interesting period on the web . Google was around , but I knew just as many people who used AltaVista , WebCrawler , Yahoo , or even link directories that aspired and claimed to manualy curate and categorize every site on the web . There was no concept of a social network ; Facebook , Twitter , Reddit , and even MySpace were still years away . Word-of-mouth was still one of the most reliable ways to find good content on the web , which generally included sites like SlashDot , Something Awful , The Register , User Friendly , and ( if you kept particularly perverse company ) Rotten.com or Stile Project .
One of my favorite websites back then was The Landover Baptist Church . It 's a religious satire site that is still around today , but used to be a bit more subtle . I , in my irreverent youth , decided I would do something similar . I loved to push people 's buttons and evoke strong , irrational and emotional reactions , and I would use my newly acquired official-sounding domain to do just that .
“ Without a winking smiley or other blatant display of humor , it is utterly impossible to parody a Creationist in such a way that someone wo n't mistake for the genuine article. ” —Poe 's Law
I still have the source code from the original incarnation of Net Authority , and it is not very pretty . The spaghetti mess of Perl scripts that do little more than dump raw HTML , server-side includes , and horrifying conditional CSS hacks to handle Internet Explorer , while somewhat nostalgic , make me appreciate even more just how far we have come since then .
I wrote up a set of “ guidelines ” to be followed by all internet users . My goal in later incarnations was to make the religious aspects less overt , but initially I did n't try to hide the apparent motivation behind the “ organization . ”
What is Net Authority ?
The Net Authority is a group of individuals who have taken it upon themselves to govern the Internet . We have waited patiently and in vain for the World 's governments to put their resources together and develop a standard set of guidelines for what material should be permitted on the Internet , and what should not . We have prayed without answer for a centralized agency with the power and the means to stop crimes against humanity on the Internet . The time for waiting has ended . Clearly we , the people , must take matters into our own hands . Net Authority writes those guidelines . Net Authority is that agency .
The stated purpose of the provided guidelines was “ to simply organize and prioritize all that is blasphemous in the eyes of God. ” The guidelines were essentially a listing of various different types of pornography , organized and grouped in a way to be as offensive as possible ( in later incarnations , interracial relationships were lumped in with bestiality , for example ) , as well as broader categories such as “ Hate Literature ” and “ General Blasphemy . ”
Net Authority provided a simple web form through which visitors could “ report ” offenders . These offenders could be either publishers or consumers of the various types of forbidden material on the internet . Upon submitting the form , which asked a few simple questions such as the offender 's email address , web url ( if applicable ) , and which specific guidelines had been violated . My devilish little Perl script would gather up the inputs and craft a personalized email to the offender .
To : “ $ name ” < $ email >
From : “ Net Authority Investigations ” < investigations @ netauthority.org >
Subject : Notification of Internet Violations
Dear $ name ,
It has recently been brought to our attention that you are , or have been , in violation of the Net Authority Acceptable Internet Usage Guidelines . It has been reported that you $ involvement offensive materials over the Internet .
Net Authority has investigated these claims and verified that they are true .
As a result , your personal information has been added to one or more Net Authority Internet offender databases . Your information will be stored in the databases until enough evidence has been gathered against you to warrant further actions . To help avoid such a situation , it is strongly recommended that you cease your immoral actions on the Internet at once .
You have been added to the following databases :
– Hate Literature Offenders
– Pornography Offenders
– General Blasphemy Offenders
If you would like more information about Net Authority or the Net Authority Acceptable Internet Usage Guidelines , you may read the details at http : //www.netauthority.org/ . It is imperative that you fully understand the guidelines if you wish to avoid further prosecution .
May God be with you as you struggle to overcome these evil impulses . You will be in our prayers at night .
God speed ,
Net Authority Investigations Department
investigations @ netauthority.org
http : //www.netauthority.org/
I added a few other bells and whistles to the site , such as a hit counter and a database backend that kept track of and displayed how many submissions I received in each category . I also threw up a copy of WebBBS . My hope was that people would submit their friends and elicit a few salty comments on the forum to amuse me and my friends . If I had known at the time just how crazy things would get… well… who am I kidding ? I still would have done it and probably would have been even more excited for what was about to come .
I imagine I completed the site well into the wee hours of the morning , as I was in the habit of working through the night in those days . I do remember that as soon as I had completed and tested all of my hastily hacked together Perl scripts , I submitted the first handful of internet “ offenders ” myself . I reported a few of my friends , of course , though they had already known about my plans for the domain so it was more of a way to notify them that it was done and live . I also reported a couple of “ e/n ” sites ( which was what blogs were sometimes called before the term “ blog ” had gained wider adoption ) . In those days most sites still had a footer which proudly suggested that you “ contact the webmaster ” if you had any problems , so finding relevant email addresses was easy . I plugged the emails and urls for a few popular sites into my web form , checked off a few boxes , hit the submit button , and then probably went to bed and crashed until I had to go to work a few hours later .
The first thing that tipped me off that something interesting was going on was when Net Authority stopped loading in my web browser . I was running it from a server in my house , so I logged in at the console to see if a process had crashed or something , only to find that the whole system had slowed to a crawl . I had a summer job to get to , and did n't leave myself a lot of time in the mornings , so I simply rebooted the machine and headed in to work .
Over the course of the day , through various ICQ messages from friends and excited coworkers who knew of my little side project , I learned that not only had the “ offenders ” posted blog entries about Net Authority , but my little prank had spread like wildfire through the entire “ e/n ” universe . It became both obvious that the site was failing due to the massive load of traffic it was now receiving , and also imperative that I get it back up and running as soon as possible . After a bit of investigative work over SSH , I figured out that WebBBS was the primary issue . After disabling it and replacing the forum with a simple “ offline for maintenance ” message , the server was happy once again .
The newly unburdened server also meant that my Net Authority email , which was hosted on the same machine , also suddenly became available . I was flooded with a deluge of hate mail the likes of which I could never have imagined . When I had initially crafted the site , I assumed that even a modicum of investigation on the part of the automated message recipients would reveal it all to be obvious satire . I did not account for the fact that nobody would bother to investigate . Many more emails than I would have guessed were clearly from people who were not in on the joke . That was my first sign that the whole thing may not have been the great idea I had originally thought it to be .
“ Well , you know you 've arrived when the God Squad starts waving bibles at you . This missive arrived this morning at Vulture Central . We have n't got the faintest idea what it 's about , but ignorance is no excuse. ” —Lester Haines , The Register
The next sign I got was when my cellphone started ringing from phone numbers I did n't recognize . Apparently I had n't stopped to think about the consequences of supplying my real name and contact information in the whois records for the netauthority.org domain . Some aspiring young internet sleuth had clearly used their or their skills to “ dox ” me . My real name and phone number were now associated with this website that , it was becoming more and more clear , very few people found to be as humorous as I did .
“ Get a fucking grip , you scared , lost little sheep . This is n't the dark ages , and your pathetic little site is only inadvertently supplying the internet with humor , as is clearly evident by the posts on your messageboard. ” —Joe Rogan
I quickly changed my phone number with the registrar to point to a free voicemail service . I wish I had saved some of the messages I received from people , but there was no good way to record them from my Nokia phone . In the back of my mind I was still a little worried about just how much trouble I could actually get into , but the endless entertainment and my massively inflated sense of self-importance from all of the blog posts , links , phone calls , and emails that continued to pour in clouded my judgement . My uncle , whose first initial is the same as mine and was listed in the Calgary phone book as “ R . Muiznieks , ” started receiving middle-of-the-night calls from irate people thinking they were me . Suffice it to say they were not happy about this . It was around then that my parents began to suspect that I was up to no good .
Eventually , the inevitable legal threat arrived .
Sadly , I can no longer find a copy of the original email , but the gist of it was that a pregnant woman in Texas had received the automated offender email and was so distraught by it that I had “ endangered the life of their unborn child. ” The email was purportedly from the woman 's lawyer , who demanded monetary compensation ( I believe the amount was $ 5,000 ) , and threatened legal action if I did not comply .
Being a naive kid barely out of their teens , I had no idea if the email was actually legit or not . I decided it was time to fess up and let “ the adults ” in on my ongoing prank to help assess just how badly I may have messed up . I 'm not sure what went through my parents ' heads when I explained to them what was going on , but their suggestion upon seeing the legal threat was to take it to my boss who could have the company 's lawyers look it over .
“ You punks try anything with me and I 'll make you famous. ” —bartcop
I was nervous as hell when I asked my boss for a meeting . I remember the long walk to their office with a printout of the legal threat clutched in my sweaty hands . They took one look at my face after I closed the door of their office behind me and said “ uh oh , what did you do Rudi ? ”
Fortunately my boss had a good sense of humor about the whole thing . They ran the email by the company lawyer who said it was so rife with spelling , grammatical , and legal errors that I need n't be too concerned about it . “ You should probably shut that site down , though , ” they concluded . My boss nodded fervently in agreement .
In the end , my fifteen minutes of fame included recognition by The Register , several blogs including Stile Project , I Want a New Girlfriend , Joe Rogan , Something Awful , and a ton of other sites and forums that may not even exist any more today . It was the first time in my life that I published something on the internet which was discovered independently by people who knew me in real life—a truly bizarre and exciting experience for me . Net Authority even earned its own Wikipedia entry .
While I did take the site down after that meeting with my boss , I could n't stay away forever . A few years later I spun Net Authority back up in a slightly watered down form . Instead of sending automated emails , I published a list of “ offensive ” websites submitted by users , each with their own comments section . Net Authority would never soar to the same heights of popularity in its new incarnation , but it still managed to snag a little taste of infamy from time to time .
—Clip from The Now Show , BBC , 13 July 2007
Thinking back on those times and browsing through my old Perl code surfaces feelings of amusement , but also a bit of horror at just how audacious I was . Net Authority was essentially a bulk quasi-legal-threat spamming machine that I was responsible for , but had basically no control over . My mind is put slightly at ease , however , by this little snippet of code that I wrote to validate the email addresses . Clearly I had at least a little prescience . Who knows what would have happened had I not thrown that first elsif clause in there ?
Astrophysicists at Caltech say they 've detected the oldest , most distant galaxy known so far . It 's 13.2 billion years old — just over half a billion years younger than the universe itself — and the discovery may change what astrophysicists know about the early history of the universe .
Adi Zitrin and Richard Ellis first spotted EGS8p7 with the Hubble Space Telescope and the Spitzer Space Telescope , and based on those initial observations , they decided it was worth a closer look . To learn more about EGS8p7 , they needed different instruments , so they turned to the Multi-Object Spectrometer For InfraRed Exploration ( MOSFIRE ) on the Keck Observatory in Hawai ' i .
Advertisement
Spectrographic analysis is a way of looking at the whole spectrum of electromagnetic radiation emitted by an object . In particular , they wanted to know the galaxy 's redshift . When an object in space moves away from us , the light waves get stretched out . Longer wavelengths of light appear redder , so the spectra of more distant objects will be shifted towards red . That 's called redshift , and astrophysicists often use it as a measure of the distance and age of galaxies .
EGS8p7 had a redshift of 8.68 . Prior to its discovery , the oldest , most distant galaxy that scientists knew about had a redshift of 7.73 . But its age and distance were n't the only remarkable thing about EGS8p7 .
Unexpected Signature
Zitrin , Ellis , and their colleagues were surprised by what they saw in EGS8p7 's spectra . Hot hydrogen gas , heated by the ultraviolent emissions of new stars , produces a spectral its signature called the Lyman-alpha line . When astrophysicists see a Lyman-alpha line , it 's usually a sign of star formation in a young , newly-forming galaxy . That made sense for EGS8p7 , except that 13.2 billion years ago , its Lyman-alpha line should have been absorbed by clouds of hydrogen gas .
Advertisement
“ The surprising aspect about the present discovery is that we have detected this Lyman-alpha line in apparently faint galaxy at a redshift of 8.68 , corresponding to a time when the universe should be full of absorbing hydrogen clouds , ” said Ellis in a statement . It turns out that EGS8p7 's out-of-place spectrographic signature may shed some light on the early history of our universe . The researchers published their findings in the Astrophysical Journal Letters .
Clouds in the Early Universe
Right after the Big Bang , matter existed only as charged particles — protons and electrons — because the universe was still too hot for the particles to come together and form atoms . After about 380,000 years , according to astrophysicists , the universe had cooled enough that the free electrons and protons could join into neutral hydrogen atoms , without a positive or negative charge . Thanks to gravity , those atoms eventually started to condense together into huge clouds of gas that happened to absorb radiation in the wavelengths emitted by young galaxies , including the Lyman-alpha line . This is about when EGS8p7 was born .
Advertisement
“ If you look at the galaxies in the early universe , there is a lot of neutral hydrogen that is not transparent to this emission , ” said Zitrin in a statement . “ We expect that most of the radiation from this galaxy would be absorbed by the hydrogen in the intervening space . Yet we still see Lyman-alpha from this galaxy . ”
So why does EGS8p7 's spectrographic signature show up when our current models of the early universe say it should n't have ?
Ionizing the Universe
As the first galaxies — including EGS8p7 — formed , between half a billion and 1 billion years after the Big Bang , the radiation they emitted swept through the hydrogen clouds and ionized , or charged , the gas by either adding electrons or sweeping them away . Ionized hydrogen absorbs different wavelengths of radiation than neutral hydrogen , so after about 1 billion years , galaxies have visible Lyman-alpha lines again .
Advertisement
Researchers say that reionization did n't happen uniformly , at the same time across the whole universe . When EGS8p7 formed , the galaxy 's emissions may have been hot and bright enough to ionize the hydrogen clouds around it , making it possible for the radiation on the Lyman-alpha line to shine through . That may be because EGS8p7 is special , like a giant galactic snowflake .
“ The galaxy we have observed , EGS8p7 , which is unusually luminous , may be powered by a population of unusually hot stars , and it may have special properties that enabled it to create a large bubble of ionized hydrogen much earlier than is possible for more typical galaxies at these times , ” explained Caltech graduate student Sirio Belli , who was involved with the project , in a statement .
Zitrin and Ellis say they are now re-examining the timeline of re-ionization , in light of what they 're learning from EGS8p7 . In the long run , that could improve our understanding of the early evolution of our universe .
Advertisement
[ Caltech , Astrophysical Journal Letters ]
Top image : NASA/JPL-Caltech
Contact the author at k.smithstrickland @ gmail.com or follow them on Twitter .
February 21 , 2014 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Freelancers typically face two challenges when starting out : credibility and pricing .
Freelancer.com alone has more than 10 million users . Given this large pool of competitors , it is difficult to stand out in the crowd and be visible to a potential client . It is natural for a business seeking freelancers to opt for someone who has had several projects with good ratings under their belt over a new entrant who has neither the rating nor project experience .
To make up for this , most freelancers start out by competing on price , which is not a sustainable model , primarily because a significant number of freelancers come from developing countries where the cost of living is lower than the developed world . The amount bid by these freelancers is likely to be much lower in general . If you are an emerging freelancer , your bid is not likely to be more attractive than what these freelancers ( who may have a better reputation in the marketplace ) quote .
Related : How Much Should I Charge Clients ?
The ideal way forward is to create a communication channel with the client that will not be overwhelmed by the noise from competition . The process below should help new freelancers with an opportunity to be more visible and credible to the client .
Look for projects where the client can be identified . The nature of the freelance marketplace makes it difficult for you to stand out from the crowd . The first step is to take your conversation outside the native platform . Unfortunately , most projects that appear on such marketplaces are vague and do not give away too many details about the business . However , a small minority of the projects do and these are the clients that need to be targeted .
Look for listings that contain the website address . In some cases , the URL may not be available , but the user ID ( example : richardmanning227 ) can give the client 's name away . Combine this with other details you can gather about the client from the project description ( industry , location , etc . ) and you may be able to uniquely identify the person through websites such as LinkedIn . Once identified , dig deeper into the profile to gather information about the website or business that is related to the project .
Related : How to Make It as a Freelance Entrepreneur
Analyze their business from the project perspective . The next step is to thoroughly analyze their business from the project perspective . If the client is requesting an SEO strategy , go ahead and spend a few minutes to identify possible areas you will be working on . Make a short document about it .
Send a personal email . Check the Who Is details for the client 's website to get the owner 's email address . If it is not available , find the right email address using trial and error . For instance , if you know that the project is for Example.com and the owner 's name is John Doe , then their email address could be john @ example.com , john.doe @ example.com or jdoe @ example.com . If your email is not delivered to any of these addresses , make use of the website contact form to send an email .
It is recommended to keep the email short and sweet with the analysis document provided only as an attachment . In my experience , this strategy gets a response at least 40 percent of the time . Once you convince the client to consider your proposal , bid on the project and ask them to accept the proposal through the marketplace . Over time , this strategy will help you build a good portfolio of clients without having to sacrifice your earnings .
Related : Elance and oDesk Announce Merger That Would Create Freelancing Giant
Buy Photo Sparks police at the scene of a possible shooting near J Street and Stanford Way . ( Photo : Marcella Corona/RGJ ) Buy Photo
A man faces multiple assault charges after shooting another man in the chest in a road rage incident in Sparks , police said in a news release Tuesday afternoon .
Cesar Romero , 20 , was booked on several charges including battery with a deadly weapon , assault with a deadly weapon and misdemeanor property damage .
Witnesses told police that the shooting victim , who was driving a black Audi , was run off the road at the intersection of Stanford Way and East J Street by a silver Toyota pickup truck .
Caesar Romero ( Photo : Washoe County Jail )
When the victim came out of their Audi , the suspect exited their truck and pulled out a handgun .
Police said that Romero reportedly fired one round striking the other driver in the chest .
The man then fought with Romero , took the gun away from them and struck them with a baseball bat on the head , police said .
The victim 's brother then came to their aid and helped fight off Romero , police said .
CLOSE Two men were hospitalized following a road rage shooting , beating in Sparks . Marcella Corona/RGJ
Romero then fled on foot to a nearby home .
The victim 's car was disabled so they took Romero 's truck and drove themselves to the Northern Nevada Medical Center and was later transported to Renown Regional Medical Center , police said .
Both men suffered non-life threatening injuries .
Officers later found the the handgun inside the truck , which was left parked at Northern Nevada hospital , police said .
After the investigation , Romero was release from the hospital and taken to Washoe County Jail .
Officers were continuing their investigation on Tuesday afternoon .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rgj.com/1Dfnhlp
`` What do Rutgers University , Kean University , Montclair State University , New Jersey City University , Stockton College , Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common ? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years . ''
New Jersey has a long history of spending heavily on education .
The state for years has spent money on urban school districts and federally mandated programs to help youngsters in need . Now , says Assemblyman Joe Cryan , the time has come for public colleges and universities that accept state funding to be more accountable for its graduation rates .
`` What do Rutgers University , Kean University , Montclair State University , New Jersey City University , Stockton College , Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common ? '' Cryan ( D-Union ) asked during a Dec. 19 Assembly session in which they discussed a new state panel formed to study the affordability of higher education . `` They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years . ''
That statistic seemed a bit startling to the Truth-O-Meter , but we found that Cryan is correct .
Cryan 's statistic is based on data reported by the schools themselves , as required , to the state . That data then goes to the U.S. Department of Education , where it can be accessed on the website for the Institute of Education Sciences . The institute 's website shows data for students starting in fall 2004 and fall 2006 . Cryan 's claim is based on 2004 data .
Here 's a breakdown of the graduation rates for each of the schools Cryan mentioned , based on a first-year , full-time equivalent student graduating with a bachelor 's degree in four years . It 's worth noting , though , that the graduation rates increase if students take six years to complete their degree :
SCHOOL FOUR-YEAR RATE , STARTING FALL 2004 SIX-YEAR RATE , STARTING FALL 2004 Rutgers University 48 percent 77 percent Kean University 17 percent 47 percent Montclair State University 31 percent 62 percent New Jersey City University 8 percent 37 percent Richard Stockton College 40 percent 64 percent Rowan University 44 percent 70 percent William Paterson University 17 percent 49 percent
Sources : Asm . Joe Cryan 's office ; U.S. Department of Education website , Institute of Education Sciences College Navigator , Retention and Graduation Rates
Cryan noted that they did n't include some schools , such as the New Jersey Institute of Technology , because its curriculum requires five years to earn a bachelor 's degree .
We reached out to each of the schools cited by Cryan . Not all responded but some that did say that there 's more to graduation rates than numbers .
`` There 's a big difference between a kid going to Harvard and a kid going to New Jersey City University , a big difference between going to William Paterson and to Rutgers , '' said Joe Cardona , vice president of university relations for Rowan University in Glassboro . `` Their preparedness profile , their economic profile -- all of those really tie in to your ability to excel and to be able to achieve whatever the degree program is . ''
Comparing schools with different missions , populations and demographics is akin to comparing apples and oranges , Cardona added .
Taking six years to complete a bachelor 's degree has become a more accepted timeframe , according to Cardona and Steve Manas , a spokesperson at Rutgers New Brunswick .
`` The current national standard for graduation rates is six years , and Rutgers ' rate is 75 percent , comparable to AAU ( Association of American Universities ) peers , '' Manas said in an e-mail . `` The latest graduation rate for four years is 52 percent . ''
Maryjane Briant , a spokesperson for Stockton College , confirmed Cryan 's graduation rate number for the Atlantic County school for students starting in 2004 , but noted that the number has climbed significantly since .
The four-year graduation rate for Stockton students starting school in fall 2009 was 53 percent , they said .
To reiterate , Cryan 's numbers are accurate for students starting their degrees 10 years ago , but schools that spoke with us generally pointed to higher graduation rates from more recent timeframes .
Cryan said many families that save money to send their children to college plan or expect it to be a four -year program , not six . And they re-emphasized their concern that institutions accepting state money for higher education need to be more accountable for on-time graduation rates . They also disagreed that it 's unfair to compare students attending schools that may have different missions and demographics .
`` What demographic is allowed not to graduate on time ? '' they said . `` What students do you favor over others as a result ?
Our ruling
Cryan said , `` What do Rutgers University , Kean University , Montclair State University , New Jersey City University , Stockton College , Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common ? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years . ''
Cryan cited statistics reported by the schools they name for first-time , full-time students starting a four-year program in 2004 . The graduation rates trend upward , though , for more recent years , and the rates jump substantially for students who took six years to earn their bachelor 's degree .
Still , Cryan 's claim is technically accurate and we therefore rate their claim True .
To comment on this story , go to NJ.com .
( For best results : allow video to load on ` pause ' before pressing play . )
[ Go to `` South Korea : Ssangyong workers face brutal police/thug attacks as factory occupation continues '' for the backgound to the sit-in . ]
Urgent appeal by the Korean metalworkers Union and Korean Confederation of Trade Unions
[ Please send solidarity messages to the KCTU at inter @ kctu.org ]
August 5 , 2009 -- Today , police helicopters dropped two containers of SWAT team members onto the roof of the assembly plant building ( adjacent to paintshop ) . They began to rush out and assault union members who were on the roof of the assembly line building .
See Hangyoreh newspaper video above . More video HERE , HERE and HERE .
Two union members who were being chased by SWAT team members on the roof of the assembly building fell off the building and plummeted to the ground . One of the union members who plummeted to the ground during this operation has head , neck and back injuries , particularly to vertebrae 3 and 4 . Another union member ( in their early 40s ) was shot directly in the head and lost consciousness . They woke up in the hospital needing 20 stitches to their head . The doctor believes they were shot at close range with a rubber bullet .
A fire broke out in the assembly line building which is connected to the paintshop building by third floor walkway . We are afraid the fire could spread to the paint shop .
A union member ( in their early 40s ) was shot directly in the head and lost consciousness . They woke up in the hospital needing 20 stitches to their head . The doctor believes they were shot at close range with a rubber bullet . Another union member ( in their late 30s ) was dodging water cannon fire , and let their wooden shelter ( used as shield ) spread open a little and was promptly hit in the chest with a large nut with enough force to cause a fracture to their ribs .
Riot cops fire taser-like weapons
Other injuries to union members include : electrical shock by taser gun ; shot by rubber bullet fired by what police call a “ multipurpose launcher ” ; head split open ; broken bones ; harm caused by riot police boots , batons and sharpened edges of riot shields .
Riot police arrested people requiring hospitalisation and dragged them to police station for questioning , briefly having open wounds stitched together . Meanwhile company goons and private security forces rushed out of the plant around 9am to clear out the union supporters encamped in front of the plant . They began beating people with wooden sticks and steel pipes , pulling people away from the group of supporters and ripping apart our tents again ( as they had also done on August 4 ) . The private forces directed by the company have no authority to use force much less beat women and unionists on the sidewalk outside the plant .
When students came to our aid , the company forces backed off and the riot police cleared away the students with tear gas-laced water cannons .
The paint shop # 2 , the only remaining occupied building , is the light blue building .
Korean metalworkers ' Union members are hanging in there and the strike-attacking forces have been unable to enter the paintshop 2 building ( the union offices are on the 3rd and 4th floor of the building , the paintshop is on the 1st and 2nd floor ) .
We already have a near comatose union member with spinal cord injury , a fire in the assembly line building and we have no water for fire-fighting purposes ( much less for drinking or washing ) . The fact that the South Korean government is even attempting this raid at all in spite of the extremely dangerous situation is excessive if not lethal behaviour . The continued denial of food , water , proper medical care is an ongoing human rights violation .
We desperately need the International Labour Organisation to make some some kind of intervention asking South Korean government to call off this extraordinarily dangerous raid and participate in negotiations over alternatives to dismissal and a future for the plant . Our union members ' lives are at stake .
Any international solidarity demonstrations should take place in front of South Korean embassies with the above two demands . We also appreciate it if you use any other diplomatic channels possible to ask the South Korean government to stop the raid and participate in or foster negotiations .
August 4 , 2009 : Day of fierce fighting
By Owen Miller in Seoul
August 4 , 2009 -- Socialist Worker ( UK ) -- The attack began at dawn today and lasted until late afternoon . Under a hail of metal bolts and stones from Ssangyong company thugs , liquid tear gas dropped from police helicopters , incessant loud music and an all-out assault by police commandos armed with steel pipes and taser guns , the occupying workers at the Ssangyong auto factory in Pyeongtaek , South Korea , have held out for one more day . The factory occupation began in May .
They forced back a number of attempts by police to retake the car plant 's paintshop , using every means at their disposal including flaming barricades , petrol bombs , slingshots and anti-helicopter spikes .
This sort of fierce resistance reflects the real desperation of workers faced with the loss of their jobs and unlikely to find another in South Korea 's harsh labour market . It is also a reaction to the sheer brutality of the company and the South Korean government in their repeated attempts to crush the occupying workers . There is a widespread belief here that the right-wing Lee Myung-bak government wants to make an example of the Ssangyong workers and achieve a decisive victory against unionised labour in South Korea in order to pave the way for more widespread restructuring .
There are now around 500-540 workers left inside the factory 's paintshop , living under terrible conditions after more than two months of occupation . The company and police have been enforcing a complete blockade on the occupying workers and for the last week they have had very little to eat or drink and practically no water to use for washing or going to the toilet . Many of the workers have sustained injuries during the last week of fighting but the company and police have consistently tried to block medical aid from reaching them .
Negotiations took place at the weekend between management and union leaders but they were broken off by the company on Sunday morning . Now the company , which has been under bankruptcy protection since February , faces liquidation in the next day or two and it is likely that many more will lose their jobs . Although it is clear that nationalisation is the only solution for the ailing car company , the Lee Myung-bak government seems quite happy to let it sink as long as it can score a victory against a militant section of the working class .
The remaining workers say they are ready to fight on and are surrounded by thousands of litres of flammable liquids which pose a threat to both themselves and the attacking police . On the outside of the paintshop building the occupiers have daubed the words , “ If you do n't want to talk , you 'd better kill us all ! ”
The families of the Ssangyong workers have been camped outside the plant for weeks and themselves faced violent attacks from company thugs and strike-breaking employees who have smashed up their tents in the early hours of the morning . This evening at 6.30pm , as the day of fighting came to an end , they released green helium balloons over the factory as a signal of solidarity with their loved ones inside the occupation . Despite their pleas for more negotiations there is little doubt that tomorrow morning will bring another savage assault from the police .
Graphic photos of police attack and workers ' resistance
By Hieronymous
August 4 , 2009 , 1.30pm -- Libcom.org -- A special division of 2500 police are engaged in an assault on the occupied factory . The cops have removed most barricades and are using aerial ladders to attempt to reach the fortified roof positions of the strikers . Three helicopters are supporting the cop attack . Hand-to-hand battles are presently occurring and the strikers are fighting back with Molotov cocktails .
Starting at 10.30am , more than 400 riot cops , using aerial ladders , failed to take the roof from the workers .
In the map below , the red circles show areas where the cops are fighting to overtake the strikers ' positions . The paint department is at the bottom , containing the number `` 2 . ''
The workers still control the assembly-line buildings , shown by the numbers `` 3 '' and `` 4 '' .The riot cops have managed to take control of the areas `` 1 '' and `` 2 '' , which are the three circles on the lower left . On the ground level , the cops are five meters from the paint department building . At present , more than 2500 special forces police are involved in the attack .
Around 9am , 2000 scabs , who are the company loyalists wearing uniforms with armbands , were brought in to `` clean up the factory '' and in the process destroyed the strike supporters ' encampment . Around 10am , scabs marched to factory from company parking lot , then attacked the strike supporters , destroying their water and medical supplies .
And emptied out water intended for the workers occupying the factory .
Strikers , with sign saying : `` If you come in , there will be fire '' .
Photos from August 4 , 3.25 pm below.Workers ' anti-helicopter devices shown below in red circles.Scabs firing slingshots at the workers.Striker defending barricade.Cops having taken control of part of the factory.Scabs and hired thugs on the march behind heavy machinery.Workers defending their positions from roof .
Some people like to do their own DIY home residential upgrade projects . They figure it will save them a lot of time and money . You might be feeling the same way about your project . Cut out the middleman and save yourself the hassle , right ?
That is very impressive , but you still need to be careful . A lot of mistakes can be made when you make your first attempt . There are a lot of mistakes that can be made during your 6th attempt . In order to cut down on some of those mistakes , we have compiled a list of things you need to be aware of .
The Instructions
There are plenty of DIY homeowners who fail to read the instructions . They figure they can handle it on their own . Some homeowners assume that all projects are the same . They are not . The instructions are there for a reason . Read them .
You would not read instructions on how to cook a meatloaf before starting to do so , would you ? Same rules apply here . You do not know everything you think you know .
Your Skills
Some homeowners overestimate how many skills they have . There is a difference between being goal-oriented and foolish . It is okay to be ambitious , but do not be a fool . There are going to be some things you can not do . Do not attempt to prove yourself . You need to take the time to educate yourself on the things you do not understand .
You also need to know when you are in over your head . There are going to be some things you can not do . Let someone else take care of it . There is no shame in farming out some responsibilities to others . It is called delegation .
FYI
Just because you want to attempt it , that does not mean you should . Some of you might not have the skills to do a big project . It is better to know this before you start . This is something that is an “ all or nothing ” type of thing . You also need to tackle the hardest projects first . You move hard to easy . Not the other way around .
It Is Going To Be Hard
It is going to be challenging . It all depends on what project you are attempting to do . You will find yourself in a place where you will want to give up . You can not give up . No matter what happens . You will feel overwhelmed at certain places . Take a break and walk it off . You are allowed to do other things in the meantime . You need to push yourself until the project is done . You wanted to do this yourself . You need to see it through . You can always hire someone if you do n't want to do everything your self .
An Example
Horseback riding is a great example . No rider has ever learned by giving up . They get back on the horse until they have mastered their craft .
No Substitutions
There might come a time when you feel like substituting one thing for another . Some materials are supposed to be there . You should not make a substitution unless you know what you are doing . Consult an expert if you have any questions . One poor substitution can make the whole project go haywire .
Do Not Rush Anything
You need to slow down , particularly when you are a beginner . You might feel encouraged to rush , especially when the project is going so well . You do not want to do that . Experts say to double the original time listed .
Your project timeline might say it takes 2-3 hours . Take that time and double it to 6 hours . That will give you plenty of time to get it done . A rushed project looks rushed .
Remember the story of the tortoise and the hare ? The hare got arrogant . It cost them the race . The tortoise took their time and won . Would you rather be the tortoise or the hare ?
Read the Reviews
This tip is seldom mentioned and should be followed more often . Go online . Read the reviews of others who have done your project first . Find out how they did it . Find out how the project went for them . These reviews will give you insight as to how your project should go . Usually the best place to get reviews is the Great Idea Hub Website .
Do they leave contact information ? Send them a message . Ask them questions . That way you will get more inside information .
Do Not Ever Get Discouraged
Here is the deal . Some projects might fail and yours may . Do not get upset by this . Use it as a learning experience . Some projects fail to show you what you should not do . Your project will eventually become a home run . Some of you might need more time and experience than others .
Friends and family of Roger Ailes gathered Saturday in Palm Beach , Fla. , for a memorial service at which the Fox News ' founder 's son reportedly vowed to go after those who accused their father of sexual harassment and other misdeeds .
A report on the service by the website LifeZette quoted 17-year-old Zachary Ailes as vowing as part of their eulogy to clear their father 's name. “ I want all the people who betrayed my father to know that I 'm coming after them and hell is coming with me , ” according to LifeZette .
Laura Ingraham , LifeZette 's editor-in-chief , was among the 65 people who attended the service at St. Edward Roman Catholic Church , per the report . Others on hand included Fox News ' Sean Hannity , Kimberly Guilfoyle , Bill Hemmer and radio host Rush Limbaugh .
Guilfoyle hailed Ailes as a “ champion of women , ” per LifeZette . Ailes was forced out of Fox News after 20 years last July when former anchor Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him . An internal investigation at Fox News uncovered other allegations of questionable behavior by Fox News ' powerful and influential leader .
LSU defensive back Tyrann Mathieu , or more notably known as the `` Honey Badger , '' went off on an epic Twitter rant on Friday evening . Here 's how it started :
revenge is best served like steak : well done ! ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
I mean actually , well done steak is probably the worst way to serve it , so Mathieu might actually serve some terrible revenge . It did n't stop there though , as Mathieu went on to say they were the greatest .
I AM THE BEST DEFENSIVE PLAYER IN COLLEGE FOOTBALL ! bottom line as humble as i can say it ! Stop comparing me , i am a diffrent breed ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
IMMA SHOCK THE WORLD AGAIN THIS YEAR ! WRITE IT DOWN , I SAID IT TODAY JULY 13 , 2012 ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
& IM second to no one i play football it does n't matter what position i line up at i truly Ball HARD ! ask them other players can they do it — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
how about all you sports writers label me overrated till you label me the greatest ! is that a deal ? Cool ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
i never bite my tongue , ..... its called freedom of speech ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
0 TOUCHDOWNS GIVEN UP ON ME last year ! 0 ................. I do n't know what y'all call lockdown but thats fairly respected in any Db UNIT ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
y'all better get y'all mind right , i will truly be legend before you write your next article on me ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
but then again these writers ai n't down for you ! ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
where I 'm from we do n't PLAY THAT ! — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
YEAH IM SHORT ( 5 ' 9 ) 186 ! gave up 4 catches in the NATIONAL championship GAME ! anything else to lag on Haters ? ? ? ? ? ? i 'll wait — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
Self driven but y'all call it Cocky — Tyrann Mathieu ( @ TM7_Era ) July 14 , 2012
Clearly , Honey Badger do n't care .
As Revisha Martinez pondered the cost of peaches and watermelon at their local King Soopers recently , they became the last stop in a complicated food-production system that critics believe has turned healthy eating into expensive eating .
If Martinez wants each member of their household to have one peach , it 'll cost them about $ 3 .
If they choose Kraft macaroni and cheese , they can get 18 servings — with 400 calories and 580 milligrams of sodium in each — for the same price .
The reasons fresh fruits and vegetables are so pricey compared with processed food in a carton are a complicated stew of government subsidies , politics and the whims of Mother Nature .
But their combined might , say critics pushing for a change in the way money is doled out , moves us away from fruits and vegetables and toward meat , dairy products and the sugar- and sodium-loaded processed foods for which crops like corn and wheat serve as the raw ingredients .
“ We 've made the unhealthy choice the rational choice , ” said Merrick Weaver , who , as executive director of Partnership for Healthy Communities , works to improve nutrition among lower-income families in Commerce City .
Weaver was echoing Michael Pollan , whose “ The Omnivore 's Dilemma ” has become a manifesto for those trying to shift discussion about the country 's obesity epidemic to include the food-production infrastructure .
In short , “ You can buy more calories for your dollar if you buy bad foods , ” Weaver said .
A chorus of critics say that is no accident but rather the result of long-standing government policies .
Between 1995 and 2009 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture handed out $ 245 billion in subsidies to farmers — including $ 4.4 billion in Colorado .
The payments come through a variety of programs that insure against catastrophic weather , set price floors and offer incentives for growing certain crops — and not growing others .
In Colorado , like the rest of the country , the money is not distributed evenly to every farmer .
The Environmental Working Group , which opposes farm subsidies but maintains one of the only accessible databases of information about those subsidies , found that during the past 15 years , 70 percent , or $ 170 billion , of farm subsidies supported the production of five crops : corn , wheat , cotton , rice and soybeans .
Corn growers alone got $ 73.8 billion between 1995 and 2009 . But only a tiny fraction of the 13.4 billion bushels of corn that the USDA forecasts will be harvested this year will end up as yellow kernels on our plates . The biggest share will become livestock feed , with ethanol production getting the second-biggest chunk , and production of starch , corn oil and corn sweeteners not far behind .
And the fruit and vegetable growers ?
“ They do n't get direct subsidies , ” said David DeGennaro , legislative and policy analyst for the Environmental Working Group .
“ It 's always been that way , ever since the subsidies structure took shape in the '30s and '40s , ” DeGennaro said .
A tangle of factors
The answer to why farm subsidies tilt toward crops such as corn and wheat depends a bit on whom you ask . But it 's widely agreed that they started out as a way to keep farmers in business during the Depression . Since then , fruit- and vegetable-growers — who are eligible for some , but not all , USDA programs — have n't so much missed out as they have n't asked to participate .
Fruit and vegetable producers are n't unified the way corn growers are , and some even view other produce growers as competition , DeGennaro said .
Some impact of those policies was on display at the King Soopers near Martinez 's neighborhood .
Locally grown and long-awaited Western Slope peaches were on sale for 99 cents a pound . With each peach weighing roughly half a pound , it would cost about $ 3 for each Martinez family member to have one .
Not far from the produce section , Kraft macaroni and cheese mixes were bundled into six packs offering 18 servings of “ enriched macaroni product ” and cheese sauce mix , and selling for a mere $ 2.99 .
Three years ago , Susan Levin of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine — a group that , among other things , promotes a vegetarian diet — became something of a celebrity in food-system reform circles when they distributed a pair of charts under the title “ Why does a salad cost more than a Big Mac ? ”
Three years and some policy changes in the 2008 Farm Bill later , Levin believes their subsidy pyramid — with its fat bottom of meat and dairy supports and its wide midsection of grain dollars — is still largely accurate .
“ I think this explains greatly why food and the food we eat most of in this country is so cheap , ” they said .
Darrin Ihnen , president of the National Corn Growers Association , would tend to agree .
“ Our food is cheaper in this country than any place in the world , and ( farm bill programs ) keep the cost of food lower than it otherwise would be , ” Ihnen said .
But not everyone believes subsidies alone explain the cost of food in the produce aisle .
“ Commodity supports for soy and corn and wheat , etc. , are not necessarily the reason why those commodities are priced lower in the market , ” said Ray Gilmer , vice president of communications for the United Fresh Produce Association , a trade organization that represents fruit- and vegetable-growers. ” You have to look at the cost of production , ” they said .
Unlike corn and wheat , spinach and tomatoes ca n't sit in silos indefinitely , they said . Fruits and vegetables destined to be sold as fresh produce often have to be hand-picked .
Harvests are subject to weather , they pointed out . “ And a 25-pound carton of tomatoes could be $ 6 or it could be $ 20 , ” they said .
Their group has focused on gaining support for research that could help lower the costs of growing produce or fighting pests , and for programs to help growers market their product , Gilmer said .
That approach is just fine with Glenn Hirakata .
The Hirakata family has farmed in the Rocky Ford area of southeastern Colorado for four generations . This year , they are growing cantaloupes , watermelons , pumpkins and some corn .
For growing corn , they can get subsidies and crop insurance through the USDA .
Melons are a different story .
Hirakata estimates that a hailstorm early in the year wiped out 40 percent of their cantaloupes . Insurance is available , but for cantaloupe it works differently than it does for corn .
With melons , “ It 's more catastrophic insurance . You 've got to lose 50 percent of your crop , and even then they only pay you 50 percent of the price you would have gotten . ”
Still , Hirakata is n't sure they want more of the government 's strings-attached assistance . “ That 's a double-edged sword . The government can help you , but the government has got its hands in too much . ”
What they would be interested in , Hirakata said , is some way to keep , say , California melons out of Colorado grocery stores during those months when their locally grown fruit is ripe and juicy and waiting to be eaten .
In Colorado , growing corn can run about $ 650 an acre ( the state 's famous sweet corn is more , about $ 725 an acre ) , while wheat costs about $ 275 an acre to raise , said Dawn Thilmany , professor and agribusiness extension economist at Colorado State University .
Tomatoes , watermelon and cantaloupe , however , can run up tabs of between $ 1,400 and $ 1,700 an acre , they said .
They also , of course , fetch higher prices , but those prices are needed for farmers to break even , they said .
Boosting fruits , veggies
CSU is Colorado 's main conduit for a relatively new USDA block-grant program designed to help states boost production of fruits and vegetables , known in USDA-speak as specialty crops .
In the past six years , CSU has awarded research grants to 68 farmers who have studied everything from ways to improve irrigation efficiency to new fruit production methods , said Frank Stonaker , coordinator of the specialty crops program .
The program was launched with a $ 1.5 million grant .
“ More recently , the 2008 farm bill really increased funding available to specialty crops , ” Stonaker said , so he 's hopeful that money will keep flowing to produce growers .
DeGennaro , of the Environmental Working Group , said that may be because of increased attention to health and nutrition .
“ The people who write the farm bill are on the agricultural committee , and for the longest time , the rest of the House has n't given much thought to the farm bill . ”
The people who write the farm bill also tend to be from farm states , such as Iowa , Kansas and Nebraska .
The 10 states that get the greatest share of USDA farm subsidies are Texas , Iowa , Illinois , Minnesota , Nebraska , Kansas , North Dakota , Arkansas , California and South Dakota . That illustrates why sweeping change wo n't come easily , Gilmer said .
“ If you are in a state like Kansas or Nebraska and you go home and say , ‘ We 're going to change the current market supports in the farm bill ' — that 's difficult to do . ”
And so fruit and vegetable crops will , for the foreseeable future , be allotted a fraction of the money available to commodity crops , for everything from planting to marketing , said Barry Popkin , professor of nutrition at the University of North Carolina .
“ Five-a-day spends as much in a year on media as is spent in one day on those other commodities , ” said Popkin , who is author of “ The World Is Fat : The Fads , Trends , Policies , and Products That Are Fattening the Human Race . ”
They were referring to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's media campaign to encourage consumption of five servings of fruits and vegetables daily .
But in fact , if all 309 million Americans suddenly decided to live by that advice , we 'd quickly run out of fruits and vegetables .
An article in the March issue of the journal “ Health Affairs ” cited USDA data to conclude that “ the U.S. food system supplies 24 percent fewer servings per person than the five daily vegetable servings recommended for a standard 2,000 calorie diet . ”
Take out starchy vegetables like potatoes , and the shortfall starts to get serious .
“ Only half the recommended servings of dark green vegetables are available , ” the article continued .
Not to worry , said Gilmer of the produce association . If Americans suddenly started gobbling twice as many fruits and vegetables , “ growers would n't ignore that . They 'd plow up what they have and plant more tomatoes , and spinach , etc . ”
At the moment , though , if growers of wheat or corn who get subsidies suddenly switched to zucchini or lettuce , they would face financial penalty , under current subsidy rules .
No matter what happens in Washington , lawmakers probably ca n't change the nation 's food system alone .
To really change the food infrastructure , Americans might have to weather a little financial pain , Popkin said .
“ We 've created such a distorted diet that we do have to give up something and increase those prices . ”
Spending more for groceries is n't an option for people like Revisha Martinez , who feeds four kids on their father 's salary as an RTD bus driver .
“ I have to stretch every dollar , ” Martinez said . That means no meat that costs more than $ 2 a pound . It means stocking up on anything on sale . It also means fresh fruits and veggies are precious .
“ There is no doubt we would buy more if they were cheaper . My kids really do love fruits and vegetables . When we get them , it 's a big treat . ”
Karen Auge : 303-954-1733 or kauge @ denverpost.com
The federal government provides a safety net to agricultural producers that is intended to help sustain them through the vagaries of market fluctuations and uncontrollable forces , including weather .
The so-called commodity crops eligible to receive subsidies include corn , soybeans , wheat , cotton , rice , peanuts , sorghum and mohair .
There are numerous programs through which the government , via the U.S. Department of Agriculture , makes assistance available . Some of the major categories , most of which have smaller programs within them , include :
Direct payments : Created in the 1996 Farm Bill , direct payments are based on a formula involving the historic production on a given plot of land in 1986 .
Counter-cyclical payments : Payments that compensate producers when prices fall below certain thresholds .
Marketing loans : Assistance allows farmers to hold onto their crop and sell when it is most needed on the market . Otherwise farmers would likely all have to sell crops immediately , causing a temporary market glut and resulting in lower prices .
Disaster payments : Payments made to producers to offset potential losses from weather .
Crop insurance : Producers can choose a policy that compensates them for a loss in crop yields or for a decline in revenue . The policies are sold through 16 private companies . The USDA decides which crops in which regions are eligible for crop insurance . Policies are available for more than 100 crops .
Source : Environmental Working Group
Hollywood legend Cary Grant first tried LSD in 1958 in the office of Dr Mortimer Hartman , and would later claim it saved their lives
At the peak of their fame as one of Hollywood 's leading men , yet plagued with self doubt , Cary Grant discovered a new drug which changed their lives forever .
The British-born actor would soon be loudly proclaiming their love for LSD , a substance they first took as part of a controversial treatment programme at the age of 53 .
They once famously recounted that one trip left them feeling like a 'giant penis launching off the Earth like a spaceship ' .
Grant 's relationship with the drug , which they first tried in their therapist 's office in 1957 , forms the basis of a new documentary set to screen at the Cannes film festival next week .
The North By Northwest actor , remembered as one of Hollywood 's greats , is the subject of feature Becoming Cary Grant .
Focusing on the period between 1958 and 1961 , it details Grant 's life through the kaleidoscope of an estimated 100 acid sessions .
Grant , pictured in 1959 classic North By Northwest , was convinced that taking acid could help keep their insecurities at bay
The documentary features home video footage from the star , and extracts from their unpublished autobiography
Movie director Mark Kidel told The Guardian : 'He claimed they were saved by LSD . You have to remember that Cary was a private man '
Producer Nick Ware told The Guardian : 'Like all documentary makers , we started out looking at the construction of Cary Grant . But we ended up deconstructing them through the LSD sessions . '
Grant was a patient of Dr Mortimer Hartman , who diagnosed them with 'prolonged emotional detachment ' , and thought they could help cure , Vice reports .
Grant , by that time divorced three times , first tried LSD in 1958 in the doctor 's office .
Movie director Mark Kidel told The Guardian : 'He claimed they were saved by LSD . You have to remember that Cary was a private man .
'He rarely gave interviews . And yet , after taking acid , they personally contacted Good Housekeeping magazine and said : `` I want to tell the world about this . It has changed my life . Everyone 's got to take it . '' '
Born Archie Leach , Grant believed their mother had died when they were a child , only to discover when they were in their 30s that they had in fact been committed to the Bristol Lunatic Asylum by their father
The movie uses the star 's own words from their unpublished autobiography , spoken by actor Jonathan Pryce , and newly discovered personal footage they shot to reveal more about the man who was born Archibald Leach in Bristol , England , in 1904 .
Born Archie Leach , they believed their mother had died when they were a child , only to discover when they were in their 30s that they had in fact been committed to the Bristol Lunatic Asylum by their father .
Reflecting on their early exposure to LSD , Grant wrote : 'Any man who experiments with something that can not benefit himself , or add to their happiness , and that of their fellow man in turn , is a fool and a menace to society .
Grant pictured with fourth wife Dyan Cannon and daughter Jennifer . Cannon would later say they believed LSD gave them ' a path to truth and enlightenment '
' I 've heard that a man here and there died during LSD25 sessions ; but then I 've heard that men died during poker games and while watching horse racing ; but that did n't seem to stop such occupations . '
And they continued : 'In attempting to traverse the next step into progress and knowledge , men have always died .
'But there is a difference between the man who knows what he 's about with a high-powered airplane , and an idiot who puts wings on a bicycle and takes off from the edge of Niagra Falls . '
They would state that LSD brought the subconscious to the fore , and wrote they later regretted the 'ignorance ' they had previously lived in .
'The shock of each revelation brings with it an anguish of sadness for what was not known before in the wasted years of ignorance and , at the same time , an ecstasy of joy at being freed from the shackles of such ignorance , ' they wrote .
Despite being at the height of their powers , Grant would quit making movies in 1966 - the same year possessing the drug became illegal in the US .
Despite seemingly going quiet about LSD in the later years of their life , they left a sizeable sum to Dr Hartman .
The new documentary explores the Hollywood legend 's relationship with LSD
Grant , pictured in 1964 movie Father Goose alongside Leslie Caron , was an outspoken advocate for LSD , which they felt everyone should try
Their fourth wife , Dyan Cannon , recounted in 2011 : 'Cary claimed LSD offered a path to truth and enlightenment , and their tactics to persuade me to try it were rather underhand .
'On a trip to London in 1963 , we had an unexpected visitor . Cary had apparently decided that the time was right for my first `` cosmic exploration '' and I came into the sitting room of our rented house to find that their acid guru , Dr Mortimer Hartman , had been flown over from LA to guide me through it .
' '' It 's like leaping off the high dive , '' Cary told me when I complained about being ambushed in this way . `` If you take too much time to think about it , you 'll back out . '' '
You need to have a thick skin if you 're Walmart on Twitter . Last week , the retail giant sent out what seems like a pretty innocuous tweet reading , “ We are honored to employ # veterans & support them and their families in every way we can . ‘ RT ' to join us in saluting America 's heroes. ” One veteran was having none of it : “ Bullshit I put my app in and did n't even get a call back , walmart sucks a hairy asshole. ” Ouch .
In the past , Walmart would have let this tweet die with the thousands of others directed its way . Instead , its rapid-reaction social reputation SWAT team fought back with information . “ Please review our Welcome Home Commitment to learn more about opportunities & support efforts : http : //walmartcareerswithamission.com/ ”
The response is an example of how Walmart is taking a more active approach to social as way to respond to its critics , albeit selectively and not in a way that 's likely to make a difference with its hardened adversaries . The internal mantra at Walmart : No free shots . This is a shift . Up until about a year and a half ago , Walmart took a passive approach to its critics on social media . It used social as a media relations tool to push out messages when it was convenient to them .
Now , it 's looking at data to understand how to engage with certain critics on Twitter and Facebook . Last year , it conducted audience audits , looking at influencer stats , as well as who was engaging with the brand , why they were interacting , and when . The company ca n't possibly respond to all of the 60,000 social mentions it sees each day . Data lets them figure out which ones need a response — and just as importantly , which to leave alone
“ Best case scenario , we 're able to engage , share some content and change hearts and minds , ” said Chad Mitchell , Walmart 's senior director of digital communications . “ Worst case , we 're able to have an open dialogue and then move on , agreeing to disagree . ”
One of the things Walmart learned by sifting through social data was that it had to have more than one Twitter handle . It now uses seven that are focused on corporate-reputation management . Another lesson learned was that social operations needed to be divided into two teams : marketing and corporate-reputation management . The 20-person marketing team handles the main Walmart Twitter and Facebook accounts and uses them as a promotional vehicle . The other team , a gang of four , operates the seven other feeds and is in charge of non-store-related and issue-based mentions .
Think of them as Walmart 's online reputation police . There are , of course , legitimate criticisms over wages , working conditions , allegations of wrongful termination and concerns over squelching local businesses . But there are also criticisms and concerns that can be dealt with . The challenge for Mitchell and their team is to figure out which mentions should get a response .
“ When your brand is as large as Walmart 's , dividing up your Twitter presence can be a smart move , ” said Andy Beal , CEO of social media monitoring company Trackur . “ It allows Walmart to break down a massive brand into bite-size social media chunks , which allows customers to keep up to date on specific departments or topics . It also allows Walmart to build a reputation barrier around its main Twitter account . ”
For example , Mark Peeples , director of technical support at Sungard , tweeted to Walmart 's Healthy Twitter handle ( @ walmarthealthy ) , “ Suggest recall of Magnesium Citrate . Sliced fingers to the bone trying to get the top off. ” The company responded with directions to email them .
“ Those are legitimate complaints we need to respond to , ” Mitchell said . “ Social does a great job of giving people a voice . The bad part is it can be amplified . Sometimes it 's exaggerated . Walmart seems to be the subject of many great urban legends and jokes , so we need to separate what 's a legitimate complaint versus someone mouthing off . ”
According to Networked Insights , an analytics company , over the last 90 days on Twitter , 15 percent of tweets directed at all of Walmart 's user names were positive in nature ; 11 percent were negative ; the other 74 percent were neutral . While Walmart 's positive sentiment is a little lower then some of its peers , it 's pretty average when it comes to negative sentiment . For example , over the same 90-day period , Target is at 18 percent positive , 9 percent negative ; Sears : 17 percent positive , 13 percent negative ; Kmart : 16 percent positive , 6 percent negative .
“ As is true with any segment of life or brand , no matter what we do , there are those who will never like us , ” they said . “ It can stem from our business model to anything else we do , and that 's where your size and scale works against you . You can do 99 percent of your job right , but that one experience can lead a person to not like a brand . We 're trying to look for those conversations where we can insert ourselves and set the record straight . ”
Image via Shutterstock
XCOM 2 [ official site ] 's technical problems are “ the first thing we talk about about when we come in in the morning ” , claims lead designer Jake Solomon . “ We take it incredibly seriously . Me and all the leads , that 's what we work on all day and that 's what we 're committed to right now . ”
While very well-received critically , XCOM 2 has run poorly for a significant number of players , this correspondent included ( though it ran well for our reviewer Adam ) . Speaking to RPS yesterday , project lead Solomon stated that Firaxis were unaware this would be the case when they shipped the game . “ I can honestly say that we did n't know it would be this way at launch . ”
While a small hotfix , released yesterday , did not address the major framerate issues , larger fixes are “ coming soon ” . Solomon also revealed that the post-animation pauses some have criticised XCOM 2 for are being worked on .
While they did not name an exact cause for the performance issues , they did reveal that “ maybe it was our optimism about our new deferred renderer and MSAA – a lot of little things like that . ”
One of the reasons the problems were not known about prior to launch was that “ it 's not across the board , the issues are kind of myriad… sporadic. ” This is indeed the case – again , our reviewer had no serious performance problems , and quite a few of our readers say the game 's been fine for them too .
“ Maybe this is damning on me , but I 'm sitting here talking to you now on the laptop I use to play it on , ” explained Solomon , “ and I did n't see these issues . We did n't catch this stuff in compatibility testing . We 're fully , fully accountable for the product in people 's hands , so we certainly take responsibility for it . ”
“ To people who are suffering them , if they 're frustrated , I 'm as frustrated and more . We will continue to update the game , and we do have some workarounds – heck , you guys even posted some workarounds – but we definitely have fixes coming soon . ”
“ I ca n't say dates , but I would say that we 're working very furiously . We already have a lot of those issues in our sights . ”
Addressing the issue of whether the sometimes long pauses after certain events and animatinos in the game are down to bugs or a design decision , Solomon agreed that “ some , particularly the Sectoid reanimate animation , take too damn long , I totally agree . And in fact we 're going to change that . I am personally looking into that stuff right now , any gameplay pauses . Camera pauses after kills and stuff like that , I am evaluating all those things to make sure that 's not egregious .
“ And that stuff 's on me . I do a lot of the camera rules in terms of it moving and staying and pausing and so on . Taking into account the flyovers and making sure the player has all the context they need for their actions . If things can be sped up they certainly will . ”
Our full interview with Jake Solomon , in which they also discuss the thinking behind the game 's divisive difficulty , the tactical intricacies of the game and the legacy of the original X-COM series , will be published soon .
For more on XCOM 2 , visit our XCOM 2 guide hub .
Detroit BBQ Company 's Tim Idzikowki is in hot water again after a remark regarding the killing of two New York cops on Saturday . The debacle began with a post by Idzikowski seen below . An individual responded to their post , a screen shot was taken , and thus a social media storm began .
According to a post by Idzikowski on their Facebook page , in the aftermath of their original comments a local Detroit cop allegedly viewed the message and then published their phone number to a forum . Since then , the Idzikowski says their phone has been flooded with threatening phone calls . Likewise , over the last 24 hours the Detroit BBQ Company 's Facebook page has received over 50 negative reviews .
This morning , the Detroit BBQ Company owner took to their Facebook page to address the issue :
`` I recently made a post on my personal facebook page regarding the execution of two NYPD officers . To be 100 % clear , the senseless murder of two police officers is terrible and not something I would ever condone . ''
Idzikowski is no stranger to social media feuds . Last summer , they attacked RE BBQ on Facebook for allegedly stealing a photo of their barbecue .
Update : The Detroit BBQ Company 's Facebook page has mysteriously disappeared .
Update : The Detroit Police Officers Association union is considering calling for a boycott of the Detroit BBQ Company . [ The Detroit News ]
Update : Kuhnhenn Brewing Company , which regularly hosts the Detroit BBQ Company , released this statement on Facebook :
`` Dear fans and supporters . Detroit BBQ Company will not be providing food here onsite at the brewery for the time being . Please remember that we are businesses independent of one another . Beyond that , we have no official statement at this time . Thank you for your understanding . ''
Update : Metro Times blogger Michael Jackman offers their analysis on today 's Detroit BBQ debacle .
Update : Tim Idzikowski responded to public reactions with a tearful apology tonight on Channel 7 .
Eater Video : American Barbecue Styles Explained | Subscribe to Eater on YouTube
Shelby Chau / September 27 , 2017
If you watched the sequel to 2014 's Kingsman : The Secret Service this past weekend , you may have helped to push It out of the top spot at the box office . Kingsman : The Golden Circle from 20th Century Fox played in 4,003 theater locations and took in an estimated $ 39 million , good enough to overtake It in the No . 1 spot . And while it was projected to hit the $ 40 million mark , it 's still better than the $ 36.2 million opening from its predecessor .
While on paper it may be a good sign , reception of the film shows a more rounded view of its status . While “ Secret Service ” was rated at 74 % on Rotten Tomatoes , “ The Golden Circle ” fell behind with only a 51 % rating . It still received a B+ rating on CinemaScore from audiences , if that helps .
To finish the weekend in the top five , “ Mother ! ” courtesy of Jennifer Lawrence and “ Home Again ” from Reese Witherspoon both ended up with $ 3.2 million , good enough for a 5th place tie . In fourth place was “ American Assassin ” which for its second weekend , earned a respectable $ 6.25 million . It has earned $ 26.2 million over its first 10-day period . Coming in third place was “ The Lego Ninjago Movie. ” With a budget of $ 70 million , Warner Bros. projected an opening around $ 27-32 million , however , it fell flat and only earned $ 21.2 million in its debut weekend .
And , of course , in second place was the R-Rated horror film “ It ” still putting up good numbers . Now in its third weekend , it earned $ 30 million and brings the total for the film up to $ 266 million .
`` Worzel felt the telltale prickling at the back of their neck ; their domain was being challenged ! It 's someone old , they thought . Someone I know ... Thornil ! It had been a long time since they had challenged them Quickly , they called their vassals into action . They would need much more mana for this duel , much indeed . ''
-- From the Alpha Rulebook
From the get go , Magic has been intended as a game that works as both an exercise in strategy and as a voyage into a fantastical land where two wizards duel for supremacy . Many cards in the game are designed around flavor , called top-down design - the designers think up a cool concept or idea , and the card mechanics are designed around the flavor .
Q : Can my opponent do something that does n't make sense , such as casting both and on theirs ?
A : Yes , these effects are magical , after all .
-- Also from the Alpha Rulebook
What a prehistoric example of Ask the Judge ! Could you imagine Sheldon getting a question like this today ? Actually , I 'm sure they do get questions like this - '' How can you Terror a Wall ? How can you cast on ? How can be enchanted by ? It makes no sense ! '' It shows how mindful Richard Garfield was of the flavor of the game from Magic 's inception .
After reading the updated rules carefully , you 'll note that Summon Legend cards are no longer Restricted . Yes , you may now construct a sanctioned tournament deck with four General Jarkeld cards therein ! However , the rule pertaining to only one individual Summon Legend card title in play at any one time is still effective ( so there can be only one General Jarkeld card in play at a time ) . Originally , these cards were restricted not because of their power , but to enhance the atmosphere of the game environment when Legends was widely available . That limited expansion is , as you know , now out of print , and Summon Legend cards are not seen as frequently in tournaments , and we agreed that restriction was no longer necessary .
-Marc '' Sparky '' Schmalz ( I did not make that name up ) , rules team announcement October 1995 .
When legends ( the creature type ) were originally introduced , they were all considered restricted cards . I remember playing my Red/Black/Blue deck back in the day , and wishing I could run multiple copies of and . The rules of the game , inspired by the flavor of the game , were that you could only have one Sol'Kanar in your deck ! Thankfully this rule was changed the next year , and you can safely play four copies of Sol'Kanar in your modern decks , which will ensure you get disqualified from your next block constructed tournament .
There has been one snag with the Legends rule in recent years , and one that could use some addressing . I 'm about to propose a simple change , but one that makes a lot of sense and would aid R & D in their quest to make truly inspired cards which test the skill of all players of Magic . But first , a little story .
`` Ben looked around the murky mire . They had been trudging through the swamps for days , and had finally arrived at Castle Hoefling . Would the lord of the manor , Darth Junior , be there to accept their challenge . 'Surely they will challenge me ' Ben thought to himself , rapping a giant brass knocker against the solid oak doors .
Ben stood there in silence , until muffled footsteps could be heard behind the castle doors . With a slow creak , they opened . There , in their StarCityGames.com polo shirt , stood the dark lord himself .
'BLEIIIII-WEISS ! ' , they bellowed , rubbing the sleep out of their eyes , 'it 's 3am . You better have a damn good reason for waking me up this time of the morning . '
'Oh , but I do Pete - I 'm here to challenge you to a duel ! '
With that , Ben snapped their fingers . From the sky swooped the Ascendant Evincar himself , Crovax .
'Crovax and I will beat you down , and I will own your business , your woman , and your dad '
Pete seemed unimpressed . 'First of all , Crystal would kick your ass . Second of all , my dad would kick your ass . Third of all , I 'm going to kick your ass ! ' Pete jumped into position , and clapped . Out of the darkness of their house came Crovax the Cursed .
'Wait a second , ' said Crovax to Crovax . 'If you 're me and I 'm me , how can we both be here at the same time ? Is this some trick ? '
'Hold on a second , ' Ben cut in , taking a rulebook out of their back pocket . They quickly flipped through it . 'Nope , according to Wizards code G12.9b , as long as you two do n't have the same name , then we 're all good for this rumble . '
'But we 're both Crovax ! ' the twin Crovaxes bellowed in agony . Ben seemed unmoved , and contemplated how to solve this situation , as Pete took advantage and called forth Ertai , the Corrupted !
'Ah ha Bleiweiss ! Who has the upper hand now ? ' Ben shrugged , and pulled out their cell phone . `` Hey Ertai , we got an emergency here . Can you come on down ? 5623 Williamson Road ? Yeah thanks . Yeah , I know it 's 3 am . Yeah , I know . I know . Yeah . Look , I 'll get you the money next Tuesday . Just get down here , ok ? '
And in a flash , Ertai , the Corrupted appeared - and promptly dropped dead .
'Oops , wrong number . Sorry about that ! ' Ben blushed , and quickly hit speed dial . 'Hey Ertai . Yeah , sorry about that . Yeah , I did n't mean to kill future mutated you . Yeah look , can you get down here ? Please ? I promise not to let you die immediately . Seriously . '
A few minutes later , Ertai , Wizard Adept showed up at Pete 's porch . By then , Pete had summoned both Kamahl , Fist of Krosa and Kamahl , Pit Fighter to their side . 'Ah Ha , Bleiweiss ! The Kamahl advantage is mine ! '
'Well then , I 'll just get Jeska and Phage here , ' Ben countered , summoning the femme fatales . 'Wait , is n't Phage Jeska a few years later ? ' ' I think so , but they do n't have the same name so I can have them here . ' Just then , Ertai the Corrupted showed up again , and promptly fell dead of a heart attack a second time . 'DAMMIT ! ' yelled both Ertai the Corrupted and Ertai , Wizard Adept . 'That 's twice we 've died tonight . '
As Ben and Ertai and Jeska and Phage and Crovax were getting ready to square off against Pete and Ertai and Kamahl and Kamahl and Crovax , Crystal came out of the house , obviously pissed . 'Look , you guys talk about Magic all day at work . You guys talk about Magic when we go out to dinner . You talk about Magic on road trips . If you 're going to * * * * ing wake me the * * * * up at * * * * ing 3am in the * * * * ing morning and talk about mother * * * * ing Magic , I 'm divorcing you ( pointing to Pete ) and making them ( pointing to Ben ) be your new roommate ! '
'Oh no ! ' yelled Pete . 'Do n't make me live with Ben . I 'll be good dear . I 'm sorry ! '
And with that the door closed and the duel was over .
'Hey Crovax , do you think you could help me lug these Ertais off Pete 's lawn ? '
True events from an undetermined date .
Okay , maybe I 'm exaggerating just a wee bit . My point is well taken though - it 's pretty odd that you can have a copy of two different Kamahls in play at the same time , but that you ca n't have two copies of the same Kamahl in play . By the same token , creature type summon Legend has a meaning in Magic just like summon Wall - the creature type has rules associations that transcend just being a creature type . Creature - Goblin and Creature - Human Wizard do n't have any rules aside from being of a creature type . Creature - Wall means that creature ca n't attack , and Creature - Legend means that there can only be one copy of that creature in play at any time . Now that multiple versions of different Legends exist , this rule seems antiquated .
And easily fixed .
The fix is simply in complexity , but has long reaching and positive implications for the game - change the Legends rule so that each player can have one copy of any given Legend in play at any given time . This will benefit the game on multiple levels :
Flavor : As above , it 's already strange that you can have two different Kamahls in play at the same time . You could explain this by saying that each player can reach into the time stream and summon different iterations of these legends from different periods of their lives . Why not just let each player summon their own ? If Kamahl , Fist of Krosa and can exist side by side , why should n't each player be able to have a Kamahl , Fist of Krosa ?
Rules : But why should you stop at only allowing one copy of each named Legend in play if you 're going to say each player can have their own Kamahl , FOK in play ? Because Summon - Legend should still mean something . Just as the rule arbitrarily says now that there can only be one , the rules can just as easily say that there can only be one ... on each side .
Design : R & D , this paragraph is for you . Legends are supposed to be the most powerful creatures in the game of Magic . They represent historic figures , heroes , villains , and artifacts of extreme power . Unfortunately , many legends have to be toned down in power , because of their very uniqueness - it is a very real concern that games not come down to who can get their legend into play first , if only one person can play any given legend . One of the biggest problems with was n't that Lin Sivvi was too good - it was that in a metagame centered around rebels , it was unfair to have games decided on who could get their Lin Sivvi into play first .
This creates a design environment where legends must be intentionally weakened . If one were too good , then games would come down to the Lin Sivvi scenario above . This is completely counterintuitive to the flavor of legends - to represent the best of the best in the Magic multiverse ! Mirri is n't just a cat Warrior . Crovax is n't just another Vampire . Glissa is n't a Llanowar Elf , and Bosh is n't quite like any other golem . These guys are good , but they are n't really awe inspiring .
By changing the Legends rule to allow one copy of each legend in play on each side , you free up a ton of design space to make legendary creatures more powerful than they have been in the past . This would reflect well on their flavor , and would also make legends much more skill testing than they are now . The question then does not become '' who can get their legend into play first '' but '' how many copies of this card do I play when I effectively could be caught with multiple dead copies in my hand once I get the first into play ? '' This would make for more deck building choices , higher levels of skill in play , and less frustration to newer/casual players , who inevitably put a second copy of their opponent 's legend into play , only to learn that theirs has to be buried .
Give it a thought , okay ?
McDonald 's announced Monday that it raked in $ 1.5 billion in profits in the third quarter , up 5 percent from last year .
The number is strikingly close to the $ 1.2 billion taxpayers are shelling out each year to help pay public assistance to the McDonald 's workforce , according to a report released last week by the National Employment Law Project .
The echoing numbers are simply a coincidence , but underscore the immense profits that the chain continues to pull in while its workers simply struggle to afford food , medical help and housing . The public assistance McDonald 's workers receive comes via food stamps , welfare , Medicaid and other federal programs , according to the NELP report .
In a statement to The Huffington Post , McDonald 's emphasized that workers get training and the opportunity for career advancement . The company also said that its franchisees pay competitive wages that are based on `` local wage laws . ''
Those wages are stunningly low . Frontline fast-food workers make a median wage of $ 8.94 an hour , according to a recent Reuters report . `` Fast-food workers work only 24 hours a week on average — at $ 8.94 an hour , this adds up to barely $ 11,000 a year , '' wrote Christine Owens for Reuters in August .
With wages that low , front-line fast food workers are more than twice as likely as the typical worker to participate in a government assistance program , according to the NELP report :
The National Restaurant Association , an industry trade group , last week labeled the NELP report , and the data on which it was based , “ misleading , '' since they `` fail to recognize that the majority of lower-wage employees works part-time to supplement a family income . ''
There 's ample evidence that an increasing number of workers primarily rely on fast-food wages . Roughly one-quarter of fast-food workers are raising a child , and approximately 70 percent are adults between the ages of 20 and 64 , according to the left-leaning Center for Economic and Policy Research .
While there 's been a dearth of so-called middle-class jobs since the recession ended , the fast food industry 's been hiring . Since the recession ended , almost 70 percent of all jobs created have been in historically low-wage sectors like fast food .
Defenders of the fast food industry point out that many chains heavily rely on franchisees working on small margins to turn a profit , which makes any potential wage increase difficult .
But altogether , the fast food industry is annually costing American taxpayers nearly $ 7 billion , while taking in hundreds of billions year after year :
Infographic by Alissa Scheller for the Huffington Post
Audiokinetic has been leading interactive audio innovation for over 10 years . Along with its trailblazing studio partners , Audiokinetic began building its Wwise spatial audio pipeline very early on . Wwise offers solutions from ambisonics and early reflections to third party binaural plug-ins , and more . So , whether you are working on interactive or linear spatial audio projects , in gaming or other sectors , Wwise is the audio technology you can rely on for truly immersive experiences .
Wwise Spatial Audio is a family of built-in spatial audio features complemented by in-house and 3rd party plug-ins that seamlessly integrate with the Wwise production workflow . Wwise Spatial Audio specializes in sound propagation , virtual acoustics , and spatially informed audio rendering . As a continuing research field at Audiokinetic , many new spatial audio features , plug-ins , and partnerships can be expected in the coming years .
Featured AR/VR projects
There are currently 500+ Virtual Reality projects shipped or in development using Wwise !
Hundreds of happy AR/VR customers , including
Learn more
Bobby Jindal
Republican presidential candidate Louisiana Gov . Bobby Jindal speaks during the Values Voter Summit , held by the Family Research Council Action , Friday , Sept. 25 , 2015 , in Washington . ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana )
( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana )
The ACLU of Louisiana on Tuesday ( Nov. 17 ) joined a chorus of critics lambasting Gov . Bobby Jindal 's executive order banning Syrian refugees from Louisiana . `` Jindal 's executive order is simply wrong in all particulars , '' Executive Director Marjorie Esman said .
`` It incorrectly blames the victims of terrorist violence for their own plight and falsely suggests that welcoming Syrian refugees would put the people of Louisiana at risk . The order also violates United States law , the Louisiana Constitution , as well as the values on which our country was founded : It is unconstitutional to bar an entire group of people entry to Louisiana based on their race , religion or nationality . ''
Jindal is among 27 governors - 26 Republicans and one Democrat - who have announced since Friday 's terrorist attacks in Paris that they do n't want Syrian civil war refugees in their states . They cited a potential threat to Louisiana . The Islamic State group , which controls parts of Syrian , has claimed responsibility for the Paris attacks .
Having trouble keeping your smartphone charged throughout the day ? Designer Tsung Chih-Hsien has created a Red Dot Design Award-winning concept for a tiny cardboard capsule that could juice up your phone . It 's called the Mini Power . You just choose how much battery time you need–two , four , or six hours–plug it in , then recycle it later .
Tsung 's biodegradable design , which they also envision being purchased at convenience stores , eschews the plastic of most disposable batteries , which not only makes the case a little more environmentally friendly , but also saves on packaging . Since each Mini Power battery can just be broken off a perforated sheet , you could potentially buy them in bulk that way .
Disposable smartphone batteries are n't a new idea . They 're especially prominent in Asia . Japanese convenience stores , for example , have been selling disposable batteries by the truckload for years . But these batteries tend to be environmentally unfriendly , not just because of the lithium-ion batteries inside them , but because they come in plastic casings .
There 's still the problem of the tiny battery inside each capsule , but Tsung imagines it would be recycled at the same convenience store you bought your Mini Power from . Drop one off , pick up a new one ; rinse and repeat .
Disposable smartphone batteries are never going to be as good of an option as an external , rechargeable battery pack , but as Tsung 's elegant concept shows , good design can do a lot to strip many of their evils away , while making them more attractive to consumers to boot .
[ h/t : Design Taxi ]
House Speaker Paul Ryan told fellow Republican lawmakers Monday they will not defend Donald Trump and will focus only on maintaining GOP control of both houses of Congress .
But the House speaker has not pulled their endorsement of Trump , a Ryan spokesperson told NBC News .
`` The speaker is going to spend the next month focused entirely on protecting our congressional majorities , '' they said .
Ryan hinted that they may think the presidential race is out of reach for Trump , telling lawmakers on a call that they want to ensure Democrat Hillary Clinton does not get a blank check with Congress , according to NBC News . They said representatives need to do what is best in their districts .
Their decision follows outrage over a leaked 2005 video that shows the GOP presidential nominee crudely joking about groping women without consent . Following the video 's release on Friday , numerous Republican lawmakers said they would not back Trump , though Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have not explicitly rescinded their support . Ryan previously pulled Trump 's invitation to a campaign event in Wisconsin over the weekend .
A Trump campaign spokesperson said in a tweet that `` nothing 's changed '' after the call , saying `` a grassroots movement , not Washington '' has powered Trump 's campaign .
Clinton 's campaign responded Monday by tweeting that `` Ryan is still endorsing Trump . ''
The fallout from the leaked video fueled speculation that the Republican Party could pull back on resources to help elect Trump , instead focusing on keeping congressional majorities . Association with Trump could be seen as toxic for some Republicans in tight congressional races .
But Trump 's frequent and aggressive appeals in Sunday night 's debate to the supporters who fueled their unlikely political rise only complicated matters for candidates who want to keep their distance from him .
The Democratic Party has a chance of taking control of the Senate on Nov. 8 , but the GOP is expected to maintain its majority in the House .
— NBC News contributed to this report .
Today we are launching code.nasa.gov , the latest member of the open NASA web family . Through this website , we will continue , unify , and expand NASA 's open source activities . The site will serve to surface existing projects , provide a forum for discussing projects and processes , and guide internal and external groups in open development , release , and contribution .
In our initial release , we are focusing on providing a home for the current state of open source at the Agency . This includes guidance on how to engage the open source process , points of contact , and a directory of existing projects . By elucidating the process , we hope to lower the barriers to building open technology in partnership with the public .
Phase two will concentrate on providing a robust forum for ongoing discussion of open source concepts , policies , and projects at the Agency . In our third phase , we will turn to the tools and mechanisms development projects generally need to be successful , such as distributed version control , issue tracking , continuous integration , documentation , communication , and planning/management . During this phase , we will create and host a tool , service , and process chain to further lower the burden to going open .
Ultimately , our goal is to create a highly visible community hub that will imbue open concepts into the formulation stages of new hardware and software projects , and help to exist projects transition to open modes of development and operation . We are going to need your help to get there ! Please use “ Share your Ideas , ” comment on this post , or email us at opNo spam , please.engov @ nasa.gov to let us know how code can help you , where you would like to see the site go , and how we might best fulfill our purpose .
We believe that tomorrow 's space and science systems will be built in the open , and that code.nasa.gov will play a big part in getting us there . Will your code someday escape our solar system or land on an alien planet ? We 're working to make it happen , and with your help , it will .
MS Paint , one of the evergreens of Windows could be singing its swan song .
Microsoft has indicated that MS Paint , which has been a part of every Windows release since 1985 , is on the way out . The company will put the rudimentary graphics program on the chopping block with the release of this fall 's Windows 10 Creators Update .
While Paint wo n't be removed from the build , Microsoft has listed it as “ depreciated , ” which means the program is “ not in active development and might be removed in future releases . ”
The company seems to hope that the new Paint 3D tool , released as part of the April Creators Update , will take the original 's place . Fans , though , are not so happy about the news .
Wait , did they seriously do that ? Why ? MS Paint is how you get kids to learn how to use a mouse . — Pillow ( @ CounterPillow ) July 24 , 2017
I still have a folder full of my MS Paint stuff from 100 years ago . It 's the one thing I 've made sure to keep across countless hard drives~ — Infernal Monkey 🐵 ( @ infernal_monkey ) July 24 , 2017
Nooooooo ! ! ! ! Paint is so easy to use , it 's great for basic editing . What do I use instead ? @ Microsoft & do n't try to sell me fancy software https : //t.co/6TQMlcknZ4 — Jenny Kay ( @ JennyKayNZ ) July 24 , 2017
In fairness , Paint was never an especially slick tool , but it is useful for quick screenshots and cropping . And the Internet has made an endless stream of really bad drawings with it , some of which inevitably went viral on sites like Reddit .
But it was a constant—always handy when you needed it—and simple enough for anyone to figure it out . So , if this is farewell MS Paint , thanks for the memes , the rudimentary usefulness , and the memories .
And say hi to Clippy for us in the digital afterlife .
When President Donald Trump 's eldest son met with a Russian lawyer in June 2016 after being promised “ information that would incriminate ” Trump 's election opponent Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump Jr. suggested that a U.S. law the lawyer was lobbying against could be reconsidered if Trump became president , according to the lawyer , Natalia Veselnitskaya .
“ The meeting was a failure ; none of us understood what the point of it had been , ” they told Bloomberg in an interview on Monday , referring to the meeting that Trump Jr. initially claimed was about the Magnitsky Act , which Congress passed in 2012 to punish Russian officials for human rights abuses .
“ Looking ahead , if we come to power , we can return to this issue and think what to do about it , '' Trump Jr. said during the meeting , according to Veselnitskaya . “ I understand our side may have messed up , but it 'll take a long time to get to the bottom of it . ”
Veselnitskaya also claimed that they wanted “ financial documents showing that money that allegedly evaded U.S. taxes had gone to Clinton 's campaign , ” according to Bloomberg . But they said that they did not have them .
Alan Futerfas , Trump Jr. 's lawyer , said they had no comment on Bloomberg 's story .
The June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower , which The New York Times uncovered this summer , has drawn close scrutiny from the multiple investigations into whether Trump 's campaign colluded with Russia last year .
Trump Jr. took the meeting , which was also attended by Trump 's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner and then-campaign chairperson Paul Manafort , after being told that the information on Clinton was “ part of Russia and its government 's support for Mr. Trump , '' according to emails they released in response to the Times ' reporting .
“ If it is what you say , I love it , ” they replied in an email to music publicist Rob Goldstone , who arranged the meeting through one of their clients , Russian pop star Emin Agalarov .
Trump Jr. 's explanation for the meeting repeatedly changed . They initially claimed that it concerned adoptions , referring to the Russian government banning Americans from adopting Russian children , in retaliation for the Magnitsky Act .
Filming up women 's skirts is ruled legal Law does n't ban voyeurism in public , Supreme Court says
Jolene Jang was standing at an ice-cream booth at the Bite of Seattle festival two summers ago , unaware that a man had secretly lowered their video camera so they could film up their dress .
When they found out , they felt violated and hoped he 'd go to prison . They became more leery of others . Now she 's appalled that Richard Sorrells , the man found guilty of voyeurism for doing it , is no longer guilty of anything .
On Thursday , the state Supreme Court ruled that filming up women 's skirts , though `` disgusting and reprehensible , '' is n't actually against the law .
`` I think that 's ridiculous , '' said Jang , now 28 , who lives in the Seattle area . `` I feel a little bit vulnerable about it being known that it 's OK . ''
The high court unanimously agreed the state 's voyeurism law `` does not apply to actions taken in purely public places . ''
It overturned the convictions of Sorrells and another man , Sean Glas , who was accused of taking photographs under women 's skirts at a Yakima County shopping mall .
Sorrells already served their two-month sentence in King County Jail . They were court-ordered to undergo treatment for sexual deviancy and `` intends to remain in treatment '' even though it 's no longer required of him , according to their attorney , Ken Sharaga .
Sharaga said the court 's decision was correct -- it was what they argued last year , when they unsuccessfully tried to get the case dismissed .
`` A citizen has to be warned by clear language in a statute that particular conduct is a crime in order to be punished as a criminal , '' they said . `` Something can be wrong and offensive and still not be a crime . ''
The state 's voyeurism law protects people who are in a place where they `` would have a reasonable expectation of privacy '' -- meaning the person could expect to be able to undress in seclusion or `` be safe from hostile intrusion or surveillance . ''
But the court found the law does n't apply to filming people in a public place , even if it 's underneath their clothes .
`` It is the physical location of the person that is ultimately at issue , not the part of the person 's body , '' Judge Bobbe Bridge wrote .
The court , which also upheld Washington 's voyeurism law as constitutional , noted that other states have had similar frustrations .
Two years ago , California changed its law to include a broader range of voyeuristic behavior .
In Washington state , Sen. Jeri Costa , D-Marysville , has for two years pushed a bill that would make it illegal to secretly film someone `` under or through the clothing . '' They said yesterday that they hoped the court 's decision would be `` an impetus to make this a higher priority . ''
Sen. Adam Kline , D-Seattle , said they now plan to introduce a bill `` unabashedly plagiarizing '' California 's law . They expect it to pass easily .
`` Allowing that behavior to go unpunished is not what anyone in the Legislature has in mind , '' they said .
King County Prosecutor 's Office spokesperson Dan Donohoe agreed that Sorrells ' behavior was `` conduct that should be covered '' by the voyeurism statute .
Sorrells was arrested in July 2000 after Jang told police they caught them reaching into their purse at the Bite of Seattle . Jang said they and others chased him , and their boyfriend tackled him .
Sorrells wanted police to know they are n't a pickpocket .
`` I did not have my hand in their purse . I was holding my camera so I could videotape up their dress , '' they told them . `` I 'm not a thief -- I 'm a peeping Tom . ''
Investigators say they later examined the tape from the man 's camera and found numerous images of women and girls at the crowded Seattle festival . Many were pictures of underwear shot while the camera was on the ground .
In the other case decided yesterday , Glas was arrested for taking pictures up the skirts of two women at a Union Gap mall in April 1999 , according to court documents . The women -- one working at Sears , the other at a cart in the mall -- caught them crouching next to them as they snapped photographs using a flash .
Police said Glas planned to sell the pictures to an Internet Web site that focuses on fetishes .
But the Supreme Court ruled that the mall , too , is a public place where `` the voyeurism statute , as written , does not prohibit 'upskirt ' photography . ''
Since I rebooted Models Workshop I have been itching to do an article on brushes and a guide to buying brushes . What 's stopped me ? A current embargo in place on Kolinsky sable-hair brushes by the Fish and Wildlife Service . An embargo that has stopped the import of fine art brushes made by Winsor and Newton , DaVinci , and Raphael .
Factoid : Kolinsky sable fur is in fact not sable at all . The sable is the Martes zibellina , part of the Marten species . But I guess Kolinsky Sable brushes sounds better then Kolinsky Weasel Butt-fur brushes .
First let 's meet the Kolinsky ( Mustela sibirica ) otherwise known as the kolonok , which is a medium sized weasel from Siberia and Asia .
This beauty is where all of the Kolinsky Sable brushes come from . Specifically the tail hair . For high-end brushes , such as the Winsor and Newton Series 7 , Raphael 8404 , and DaVinci Maestro series it is harvested from the tail hair of the male winter coat . I am not going to get into brush making 101 but that is the basics of it .
So the embargo is in place because in certain regions this animal has been deemed as threatened . It is on the CITES Appendix III because of this . The real mix up is coming from hair sent to Europe from China without proper documentation showing exactly where the hair was harvested making it compliant with CITES treaties .
What does this mean to us ? Basically we are waiting for the paperwork and red tape to get cleared away to allow the import of these brushes back into the United States . Some websites , such as Dick Blick are reporting a restocking date of 6/30 , but who knows if this is legit , or wishful thinking . I , for one ca n't wait until then because I would like to order a size 4 brush and I have a lot of friends waiting to buy some , either as a first time buyer or to replace older brushes .
So until then we are all sitting around waiting . At least they are still being made in Europe because I fear a massive rush from not only modelers but water color artists as well when they finally come in . Let 's hope this gets cleared up in quick order !
Remember you can also find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TheModelsWorkshop and also reach us by typing miniature.tips in the address bar .
March 6 , 2015 4 min read
Being an entrepreneur is often an uphill battle . Confronting unforeseen obstacles and finding solutions is what you sign up for when you decide to open a business .
That said , you do n't want to be Don Quixote , either . Starting a business in an industry that is dying or facing extreme international competition is like fighting those windmills . And there is n't much money to be made in windmill fighting .
Related : The Fall of a Franchise : Blockbuster and 5 Other Chains That Went Bust
In that vein , market research firm IBISWorld has ranked the industries that are expected to see the highest percentage of U.S. businesses close in the next five years .
In some cases , the closures are a result of changing consumer behavior and evolving technology . In this era of Netflix and Redbox , for example , people are n't driving to movie rental storefronts like they used to . Some of the industries on the list are losing ground to foreign competition . For instance , China is manufacturing solar panels at a much lower cost that the U.S. , putting stateside manufacturers virtually out of business .
Related : 10 Promising Startups Poised to Change the Way You Live , Work and Play
Here is a snapshot of the eight industries expected to hemorrhage the largest percentage of businesses between now and 2020 , according to IBISWorld . Sectors are ranked from the highest percentage of business closures expected to the lowest .
Related : The Companies That Apply for the Most Patents and Trademarks ( Infographic )
Very few Americans will say outright that they support neo-Nazism , white nationalism or the so-called alt right . But that does n't mean they do n't express support for some of the same racially-charged ideas and attitudes that such extremists espouse . A new poll conducted by Reuters and Ipsos with the University of Virginia Center for Politics in the aftermath of the Charlottesville rallies found what it called “ troubling racial attitudes . ”
The poll was conducted from August 21 to September 5 , in the weeks following a “ Unite the Right ” rally , white supremacist marches and counter-protests on the University of Virginia campus and in downtown Charlottesville . Clashes broke out , and the scene took an even more violent turn when a car slammed into counter-protesters , killing Heather Heyer and injuring at least 19 others . Most questions in the poll were asked of a large group of 5,360 respondents .
Charlottesville rally More
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Only six percent of respondents said they strongly or somewhat supported the alt-right , while eight percent said the same of white nationalism and just four percent of neo-Nazism . In the case of the alt-right and white nationalism , a staggering one-fifth said they neither support nor oppose the groups . As President Donald Trump found out when they failed to unequivocally condemn the same groups , middling responses can be interpreted as support .
“ Let 's remember , there are nearly 250 million adults in the United States , so even small percentages likely represent the beliefs of many millions of Americans , ” Larry J. Sabato , director of the University of Virginia Center of Politics , is quoted as saying .
About 70 percent of respondents strongly agreed that people of different races should be “ free to live wherever they choose ” and that “ all races are equal , ” and 89 percent agreed that all races should be treated equally . At the same time , 31 percent of respondents said they strongly or somewhat agreed that the country needs to “ protect and preserve its White European heritage , ” while 34 percent strongly or somewhat disagreed and 29 percent said they neither agreed nor disagreed . Nearly a third of respondents failed to express support of interracial marriage—with 16 percent agreeing outright that “ marriage should only be allowed between two people of the same race , ” 14 percent neither agreeing nor disagreeing and four percent saying they did n't know .
The poll also revealed disparities in which groups Americans believe are “ under attack. ” More than a third—39 percent—of respondents strongly or somewhat agreed with the statement that “ white people are currently under attack in this country. ” There were significant differences in responses depending on race and political affiliation—29 percent of white respondents disagreed with the statement compared to 54 percent of non-white respondents , while 21 percent of Democrats agreed compared to 63 percent of Republicans . Conversely , 55 percent of respondents strongly or somewhat agreed with the statement that “ racial minorities are currently under attack in this country , ” with just 13 percent of racial minorities disagreeing and 27 percent of white respondents disagreeing .
Published : 1st May 2014
The former Motor City has come to epitomise urban decline in recent years . But it is now discovering a different kind of growth , led by its citizens and their love of place , as Dan Gilmartin and Sarah Craft report Detroit is known to the world as a poster child of industrial decline . Finding articles on the Motor City 's challenges is all too easy . But there 's much more to Detroit than the stories of dramatic loss of auto-industry jobs , crime , race relations , significant population decline , home foreclosures , criminal mismanagement and challenged schools . Behind these negative headlines is a story of perseverance . It 's a story of passionate people . It 's a story of innovation . When Detroiters have a problem , they do n't often wait for government intervention . Instead , they organise neighbours and solve the problem themselves . It 's the passion that people have for the city of Detroit that makes it great . People say we 're … ( To read the full article , subscribe below )
The only way to become a Freemason is to ask a Freemason
To be one , ASK one . This process is as old as the fraternity itself and ensures that the individual seeking the degrees is doing so of their desire and will .
If you do n't know a Freemason to ask , you may contact the Grand Lodge of Freemasonry that governs your state for a referral to a local lodge and complete the loop of being introduced to a Freemason to ask . Many of the lodges in many of the states hold Open Houses so as to provide opportunities for those local to the lodge to come out and meet the local lodge membership .
Qualifications to become a Freemason
Every applicant must advocate their belief in the existence of a Supreme Being .
The mission of Freemasonry is to promote a way of life that binds like minded men into a worldwide Brotherhood that transcends all religious , ethnic , cultural , social and educational differences ; by teaching the great principles of Brotherly Love , Relief , and Truth : and , by the outward expression of these , through its fellowship , its compassion and its concern , to find ways in which each may serve their God , their family , their country , their neighbors and himself . ”
This list is true for “ most ” states ” and as such there may be some variations .
Keep in mind , Masons do not solicit for members , the decision to become a Mason is your own .
If you are seeking Membership YOU MUST ASK a Mason or a Masonic Lodge for an application .
You must be a man at least 21 ( 18 in some jurisdictions ) years of age .
You must be of good moral character .
You must have a personal belief in a Supreme Being ( the definition of a Supreme Being is up to you )
You must be a Resident of your state for 12 months ( in most cases ) .
You must decide to become a Mason of “ your own free will and accord ”
You will need to express your personal interest in joining the Fraternity .
You must be loyal to your country .
You must be dedicated to providing for your family
You must have a sincere determination to conduct yourself in a manner that will earn the respect and trust of others and possess a desire to help others through community service and universal benevolence .
You must be willing to sign a Petition , stating your age , occupation and place of residence .
There are NO religious , political or racial restrictions for membership other than the asupervisorstioned belief in a Supreme Being , as any discussion of religion or politics is strictly forbidden in a Masonic Lodge .
Admission is decided by ballot . To be accepted , the ballot must be unanimous .
To petition a lodge , the first step is to find one close to you , which you can do here by selecting the Grand Lodge in your state and following their contact information . Once you have selected a lodge ( or several ) reach out and make contact . This is particularly important if you do not know a member of that lodge . Reach out and contact the lodge secretary who would be happy to speak to you about upcoming activities and/or open houses .
What Is Freemasonry ? | Who Are Freemasons ? | What Does Freemasonry Do ?
2B1Ask1
The Family of Freemasonry
Join Freemasonry
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Email
Print
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
ONE Direction singer Harry Styles was floored at their Scots gig after a shoe hit them in their groin .
The singer had been answering questions from Twitter after the band sang Last First Kiss when they were caught out by the flying missile .
They had managed to catch the first one and looked puzzled as they held it aloft for the audience to see . They said : “ It 's a shoe . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A split second later another was thrown directly at their crotch and managed to catch him , making them bend over double in pain .
Harry fell to the floor bent double as their concerned bandmates looked on and Liam tried to speak to him .
They rose looking a bit flustered and lost their place when they were asked to answer a question .
Seeing that they were lost bandmate Liam said : “ Well they have just been assaulted . ”
After regaining their composure Harry managed to smile and wave to the audience .
President Donald Trump insists they will still get their wall built imminently and will seek money for the structure in the new spending bill this fall . | Getty Congress strikes budget deal that shortchanges Trump The bill does n't include money for the border wall or block funds for ‘ sanctuary cities . '
Congressional leaders have reached a deal on a $ 1 trillion spending bill that would fund the government at updated levels through the end of September but deny President Donald Trump wins on their border wall plans and their crackdown on `` sanctuary cities . ''
The bipartisan deal struck Sunday night would increase defense spending and provide $ 1.5 billion in new border security spending aimed at repairing existing infrastructure and increasing technology , though it would not allocate any new funding for a border wall with Mexico despite the president 's insistence . Under the plan , Congress would provide $ 15 billion in supplemental funding requested by Trump to fight terrorism , with $ 2.5 billion of that contingent on the White House presenting Congress with a plan to fight the Islamic State .
Story Continued Below
The bill clocks in at more than 1,600 pages , and Congress must pass it before Friday evening to avert a shutdown . It is likely to pass easily because it contains key boosts to defense and domestic programs viewed by leaders in both parties as vastly preferable to another stopgap measure . House Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen ( R-N.J. ) said it is `` the result of over a year 's worth of careful and dedicated efforts to closely examine federal programs to make the best possible use of every tax dollar . ''
“ This agreement is a good agreement for the American people and takes the threat of a government shutdown off the table . The bill ensures taxpayer dollars are n't used to fund an ineffective border wall , excludes poison-pill riders , and increases investments in programs that the middle-class relies on , like medical research , education and infrastructure , '' said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) .
The legislation would permanently extend expiring health insurance benefits to coal miners , a major priority of senators from Appalachia . It would provide $ 2 billion in new spending for the National Institutes of Health , including a down payment on former President Barack Obama 's cancer `` moonshot . ''
Under the plan , Congress would also deliver $ 8.1 billion in emergency and disaster relief funding , including money to aid California , West Virginia , Louisiana and North Carolina and fight wildfires , as well as new investments in fighting the opioid epidemic .
Congress was forced to pass a stopgap , weeklong funding measure last Friday to avoid a government shutdown as the two parties sparred over the GOP 's attempts to repeal Obamacare , as well as Puerto Rico 's beleaguered Medicaid system .
The legislation delivers wins to both parties , though Republicans and Democrats also had to compromise on some key issues . The Trump administration had demanded that the bill include a down payment on a physical barrier along the Southern border , as well as a rider blocking so-called sanctuary cities from getting new grant funding . The White House received neither but did garner significant new investments in border security .
Trump insists they will still get their wall built imminently and will seek money for the structure in the new spending bill this fall . Democrats say it will be no easier for them to obtain their funding then .
At Monday 's White House briefing , press secretary Sean Spicer said the president `` got a lot out of this bill , '' citing the increase in defense spending and money for border security , and tried to portray it as a win for the administration despite the lack of funding for Trump 's wall . Trump will also look to advance their agenda in the fall and through the 2018 budget , they said .
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
`` Because the last Congress did n't do this under President Obama , we have an opportunity to get some of the president 's priorities infused for the last five months of 2017 , '' Spicer said . `` That 's a big step forward . And something that they will continue to fight for in 2018 when the fiscal year starts , the end of September , we will have an opportunity to really infuse the president 's priorities . But I think there 's a lot there . ''
Democrats were seeking a permanent commitment to funding Obamacare 's subsidies for low-income Americans ' insurance as well as more money to fill Puerto Rico 's Medicaid coffers . Instead , the Trump administration is only indefinitely funding the Obamacare subsidies , and Puerto Rico 's Medicaid solution mostly relies on redistributing existing accounts .
Democrats also fended off riders they view as anti-environmental and anti-abortion .
Jennifer Scholtes and Madeline Conway contributed to this report .
Between shopping miscalculations and an abundance of produce from my CSA , I was overwhelmed with greens last week , so I decided to make a simple version of saag , a classic Indian dish made with cooked , pureed beet greens and spinach .
This recipe can be made with a single type of leafy green such as mustard greens , swiss chard or spinach , or any combination of greens . If you use several different greens in the recipe , just be sure to consider the difference in cooking times . For example , beet greens take longer to cook than baby spinach , so I added the beet greens to the pot first , waited for them to cook , and then added the baby spinach a few minutes later . Cooking the greens in stages is also helpful because depending on the size of your pot , you may need to wait for some of the greens to wilt before there 's room to add more .
Given the mass of greens that goes into this recipe , you may be surprised about how much the final dish yields . But keep in mind that the flavors are concentrated and a little goes a long way .
This is a relatively mild version of saag , calling for a small amount of cayenne . You can always increase the cayenne , or add fresh chiles to the recipe when you first saute the onions , depending on your taste for heat .
Consider preparing this dish a few hours or a day in advance , as the longer it sits , the better it gets !
You can serve this as part of a traditional Indian meal with other curries and breads . Or , I simply enjoyed this with brown rice , tossing in a few chickpeas to make a quick lunch .
Indian Spiced Beet Greens and Spinach ( Saag ) Print Cook time 30 mins Total time 30 mins Author : Homemade Levity Recipe type : Main Dishes , Veggie Sides Cuisine : Indian Ingredients 1 T canola oil
1 yellow onion , diced
1 c tomato , chopped
2 garlic cloves , chopped
2 T cumin seeds
1 T turmeric
2 lbs fresh leafy greens ( I used half beet greens and half baby spinach )
1 t ground cumin
½ t salt
⅛ t cayenne
1 T fresh lemon juice Instructions In a large stockpot , heat oil . Add onion , tomato , garlic , cumin seeds and turmeric and saute until onions are softened and translucent , about 5 minutes . Stir in handfuls of greens , mixing between each addition to coat all ingredients . ( Add heartier greens like mustard or beet greens first , waiting for them to wilt , before adding quicker cooking ones ) . When all greens are wilted and cooked through , transfer mixture to a food processor . Process until well-integrated but still slightly chunky . Return greens to stockpot . Over low heat , stir in ground cumin , salt , cayenne and fresh lemon juice . Cook an additional 5 minutes and remove from heat . Wordpress Recipe Plugin by EasyRecipe 3.2.1251
Share it ! Pinterest Tumblr email
Hidden Archives is a joint project between Wargaming and Bovington Tank Museum , aimed at identifying combat vehicles displayed on original photographs that have never been seen before . The selection of photographs is vast and includes military vehicles ranging from before World War I through to the 21st Century . As a result , cataloguing the pictures and identifying the vehicles is a considerable undertaking indeed . This is where you can help !
Lend us your expertise and have a chance to see some really unique material – your involvement is crucial to carrying out this truly great , historical initiative .
Important : Please remember that the project is still undergoing testing . Therefore , you may encounter some minor bugs and glitches . If you happen to experience any irregularities , please make sure to report them on our forum .
How to get involved
Participating in the project is very easy and does n't require any registration or particular set of skills ( apart from an exquisite knowledge of military history and combat vehicles , of course ) .
Please note that the archive 's interface is in English only .
You can join the initiative by logging in with your Wargaming EU Account ID on the project 's website . You will then be able to take a short test that aims to get you acquainted with the User Interface and its mechanics , as well as assesses your knowledge . If you pass this test , you will get access to the archive containing thousands of never-before-seen pictures .
As asupervisorstioned , participation is very easy . The archive has a simple and intuitive interface that looks almost like a browser-game or a quiz : you will be shown a picture from the archive and you will be asked to identify the vehicle it displays . To do so , you will be given either a multiple-choice tool or a list of vehicle names . Once you have assigned a name to the vehicle , you will be shown another picture , and so on .
Rewards
Other than the satisfaction of contributing to an historical archive , we 're also offering some in-game rewards for World of Tanks . The top 100 contributors will receive in-game prizes , ranging from Premium Account and Gold to Premium Tanks ! If you 're not lucky enough to make the leaderboard straight away , do n't be disheartened - the rankings will be updated and rewards distributed atregular intervals . Also , the rankings will be available on the forums .
Rank Reward 1 - 10 T-34-85M , Soviet Tier VI Premium medium tank + Garage Slot 11 - 20 30 days Premium Account 21 - 50 1,250+ 7 days Premium Account 51 - 75 1,250 76 - 100 7 days Premium Account
For further information or to discuss the project with other members , please visit the official forum thread :
Join the project and help us preserve history , Commanders !
A top Clearwire ( CLWR ) shareholder is waging a proxy war in an effort to stop Sprint 's proposed takeover of the troubled wireless provider , AllThingsD reported . Sprint ( S ) is looking to acquire Clearwire for $ 2.97 per share , however Crest Financial , Clearwire 's largest minority shareholder , believes the offer undervalues the company and its spectrum . The Houston-based investment company hired a proxy solicitation firm last month to help it fight the deal , and also sued Clearwire and its board for breaching their fiduciary duties .
“ The filing of Crest 's proxy statement is the next step in our ongoing effort to block Sprint 's unfair merger offer and we are optimistic that we can do so , ” Crest General Counsel David Schumacher said in a statement . “ We look forward to the SEC clearing our preliminary proxy statement so that we can begin educating Clearwire shareholders in earnest about the disadvantages of the Sprint offer and the alternative future for Clearwire and its valuable trove of wireless spectrum . ”
In addition to its filing , Crest has asked the Federal Communications Commission to block the proposed takeover . The firm believes that “ it would be better for Clearwire to remain a stand-alone company , ” while at the same time “ examining opportunities to consummate alternative transactions , ” rather than accepting Sprint 's bid .
Like other blood-splattered shows with high body counts , The Walking Dead consistently demonstrates that balancing talky character-building moments with character-destroying bouts of violence is key to the show 's survival . But , just how reliant is the series on spilling the blood of its core cast for the sake of viewership ?
Just like the shambling masses of walkers that stalk the broken and battered survivors , the show 's viewership numbers thrive on the demise of major characters , with droves of Walking Dead fans returning every week following any key character death . However , this trend bafflingly excludes the passing of Tyreese Williams , the strong and selfless fan-favorite who met their maker in the middle of the long-running show 's fifth season . ( Click to enlarge ) :
Two episodes are tied for the dubious honor of creating the biggest jump in viewership following a main character 's death . The self-sacrifice of Andrea in the third season finale posted an increase of 3.71 million viewers from that episode to the fourth season 's premiere , and the eighth episode of the fourth season , which featured the killings of the mild-mannered Hershel and the reviled Governor , created the same 3.71 million viewer bumps by bloodshed . Tyreese 's noble demise stands as the sole exception to the rule , with 3.38 million fewer viewers revisiting the remaining survivors sans-Tyreese the following week .
With the second half of The Walking Dead 's sixth season commencing this Sunday , will another beloved character bite the dust and boost the number of eyeballs glued to the next episode ? Judging by the tension-filled first four minutes of the mid-season premiere , that may be a strong possibility .
Correction : A previous version of this infographic mislabeled Sophia 's position . We regret the error , which has been corrected .
Pau Gasol will become a free agent in the offseason and has not ruled out a return to the Memphis Grizzlies among what will be many options for the veteran power forward .
“ It 's appealing , ” Pau Gasol said . “ One of the best centers in the NBA , one of the best interior players , is my brother . There are a lot of attractive factors there . But who knows if that 's even a possibility or if that will ever happen . Right now , I 'm just trying to focus on ( the Lakers ' opponents ) and staying healthy and playing a very successful year so this team and others will have the certainty and the confidence that I am a difference maker , that I am an elite player and I have a lot of years in me . ”
Gasol 's brother , Marc , was an NBA All-Star in 2012 . Pau Gasol spent their first six and a half seasons with the Grizzlies .
“ If there are possibilities of being in a place that has those type of chances , it 's something I will think about , ” Gasol said . “ But , again , I 'm not in that position yet . I 'm here . We 're just kind of guessing here . We 'll see . We 'll cross the bridge when I get there . No rush . ”
Subaru 's 2017 Forester SUV scores Consumer Reports ' top 10 picks as “ Best Cars of the Year ” . In the hotly-contested small SUV segment , it beats a number of popular vehicles like the Toyota RAV4 , Honda CR-V , Ford Escape , Nissan Rogue and Mazda CX-5 . But the Subaru brand drops in their overall rating because two of their vehicles are now rated only average .
In Consumer Reports ' annual analysis of auto brands , Subaru drops in ranking , but stays in the top five of all automakers . They say Subaru 's stable of all-wheel-drive vehicles still exhibits a high-level performance across their entire lineup .
Audi takes the top position for the second year in a row , in their 2017 analysis of which car brands make the best vehicles , followed by Porsche , BMW , Lexus , and Subaru . These are the same top five as last year , but Porsche and BMW moved up , and Lexus and Subaru moved down . Two Subaru vehicles are now rated only average .
Legacy and Outback drop to average
CR says Subaru dropped from second to fifth place , “ because the previously very reliable ” Legacy sedan and Outback wagon are now rated only average according to Consumer Reports . Also in their analysis they say the WRX and WRX STI performance sedans dropped to below average . But Forester is at the top .
In the Small SUV category , Forester was rated high in reliability ( how trouble-free the new vehicle will be based on actual problems reported by subscribers in their 2016 auto survey ) , and owner satisfaction ( based on the percentage of surveyed owners who say that if they had to do it all over again , they would definitely buy the same car ) .
In the road test , the 2017 Forester scored an 85 , indicating it did well in the more than 50 evaluations conducted at CR 's 327-acre Auto Test Center . Evaluations range from instrumented track tests to assessments of comfort and convenience while in daily use by the CR staff . CR also says the Forester wins the top Small SUV category because of its “ relatively roomy packaging , fuel efficiency , solid reliability , and easy access . ”
While the Legacy and Outback drop to average , Subaru 's 2017 Forester SUV is tops in the Small SUV category according to Consumer Reports . They score it one of the 10 Best Cars of the Year .
Photo credit : Subaru
The U.S. Navy wants to increase the anti-air warfare capabilities of the future frigate and is looking at having more than the current two hull designs for consideration , according to several media reports .
The new plans would break away from previous ones that included simply up-gunning and up-sizing the two littoral combat ship designs currently being inducted into the navy .
A newly established frigate requirements evaluation team will examine current plans for a frigatized LCS with added anti-surface and anti-submarine capabilities , and consider how to include anti-air firepower into the designs .
In addition to improved armament , the U.S. Navy will be evaluating a greater number of hull designs , in addition to the current Lockheed Martin and Austal designs used for littoral combat ships .
The plans were first reported by Defense News who wrote that a draft document pointed to plans of doubling the number of Block 2 Evolved Seasparrow Missiles from eight to 16 , or incorporate a Mark 41 vertical launch system with at least eight Standard Missile-2s .
“ We see an opportunity to increase our AAW ( anti-air warfare ) capability , which falls under the category of lethality , within a reasonable trade space for our future frigate , ” Defense News quoted secretary of the Navy Sean Stackley as saying .
Both Austal and Lockheed Martin , the two companies previously asked to provide designs for the future frigate , have worked out their designs around the frigatized LCS versions and it now remains to be seen how they will adapt to the revised requirements .
Extending marriage to same-sex couples in Texas would generate an estimated $ 181.6 million in spending to the state 's economy and generate over 1,500 new jobs over three years , according to a new study .
Researchers at the Williams Institute , an independent think tank at UCLA 's School of Law , estimates that — based on 2010 U.S. Census data — 46,401 same-sex couples live in Texas . Of those couples , the Institute estimates that 50 percent ( 23,209 couples ) would choose to marry in the first three years , a pattern that has been observed in Massachusetts and elsewhere .
Over 14,848 marriages would occur in the first year alone , and bring up to $ 116 million in revenue to the state of Texas that year .
“ This study confirms that all Texans benefit from marriage for same-sex couples , not just the LGBT community , ” said study author , M.V . Lee Badgett ;
Other key findings from the report issued Wednesday include :
The total spending on wedding arrangements and tourism by resident same-sex couples and their guests would add an estimated $ 181.6 million to the state and local economy of Texas over the course of three years , with a $ 116 million boost in the first year alone .
Article continues below The economic boost would add $ 14.8 million in sales tax revenue to state and local coffers .
Spending related to same-sex couples ' wedding ceremonies and celebrations could generate up to 1,570 full- and part-time jobs in the state .
A federal judge declared Texas ' same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional on February 26 , issuing a preliminary injunction . The state said it would appeal the ruling to the 5th U.S . Circuit Court in New Orleans , but has not yet done so .
This Story Filed Under
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Illusionist David Copperfield 's Manhattan rooftop swimming pool did a disappearing act — but it was n't a trick . The pool atop Copperfield 's East 57th Street penthouse spontaneously burst and flooded their apartment , seeping into others as far as 30 stories below .
Copperfield 's lawyer , Ted Blumberg , confirmed that a pump for the 57th-floor lap pool malfunctioned , sending water gushing through Copperfield 's four-story , greenhouse-like penthouse at the Galleria that is packed with valuable art and antiques , including vintage arcade pieces from Coney Island .
The water leaked to apartments down to the 20th floor , knocking out the tony tower 's elevators for more than a day following the March 8 flood . Copperfield was in Las Vegas at the time , where they perform a nightly MGM Grand show .
Blumberg said , “ The pump malfunctioned , and the entire pool drained through David 's apartment and apartments below , right to the basement . Walls and floors were completely soaked .
“ David was terrified , because they have these rare , vintage Coney Island machines , which are priceless , irreplaceable antiques , including a fortune teller , strength testers , an electric shock machine and shooting galleries . But for some unknown reason — or stroke of luck — these machines were spared by the water . There 's a magic trick called ‘ The Bullet Catch , ' where the illusionist catches the bullet in their teeth , and David thinks they really dodged a bullet here . ”
Blumberg added that workers have removed the wallpaper and carpets from Copperfield 's home , which were “ completely destroyed , ” but much of their art was salvageable .
Asked if they expect lawsuits from neighbors , or the building , Blumberg said , “ The insurance company has been notified . This is New York City , so nothing would surprise us . The pool will be refilled , but first we have to make sure that there are fail-safe measures put into place to make sure this does n't happen again . ”
Copperfield bought the 8,000-square-foot pad at 117 E. 57th St. in 1997 for $ 7.4 million .
Pizza Brain is an American pizza culture museum and pizzeria , and home to the world 's largest collection of pizza memorabilia and collectibles , [ 1 ] headquartered in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia , United States , with the flagship restaurant on Frankford Avenue .
History [ edit ]
In May 2010 , Kensington-based artist Brian Dwyer , along with Christopher Powell , organized `` Give Pizza Chance '' —Philadelphia 's first pizza-based art show—in which pizza served as muse for more than 25 artists who displayed their work at a local gallery . [ 2 ] Inspired by the show 's success , Dwyer became fascinated with the communal and seemingly boundless reach of pizza , seeking out more pizza-related memorabilia , with the intention of turning the pizza art exhibit into a yearly occurrence .
In December 2010 , Dwyer connected with Michael Carter , Joseph Hunter and Ryan Anderson via Circle of Hope , a brother in Christ church located in the Fishtown and East Kensington sections of Philadelphia . [ 3 ] Carter , a business executive , left academic publishing to make meaningful investments in the renewal of their hometown . [ 4 ] Hunter , a pizzaioli recently transplanted from South Carolina to Philadelphia , sought a venue where pizza could bring communities together. , [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Anderson , a master carpenter worked on craft projects at the nexus of art and utility .
In January 2011 , the four formed a business to turn Dwyer 's pizza art show into a business model- a pizzeria & museum where members of the community could connect and celebrate a common love of pizza . [ 7 ] Together they curated the world 's largest collection of pizza related items , earning a Guinness World Record in summer 2011 . [ 8 ]
On September 7 , 2012 , Pizza Brain opened its doors to the public . ( The company 's name comes from the frequent misspelling of Dwyer 's first name , in which the ' a ' and the ' i ' are transposed to spell 'Brain. ' ) . [ 9 ]
Guinness World Record [ edit ]
Guinness officially adjudicated Pizza Brain 's collection before the company formed as an LLC . On July 31 , 2011 Guinness World Records under individual category and Dwyer 's name , Guinness certified the collection as `` the world 's largest collection of pizza-related items '' . [ 10 ]
Pizza Brain 's Museum of Pizza Culture [ edit ]
Pizza Brain 's Guinness-certified collection is the core of its Museum of Pizza Culture , which is increasingly recognized as a food museum. , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] Today , the collection ranges from the familiar ( toys , puzzles , magazine ads , comic books , etc . ) to the absurd - including a stainless-steel pizza cutter shaped like the USS Enterprise , a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pizza Drop plinko arcade game circa 1990 , an original Spanish poster print of the film Do the Right Thing and more than 150 vinyl 45s and LPs spanning 6 decades honoring pizza in song and lyric .
Pre-open Press [ edit ]
In December 2010 , Dwyer met Joe Hunter , a pizza chef hailing from South Carolina interested in opening a community-minded pizzeria in their adopted home of Philadelphia . The following month in January 2011 , business person Michael Carter and master carpenter Ryan Anderson teamed up with Brian and Joe . Hunter immediately set to work on Pizza Brain 's unique pie concepts and flavor profiles . [ 14 ] Carter provided curatorial direction to Dwyer 's collection and developed the business ' strategic model , including its emphasis on content-rich social media . Anderson applied their considerable carpentry talents to the design of Pizza Brain 's physical space , making creative use of reclaimed and found materials . [ 15 ] Dwyer continued to head sourcing of interesting pizza-related items to place on the company 's Facebook , Tumblr and Instagram accounts . Collaboratively , the quartet turned an art show into the Pizza Brain museum and restaurant concept : a place that serves delicious artisan pies in a museum-like space that captures and commemorates pizza as a cultural icon .
A cascade of additional articles followed as the Museum of Pizza Culture concept gained notoriety , including Zagat , [ 16 ] The Huffington Post , [ 17 ] The Philadelphia Inquirer , [ 18 ] Fox News , [ 19 ] Food Network Magazine , Metro , [ 20 ] Laughing Squid , [ 21 ] and the magazine for Australia 's national airline Qantas . [ 22 ]
NPR 's All Things Considered also covered the story , [ 23 ] as well as TV outlets like NBC 10 , [ 24 ] and Good Morning Sacramento . [ 25 ]
In September 2012 , The New York Times , [ 26 ] Associated Press , [ 27 ] Condé Nast Traveler , [ 28 ] USA Today , [ 29 ] TIME , [ 30 ] BBC Travel [ 31 ] and The Guardian [ 32 ] all profiled Pizza Brain during its opening month , garnering further national and international attention .
On September 26 , 2012 , CBS This Morning [ 33 ] aired a nationally televised news feature on the museum/restaurant , resulting in Pizza Brain being selected as a topic of discussion on Jeopardy ! 's Twitter account . [ 34 ]
Post-open Press [ edit ]
Pizza Brain earned its first foodie award before it opened . The Guinness record and enthusiasm for its grand opening led to partner Dwyer being awarded the title of `` Phoodie of the Year '' from Philebrity.com , [ 35 ] closely beating out candidates ? uestlove , Iron Chef America star Michael Solomonov , Philadelphia foodwriter and Green Aisle Grocery owner Adam Erace , and Tom McCusker aka 'Honest Tom ' of Honest Tom 's Tacos .
Post-opening , under the direction of head chef Joe Hunter , Pizza Brain has established itself as one of Philadelphia 's best pizza shops . It has received local , national and international recognition , for its creative pizza pies .
Notable awards , reviews and lists include : 3 `` Philadelphia Magazine '' `` Best of Philly '' awards [ 36 ] Business Insider 's Best Pizza in Every State , [ 37 ] Zagat 's 10 Killer Slices of Pizza in Philly [ 38 ] Nylon Magazine 's 15 Best Pizza Slices in America , [ 39 ] The Daily Meal 's 10 Best Pepperoni Pizzas In America [ 40 ] and Food Network 's 50 Top Pizza Deliveries from Coast to Coast . [ 41 ]
Notable national exposure since opening include : ABC 's The Chew , Travel Channel 's Food Paradise , The Cooking Channel 's Pizza Cuz
Notable international press : Argentina 's Resto Del Mundo , Brasil 's O Mundo Segundo Los Brasileiros and Uruguay 's Plan de Vuelo
See also [ edit ]
U.S. Special Operations Forces members inspect a drone used by Islamic State militants to drop explosives on Iraqi forces , in Mosul on Jan. 25 . ( Muhammad Hamed/Reuters )
Late last month , a pair of Islamic State fighters in desert camouflage climbed to the top of a river bluff in northern Iraq to demonstrate an important new weapon : a small drone , about six feet wide with swept wings and a small bomb tucked in its fuselage .
The two men launched the slender machine and took videos from a second , smaller drone that shadowed its movements . The aircraft glided over the besieged city of Mosul , swooped close to an Iraqi army outpost and dropped its bomb , scattering Iraqi troops with a small blast that left one figure sprawled on the ground , apparently dead or wounded .
The incident was among dozens in recent weeks in a rapidly accelerating campaign of armed drone strikes by the Islamic State in northern Iraq . The terrorist group last month formally announced the establishment of a new “ Unmanned Aircraft of the Mujahideen ” unit , a fleet of ­modified drones equipped with bombs , and claimed that its drones had killed or wounded 39 Iraqi soldiers in a single week .
“ A new source of horror for the apostates ! ” the group 's official al-Naba newsletter declared .
While the casualty claim is almost certainly exaggerated , U.S. officials confirm that the terrorist group appears to have crossed a threshold with its use of unmanned aircraft . Two years after the Islamic State first used commercially purchased drones to conduct surveillance , the militants are showing a growing ambition to use the technology to kill enemies , U.S. officials and terrorism experts say .
( Joby Warrick , Jason Aldag/The Washington Post )
The threat to troops is serious enough to prompt U.S. and Iraqi commanders to issue warnings to soldiers near the front lines . But a far bigger worry , U.S. officials say , is the potential for future attacks against civilians . Islamist militants have long discussed the possibility of using drones as remote-controlled missiles that can deliver explosives or even unconventional weapons such as deadly nerve agents . In recent weeks , the notion of terrorist drones has moved a step closer to reality , terrorism experts say .
“ They 're now showing that these devices can be effective on the battlefield , ” said Steven Stalinsky , executive director of the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) , a Washington nonprofit group that analyzed dozens of incidents for a new report on Islamist militant groups ' use of drones . “ With the way these groups use social media , my worry is that they 're also putting the idea into people 's heads that this is something you can now do . ”
[ Islamist militants gleeful over Trump 's travel ban ]
To be sure , the lightweight , relatively inexpensive drones in the militants ' fleet are nowhere close to matching the sophistication and lethal power of the Predators and Reapers used by the U.S. military . The drones displayed by the Islamic State are too small to carry heavy bombs and rockets , and they lack the guidance systems used by U.S. pilots to steer missiles toward their targets . Still , even a small bomb , such as the three-pound mortar shells typically used against Iraqi government troops , can have an effective blast radius of 30 to 45 feet , enough to kill or injure dozens of people if dropped in a crowded area .
Pentagon officials say the drones have scant military significance and will not affect the Iraqi government 's timetable for recapturing Mosul , the northern city that fell to the Islamic State in 2014 .
“ Although dangerous , and effective as a propaganda tactic , it has limited operational effect on the battlefield and will not change the outcome , ” Air Force Col. John L. Dorrian , spokesperson for the U.S.-led coalition opposing the Islamic State , said at a news briefing last week .
But a second Pentagon official acknowledged that coalition troops had been forced to take countermeasures against drones — steps that include early-detection systems and electronic jamming — while also stepping up the search for factories and staging areas where the aircraft are being readied for use on the battlefield .
An Iraqi officer inspects a drone belonging to Islamic State militants in Mosul on Jan. 28 . ( Khalid Mohammed/AP )
“ The coalition takes this threat seriously , ” said the official , who insisted on anonymity in discussing the military 's response to the new threat .
Small start , big ambitions
As recently as a decade ago , drones were the province of a few advanced industrialized countries , with the United States as the pioneer and lead practitioner in the use of unmanned aerial vehicles to target and kill suspected terrorists overseas . Today , dozens of countries , including Israel , China and Iran , manufacture and operate military-grade UAVs .
At the same time , a rapidly growing commercial drone industry has made the technology available to private consumers almost anywhere in the world . Online shoppers can pick from hundreds of models , from ­sparrow-size “ nano ” drones that can be controlled from a smartphone to larger aircraft that cost thousands of dollars and can carry small payloads .
The sudden availability of cheap , remote-controlled flying machines did not escape the ­notice of terrorists groups . The Islamic State is only the latest in a long line of militant organizations that have acquired drones and attempted to modify them for their own purposes . The Iranian-backed group Hezbollah has repeatedly used drones to probe Israel 's air defenses , and the group released video last summer that appeared to show a drone dropping Chinese-made bomblets on Syrian rebels .
Al-Qaeda operatives in Pakistan commissioned an avionics engineer to build small attack drones and conducted at least one successful test flight before the program was discovered by police in 2013 .
There have also been plots ­involving drones by lone-wolf ­actors in the United States . In 2011 , a physics graduate and ­model hobbyist from Massachusetts was accused of planning to launch small drones with bombs against the Pentagon and the Capitol , according to an FBI affidavit .
The Islamic State 's efforts have been comparatively crude . In ­August 2014 , the terrorist group began using drones to gather battlefield intelligence and to document the effects of suicide bombings , often broadcasting the videos online to bolster morale , according to the report by ­MEMRI . Occasionally the group would strap an explosive onto a small drone and try to land it near a military outpost , as happened in October when a booby-trapped toy aircraft exploded as Kurdish fighters were examining it near the northern Iraqi city of Irbil .
[ Islamic State seeks to turn children into weapons ]
Terrorist leaders last year put out appeals for scientists and engineers to travel to Iraq and Syria to work on weapons programs , including drones . In March , a group of pro-Islamic State technicians used the social-media platform Telegram to discuss how common engine parts might be adapted for use in missiles or in military-style attack drones , according to a transcript of the discussion provided by MEMRI .
“ What does success look like ? ” asked one of the participants , using a nickname but describing themselves as an American with a microelectronics background . “ Are we talking about an actual guided missile or a drone which can drop payload ? ”
‘ A lot more surprises '
At least a few technical experts appear to have responded to the call . When government troops recaptured the Iraqi provincial capital of Ramadi last year , they discovered a small workshop where workers were attempting to manufacture drone parts from scratch . Photographs from inside the facility show homemade wings and fuselage parts as well as electronics , camera controllers and gyro sensors used to control flight , according to an analysis by Conflict Armament Research , a London-based nonprofit group that investigates weapons trafficking .
Similar factories built to modify commercial UAVs have been found in liberated parts of Mosul in the past few weeks , all pointing to an “ increasing use by ISIS of weaponized drones , ” said James Bevan , executive director of Conflict Armament Research , using an acronym for the Islamic State .
Bevan 's analysts found that the group initially favored small ­helicopter-like drones with four rotors and sufficient heft to carry a small bomb — usually a mortar shell or similar device with stabilizing fins and a point-detonating fuse built to explode on impact . But some of the more recent attacks have involved fixed-wing drones of uncertain origin , U.S. officials said .
When Iraqi troops captured drone facilities in Mosul earlier this year , they discovered scores of documents detailing an elaborate procurement system for purchasing the aircraft and parts , as well as extensive procedures for altering and testing the equipment . The records “ speak to the group 's efforts to secure , modify and enhance the range and performance of its drones , ” said a report by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point , N.Y. , which published some of the documents .
[ Files show some Islamic State recruits are refusing to fight ]
When the siege of Mosul began in the fall , Islamic State fighters stepped up their use of small surveillance drones to gather intelligence and showcase their efforts to defend the city , producing mini-documentaries with aerial footage of successful suicide attacks on Iraqi troops .
The shift to weaponized drone attacks began late last year and was ramping up dramatically at the time of the group 's formal announcement of the program on Jan. 24 .
“ The army of the Islamic State has revealed its use of the unmanned aircraft weapon for the first time , ” the group 's al-Naba newsletter said . It described an “ aerial bombardment ” of Iraqi forces around Mosul and said that “ most of the hits were precise , and inflicted losses in the ranks of the apostates . ”
Since then , the group 's social-media pages have carried dozens of videos showing strikes using small bombs and rockets . Not all the bombs find their targets , but the drone attacks have become a daily threat for residents in some parts of liberated eastern Mosul , Iraqi news accounts show .
Iraqi troops also have been forced to scan the skies for tiny aircraft and to take cover when they appear . Videos released by the Islamic State show multiple instances in which bombs were dropped close enough to Iraqi troop positions to cause injuries . Some of the footage appears to show wounded figures on the ground after the attacks , although there has been no official confirmation from Iraq of the terrorists ' claim of dozens killed and wounded .
Regardless of the actual numbers , the campaign appears to have raised the spirits of some of the group 's supporters . The Jan. 24 announcement triggered euphoric discussions on social-media platforms used by Islamist militant groups , as well as predictions that armed drones would soon be deployed elsewhere . One Feb. 3 post on the Telegram messaging site called the early attacks “ a drop in the sea . ”
“ The coming days will reveal a lot more , Allah permitting , ” the post said , according to a translation provided by the SITE Intelligence Group , a private company that monitors militant websites . “ After the planes , there are still a lot more surprises . ”
Read more :
[ How a U.S. team uses Facebook to peel away Islamic State recruits ]
[ Why a German soccer star had to choose between faith and a sports career ]
[ Syria has quietly executed thousands in Assad 's prisons , report says ]
Bookstore to include UC Davis-branded selfie chair , Amazon center , extended art supply section
The newly renovated bookstore at the Memorial Union ( MU ) is slated to have a soft opening on June 6 in anticipation of the grand opening at the beginning of Fall Quarter .
The soft opening will give full access to the store and the new Amazon center . The temporary bookstore set up at the ARC Pavilion closed on May 13 in preparation for the opening of the new MU bookstore .
Improvements to the bookstore include additional space , improved structural integrity and an updated interior design . The store will also have an Amazon location that will be fully staffed and provide a space for students to order , pickup or return Amazon purchases .
The upstairs portion of the bookstore will feature UC Davis apparel , the boutique area , the Amazon store , books from campus authors , UC Davis-pressed olive oil , a new seating area with charging stations for students and a new snack line called Aggie Snacks , which will consist of UC Davis-branded snacks such as trail mix , crackers and candy .
“ The boutique [ is ] going to have a lot of fun items : items that are blue and gold , unimprinted clothing , lots of branded jewelry and Kate Spade [ items ] , ” said Carol Swafford , the project manager , in an email interview .
The bookstore will also sell Smashbox beauty products in addition to the Clinique line already sold at the store in order to provide students with more variety . The beauty products will be located in the new boutique area .
“ I went to go visit Oklahoma State this year and Smashbox is just killing it there . So the more that we looked into Smashbox , the more we had to go with them , ” Swafford said . “ We 're not ready to give up our relationship with Clinique , so we 'll do both . But we 're doing Clinique on a smaller scale than we used to . ”
UC Davis store partnered up with the college apparel company League to make a new UC Davis clothing line , which will feature new designs and softer shirts . League also made an exclusive chair and lamp that will be showcased in the bookstore . It is one of only two League chairs in the country , with the other chair at Arizona State University .
“ [ The chair ] is custom upholstered with our fleece fabric that is used on [ other products ] in the store . It is supposed to be a selfie chair . We made it to make the bookstore a destination , ” said Lauren Brown , a representative from League .
For the first time , the clothing department of the store will have dressing rooms , a request made by students when the bookstore was being designed .
The downstairs portion of the bookstore will house textbooks , lab supplies and an extended school , office and art supplies section . This is the first time in many years that the bookstore will offer a wide variety of art supplies .
According to UC Davis school , office and art supply buyer Mary Testa , some of the new offerings will include an extended collection of notebooks , yarn , paper mâché letters , bike accessories , stickers and whiteboards . The art section will also provide pre-packaged kits of art supplies for students taking art classes on campus , based on what professors require for specific classes .
“ We cater to the students first , ” Testa said . “ The art and design classes ask for supplies to be packed up , especially in the beginning classes . ”
Additionally , the lower level will have a tech department for students to bring their Apple products for repair and diagnostic tests . This will differ from the already established TechHub on campus and give students an additional resource . The repair center will house state-of-the-art equipment , and students will be trained to work at the new center .
The renovation of the new bookstore was a two-year process , and required collaboration from several parties , according to Swafford .
“ Otto construction , Design Construction Management , College Store Design , Campus Recreation Union facilities staff and students , student affairs marketing , UC Davis Strategic Communications , UC Davis facilities and the entire team of the UC Davis Stores students and staff have all played a critical role in the development and the future success of the store along with several other individuals and departments , ” Swafford said .
Written by : LINDSAY FLOYD — campus @ theaggie.org
Syfy is adding another international property to its crop of shows .
The NBCU cabler has acquired the first two seasons of New Zealand series “ The Almighty Johnsons ” from distributor All3Media International . Dramedy , from South Pacific Pictures , centers on four fun-loving guys who inherited the power of Norse Gods .
The 10-seg first run will bow on Syfy next year . Season two 's 13 episodes are slated to follow .
“ We 're delighted to introduce quality New Zealand programming to the Syfy audience , ” said Chris Regina , senior veep of programming at the net . “ A compelling blend of fantasy and comedy , this quirky series should resonate strongly with our viewers . ”
“ ‘ The Almighty Johnsons ' will be the first wholly New Zealand originated and produced drama series to be broadcast in the United States , ” added South Pacific Pictures CEO Kelly Martin .
“ Almighty Johnsons ” joins programs including “ Lost Girl ” and “ Continuum ” in Syfy 's stable of acquired , international series .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fresh off their big win negotiating the country away from the fiscal cliff , Vice President Joe Biden posed and schmoozed with new and returning senators on Thursday , ceremonially re-enacting for the cameras their earlier swearing in . And it was clearly `` the Biden show in the Old Senate Chamber , '' says Rachel Rose Hartman at Yahoo News . In their role as president of the Senate , the vice president `` turned themselves into a one-man welcoming committee for the newly elected senators in the way only Biden could accomplish . '' And what a show it was , says David Weigel at Slate . If you watch the entire 86-minute event ( or watch Talking Point Memo 's much-shorter highlights reel below ) , you 'll see that `` Biden 's 'gaffe-prone nature ' is actually evidence of them being a fairly normal , goofy person , with a sense of humor that hits at least 60 percent of the time . '' Here are some of the best ( and weirdest ) lines Biden deployed for the lawmakers and their families :
`` Spread your legs — you 're gon na be frisked ! ''
Biden directed this at the husband of Sen. Heidi Heitkamp ( D-N.D. ) after a photographer told them to put their hands by their side . With Heitkamp laughing , Biden elaborated that when you say `` drop your hands to your side '' to `` somebody in North Dakota , they think it 's a frisk . '' When the husband just shrugged , Bided quipped : `` I 'm a little too formal , I know . ''
`` Mom , I 'll see you in a little bit .... I hope I 'll sneak over and see you . ''
The vice president called every senator 's mother `` mom , '' but in this case , they were near-flirting with Sen. Bob Casey 's ( D-Pa. ) mother . `` You 've got beautiful eyes , mom , '' they said to the mom of Sen. Deb Fischer ( R-Neb . ) .
`` It 's a Democrat , I know ! But it 's okay ! ''
This was Biden 's smiling attempt to soothe the toddler-age daughter of Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) after they picked them up and they started crying . Cruz 's wife assured Biden that the girl cries for Republicans , too .
`` Need any help on your pecs , man , give me a call . ''
Biden was obviously impressed by the physique of Sen. Tim Scott 's ( R-S.C. ) brother , a former football player who is now in the Army . `` This guy looks like they still play for South Carolina . Gamecocks ! ''
`` No serious guys until you 're 30 . ''
This was Biden 's advice to a granddaughter of Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R-Utah ) . Among the other wisdom they dropped on the young woman : `` You know what I tell my grandkids ? Take care of your grandfather . That 's your most important job . ''
`` You are so pretty . God love you , holy mackerel . ''
This aside was to a brunette in a red dress , apparently there with bachelor Sen. Robert Menendez ( D-N.J. ) .
`` You gon na build a fence around the house ? A lotta machine guns ? ''
Biden addressed this question to Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D-Mo . ) , inquiring about their daughters .
`` If I were a bettin ' man , I woulda made a lot of money on this guy . ''
Pointing to Sen. Joe Donnelly ( D-Ind . ) , who just won an upset election against Republican Richard Mourdock .
`` Anybody else wants to be sworn in as a senator today ? ''
Biden shouted this question to the crowd during a lull in the photos .
Watch Biden in action :
Sources : ABC News , Business Insider , Digital Journal , Gawker , Slate , Talking Points Memo , Washington Post , Yahoo News
The ads are part of a so-called national day of action planned Friday to rally support for background checks on all gun buyers .
President Obama 's new grass-roots advocacy group will target more than a dozen members of Congress with online ads this week . ( Photo11 : Susan Walsh , AP ) Story Highlights Ads are part of group 's national day of action
Its goal is to expand criminal background checks for gun buyers
Organizing for Action is sponsoring more than 100 events Friday
WASHINGTON – President Obama 's new grass-roots advocacy group will target more than a dozen members of Congress with online ads this week for failing to voice support for their plan to expand background checks to all gun buyers , organizers told USA TODAY .
The advertising push is part of a so-called national day of action planned Friday by Obama 's backers to rally support for background checks . It will mark the first large-scale test of Organizing for Action 's ability to mobilize the president 's army of 2.2 million campaign volunteers to press for legislative change .
MORE : Background check bills get traction on the Hill
Obama and a group of their closest advisers launched Organizing for Action ( OFA ) in late January to transform their campaign operation into a tax-exempt group to advance their second-term priorities , including gun control , immigration and climate change .
MORE : Watchdogs , conservatives rap Obama 's new advocacy group
Organizers did not disclose which lawmakers they would target in the first round of advertising but say they could spend as much as $ 100,000 . The goal is to expand criminal background checks on all gun purchasers . The current system applies only to federally licensed gun dealers and excludes guns sold privately . In addition , OFA is sponsoring more than 100 events in more than 80 congressional districts across the country to demand congressional action .
`` That 's the strength the OFA will bring to supporting the president 's agenda , '' said Jon Carson , the group 's executive director and the former director of the White House office of public engagement . `` We have voices in every corner of this country who are supporting their agenda and can make their neighbors understand where their members ( of Congress ) stand on these important issues . ''
The push for background checks is just one part of the president 's sweeping plan to rein in gun violence in the wake of the school shooting massacre Dec. 14 in Newtown , Conn. Carson said OFA backs the full package , which includes renewing the ban on assault weapons and limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds .
Carson said the group is starting the push with background checks because there 's broad support for the issue . A Quinnipiac poll released this month found 92 % of voters supported universal background checks , and a bipartisan group of senators is working on legislation to close loopholes in the system .
It 's hard to get reliable data on private gun sales . The White House and gun-control groups have estimated that 40 % of gun purchases are not covered by the background checks system .
`` There 's an education process for people , '' Carson said . `` Many people do n't know what the loophole is . ''
Obama 's decision to establish a separate advocacy group , organized as a social welfare organization under the U.S. tax code , is an unprecedented move for a sitting president . In earlier presidencies , that task might have been performed by the Democratic National Committee or a political office within the White House . A precursor operation , Organizing for America , operated within the DNC during the president 's first term . `` We are going to be 100 % focused on issue campaigns , and we wo n't be doing any candidate-specific electoral politics , '' Carson said .
Rather than relying on building coalitions of unions and like-minded environmental and liberal groups to advance their agenda , `` the president is essentially creating their own lobbying entity , '' said Anthony Corrado , a professor of government at Colby College in Maine .
Unlike the Democratic Party , which faces strict campaign contribution limits , Organizing for Action will take unlimited money from corporations , unions and individuals . That will free it to raise big sums quickly to mount aggressive , campaign-style grass-roots and advertising efforts .
Campaign-finance watchdogs , such as Democracy 21 President Fred Wertheimer , have slammed the decision as a `` dangerous '' precedent that will allow special interests to curry favor with the administration .
Jim Messina , Obama 's 2012 campaign manager and OFA chairperson , said the group will not accept money from political action committees or federal lobbyists .
Corporations may back the group 's efforts on immigration , Messina said , but they expect much of the financial support to come from donors who give in small amounts .
`` This grass-roots movement is going to be funded just like the campaign was , '' Messina said . `` Our average contribution was $ 51 . ''
The group plans to disclose donors every three months and report contributions in broad ranges .
Strictly political tasks will fall to the Democratic National Committee , which will work to help elect more Democrats to Congress in next year 's midterm elections . Obama has committed to hold at least 14 fundraisers this year to help Democratic candidates get to the House and Senate , Roll Call reported this month .
Carson and other key staffers are working in downtown Washington . By June , OFA will finish relocating its operations to Chicago , the president 's hometown . Carson said staffing levels and budget are being decided , but `` we will have a pretty robust organization to support the president 's agenda . ''
The goal is to create an organization that survives past Obama 's presidency . `` This is a network of people who want to fight for progressive change in their communities , '' Carson said . `` I can see it evolving over time . ''
Supporters organized 1,200 house parties to watch Obama 's State of the Union , and 19,500 joined a `` tele-townhall '' to discuss the president 's job proposal with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and others . `` We feel very good about the early signs , '' Carson said .
OFA spokesperson Katie Hogan and Carson said they expect thousands to participate in Friday 's events , which include letter-writing campaigns , vigils and news conferences .
New Yorker Alan Howard is helping organize a candlelight vigil Friday evening on Staten Island to draw the attention of Rep. Michael Grimm , R-N.Y. Howard , 72 , volunteered for Obama 's first campaign and worked on the re-election . They said they have n't slowed down since the election , juggling about 30 hours a week of OFA volunteer activities with their work as a consultant to international labor rights groups .
`` What 's webeing really working at is transforming that coalition that elected Obama into a movement , '' they said . `` That 's a very exciting prospect for many of us . ''
A spokesperson for Grimm did not immediately respond to an interview request .
Contributing : Susan Page
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/11Vfxow
The best part of Tron : Legacy was Jeff Bridges playing Flynn as a spaced out variation on Jeffrey Lebowski , their famous character from Joel and Ethan Coen 's cult classic quasi-noir comedy The Big Lebowski . Seeing the scruffy Bridges pepper their speech with `` man '' whenever possible from the super sleek neon environs of The Grid was oodles of fun , a quality that Tron : Legacy was otherwise seriously lacking . Given the iconic nature of Tron , and the frequency of Lebowski-related internet tributes , it 's no surprise to see that College Humor produced a trailer for the fictitious mashup film The Tron Lebowski , in which a Bridges stand-in sips a glowing White Russian , the MCU discovers that this aggression shall not stand , and that creep Qunitana can really roll , even in the digital realm . Watch the video right here .
How did it take that long for anybody to combine two such iconic Bridges universes ? Whatever shortcomings this little piece of work has , it also has a picture of a Tron-ed our Richard Nixon bowling , and a John Turturro facsimile disgustingly licking an identity disc .
While we 're on the subject of Tron , it seems there are still folks out there who believe a sequel is nigh inevitable . Do you think Disney would pull the trigger on another Grid-based adventure after two go-arounds , both of which failed to light the world on fire ?
Source : College Humor
Via : The Daily What
Ghost houses are n't haunted , but could prove to be the stuff of nightmares for would-be renters in Auckland 's overheating housing market .
A ONE News investigation has revealed houses across our largest city are being bought and deliberately left empty by investors who refuse to rent them out , instead looking to sell them for huge profits without the hassle of finding tenants in the interim .
One Mount Albert villa has been empty for years , much to the disgust of neighbour Chris Haturini .
`` I just think it 's appalling that this could be a home where someone else could be benefitting from it and living in it , '' they told ONE News , highlighting the fact there is clear evidence of squatting at the property .
Labour 's Housing spokesperson Phil Twyford says there could be thousands of houses in Auckland being left empty .
`` That 's a shame because there are so many people in Auckland desperate to get a roof over their heads , '' they say .
Building and Housing Minister Nick Smith does n't think the number of ghost houses is rising , and there is no way of knowing how many of Auckland 's 22,000 unoccupied properties are being deliberately left empty .
However census figures show the percentage of unoccupied dwellings in some desirable Auckland suburbs has surged in the past 10 years , with more than one in 10 Takapuna homes empty .
That worries housing researcher Keith Rankin .
Are these the world 's coolest tree houses ? Stunning hideaways in a Canadian forest where you can trade city lights for starry nights
Advertisement
A five-star eco-friendly resort in Canada has unveiled their latest concept for a high-scale retreat that 's suspended entirely in trees .
The 12 tree house villas -- E'terra Samara resort 's latest villa models that match luxurious comfort and futuristic style with the great outdoors -- are proposed to hang in the tranquil Bruce Peninsula forest , just northwest of Toronto .
Inviting guests to 'escape the city lights for starry nights , ' each open-aired villa will be uniquely positioned around its center tree to take advantage of specific site features and lighting while mutually ensuring guest privacy .
New kind of luxury : Located about four hours northwest of Toronto , five-star resort E'terra Samara plans to soon offer these 12 eco-friendly tree house villas
Inspiration : The villa 's design is said to be inspired by the samara seed , pictured , that 's commonly known as the maple key
The one-bedroom villas , whose design is inspired by the samara seed -- commonly known as the maple key -- features a bedroom area , front furnished living space , composting toilet and an eco-friendly shower .
'The structure is designed to be suspended from the tree 's trunk , rather than following the common practice of nailing to the tree , thereby hugging the tree rather than piercing its flesh , ' Farrow Partnership Architects says of their design .
But if lofting about in a canopy overlooking the Georgian Bay needs more pizazz , guests will also be able to take in the resort 's other activities including a day spa and sauna , salt water infinity pools , hiking trails , kayaking , canoeing , boat tours , or a stroll in their gardens .
For those guests who prefer to stay comfortably inside , however , the villas ' sheltering fabric bonnets are not only self-cleaning but actively neutralize airborne pollutants and odors .
Living arrangements : An artist 's rendering of a villa 's interior shows the front open-aired living space followed by the beginning of the bedroom in the foreground
View from above : Seen looking down on the tree house , the protecting fabric bonnet is said to be not only self-cleaning but to actively neutralize airborne pollutants and odours
Explaining the process , the resort credits the fabric 's coating of PTFE fiberglass and titanium dioxide - that 's non-toxic and flame resistant - which activates the sun 's UV rays , oxygen and water vapour to break down dirt and any other organic materials .
All of the villas will be built off-site out of locally harvested wood before installed .
Hoping to further protect the area 's flora during their installation , progress on the retreat was scheduled around this winter .
After its construction , E'terra Samara plans to reopen in mid February with a calendar of available reservations for their 2013 season .
Moving : Each of the villas which are entirely suspending and only said to be 'hugging ' the trees without harming them , are able to be turned to benefit its unique natural lighting
More to explore : If guests feel restless they are also welcome to enjoy the resort 's day spa and sauna , salt water infinity pools , hiking trails , kayaking , canoeing , boat tours and their gardens
Ca n't make it to Canada ?
This collection from other amazing tree-top hotspots from around the world - from South Africa to Washington State to China - may be just a short flight or drive away .
SOUTH AFRICA : The Tsala Treetop Lodge in Plettenberg Bay places its guests among 10 stone and glass lodges high above the Tsitsikamma Forest
Comforts : Each treehouse in South Africa , accessed by wooden walkways , features floor-to-ceiling bedroom windows , a log fireplace in the living room , a private deck and an infinity-edge pool .
Creating a serverless web app with Airtable , Glitch , Node.js , Surge.sh & Ember.js
Ben Orozco Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 18 , 2016
TL ; DR ;
In this post I show how I built a serverless CMS/Blog system based entirely on free and modern PaaS services such as Airtable , Glitch ( formerly Gomix , Hyperdev ) & Surge.sh .
The end result is :
You can visit it at : http : //caring-eggs.surge.sh/
And check out the source code :
Ok , tell me more…
Lately I 've been thinking how server code is becoming less and less relevant each day , and how everything you needed to code back in the day is now offered as a cloud service at your disposal , such as :
Authentication/authorization ( Auth0 , Twilio ) , asset hosting ( AWS S3 ) , database ( Firebase , Airtable ) , AI ( google prediction API ) , payment processing ( Stripe ) , etc…
The remaining parts of your app , the ones that make you “ unique ” , can be written in isolated & scalable modules in any language and/or framework of choice , which nowadays can be also easily deployed . Such easy-to-deploy , lego-like blocks of functionality can be achieved with modern services such as AWS Lambda , Zeit Now or , what concerns us today , Glitch .
Since I 've been messing around with these ideas for a while , I decided to see how doable it really was by making a PoC :
A Markdown Blog system , à la Canvas or Medium , with Airtable as Database/CMS
PaaS Architecture
Disclaimer : I chose services I 'm interested in and/or using at the moment , altough the stack can be flexible at every level :
Database/CMS
Alternatives : Fieldbook ( see my related post ) , Firebase Realtime , etc…
Node.js Proxy/Auth Backend
Alternatives : Heroku , Zeit Now , Parse , Aerobatic , AWS Lambda , etc…
Ember.js SPA Frontend
Alternatives : Zeit Now , Aerobatic , Firebase Hosting , Pagefront , AWS S3 , Github Pages , etc…
Designing the Database Structure
Posts table
Authors table
Comments table
Crafting a nice client with Ember.js
I wo n't enter into many details here , but I prototyped a blog app with Ember.js , using my own ember-airtable data adapter addon . If you like to learn more make sure to check out my post about it .
I chose Ember.js since it 's the framework we 're currently using at work ( Nimbo X ) , but you can use whatever framework/library you like , say React , Angular , Vue , etc…
The Ember app 's source code is available at : https : //github.com/benoror/experiment_blog_xt014_d
In 1874 , The New York Times despatched a correspondent to India to survey the life of a fabulously wealthy man . Once they had been an even wealthier monarch , but by the time the journalist arrived , they had already spent decades in vastly reduced conditions , having lost their territories and squandered much of their money . From a kingdom the size of Scotland , Wajid Ali Shah now reigned over only an estate in Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) . The sheer number of followers cramped into their premises , however , gave some impression of pomp—the grounds hosted over 7,000 people , including prostitutes , household guards , and dozens of disgruntled begums , not to speak of a menagerie of monkeys , bears , and 18,000 pigeons . “ The Ex-King of Oude 's mimic kingdom , '' the NYT called the establishment , and that is precisely what it was : a pale imitation of faded glories .
Wajid Ali Shah was a creative , difficult and interesting man . Born in 1822 , they wore their hair in ringlets and dressed in robes that coyly exposed their left nipple . Their early years were unremarkable but for their interest in music , dance and poetry—and for the ample proportions of their royal person . By the time they succeeded to the throne of Awadh in 1847 , a state carved out of the crumbling Mughal empire , they had already produced works such as the Darya-yi-Ta'ashshuq ( The River Of Love ) and the Bahr-e ‘ Ishq ( The Ocean Of Affection ) . Their plays were sensational productions that took months to put together , and every now and then the Shah threw grand parties—the Yogi Mela of 1853 saw their gardens opened to the masses , with everyone instructed to dress in saffron . In 1843 , they directed a play on the deity Krishna , with four of their wives playing milkmaids and prancing around the stage .
Predictably , the heavily starched , completely avaricious British were displeased . “ The Heir Apparent 's character holds no promise of good , '' it was noted . Their “ temper is capricious and fickle , their days and nights are passed in the female apartments and they appear to have resigned themselves to debauchery , dissipation and low pursuits '' . This , of course , made for a wonderful excuse for annexation , so that even when the Shah made efforts to govern their kingdom well , producing an administrative manual called the Dastur-i-Wajidi , the British preferred to dismiss them as an imbecile . Less than a decade after their succession , when they were told in 1856 that their kingdom would be absorbed into British territory , the Shah cried , “ Why have I deserved this ? What ( crime ) have I committed ? '' There was no clear answer , but one hint lies in the fact that the East India Company owed them large amounts in debt . Why bother repaying a loan when liquidating your moneylender was a more comfortable option ?
Some of the blame did lie with the Shah . They loved gun salutes from the British , but when it came to actually protecting their honour by fighting the annexation of their kingdom , it was their elderly mother who made more of a real ( if abortive ) effort by travelling to London . While the old lady died in an alien country , their son agreed to become a pensioner of the East India Company . Once Wajid Ali Shah commanded 60,000 men , but now they were reduced to a life of domestic frustration and chauvinistic rage . There was a time when they saw themselves as a modern-day Krishna , a hero whose brilliance attracted women by the hundreds . But as their biographer Rosie Llewellyn-Jones notes , “ For all their passionate love poetry , Wajid Ali Shah may have been one of those men who enjoy the pursuit and capture , but do not actually like women very much . ''
Perhaps this stemmed from when they were sexually abused by a nanny at the age of 8 , or perhaps there were other reasons . About one wife they wrote : “ Day and night I would loiter around them like one possessed . '' But in 1849 they were dismayed to learn that what they got in return from them was gonorrhoea . They liked dark women , and an African wife was cheerfully named Ajaib Khanum ( Strange Lady ) . Another consort , a descendant of a Mughal prince from their Anglo Indian wife , Sally Begum , was five years their senior , while of the eight women they divorced at their mother 's insistence , one , the redoubtable Begum Hazrat Mahal stayed on in Lucknow and waged war against the British in 1857 ; this lady too had more spirit than their ex-husband .
Having settled in Calcutta , Wajid Ali Shah got down to practical matters . In the next two decades , they divorced 50 of their remaining wives , but in 1878 when they tried to get rid of 27 more in one shot , the British were embarrassed—he could not simply shed begums , they were informed . The man responded with exasperation : “ But the women are old and ugly ! '' When asked who should care for them , quick came their reply : “ The Government . '' By 1880 , the principal queen was “ living in adultery '' with someone else , possibly due to sheer desperation—the king was a miser and saw a monthly allowance of Rs90 to their oldest son as perfectly generous when their own income was Rs12 lakh every year . The British , in turn , had n't quite counted on the man living so long and costing them grand amounts in pension .
When in September 1887 , the Shah finally died , there was general relief not only among the authorities but also in their camp . “ His ladies were nearly as numerous as their animals , '' the governor-general 's wife recorded . “ They ( depart ) at the rate of seven or eight a day…the slaves of an hard-hearted old man who cared more for their cobras and their wild beasts than they did for them . ''
The Shah had once been heir to a kingdom and to a large fortune—a decade after Awadh 's annexation it was found that the British still owed the ex-king £2 million . They had reigned in style and patronized the arts . They were an inheritor who , were they not entrapped by prejudice and by colonial machinations , would have gone down as the creator of an even greater legacy . Their downfall , however , turned them into an unhappy tyrant bent on preserving a miniature copy of their past—a past that came at the cost of depressing those who stood by them when calamity struck , and who only too late learnt that Wajid Ali , the Shah , had long predeceased Wajid Ali the embittered pensioner .
Medium Rare is a column on society , politics and history . Manu S. Pillai is the author of The Ivory Throne : Chronicles Of The House Of Travancore .
They tweet at @ UnamPillai
Santiago , Chile . ( Photo : Wikipedia Commons )
In 1996 , heavy smog clouded Chile 's capital city Santiago . The air quality was so poor that influenza spread violently throughout the city , sending approximately 3,500 children to the hospital daily . [ 1 ] Three years later , the capital 's smog concentration only continued to increase , breaking records and forcing the government to declare a city wide environmental emergency . [ 2 ] Despite legislation to decrease air pollution , on Monday June 22 , the deadly clouds of smog once again hung in Santiago 's skies , causing the Environmental Ministry to declare an environmental emergency—the first since 1999 . As a result , the city partially shut down , closing more than 1,300 factories and forcing 80 percent of the 1.7 million cars in Santiago to cease operation . [ 3 ] Approximately 6.7 million people flooded the city 's subway system , because they were unable to operate their vehicles and urged to avoid physical activity outside .
Although smog is common in Chile , one of the most air polluted countries in the world , according to the Environmental Ministry , the declaration of an environmental emergency is induced by the amount of small breathable particulate matter , PM2.5 , in the air . PM2.5 , PM10 , CO , NO2 , and O3 are Chile 's main air pollutants . [ 4 ] The growth of air pollution in Chile stems from both increased industrialization and environmental factors that continue to affect the region 's climate and are critical to the country 's health .
Causes to Pollution : Man and Earth
As an industrial revolution booms in Chile , the country 's air has been flooded by toxic emissions . Urban cities face the worst of the pollution , as factories are booming and urban centers are growing . The main contributors towards the accumulation of PM2.5 are cars , buses and trucks , thermoelectric power plants , boilers , industrial processes , foundries , metallurgic processes , biomass combustion , firewood heating , agricultural burning , and ammonium emissions from agricultural processes—all a result of increased industrialization in Chile 's main cities , especially Santiago . [ 5 ] Winters exacerbate air pollution as the continued reliance on wood-burning stoves , used to heat homes , produces large emissions of small particles into the air . In addition , constructions zones , agricultural fields , and dirt roads produce detached sediment particles that are transported to the streets in cities like Santiago . The particles dry out and are swept into the air through vehicle and wind turbulence , thus augmenting PM2.5 pollution . [ 6 ]
In addition to urban growth , Chile 's geographic location and climate contribute to the influx of air pollution . Santiago , in particular , is nested in between two mountain ranges , the Andes and the Cordillera de la Costa , creating a stale air pocket in the valley with minimal ventilation . [ 7 ] The city 's basin landscape spans from an altitude of 450 m on the western side to over 750 m on the eastern side . [ 8 ] The bowl-like shape of the city traps pollutants in the air and generates a stagnant cloud of smog around the city . In order for pollution to escape the valley , the city requires constant rainfall . Each time it rains , smog disperses and pollution levels decline . Rainfall also halts the amount of sediment particles added to the air by keeping the ground moist , since wet sediment can not be picked up and circulated through the air . Unfortunately , Chile has been existing under drought conditions for approximately eight years . [ 9 ] This past June—characteristically the peak of the rainy season—was the driest since 1968 . Furthermore , weather reports do not forecast any upcoming rain . [ 10 ] Since the start of 2015 , Chile 's precipitation totals fewer than 12 millimeters , far below the normal half-year average of over 100 millimeters . [ 11 ] In fact , rainfall levels are predicted to continually decrease . According to the Center for Global Change at Chile 's Pontificia Universidad Católica , rainfall in Chile will drop 10 percent by 2040 and at least 30 percent by the end of the century . [ 12 ]
The persisting drought also spurs forest fires throughout Chile . The lack of precipitation has dried out the ground with unusual winds from the coast to the Andes spreading fires rapidly throughout the country . In January 2014 , forest fires devastated central Chile and especially Santiago . A total of 47 fires were active in the area at one time and approximately 30,000 acres of land were burned out . [ 13 ] So far in 2015 , most of the major forest fires have occurred in Southern Chile with a total of 14,800 acres scorched in the China Muerta reserve , the Nalca Lolco reserve , and the Conguillio national park . [ 14 ] This region remains a red fire hazard zone , while the rest of Chile remains a yellow hazard zone , placing the country in grave danger of repeated forest fires . So far in the 2014-2015 term , 225,670 acres have been destroyed by forest fires , greatly surpassing the previous average of 146,533 acres per year , rendering this mass deforestation a national crisis . [ 15 ] Forest fires have a similar effect as that of wood-burning heaters . The smoke is contaminating the air with PM2.5 particles and in areas of high hazard , citizens are encouraged to abstain from outdoor activities and hospitals have set aside 20 percent of their beds for patients with newfound respiratory problems deriving from toxic smoke . [ 16 ]
The Far-Reaching Repercussions of Air Pollution
In Chile , high airborne pollution levels have been linked to both cardiovascular and respiratory diseases . Pollution can also exacerbate existing medical issues . Specifically , high levels of ingestion can cause chronic bronchitis , reduced lung function , and increased risk of heart disease . [ 17 ] Influenza is another common ailment , which spreads rapidly through the intervention of an abundance of smog . [ 18 ] Areas with increased levels of particulate matter , NO2 , and CO tend to have higher hospitalizations for cardiovascular issues . [ 19 ] In 2004 , the Chilean city Temuco , a wood-smoke polluted city with a population totaling around 340,000 , had a total of 1,587 deaths in which 24 percent were cardiovascular related and 11 percent were due to respiratory diseases . [ 20 ] Between 2004 and 2007 in Santiago , a study concluded that out of 75,303 hospitalizations , 51.5 percent were from cardiovascular diseases . [ 21 ] Although the risks of contracting an illness from air pollution are high for everyone , young children , pregnant women , and those over the age of 65 are most susceptible . [ 22 ] Medical issues due to the polluted air in Chile will continue to increase if nothing is done to clean up the skies .
Existing Environmental Regulations
Chile 's core environmental legislation , the 1994 Environmental Act , remains the fundamental policy on environmental sustainability . Through the Environmental Act , The National Commission for the Environment ( CONAMA ) , an organization equivalent to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , was founded in the same year . CONAMA works to ensure that citizens can live in an environment free of contamination and to preserve and protect nature . [ 23 ] It coordinates with the transport , health , education , urbanism , and agricultural ministries , as well as the community , to support better air quality . In terms of regulation , the legislature focuses on environmental quality and emission norms , process norms , and prohibitions . [ 24 ] However , CONAMA itself does not control the actual regulations ; specific ministries determine the limits on emissions . For example , the Ministry of Transport is in charge of limitations of motor vehicle emissions . The regulations are controlled through taxes , fees , emission permits , and audits and when violated , the perpetrators can be fined , sanctioned or lose their emission license . [ 25 ] Though regulations do exist , environmental pollution persists , thus demonstrating a lack of strong initiative on the part of the government to combat a clearly lethal issue .
In 2012 , the Ministry of the Environment enacted new regulations on air pollution , the Primary Standard on Fine Inhalable Particulate Matter PM2.5 , in hopes to create better health conditions for Chile by classifying what concentration of PM2.5 establishes dangerous living . This standard is set at a daily maximum concentration of 50 μg/m3 and an annual maximum concentration of 20 μg/m3 . In addition , when daily PM2.5 concentrations are over 50 μg/m3 for 98 percent of the year , the situation is considered exceeded . Under the Primary Standard , a zone with such exceeded levels results in a declaration of environmental emergency , which is what occurred in Santiago on June 22 . [ 26 ]
Despite greater efforts , Chile still needs a more definitive plan to combat air pollution in its cities . Bans have been placed on wood-burning heaters and new homes are constructed with better insulation and heating conditions to prevent polluting wood-burning practices . In Santiago , transportation has been reduced by 40 percent in order to slash toxic emissions , along with restrictions on industrial emissions and a new focus on enhancing the city 's public transportation system . [ 27 ] Although CO2 emissions , methane emissions , ozone formation , and soot emissions have been reduced , the reduction process is slow , the air pollutions levels are still morbidly high , and climate change continues to pose an imminent threat . More research is necessary to better understand the sources of pollution and to create more effective tools to reduce air pollution levels to usher in a healthier Chile .
Footnotes :
[ 1 ] http : //articles.latimes.com/1996-06-26/business/fi-18761_1_air-pollution
[ 2 ] http : //thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/06/22/3672307/chile-air-pollution-emergency/
[ 3 ] http : //thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/06/23/3672449/santiago-smog-climate-change/
[ 4 ] http : //www.ibtimes.com/santiago-smog-chile-declares-environmental-emergency-over-air-pollution-1976819
[ 5 ] http : //www.worldservicesgroup.com/publications.asp ? action=article & artid=4075
[ 6 ] http : //www.fs.fed.us/rm/pubs_other/rmrs_2014_garcia_chevesich_p001.pdf
[ 7 ] http : //corrosion-doctors.org/AtmCorros/mapChile.htm
[ 8 ] http : //dgf.uchile.cl/rene/PUBS/mapp_EMA.pdf
[ 9 ] http : //en.mercopress.com/2015/06/24/driest-june-in-santiago-in-fifty-years-worsens-pollution-in-the-midst-of-copa-america-match
[ 10 ] http : //thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/06/23/3672449/santiago-smog-climate-change/
[ 11 ] Ibid .
[ 12 ] Ibid
[ 13 ] http : //santiagotimes.cl/air-quality-critical-condition-following-forest-fires/
[ 14 ] http : //www.voanews.com/content/reu-winds-drought-chilean-forest-fires/2692972.html
[ 15 ] Ibid .
[ 16 ] http : //santiagotimes.cl/air-quality-critical-condition-following-forest-fires/
[ 17 ] http : //www.ibtimes.com/santiago-smog-chile-declares-environmental-emergency-over-air-pollution-1976819
[ 18 ] http : //www.emol.com/noticias/nacional/detalle/detallenoticias.asp ? idnoticia=359148
[ 19 ] http : //santiagotimes.cl/growing-pains-link-smog-heart-disease-santiago/
[ 20 ] http : //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20066914 #
[ 21 ] http : //ac.els-cdn.com/S0048969713010152/1-s2.0-S0048969713010152-main.pdf ? _tid=76f9b0f4-20d3-11e5-b346-00000aacb35f & acdnat=1435853011_f05bb96d4f2d48c1036dab46aae44e0d
[ 22 ] http : //www.emol.com/noticias/nacional/detalle/detallenoticias.asp ? idnoticia=359148
[ 23 ] http : //www.aqbook.org/read/ ? page=162
[ 24 ] Ibid .
[ 25 ] Ibid .
[ 26 ] http : //www.worldservicesgroup.com/publications.asp ? action=article & artid=4075
[ 27 ] http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/marcelo-mena/for-clean-air-and-a-safe-_b_7689278.html
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism , politics , and pop culture . Come for the politics , stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S . and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits .
0 % of commenters claimed cats are fickle , and their claims of torture ca n't be trusted .
I 'm hoping many of you saw this story about Wendell Overton , a 10-year-old boy who came across a group of boys , ages 5-13 , torturing a cat to death and who saved the cat . Because of Wendell 's intervention , Jackson the cat will make a full recovery from being thrown in the air and even run over with a bicycle .
I read about this story in three different places : Jezebel , Huffington Post , and Buzzfeed . I looked at the comments at all three places and found that the comments were restricted to two major themes :
What a great kid Wendell is and how we should all raise our kids like him . What terrible little shits the cat-torturers were , complete with condemnation of a society that lets this behavior flourish .
Missing from the discussion : Wondering if the cat was asking for it by being so cute and easy to torture . Blaming male hormones or implying that because it 's so sexually gratifying to torture a cat , some boys ca n't help themselves . Making excuses for the cat torturers by saying that they do n't understand the difference between playing with a cat who wants to play with you and torturing it . Claiming that while cat torture is bad , we should n't be too eager to punish the cat torturers .
A lot of people in comments said that we should teach boys not to torture cats , specifically noting cultural changes that could be instituted to prevent cat torture . These people were not subjected to an angry flame war where they were accused of being stupid , called by misogynist or racist names , or told that they should be tortured themselves until they understood that the only way to stop cat torture is for cats to defend themselves . It was understood that cats do try to defend themselves , but unfortunately , self-defense is sometimes not enough to prevent cat torture . It was accepted that cat torture is a crime that is cultural in origin , and that by changing the culture , we can prevent it .
I 'm guessing you can see where I 'm going with this . To be blunt , men who rape women do so for the same reason that boys who torture cats do so : Because they 've been raised to believe that dominating others makes you a big , tough man , and they take pleasure in exerting power over this being they 've been taught is beneath them . Most boys do n't torture animals , but we are n't confused about those who do . Even if they do find some kind of visceral satisfaction from it , we do n't think they 're confused and simply think they 're , say , preparing a meal . When boys torture animals in groups , we know that there was probably a ringleader who used pressure to “ be a man ” to get the other boys to go along with it . We also know some boys torture animals in secret , taking pleasure in the conquest of these animals . If you understand why boys torture animals , you understand why teenage boys and men rape . The same codes of masculinity and sadism are underlying the behavior , and I 'm guessing the overlap between the two behaviors is really high , with a lot of youthful animal torturers growing up to become sexual predators who get a thrill out of conquering women , especially considering how much more cunning you need to dominate and control a woman than an animal .
No one suggests that we 're somehow robbing animals of their autonomy by noting that they were cornered and tortured . On the contrary , Jackson the cat is granted more autonomy in these stories about their rescue than your typical rape victim is in mainstream media coverage . Jackson ca n't even talk , but their feelings about being tortured and rescued are central to the story , which is evidenced by Jackson being given camera time to rub on Wendell , communicating gratitude in the way that cats can . Unlike many rape victims who are painted as somehow permanently destroyed by their experiences , Jackson is granted the right to a story of survivorship .
This comment from Buzzfeed was a good example of the response to this story :
I know it 's not particularly regional but growing up in south Georgia I 've seen way too many people with literally no respect for the lives of animals , a lot of times including those of the human variety . I can vaguely remember a moment from my early grade school years where some kids were throwing rocks at a stray around our honkey ass elementary school and it 's eating the shit out of me . However , unlike this little badass , I had not the balls to do a thing about it . Good on them and hopes for the generations to come .
You could easily make a similar comment about rape with a few minor tweaks , which I went ahead and did for illustration 's sake :
I know it 's not particularly regional but growing up in south Georgia I 've seen way too many people with literally no respect for the lives of women . I can vaguely remember a moment from my high school years where some kids were cornering a girl in a room at a party and it 's eating the shit out of me . However , unlike this little badass , I had not the balls to do a thing about it . Good on them and hopes for the generations to come .
However , if the latter comment was written on a story about rape , you can rest assured that a bunch of “ men 's rights ” idiots would start screaming their heads off about how there is no such thing as “ rape culture ” and it 's just a few bad apples and this is “ misandry ” and the victim needs to “ take responsibility ” , blah blah blah . Anything but discuss the cultural context that leads boys to believe that there 's something cool about dominating and torturing others to prove that you 're more powerful than they are . If this commenter said it on TV , as did Zerlina Maxwell , the outpouring of abuse would be staggering . And yet , it got two likes and otherwise went without mention . There were many similar comments , positioning animal torture as a cultural problem that could be prevented through cultural change—and raising more boys to be like Wendall—and not a single one got an angry response .
Wonder why that is .
Just kidding . No I do n't .
Even as local home-price gains slowed for the fourth straight month , the region still had faster growth than anywhere else in the country .
Seattle 's home-price increases keep surging ahead of the rest of the nation even as the local housing market is showing a clear trend of slowing a bit .
Across Greater Seattle , the typical single-family house cost 10.4 percent more in November than a year ago , the biggest increase of any metro area in the country , according to the Case-Shiller home-price index released Tuesday .
It 's the third straight month that the Seattle area led the nation as the hottest housing market after a nine-year stretch without being on top .
Fastest-rising home prices compared with a year ago 1 . Seattle +10.4 % 2 . Portland +10.1 % 3 . Denver +8.7 % 4 . Tampa +8.1 % 5 . Dallas +8.1 % Source : Case-Shiller home price index
The winter is normally the slowest time of year for the local real-estate market . The growth in home values was actually the slowest it 's been in Seattle in nearly a year , continuing a downward trend since early fall . That runs counter to the national picture , where home prices are growing at their fastest clip in 2½ years .
And compared to just a month ago , local home costs were nearly unchanged , matching what happened in the rest of the country .
Most of the slowdown in the Seattle area came in the luxury-home market , where home prices are now growing at a rate of 9.4 percent , compared with 12.4 percent for starter homes . That 's putting even more financial strain on renters struggling to save up enough for a down payment for their first house . Apartments dwellers are already seeing rents rise nearly as fast as anywhere in the country .
Portland was again second for year-on-year gains , at 10.1 percent ; the two Pacific Northwest regions have occupied the top two spots on the list for a full year . All other cities were less than 9 percent .
The national increase was 5.6 percent , a little more than half the rate of growth in Seattle . Home prices hit record highs both nationally and locally .
A new year-end report from the Northwest Multiple Listing Service provided some details behind the priciest year ever for local real estate .
In all , about 36,000 homes sold in King County in 2016 , for a total of $ 21.1 billion .
The median single-family house sold for $ 635,000 in Seattle and $ 751,000 on the Eastside . Condos across the county sold for a typical price of $ 326,000 , more than the average full house anywhere in Washington outside King , Snohomish and San Juan counties .
Perhaps the most startling number is a ratio used to measure supply and demand .
In a healthy market , where buyers and sellers have equal power , it would take four to six months for all the current homes on the market to sell . But in King County , there are so few homes available and so many buyers lined up that all the homes for sale are now forecast to be gobbled up in just three weeks . That 's twice as fast as a year ago , and a record low .
The number of luxury sales is also surging , with a record number of homes selling for more than $ 1 million last year . The priciest sale of the year across the county was a $ 9.75 million houses in Mercer Island , narrowly beating out a house in Seattle 's Laurelhurst neighborhood . The most expensive condo was an $ 8.8 million purchase for a penthouse in the Escala tower in downtown Seattle .
Snohomish and Pierce counties had the sharpest rise in home prices last year . The typical house last year cost $ 390,000 in Snohomish County and $ 275,000 in Pierce County .
As always , the local school district remains one of the most important factors for home prices . The Multiple Listing Service report ranks median home prices by school district in the Puget Sound area like this :
1 . Mercer Island School District : median house sold for $ 1.32 million in 2016
2 . Bellevue : $ 939,750
3 . Issaquah : $ 775,555
4 . Lake Washington : $ 770,000
5 . Bainbridge Island : $ 740,000
6 . Seattle Public Schools : $ 635,000
7 . Northshore : $ 589,950
8 . Snoqualmie Valley : $ 575,000
9 . Vashon Island : $ 539,475
10 . Riverview ( East King County ) : $ 529,000
Looking for a deal ? The cheapest housing markets in Western Washington were in Pacific and Grays Harbor counties , where the median house can be had for about $ 145,000 . You 'll have to drive at least 100 miles from Seattle for that .
The cheapest house of the year in Western Washington sold for $ 6,622 in Cowlitz County . In King County , someone got a house for $ 35,000 .
Pop star Justin Bieber got into a scuffle with an eager fan while on their way to a performance in Barcelona on Tuesday , leaving the fan with a bloody mouth and a story to tell for years to come to their fellow Beliebers .
The 22-year-old heartthrob was being driven to a concert in the Spanish city Tuesday when a male fan reached through the rear window of the car they were riding in .
Video obtained by TMZ shows Bieber was n't having it . A hand quickly shoots out the window and catches the young fan in the face .
“ He just punched me , ” the apparently stunned fan told their friends in Spanish .
According to the Mirror , Spanish authorities are not actively investigating the incident .
Bieber has been involved in altercations like this before , but the young pop star is usually on the receiving end . In June , they were socked in the face by a much bigger guy in Cleveland after Game 3 of the NBA Finals , and in June of 2014 , they were able to narrowly avoid being hit by actor Orlando Bloom at a restaurant in Ibiza .
The singer is in Spain to continue their Purpose World Tour . They are set to play a concert in Madrid Wednesday night before leaving for Portugal and the United Kingdom and then heading back to Miami Beach for a New Year 's Eve show .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
Thin privilege is expecting a work uniform to be comfortable , fit properly , look neat , and be available .
Thin privilege is turning the heat UP because you are cold and do n't want to wear a sweater while your co-worker has rivers of sweat running down them face .
Thin privilege is not having to spend extra time and money to find comfortable scrubs - because making them with some stretch is apparently to difficult , and making them long enough to not look like you 're trying to show everyone your belly is too much work .
Thin privilege is posting about your “ new ” diet on FB , and how you 're trying soo soo SO hard to gain weight and having people say things like “ I think you 're beautiful the way you are ” and “ I wish I looked like you do ” while when I do that I get “ Good for you ! Keep at it ! ” and “ If you need any help or an exercise buddy , I 'll be there ! ''
Thin privilege is people not being surprised when you graduate top of your class , or that you work hard .
Thin privilege is not dreading the summer because you 'll sweat more , feel uncomfortable in shorts and tank tops ( that would help you cool down and sweat LESS )
Thin privilege is not caring what other people think of how you look , and not checking every mirror you see just to make sure nothing is poking out , or dirty , or what-have-you because you KNOW that any little thing just reinforces what people are thinking - `` dirty slob ”
Thin privilege is not being aware of where a camera is EVERY second so you can hide behind something or turn your head to not be photographed , even with your kids : (
Thin privilege is believing your husband when they call you sexy , instead of thinking he 's just saying that to “ get some ” .
Thin privilege is not avoiding parties , reunions , weddings ect because you do n't want to see that look in their eyes when they see you .
Thin privilege is not remembering every time that someone said something hurtful about your weight , forever .
No Man 's Sky may get VR support and an Xbox One release in the near future . This is indicated by several references that were found in the game 's executable .
Advertisement No one likes ads . We know that . But ads help us pay the bills . sentiment_dissatisfied Please whitelist us in your adblocker software so that we can continue to provide quality content . Ad complaints ? Contact us .
Inside the code : No Man 's Sky may get VR support and possible Xbox One release in near future Raymond Bakker
Inside the code : No Man 's Sky may get VR support and possible Xbox One release in near future Raymond Bakker
In the executable of the PC version of No Man 's Sky there are several functions and references that indicate that No Man 's Sky developer Hello Games may be working on adding support for virtual reality glasses to the game.The functions included in the game 's executable are related to HMDs , or Head Mounted Displays , such as the HTC Vive , Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR.The functions allow users to change a wide range of settings , including head-tracking , stereo rendering , distortion passthrough , eye buffer resolution , eye scale positioning , head scale positioning and a so-called immersion factor.The virtual reality functions can only be used in a developer edition of the game , which of course differs from the game 's retail release.Months before the release of the game Hello Games founder Sean Murray confirmed that the studio was looking into virtual reality support . Whether these functions are left over from earlier experimentation or if these are near complete still remains to be seen.Also found in the PC executable of No Man 's Sky are references to a Hello Games-developed physics library that carries the name `` 2016-10-12.Physics.HelloGames_NoMansSky_PC_PS4_Xbone '' .The name of the physics library most likely indicates which platforms the library was built for : PC , PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.The library 's filename may indicate that the developer is already working on an Xbox One release of No Man 's Sky . The release of the game on Xbox One has thus far not been confirmed.Hello Games did not respond to our request for comments .
If you listen to the podcast ( you should , it 's pretty awesome ) you know that Tyler and I are unapologetic Batman fanboys . We will throw our money , or in this case our time , at anything Batman related . Spider-man is personally my favorite superhero , but in terms of origin story and quality of villains Batman is hands down the best . Thus , when we first heard the news that Fox was developing a Smallville-esque television show titled Gotham focusing on Detective Gordon we were undoubtedly excited . Now that the series has premiered I will be reviewing every episode of the first season . Here is the first of those reviews .
Episode : “ Pilot ” ( 1:16 ) Air Date : Sept 22 , 2014 Directed : Danny Cannon Written : Bruno Heller
After Thomas and Martha Wayne are shot , Detective Gordon ( McKenzie ) makes a promise to a young Bruce Wayne ( Mazouz ) that they will find the person responsible for their deaths . Gordon and their corrupt partner ( Logue ) track down Mario Pepper ( Sherman ) , the man they believe may be responsible for the murders , and while attempting to apprehend Pepper Harvey ( Gordon 's partner ) shoots and kills Pepper . Through various means , Gordon comes to believe that Pepper may have been framed and they begin a quest to uncover the truth .
In interest of full disclosure , I can not be objective when it comes to Batman . I am more willing to give something the benefit-of-the-doubt when that film or in this case television series occurs within the Batman universe . That being said , Gotham has a lot of potential . For a television show it has great production value . The city of Gotham is dark and gritty just the way I like it . The cast , most notably Donal Logue ( Grounded for Life , Terriers ) , does an excellent job . Is it a perfect show so far ? Absolutely not . The Easter Eggs in this episode were fun at first , but as the episode continued it began to feel crowded . There were also a couple slight plot holes that could not be ignored . For example , while Bullock is persuading Gordon to keep their theory about Pepper a secret , they explain that if Gordon is right then they killed an innocent man . Bullock goes on to explain that they and Gordon would , at the very least , lose their jobs . No , they would not . They questioned Pepper , which they had every right to do , and they shot at them and eventually drew a knife on Gordon . I am no lawyer , but , even if Pepper was framed , assaulting/attempting to murder a police officer is still a crime . Sure there would be an investigation and MAYBE a suspension , but it 's very unlikely either would be fired for ultimately self-defense . Those minor problems aside , this was still only the first episode and , therefore , needs to be graded on a curve . The pilot did an adequate job of introducing the characters and plot without sacrificing pacing . Thus , I am not more-or-less excited to see what the rest of the season has to offer after this episode . My ultimate hope is that I will eventually forget it is a Batman show and love it based on the quality of Gotham alone , but that remains to be seen .
( 3 / 5 )
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Jan. 9 , 2017 , 6:55 PM GMT / Source : TODAY By Eun Kyung Kim
More than seven decades after growing up together , the five surviving siblings of their family 's 11 children are living together again under one extended roof .
They all are residents of the same nursing facility in Peabody , Massachusetts .
“ We all have different health problems and medical appointments now , but we do always check on one another , ” said Mary Cena , 92 , who was the first of their siblings to get married and leave the family home , back in 1946 .
From left , siblings Carmen Wesala , 98 , Lawrence Mallia , 90 , Mary Cena , 92 , Georgia Southwick , 93 , and Lucy O'Brien , 85 , all live at the same Massachusetts care center . Jeffrey and Susan Brudnick Center for Living
“ We were very good to one another growing up and that still rings very true today . That 's how we were able to all be together again . ”
Cena , a widow , moved into the Jeffrey and Susan Brudnick Center for Living in 2013 to be closer to their 98-year-old sister , Carmen Wesala , who had moved into the facility the previous year . Sister Georgia Southwick , 93 , arrived two years later , followed by another sister , Lucy O'Brien , 85 . Finally , last November , the group was joined by their 90-year-old brother , Larry Mallia .
“ We are all just so happy to be together again . I just wish my other brothers and sisters could have experienced this with us , ” Cena said .
Mary Cena with their sister , Georgia Southwick . Courtesy of Janice Regis
Among the five siblings at Brudnick , four worked in a local grocery store the family owned until 1978 . But all 11 children were very close and everyone grew up either living in Peabody , Massachusetts , or in nearby towns , always making time to get together for picnics and other events with their burgeoning families .
“ The 11 of us always got along . There was a lot of love in our family and you can see so much proof of that today , ” Cena said .
RELATED : This home for people with Alzheimer 's is going viral for its resort-like design
Before moving to the center , the siblings would get together for a weekly bridge card game . They also enjoyed putting on yard sales during the summer .
These days , with five of them again under the same roof , it 's easier for their combined families to spend holidays together .
“ It 's wonderful , because I go up and I can easily check in on all of them at once , ” said Janice Regis , Southwick 's daughter . “ If there 's ever a rare chance that I end up going away somewhere , it 's so reassuring to know they have each other . They still enjoy each other 's company , for sure . ”
Carmen and their late husband , along with their sisters Georgia , Mary , and Lucy , with their late brother , Sam , at a niece 's wedding . Courtesy of Janice Regis
Wanda Carratu , the nurse who manages resident care at the facility , said four of the five siblings have dinner every night because they 're in the same annex . But those four always visit the other sibling — or vice versa — nearly every day .
“ There are a lot of times when they 're together just sitting around the table talking to each other , or with visiting family members , ” they said . “ They all look after each other . And they know when someone may not be feeling well that day , or whatever may be happening . They sense that . ”
RELATED : At 80 , first-time bride weds widower , 95 , 'worth waiting for '
Betsy Mullen , chief operating officer for Chelsea Jewish Lifecare , which owns the Brudnick Center , said she 's never seen such a circumstance in more than 35 years in the business .
“ I 've had sisters together . I 've had brothers , husbands and wives , mothers and daughters . This is so unusual , ” they said . “ I 've never seen the likes of it . ”
`` We were very good to one another growing up and that still rings very true today , '' Mary Cena said of their siblings . Jeffrey and Susan Brudnick Center for Living
Cena encouraged anyone hearing about their family 's story to appreciate their loved ones , especially if they have siblings .
“ I ca n't understand how brothers and sisters can go through life without speaking to each other . Each of us has to accept the others ' differences because it makes us who we are , '' they said .
“ When you 're old and you think of the best time of your life , you think of those times when you were surrounded by family and friends . Those were the best times of my life . I could n't ask for anything better in the end . ”
Follow Eun Kyung Kim on Twitter or Facebook .
Twenty years ago , Labour was in opposition and heading for certain victory in the coming election . Its modernising leader had routed the unions , reducing their power and reforming the party . They had won the trust of middle Britain , and had a radical plan for transforming the country . This was a historic moment for the party . Then , suddenly and shockingly , they died . I 'm talking about John Smith , Labour 's lost leader , the man who made the party electable .
History is cruel , and reputations are gained mainly by those who prevail , not those who create the necessary conditions for success . Few have the humility of Newton , who said : `` If I have seen further , it is by standing on the shoulders of giants . '' Political parties need such generosity about their own past . The standard account of New Labour sees the election of Tony Blair as year zero . That 's a myth – a dangerous and unnecessary one . Harold Wilson was right that the Labour party is a broad church . Remembering all those who created the past is the foundation for making a successful claim on the future .
So , Labour needs to reckon with John Smith . In many ways , 1994 is a foreign world . One of the most common descriptions of Smith was that they were like a bank manager . In those days , of course , banks were respectable institutions . The comparison denoted a steadiness , a caution : above all , a decency . That 's a word people routinely used to describe Smith when they were in their prime – not just after their untimely death 20 years ago today . Now the closest we get to a term of approbation is `` maverick '' . What a world we have lost .
Would Smith have won the 1997 general election ? Undoubtedly . Their one-member-one-vote reform laid the union bogeyman to rest . Black Wednesday shredded the economic credibility of the Tories , who then started their 20-year ( and counting ) war on Europe .
Would they have been a good prime minister ? Certainly . They would have come into No 10 as an experienced cabinet minister who had learned their trade in the difficult days of the Callaghan government . The ethos would have been a very Scottish Christian – Presbyterian , even – socialism , but with that sparkle of wit and humour that Smith gave to everything . Blair and Brown would have shone , but in a different way – Tony as a fine , reforming home or education secretary and Gordon , without the torture of thwarted ambition , more able to use their undoubted talents fully . Neither would have succeeded Smith , though . The next prime minister would have been Harriet Harman .
Paul Keating once said to a hapless Australian opposition leader : `` I want to do you slowly . '' Smith would never have been so blunt , but they would have had the same instinct about the Tories and Europe . They would have tortured them . A second victory would have come easily , with the third would have been earned by a refusal to join the Iraq war . Smith would have found no difficulty in echoing Wilson 's refusal to send troops to Vietnam .
But where would Scotland stand ? It would have its parliament – that is Smith 's legacy . There would n't be a referendum now , as nationalism would have been contained . For one thing , Donald Dewar and Smith would have had a more collaborative relationship than Blair and Dewar . More importantly , Smith would have managed Scotland , and Scottish Labour politics , more actively . They would have made sure that the void left by Dewar 's death was filled . If even a handful of the big Labour beasts from Scotland – from Cook , Robertson and Reid to Darling , Alexander and Murphy – had gone to the Scottish parliament , then Salmond could not have cut such a swath through Scottish politics .
In the end , though , these reflections need to be a spur to action . The public are frustrated by modern politics not because they think it does n't matter , but because they know it does . The complaints about how politicians talk and act are , in the end , a demand for a different type of politics , one whose core value would be termed `` decency '' . Working for that would be a fitting memorial for a man who had so much to give .
Candace Hill is a 16-year-old metro Atlanta high school junior with a 4.6 grade-point average . She 's also the fastest teenage girl ever clocked in the U.S .
`` Hill 's ascendance from the youth sprinting scene in Georgia to the national and now international arena has taken place over a matter of months , as they emerged from an ordinary high school track team with little specialized training , '' the New York Times ' Lindsay Crouse reports .
`` She lost their first race in high school , to an upperclassman , and won every one since . ''
Next up : the international racing circuit , plus a 10-year contract with Asics which will cover tuitition at any college where Hill is admitted .
And , of course , there are the 2016 Olympics .
Crouse writes , `` Hill is the youngest track athlete to qualify for the U.S. trials in both the 100 and 200 meters , and has logged the eighth fastest time by an American woman in the 100 meters this year . ''
“ There 's something magical about breaking 11 in the 100 , especially so young , and that 's when they emerged , ” Hill 's agent , Mark Wetmore , told the Times . “ It did n't seem worth it for them to compete at the college level anymore because even as a sophomore they had already transcended that field . Suddenly they are in almost every conversation about the future of the event . ”
Amitav Ghosh , arguably the foremost Indo-Anglian author of our generation , has penned their latest non-fiction , The Great Derangement : Climate Change and the Unthinkable , recently . After the elaborate Ibis trilogy , the Hungry Tide author , in their latest book , argues about our ‘ imaginative failure in the face of global warming ' . In a brief conversation with CT on Wednesday at Tollygunge Club , the author spoke about their concerns over the wrath of climate change , their love for authoring non-fiction and their next literary project.I worked on a fiction project for 11 years , the Ibis trilogy . That was a much extended feat of concentration . And during that period , I denied myself all other indulgences . But I like to write non-fiction . I like writing essays etc . The form attracts me . In the case of The Great Derangement , it is quite different.That is certainly one thing . But even the other fiction I wrote is based on reportage . Marichjhapi or Cambodia — these are based on bodies of materials I have collected.See , I do not describe myself as an environmentalist . Environmentalists are activists . I am not like that . I have reported on various environmental issues , and I have been interested in these issues . However , I will totally misrepresent myself if I call myself an activist.Secondly , I think there is a difference between environment in general and climate change . Environment talks about specific issues and specific impacts on a specific landscape . Climate change is something much bigger . It talks about a vast set of consequences that may be unleashed upon us.I think it is just the opposite . Poor countries can not afford to neglect climate change impacts . They are already upon us . Let me give you an example . Cities like Chennai or Mumbai are built up in certain ways . Now we see that flooding events or extraordinary rainfall events can create huge catastrophes in those places . How can we afford to neglect these impacts ? Mumbai was profoundly affected by the 2005 disaster . Not only did it take a toll on human lives , it took a significant toll on the city 's economic prospects . After the catastrophe , many industries bypassed Mumbai and shifted to other cities because they saw the danger . The same happens with Chennai . In the wake of this , people who built manufacturing plants there are now rethinking their options.Think of the massive drought in central India this year . Hundreds of thousands of people were compelled to leave Bundelkhand and move to cities like Delhi and Mumbai . It also took a huge toll on those big cities because they were already overcrowded.Secondly , it 's a catastrophe in the long run . The places that were deserted due to drought , are also hugely affected . Who will do the farming there ? Who will do the agriculture ? You know , there is some sort of misplaced belief among Indians that middle-class people , or well-off people , will be spared such problems . This is a completely misplaced idea . What happened in Mumbai or Chennai affected middle-class , rich and powerful people . Look at what happened to Bangalore , Delhi or Gurgaon.Yes , it is completely ignored , especially in India . Very few books have been written about the Mumbai disaster , very few films have been made . Not even enough documentaries.No , they are not . The problem is largely their making and they are doing nothing to address it . The issue of environmental justice has been completely sidelined , which is very unfortunate . These issues were raised in Paris , and I hope our government is dealing with them properly.I am working on a short non-fiction . It is based on my research on the India-China relationship . I am focusing on the nineteenth century , mainly on historical aspects .
READER COMMENTS ON
`` 'Working Stiffed ' : The Daily Show 's Mandvi Exposes Union 's Non-Union Picketers of Walmart ''
( 7 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... George Oldham said on 9/21/2010 @ 11:21 am PT ...
As a union member I was very disappointed in what I saw . I fear those who are anti-union will hold this up as an example of why unions are bad . In my union we walk our own picket lines when we feel a picket is justified . All I can say about the substance of the issue between the union and Walmart is what I was taught as a child ; two wrongs do n't make a right .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 9/21/2010 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
While I did n't like what will eventually be the diminishing of the cause of Unions , I did like the underlying message . Unions demand `` their guys '' get a decent shake , but that does n't extend to everyone . I 'm guessing this only applies to SOME Unions , as every union is different ( right ? ) . Yet , the `` report '' was about a false equivalency . Wal-Mart is a huge corporation , they have access to huge amounts of resources , and their ends are for the few at the top to be filthy rich . It makes sense , then , to demand they adequately care for the workers that are helping `` shareholders '' and `` corporate officers '' ( who make millions a year ) get all that money from the labor of the workers . That is _clearly_ different than `` common workers '' trying to get a message out , and using their personal incomes to do such things . The workers are n't `` making profits '' like a corporation does , they do n't have the access to resources like corporations do , they do n't get to write off those expenditures like corporations do . So acting like the Union is `` bad like a corporation '' for `` hiring temporary workers '' ends up being a fairly dishonest presentation . You might as well say that when you hire someone to come and clean your house ( free lance ) you should offer them a year 's worth of insurance since Janitors working at some local corporate headquarters has benefits at that job , through their Union . The only part that stuck out at me was that these workers are getting minimum wage .. yet , they are doing minimum wage jobs ! .. I do n't know if the guys in that Union have health coverage , but if they DO they seemingly had little to `` picket about '' . We do n't know , so I would call that a `` failing in the Journalistic premise '' . But calling Union workers out as the same as Wal-Mart is , in my opinion , disingenuous .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 9/21/2010 @ 3:25 pm PT ...
I was in a union once . Every single union rep who stood up for me against management , got promoted and moved to a different worksite . Management had a very effective way of dealing with union demands -- it just co-opted the troublemakers . But I remember back when most unions did n't welcome people of color or women . The unions in most of the high-paying industries had primarily white male memberships . Decades later , one of those unions sent me a snailmail offering me an `` associate membership '' for a small annual fee . Being unemployed , I turned down their kind offer . A few years later they offered that same associate membership to the unemployed for free , which I thought was mighty white of them , but I still did n't join . I support unions led by people of color and low-wage workers . As for the old-style unions that threw in with their capitalist bosses , I think they deserved what they got .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 9/21/2010 @ 6:06 pm PT ...
`` This is the one where I nail you . '' Brilliant . But I am a union worker , and I would n't have it any other way . I 've done non-union teaching work overseas . I have many disagreements with my union leadership , because in the end , they have to have some sort of working relationship with the district , and sometimes the students do get the short end - but not nearly as often as we would if the districts had their way . There 's good and bad in everything . We all got ta do our best to put food on our families . My biggest beef with the WEA was when they endorsed Sam Reed for SoS .
COMMENT # 5 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 9/22/2010 @ 6:10 pm PT ...
I am a Union member and have been for over 25yrs .
We use our own members and those on our extra board to do our informational picketing . `` Informational Picketing '' is what I have seen being done here . No one was on strike which is a whole different situation and on UFCW strikes
( or lockouts ) we have had here in St Louis in the past , those lines were made up with the Checker 's and Bagger 's I see daily when I shop there . Now I am not trying to defend Mike from Local 711 , they should of been more well versed to respond to this but as Savantster hit on , I 'd also have to say , this is a minimum wage job .
And of course it makes sense to hire from a temp agency for those workers instead of employing
them . It is a temporary job .
But it was a good piece nonetheless !
COMMENT # 6 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 9/22/2010 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
Did anyone catch this btw ?
Marijuana Growers Join the Teamsters Union Their newly negotiated two-year contract provides them with a pension , paid vacation and health insurance . Their current wages of $ 18 per hour will increase to $ 25.75 an hour within 15 months , according to the union . …
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Larry bergan said on 9/23/2010 @ 7:03 am PT ...
Welcome to /r/islam !
Post your articles , pictures , blogs , videos , and other interesting things relating to Islam .
Everyone is welcome in this subreddit . Not all of the moderators are Muslims . Please treat people with the compassion and dignity that you would want for yourself .
Have a question ? Please visit our wiki first . Do note that it is a work in progress .
Moderation Policy
Be kind , respectful , and sincere . Please feel free to ask any questions , engage us in positive intellectual discourse , and just hang around : )
We do NOT tolerate trolling , verbal abuse , disrespect , or comments that incite others based on difference of belief , race , ethnicity , etc . Everything will be judged on case by case basis .
Users who post questions regarding the religion on a specific topic should not have their threads derailed or be proselytized about other beliefs .
NSFW/NSFL posts are restricted and must be approved by a moderator .
No cross posting .
Do not give or imply any rulings . You can refer to and cite other rulings given by scholars .
Or else you will be banned .
: D
Related Subreddits
/r/Hijabis - A fun place for the modern Muslimah .
/r/Converts - Resources and helpful discussions by and for converts to Islam .
/r/Recitation - Recitation of the Qur'an by redditors and others .
/r/TheDailyMuslimRage - A place for Muslim rage comics .
/r/EatingHalal - A place to share tips on .. well , eating halal !
/r/MuslimNofap - A safe place where Muslims are encouraged and supported in abstaining from pornography and masturbation .
Extras
For an Arabic salah ( e.g . `` The Prophet Muhammad `` ) , type :
[ ] ( /pbuh )
For , type :
[ ] ( /swt )
Welcome !
Feel free to ask whatever question you like , just please be respectful !
by Emma Quangel
May 9 , 2016
Imagine , if you will , the year 2016 . It is a year of war . Syria , Iraq , Yemen , Libya , Palestine , Lebanon , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Ukraine , Turkey – just a handful in a long list – are under attack . Covert operations angling at “ regime change ” take place in the Caribbean , Central and South America . The African continent is engulfed in conflict , the threat of “ regime change ” knocking against even South Africa 's door . The BRICs are threatened , destabilizing . Thousands drown every year in the Mediterranean while millions more flood Europe , desperate for refuge from the violence and poverty that plagues their homelands . The right is on the rise across Europe , the US , Canada and Australia . The global economy is sagging under the weight of its own contradictions .
The United States government , that acts as the hired guns of a global class of jet-setting billionaires , imprisons 2.3 million of its own people . 3.2 per cent of its citizens are under correctional control . The descendants of those once kidnapped and enslaved are particularly tormented – one in three black males in the USA will spend some time in prison . 12,000 children in Flint , Michigan are poisoned by lead in the water . 60,000 people in New York City are homeless . Nearly 1,000 people were killed by the police in the United States last year . Thousands more are tortured – even boiled alive – in US prisons . In the state of Louisiana , black men in chains pick cotton for slave wages while overseers toting shotguns monitor them from horseback . The electoral system is rigged , disenfranchises millions , and offers the same solution , year after year : submit or be crushed .
Imagine , if you will , the year 2016 without a revolutionary movement against such conditions .
The Black Panther Party was possibly the highwater mark for American revolution in the 20th century because it existed in concert with , and gave guidance to , a broad-based antiwar movement . While the labor struggles of the working class at the turn of the century were integral in improving the lives of millions of Americans and providing a platform for revolutionary socialism , it was n't until the radical labor movement started to speak out against the First World War that they were persecuted in full by the government , lynched , deported and imprisoned . Likewise , the Black Panthers were most heavily targeted when they developed a line that connected the suffering of the American people to the suffering inflicted on others by the United States abroad . In both instances , the culprit was imperialism , capitalism made flesh in the form of guns and planes that could stamp out challenges to its hegemony .
That the Black Panther Party even existed should one of the greatest points of pride among radicals in the United States . Indeed , Black Panthers are still on the run from the FBI or languishing in prisons , sometimes for decades under solitary confinement . They were able to serve the people while educating them about the world we lived in . To the Black Panthers , to anyone who would call themselves a dialectical materialist , the idea that the United States Government is an institution that can be reformed is simply absurd . The United States Government , to Marxists , does not exist as a faulty waiter failing to bring free health care and universal housing with the check , but rather , to mediate class conflict in favor of the bourgeoisie – not just in the United States , but worldwide . The Black Panthers saw this , and declared themselves in solidarity with the victims of imperialism . They toured the world , meeting with revolutionaries from North Korea to Vietnam . And this , along with organizing among poor black communities in the United States , is what brought down the wrath of the state on their heads .
It is possible to say that a revolutionary movement in the United States can only exist when there is praxis that recognizes the relationship between oppression in the US and imperialism . I would further venture to say that there can be no praxis without the two elements being present concurrently , and that no honest effort at building a revolutionary movement in the US can be made without recognizing that there must be an antiwar movement to join , and that this antiwar movement must be anti-imperialist .
After all , the wars of today differ greatly from the wars of the early 20th century , the wars that threw Emma Goldman and Big Bill Haywood in jail . We no longer have the draft – the popular rage over Vietnam saw an end to that – and the US spends more time launching air strikes from unmanned drones than digging trenches or preparing for bayonet combat . Likewise , imperialism does n't always take place at the end of a gun . The IMF and World Bank , created at the end of World War II , helped to exert influence over economies and governments where a heavier , more direct hand was once required . The creation of NATO and the Cold War made imperialism seem a war of ideologies , rather than the ham-fisted grab at resources that it was . Now , it seems that while American bombs and bullets murder so many worldwide , we are encouraged to side with imperialism as socialists . We are expected to take on the reasoning of George W. Bush and Samantha Power so long as it is dressed up and marketed in a way that pleases us , even if we consider ourselves “ Left ” leaning politically . Like soda and smartphones , we are exhorted to find identity in our positions , to represent ourselves by our consumer choices .
An alarming trend is on the rise in the United States and in the English-speaking world more generally : the ubiquitous Op-Ed . What was once relegated to just one page of the newspaper ( the term Op-Ed meaning something that ran on the page opposite to Editorial ) now makes up large sections of online news media . I imagine it is cheaper to pay a freelancer $ 250 ( optimistic ! ) for their opinion than finance a foreign bureau . Whole TV networks run on an audio-visual version of the Op-Ed . It is a form of news that directly tells its reader how to think about the current events . Many gains their information on a topic simply from reading Op-eds . Today 's columnist and pundit is a TV show , someone that we can tune into on a regular basis for entertainment and flattery . If one show is boring , if you do n't like what they 're saying – simply switch the channel . It does n't matter , as all are trying to sell you a ruling class agenda . And , above all else , in our 24 hour news cycle , we are never allowed to present news in a boring way . The VICE lifestyle brand turned global news channel , with its correspondents pulled from content marketing 's central casting , is a prime example of the desire to “ sex-up ” news by letting opinions lead coverage . It is a way to engage the youth , as it boasts openly , to not only consume brands , but also official narratives , with enthusiasm .
A narrative example from the Op-ed world of news could be as follows : In Syria , democratic protesters are fighting against a brutal regime that slaughters them with impunity . These democratic protesters , now called rebels , are always at risk of being annihilated by state violence and torture because the Western Left has “ failed ” them.We must all support these rebels and pressure our government to do the right thing , whatever that might be .
Some articles might be run in conjunction , many that might contradict this narrative . We might learn from respected journalists with years of experience and lauded professional histories that things are n't so simple . We might learn from State Department press transcripts that these brave rebels take quite a lot of money from the US Government . But it does n't matter if half of the paper contradicts the other half . When we are told how to read the news , through the eyes of these pundits , we are happily oblivious of whatever facts might contradict our chosen authority . After all , Thomas Friedman is far more influential and famous than some no-name stringer for The Times . Anyone who might disagree with the official narrative , even if they are respected journalists , scholars or activists , are now called conspiracy theorists , “ hacks ” or worse .
But while journalists are still nominally held to professional standards , the pundit owes no such thing to their audience . After all , this is just their opinion , and they are not expected to have thoroughly researched differing narratives – nor is they obligated to present opposing views , or to present anything evenly – when publishing them Op-ed . This is not unexpected , nor is it dishonest to the job description of a “ pundit ” . It 's up to the publication to decide how much of its material is news , and how much of it is entertainment packaged as Op-eds .
Yet , there is danger when a pundit or entertainer decides to call themselves a journalist without having been subjected to the same standards we would expect from the NYT stringer . Facts are not checked and sources are not vetted . So-called journalists , such as Michael Weiss or Molly Crabapple , rely heavily on anonymous sources who slip them scintillating information or photographs . And yet , I am unsure who these sources are , who has vetted them , and how they did so . Indeed , as this new generation straddles the line between journalist and pundit , the means by which they communicate are themselves in question . My own WhatsApp number is from Iraq , though I have not lived there since October 2015 . So , I think it 's natural to ask how these sources are processed , especially if the Op-ed writers posing as journalists are writing whole books based on their testimony , appearing on talk shows as experts , and building careers off promoting wars . While the content may be biased and one-sided , laden with marketing copy and convenient omissions , we should be incredibly wary on how we define , protect , but also how we verify the “ source ” . Indeed , I wouldask how these pundits find , vet and receive information , but as many already tried to have me fired from my last job for asking such questions , it 's pointless to attempt from my position – though I welcome corrections and inputs from editorial .
As it stands , The Guardian admitted last week that it had been fed stories on Syria by the UK Home Office operating from behind a PR firm that was operating a Syrian advocacy campaign . Breakthrough Media joins its American agency Purpose ( via The Syria Campaign ) in pushing advocacy for pro-intervention narratives on the Syria conflict . What is left out of the discussion of whether or not public funds are being used to propagandize war to the tax-paying public is the disclosure of whom the freelance “ journalists ” are that are being paid or otherwise lobbied to write on Syria . We would expect that journalists taking money or in kind contributions from campaign staff disclose such information when writing on the election – why not the same expectation from those who write on foreign policy matters ? Perhaps it is because , in the long run , such issues are far weightier than whatever new jab a candidate throws on social media or a cable news talk show . One of the more chilling revelations from The Guardian , one seemingly lifted straight from my book , is that some of the journalists reported they were unaware that they were being utilized in this way .
If we knew that Fred Hampton or Emma Goldman were taking money from public relations firms ( who may or may not have been receiving marching orders from governments ) when speaking or writing on the wars they opposed , would n't that change the way we see their positions ? And certainly , if we were to discover that some of our favorite , cherished personalities who regularly tell us how to read the news were taking money from PR firms , to confuse , mislead , attack or threaten activists who might otherwise try and build a case against the US government 's wars abroad and at home , would n't that be a scandal ?
There may be no antiwar movement today because we live in a media environment that seeks to destroy it in its nascence . Andrew Bacevich , in their recent instructive essay for Harper 's called “ American Imperium ” , makes the case that :
The trivializing din of what passes for news drowns out the antiwar critique . One consequence of remaining perpetually at war is that the political landscape in America does not include a peace party .
Indeed , before there can be a peace party , there must be an antiwar critique . And the “ trivializing din ” that Bacevich speaks of is not simply drowning out antiwar critique , it is merciless in seeking to destroy and discredit ideas such as the fact that the United States enjoys unprecedented military , economic , ideological and strategic domination over the entire world . Such ideas , when voiced publicly , are met with derision and laughter . As if , with dozens of bases and tens of thousands of soldiers surrounding Russia , one could seriously argue that Russia is imperialist , or an equal threat to world peace as the US . There are no Russian bases and no Russian soldiers garrisoned on our borders . We can not even know , as the numbers are not publicly available , how many US soldiers and bases are currently in the Middle East – indeed , how many are currently in Iraq and Syria , where much conflict is currently taking place . Whereas before , reliable journalists and their supportive editors might have been successful in discovering such figures , they are now too focused on revenue and survival . This opens wide the door for propagandists who wish to deride and discredit any remaining “ Left ” antiwar sentiment in the US . Until this is resolved , building an anti-imperialist antiwar movement will remain an uphill battle , even among smaller groups , as subjectivity and sophistry continues to be taught and promoted over objectivity , materialism , serious study and clear thinking .
SHARE
By of the
It 's been 44 years since Father Mel Hermanns sexually abused a boy at St. Lawrence Seminary in Mount Calvary in Fond du Lac County .
It 's been 23 years since a separate case of suspicious conduct `` involving physical activities with minor males '' was reported .
And 20 years since the Capuchin priest 's order paid for the seminary victim 's counseling , and sent Hermanns to a treatment center known for its programs for sex offenders .
But Hermanns was not removed from ministry until just last fall , and even then there was little public notification .
Hermanns ' name appears on a list of 23 current and former Capuchin friars removed for sexually abusing minors . It was released last week as part of an unprecedented audit commissioned by the Detroit-based Capuchin Province of St. Joseph , which operates parishes and other ministries in Milwaukee , to assess its sexual abuse policies and come to terms with its history .
The audit echoes the broader church 's handling of the global sex abuse crisis , and provides insight into how one religious order systematically protected abusers and put the concerns of friars and their organization ahead of their responsibility to victims . It also shows why abuse victims have been adamant that religious orders be more transparent , and that dioceses take more responsibility for order priests living and working in their communities .
In emails to the Journal Sentinel , Capuchin Provincial Minister Father John Celichowski acknowledged the order erred in its handling of Hermanns ' case , blaming it in part on poor record-keeping , lack of communication between provincials and a 2002 review by the Archdiocese of Chicago that also found them fit for service .
`` We believe that this episode , troubling and embarrassing as it is , underscores the efficacy of our ... audit , '' said Celichowski , who took over as provincial minister in 2008 .
But victims and advocates voiced anger that it has taken the Capuchins so long .
`` Shame on them , '' said Milwaukee attorney Robert Elliott , who filed several unsuccessful lawsuits against the Capuchins in the 1990s , accusing them of encouraging sexual abuse at St. Lawrence , destroying documents and trying to silence victims and employees who spoke up .
Those lawsuits , and many others like them , were dismissed after the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled in 1995 that suing religious institutions over their handling of sex abuse cases violated their First Amendment right to the free expression of religion .
`` They knew about Hermanns , as well as the other predators at St. Lawrence and their rampant , uncontrolled sexual abuse of young boys in explicit detail as early as 1993 , probably earlier , '' Elliott said . `` They have no excuse for not removing and defrocking Hermanns 20 years ago . ''
Cases in the 1990s
St. Lawrence is a high school seminary run by the Capuchins atop a scenic hill in Fond du Lac County since the 1800s .
Several of the friars on the list of offenders — Fathers Gale Leifeld and Jude Hahn , Brother Thomas Gardipee and others — were removed from ministry in the 1990s after The Milwaukee Journal uncovered the history of sexual abuse at the school in 1992 . Among the victims there were Peter Isely , Midwest director for the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests , now an internationally known advocate for survivors of sexual abuse .
The Capuchins acknowledged that abuse in a 1993 document known as the Kersten Report , although the latest audit says it underestimated the number of victims and abusers . Hermanns ' name does not appear in the report .
Hermanns ' incident , reported in 1993 , involved an encounter with a St. Lawrence student in 1969 , according to the Capuchins . Hermanns never actually worked at the high school . At the time , they were based in Detroit as part of the Capuchins ' vocations team and traveled the Capuchins ' 10-state region recruiting teens to become friars .
The Capuchins will not say , even now , what the incident entailed . And they insist it was the only allegation they ever received about Hermanns .
In 1990 , when Hermanns was serving as pastor at St. Elizabeth Parish in Milwaukee — now St. Martin de Porres — observers , including Archdiocese of Milwaukee staff , reported them for `` suspect conduct involving physical activities with minor males , '' according to the Capuchins .
After the abuse allegation surfaced in 1993 , the order paid the victim 's counseling fees . And it sent Hermanns , along with fellow friars accused of sexually abusing minors at St. Lawrence , to a now-defunct New Mexico treatment center dubbed `` Camp Ped '' for its programs for pedophile priests .
For a while , the Capuchins imposed restrictions on Hermanns ' ministry , sending them to serve at an Appleton retreat house with orders not to have unsupervised contact with young people .
But they were cleared for full ministry and sent in 1999 to Our Lady Gate of Heaven in Chicago , which had an adjacent school at the time . Parishioners were not alerted to their history .
Three years later , the Chicago archdiocese 's professional fitness review board took another look at the 1993 allegation and concurred that the original abuse was not sexual , according to the Capuchins . The order said it does n't know why the order revisited the allegation , and the Chicago archdiocese declined to say , claiming confidentiality .
They remained at Our Lady Gate of Heaven parish until last year .
`` When a new provincial comes in , they do n't go through every file ; it has n't been the practice , '' said Amy Peterson , former victim assistance coordinator for the Archdiocese of Milwaukee , who now heads the Capuchins ' Office of Pastoral Care and Conciliation .
`` The audit was an attempt to see if anything was ever missed , and that was true with Mel , '' they said . `` In a sense , we all failed ... and we accept responsibility for that . ''
Critic on audit panel
Even before its release , the Capuchin audit was remarkable , if only for its choice of auditors : among them , Father Thomas Doyle , a Dominican priest and internationally known canon lawyer , who has spent the last 30 years bludgeoning the Catholic Church over its mishandling of the sex abuse crisis .
Doyle , who first alerted the American bishops to the coming abuse tsunami in the 1980s and has testified against the Catholic Church in numerous lawsuits , said they told Capuchins early on that they would not take part in a whitewash .
`` I told them , the first whiff I get of a coverup , I 'm out of here . I 'm going public , '' they said .
The audit is critical , noting that the Capuchins , like the broader church , moved problem priests from place to place without sharing their troubled histories , rarely reported abusers to civil authorities and used aggressive tactics against victims . In one case their lawyers threatened to out a victim 's sexual orientation .
In all , the auditors reviewed more than 1,000 personnel files , provincial council minutes going back to the 1930s , and other documents — some that were missing from the Capuchins ' archives , but were provided by victims .
Hermanns ' personnel file quickly piqued the interest of auditors , in part because their stint at the treatment center run by the Servants of the Paracletes in Jemez Springs , said Doyle .
The auditors asked to see their treatment file , to which Hermanns had to consent . Because of their concerns , the Capuchins had Hermanns re-evaluated , and during that process , the friar admitted the 1969 incident was sexual . They also admitted other `` boundary issues '' with minor boys that the Capuchins will not discuss to this day , saying it would violate their right to privacy .
Hermanns was pulled from ministry in September 2012 , and Chicago Cardinal Francis George withdrew their faculties needed to function as a priest in that archdiocese . No mention appears on the Archdiocese of Chicago website , which features the names of restricted diocesan priests , though Our Lady Gate of Heaven is a parish of the archdiocese . The Capuchin and archdiocese disagree over who should have made the decision public in 2012 .
The relationship between religious orders and dioceses is a continuing conflict in priest sex abuse cases . The Milwaukee archdiocese , which has filed for bankruptcy protection as a result of sex abuse claims against it , argues that it is not responsible for the actions of religious order priests . It includes only diocesan priests on its public list of priests with substantiated allegations .
Victim groups disagree , noting that the archbishop must grant permission for religious order clergy , including friars , to minister publicly in their geographic area . They also note that parishioners rarely make a distinction , particularly if order priests are serving at diocesan parishes .
Undisclosed location
The Capuchins say Hermanns is now living in a supervised environment , away from schools , but they will not say where . Catholic religious orders , including the Capuchins , rarely defrock their troubled priests , seeking instead to monitor and care for them within their community .
It is not clear what became of the victim . The Capuchins will not say whether they received a settlement . Except for two five-figure awards mentioned in the audit , any settlements generally range from $ 2,000 to $ 4,000 , it said .
Isely , of SNAP , scoffed at the discrepancy in how priests and their victims are treated .
`` What 's fortunate for them , '' Isely said of abusive friars , is they 're taken care of .
`` If you look at the way the offenders have been treated by Capuchins — not just money , but the way they went after victims — it 's absolutely stunning . ''
Peterson insists the Capuchins are trying to right those wrongs , by admitting their errors and compensating victims who were harmed .
`` Our goal is to be honest with people , to help people , '' they said .
President Donald Trump has been on a tear this week in their ongoing war against the news media .
That war turned down an especially bitter path after three CNN staffers resigned over a retracted story about a member of Trump 's transition team , but Trump has been railing against the press since they announced their 2016 bid for the White House in the summer of 2015 .
The president 's attacks have not stopped since they took office . A rough analysis by CNN on Thursday showed that during Trump 's time as president , they have attacked the media on Twitter more than they have tweeted about jobs or the military .
The tally , presented by CNN host Jake Tapper , showed that , out of approximately 770 tweets Trump sent as president so far , about 85 tweets of those tweets were attacks against the media , roughly 67 tweets focused on jobs , and about 27 tweets were about the military .
View the graphic below :
Our rough analysis of 770 @ realDonaldTrump tweets since their presidency began : 85 attacking press , 67 mentioning jobs , 27 on troops/veterans pic.twitter.com/IqRYSnvmqe — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) June 30 , 2017
CNN has been a frequent target of Trump 's tweets and rants , with them often describing the network as `` fake news . '' On Thursday , Trump interrupted their own speech at the Energy Department to call out CNN again .
Trump has targeted other news outlets and personalities as well , including a deeply personal attack against MSNBC hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough that prompted fierce rebukes from Republican lawmakers on Thursday .
NOW WATCH : ' I 'll ask it one more time ' : Kellyanne Conway wo n't say whether Trump thinks climate change is a hoax
More From Business Insider
Tampa leads the state in a new report on how well cities promote equality for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender residents .
St. Petersburg ranks eighth among 15 Florida cities rated Wednesday by the Human Rights Campaign in Washington , D.C .
`` It 's a message that Tampa is open for business and welcoming of talent , '' said Nadine Smith , the chief executive officer of Equality Florida , which helped produce the report .
`` A big win for the city , '' Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn said , and one that shows `` who we are and where we 're going . ''
`` It 's not only important that we 're a diverse community , '' but that `` we celebrate the intrinsic value of everyone regardless of the god they worship or who they love , '' said Buckhorn , who this year became the highest ranking official ever to take part in St. Pete Pride 's Carnivale parade .
In 2012 , Tampa was the first bay area city to create a domestic partnership registry , with St. Petersburg , Gulfport , Clearwater and Pinellas County following suit . Since then , Tampa has had 500 couples register at City Hall .
The Human Rights Campaign ranks cities on whether they :
• Have non-discrimination laws for employment , housing and public accommodations .
• Recognize same-sex relationships through domestic partnership registries , civil unions or other measures .
• Have LGBT-sensitive employment and contracting policies .
• Provide services such as a liaison in the mayor 's office or police department .
• Report hate crime statistics to the FBI .
• Have a good relationship with the LGBT community .
Tampa 's best scores were for having non-discrimination laws , recognizing same-sex relationships , its law enforcement policies and its relationship with the LGBT community .
St. Petersburg 's scored best in relationship recognition and its relationship with the LGBT community . The score , however , does n't reflect the full scope of protections St. Petersburg residents have , City Council member Steve Kornell said .
St. Petersburg has had its own human rights ordinance , but Pinellas County took over the enforcement of those protections . So the city 's residents are still covered , they said .
Kornell also said conversations are under way with the Pinellas County School District about improving its bullying policy .
Also , as a result of the Nov. 5 city election , St. Petersburg will have three gay City Council members : Kornell , Amy Foster and Darden Rice . The Human Rights Campaign gives bonus points for cities with openly gay elected or appointed leaders , but this year 's deadline for submitting that information was midnight on election day , they said .
`` Next year , our score 's going to be much higher , '' Kornell said .
Rounding out the top five Florida cities are Oakland Park in Broward County , Tallahassee , Wilton Manors , also in Broward , and Orlando .
No other Tampa Bay area city was ranked . The study looked at 293 cities nationwide , including every state capital , the 150 largest cities in the United States , 75 cities with high percentages of same-sex couples and the city with each state 's largest public university . In Florida , that 's the University of Central Florida in Orlando .
`` No one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails . A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens , but its lowest ones . '' So said Nelson Mandela after spending close to three decades of their life imprisoned .
December 17 marks two years since the United Nations General Assembly unanimously adopted the Nelson Mandela Rules , the minimum standards for how we should treat people behind bars . And so it is fitting that today we judge our nation through Mandela 's eyes – how we choose to treat the men , women and children who are locked away in prisons across Australia .
Strip searches are ubiquitous in almost all Australian prisons . Credit : Angela Wylie
Australia is cramming people into prisons at increasing and record rates . Around 40,000 adults and 1000 children are behind bars today .
The backdrop to Australia 's prisons is one characterised by social betrayal and prejudice : people who have been sexually abused as children , domestic violence survivors , Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and people with disability are all unfairly over-represented in every prison in every state and territory .
We 've taken a look at some of the biggest rivalries heading into The International 2016 , but what about the surprises ? This is the first time at TI for teams like Vici Gaming Reborn and Digital Chaos , and many of the more established orgs are attending the event with new rosters that have yet to meet some of the biggest competition from across the pond .
How will Korean giants MVP Phoenix fare if they run into rough-and-tumble Wings Gaming in the group stage ? What will happen in the inevitable first meeting between Newbee and Na ` Vi 's latest squad ? theScore esports asked Gorgon the Wonder Cow to take a look at some of the more intriguing possibilities for this week 's big event .
MVP Phoenix vs. Wings Gaming
Wings and MVP landed at fourth and fifth on our power rankings . Both squads are marching into TI6 with extremely similar narratives , having risen from the ashes of regions left devastated to surprise the world with exceptional performances .
MVP Phoenix swept through The Manila Major to finish in the Top 6 , while Wings have regularly toppled Chinese giant Newbee , in addition to taking first at The Summit 5 and ESL One Manila . Despite that , the two teams have only ever played at the same event three times : DAC , WCA 2015 and The Manila Major . That 's made it unlikely for either team to get grouped with the other or bracketed into a match . The International is likely the first time they 'll meet one another on the map .
MVP and Wings both engage in very similar playstyles , centered on transitioning out of the laning phase with heavy aggression to knock opponents out before they 've had a chance to build up momentum . Wings have been much more active in the past several weeks , taking second place at the Nanyang Championships , which implies they 'll be heading into Seattle with their blades nice and sharp . On the other hand , we do n't know which teams MVP have been scrimming ahead of TI . Wings are certainly a favorite , but either way a match between these two should be a bloodbath .
Vici Gaming Reborn vs . Team Liquid
It 's hard to believe that VG.R has yet to face Liquid , considering the played in the same group division for The Manila Major , but thanks to VG.R 's first-series loss against Fnatic and the GSL-style format for those group stages , the opportunity never came up . The young Chinese squad that Vici put together after The Shanghai Major has n't reached any other tournaments that Liquid have attended .
VG.R is far from a powerhouse squad these days . They 've only played eight games this sub-patch ( 6.88b ) , of which they lost half of them , including both of their games against LGD ( the only other International team they 've played ) . Even China 's Wild Card representative split a two-game series against VG.R in their most recent bout just over two weeks ago .
But everybody counted VG.R out at the StarLadder i-League Invitational , where they ended up knocking out LGD , OG , Virtus.pro and Na ` Vi , as well as beating MVP Phoenix . VG.R have had some inactive time in order to assess the situation , and compared to some regions , China has better scrimmage partners for them to practice against . It 's possible VG.R come out of the gate with more of a kick than expected .
Liquid , of course , have n't shown many signs of slowing down . Their placement at The Summit 5 felt under-representative due to some drafting and gameplay decisions they made that gave the appearance of blatant experimentation . They ran a particularly greedy draft against Wings Gaming , known as one of the best teams at punishing greed in modern Dota . They seemed to be testing the boundaries like raptors against an electric fence , just taking note of the weak points .
This is a match that , if we see it , is expected to be somewhat one-sided . But if Liquid were n't just testing at The Summit , or if recent inactivity has made them rusty , perhaps VG.R can upset the world 's expectations one more time .
Newbee vs. Na ` Vi
Although these International-winning teams have faced each other in six past games , their current rosters have never gone head-to-head . The only player on Natus Vincere to have experience against Newbee is Danil `` Dendi '' Ishutin , who faced them twice since the Chinese squad ascended to the championship in 2014 . Both teams have had roster shuffles and a renaissance since that time — Newbee took first in the mostly Chinese Nanyang Championships and third at the last Major , while Na ` Vi took first at StarSeries and second at ESL One Frankfurt .
That win at StarSeries is Na ` Vi 's first gold at an event since 2014 . The last time these organizations saw each other was a one-game series at the Dota 2 Asia Championships well over a year ago . Since then , Na ` Vi have gone through fourteen players , including their current roster of Dmitry `` Ditya Ra '' Minenkov , Victor `` GeneRaL '' Nigrini , Akbar `` SoNNeikO '' Butaev , a return of TI1 champion member Ivan `` ArtStyle '' Antonov , and the eternal presence of veteran Dendi .
Ditya Ra , GeneRaL , and SoNNeikO are all too new to the Dota scene to have had a chance to face Newbee ; none of them played with a team of inter-regional status before joining Na ` Vi . ArtStyle is an old-guard veteran , but years of inactivity and regional play after The International 2011 left the former captain without a chance to face many Chinese teams .
Newbee , by contrast , is made up of plenty of members that have had chances to face Na ` Vi in many iterations . Chen `` Hao '' Zhihao and Zhang `` Mu '' Pan both suffered what is still one of the most controversial and humiliating defeats at the hands of Na ` Vi 's TI3 squad : the infamous fountain-hooking incident .
The modern Newbee is one of the most traditional Chinese teams remaining in the world . They spend a lot of effort creating tiered scaling drafts , so that they have their three cores activate at different times , always pushing toward a late-game victory . They have one of the longest average game-times in the world and somehow manage to deal with a highly early and aggressive metagame that often sees two ( or even three ) cores hit their power spike between 14-20 minutes .
However , the modern Na ` Vi still retains the fan-favorite spirit of the classic squad . Although they are more objective-minded than they have been at some points in the past , their focus is still on aggression and out-combating opponents .
Wings have been particularly successful against Newbee ( with a 2:1 win ratio in the last few months ) by accelerating too fast for Newbee 's comfort , giving the former world champions no time to get Hao the farm they need to step up and become a one-man demolition derby . Na ` Vi is known for aggression , similar to Wings , but is slightly more predictable in their drafting patterns .
Two former championship organizations with new members and a somewhat grudging past . This is a match I want to see played out with elimination on the line .
TNC vs. Digital Chaos
TNC have n't played the vast majority of their opponents at The International 2016 , largely because this will be their first time competing in the West ( though they did reach China for WCA in December of 2015 with most of their current roster ) . Digital Chaos , on the flip side , is a team of mostly European transplants that looked quite promising leading into The Manila Major but has hit an extended rough patch .
With their excellent showing relative to their Southeast Asia counterparts and the polarizing American Jimmy `` DeMoN '' Ho joining , this is a match that could set the pace for a TNC dark-horse rise , or a Digital Chaos resurgence , for that matter . Most analysts expect that both teams will fall out before Top 8 at The International , but TNC comes in especially unproven .
Digital Chaos plays with a fairly even allocation of resources throughout their team , while TNC has one of the most extremely one-sided preferences in the tournament . The pairing should be quite a sight indeed : Marc Polo `` Raven '' Luis Fausto and Carlo `` Kuku '' Palad at the extremes of wealth , as Digital Chaos groups up with mid-game heroes including Beastmaster , Lion , Doom , Lifestealer and Batrider and tries to disrupt that farm .
In all honestly , Digital Chaos is less the foe they were a few months ago , but they are also more of a foe than TNC has faced in a very long time ( barring Fnatic , whom they did manage to beat twice during the International qualifiers ) . This match could break either way , and if TNC did well here it would be a stepping stone into a potential surprise run through their group . Most years there 's at least one little-known team that comes into TI who catches powerhouses sleeping in the first few days of the group stage .
There 's also usually a team or two that well surpasses expectations in the main bracket . Digital Chaos would be a tremendous scouting match for TNC : their preferred playstyle is in the same vein as OG , Liquid and LGD , but far less polished . Likewise , for Digital Chaos this match could be a confidence booster and stepping stone to larger opponents .
Either way , I 'm hoping we get to catch this match early in the group stage .
Ryan `` Gorgon the Wonder Cow '' Jurado writes about Dota 2 and freelances for theScore esports . You can follow them on Twitter .
The White House on Sunday night appeared to scuttle a deal on so-called Dreamers—undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children—when it released a series of largely conservative policies that it wanted included in the final package .
Top congressional Democrats immediately denounced the proposals as poison pills , meant to undermine efforts to codify an Obama-era program to shield Dreamers from deportation , dubbed Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals .
But though they were caught off guard by the announcement , the signs were certainly there beforehand .
For weeks , top officials to the president have been working behind the scenes to upend a DACA deal that President Trump had been struck with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . And spearheading the campaign of behind-the-scenes impairment was White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller .
A need for a deal had been necessitated by the Trump administration 's decision to end DACA over the course of six months . But in the weeks after that decision was made , the president , along with Schumer and Pelosi agreed to a framework to protect DACA recipients in exchange for enhanced border security measures that notably did not include funding a border wall , Miller got to work .
Miller , a staunch immigration hawk , was conspicuously left out of the bipartisan dinner meeting where that DACA framework had been formed . By the morning after the dinner , Miller , sources say , was already in discussions with Capitol Hill offices about how to ensure conservative policy gains ended up in the final deal their boss might cut .
A hard-lined anti-immigration advocate , Miller strategized with Sen. Tom Cotton ( R-AR ) about a more specific , more conservative , set of extractions the White House would demand in the deal . Cotton was the natural choice—he is one of the Senate 's most conservative members on the immigration issue , and the co-author of legislation , dubbed the RAISE Act , to significantly limit the number of legal immigrants to the U.S .
“ They 've been in close and constant contact on DACA and RAISE , ” a source familiar with their discussions told The Daily Beast . Policies in line with Cotton 's legislation formed a key portion of the legislative “ principles ” released by the White House on Sunday .
Discussions between Cotton and Miller continued after last month 's meeting , the source said . According to Caroline Rabbit , Cotton 's spokesperson , the senator “ was and is in contact with numerous people in the administration about immigration policy. ” They described the discussions as broader than the Miller backchannel . “ I think it 's more accurate to characterize it as they extensively consulted with the [ White House ] on immigration as a whole over the last few several months , ” they said .
When asked about these talks several weeks ago , White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders downplayed their significance . “ The administration is working on a reform plan and relevant staff are engaging the hill , ” they said in an email . “ Separately the President mentioned Cotton and Perdue in their DACA statement in terms of reform priorities so there is n't really any news here . ”
On the Hill , however , Democrats were acutely aware of Miller 's presence and thought of it as an ominous sign . They just did n't think that Miller had rank over the other Trump White House official with whom they were speaking . As one Democratic aide told The Daily Beast , both Schumer and Pelosi had been in touch with chief of staff John Kelly several times since the DACA-deal dinner . “ Schumer also spoke to the president about it once urging them to move forward with the negotiations , ” the aide said .
That Miller operated largely out of view was by design . Multiple sources in the Trump White House tell The Daily Beast that they are acutely aware of how other senior Trump aides—including former chief strategist Steve Bannon , another immigration hardliner—have been banished to the doghouse by President Trump for assuming too large a public profile .
Miller worries about being portrayed as the true master of Trump 's immigration policy—a “ President Miller ” capable of vetoing any “ deal ” the actual president might strike with Democratic leaders—and has operated more carefully and less ostentatiously than someone like Bannon .
“ He actively fears becoming that… [ and ] goes to great lengths to avoid the ‘ Bannon overlord ' image that killed Bannon ” in the Trump White House , one of Miller 's West Wing colleagues told The Daily Beast . “ The last thing they want is for the president to see them as some showboat . ”
Despite those efforts , Miller remains a fascination of the press corps ( The New York Times was the latest publication to pen a lengthy profile of the aide on Monday ) and a much-recognized policy force inside the White House . Top aides describe them as integral to the president 's domestic policy agenda , immigration in particular .
“ We have this running joke that if we were going to get key man 's insurance on anyone , Stephen would top the list , ” Kellyanne Conway , counselor to the president , told The New York Times for that profile .
Miller did not respond to a request for comment . Other officials spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to speak freely about ongoing deliberations .
Even as Miller took a behind-the-scenes approach on the Hill , the White House maintained a steady dialogue with conservative members who will be key to any legislative effort to replace DACA . Leading the effort was Marc Short , the White House 's director of legislative affairs , who kept in touch with Rep. Mark Meadows ( R-NC ) , the chair of the influential House Freedom Caucus .
A House Republican source said Meadows also sat down with other senior officials pressing for a workable and passable DACA replacement . The North Carolina Republican has “ talked to several senior [ White House ] officials [ about ] DACA , ” the Hill source said . “ Not one in particular , but there was desire for conservatives to put on paper what they 'd like to see . ”
Over the past week , the fruits of those discussions became apparent . The administration began settling on a set of proposals to demand in exchange for giving legal protection to Dreamers . They included the RAISE Act , along with funding for a wall along the southern border and a mandate for employers ' use of technology to verify workers ' immigration statuses ,
On Tuesday , the White House told Democratic leaders that it would send their principles to congressional leadership of both parties by Friday afternoon . They did n't come . On Sunday , Pelosi and Schumer 's office were informed of it by their contacts with the Department of Homeland Security , aides said . They got a more specific rundown through press accounts and by listening in to a call with Short and other administration officials .
One top House aide called the roll out and the package itself “ ridiculous . ”
“ We would n't even trade this for legalizing 11 million people , ” the aide said . “ The point that was made in the dinner meeting was that the DREAM Act only covers a small portion of the 11 million [ undocumented immigrants in America ] . So we should be talking about a border security proposal ; not interior enforcement and certainly not a wall . ”
DACA recipients will begin to lose their tentative legal statuses on March 5 , 2018 .
As someone who is both queer and Catholic , I 've noticed something that bothers me about the way the Catholics I have known either talk about or interact with the queer community . Before I get into it , let me just say this : I believe , teach , and profess all that the Holy Catholic Church believes , teaches , and professes . I agree with the Church 's account of human nature , the human person , human sexuality and marriage . What I want to get into is n't about the moral or legal issue of marriage . It is n't about challenging the Church 's teachings ; it is n't about challenging doctrine . This is about loving people ; it 's about challenging those who call themselves Catholic to do a better job of being loving with particular regard to the queer community .
I 'll start off by sharing a bit about my own struggle with my sexuality . I usually call myself bisexual , just because it 's the closest to what I am . You might think that being bisexual means I 'm attracted to the same sex 50 % of the time , and the opposite sex 50 % of the time , but that is n't how it is with me . I 'd say about 30 % of the time I 'm attracted to the same sex , and 70 % of the time I 'm attracted to the opposite sex . I 've known since elementary school - I would get crushes on the guys and the girls in my class . As I grew older though , I knew being queer was n't a very safe thing to be . I also did n't really know how to handle it , how to talk about it , and I was afraid that being queer meant that there was something dark in me , something that made me unlovable . So I just pretended to be straight ; it was simpler that way and it was easy enough to hide being bisexual . I spent so long pretending to be straight that I actually started to believe my own ruse .
Fast forward to my senior year of college ; I had really grown into myself and was starting to get a handle on who I was . It was at this point that the issue of my sexuality surged forward into my prayer life . Try as I might , I could n't pretend to be straight when I was praying because I could n't be anything other than honest with God . I wanted to be honest in my prayer , but I was scared that if I told God the truth , They would n't love me as much . I remember one day I was so distraught that I ran to the Cathedral and sat down in front of the tabernacle . I told God that if They wanted to give up on me , if this was the final straw , if I was just so beyond saving - They could walk away from me , They could leave me , and I would n't blame Him . In that moment They said the sweetest , most gentle , most heartbreakingly loving thing anyone could have said . They told me that They already knew about my sexuality ( He does kind of know everything ) and that They wanted me all the same . They wanted me just as I was , They loved me exactly as They had made me . I felt that this thing made me so ugly and repulsive to Him , but They told me They thought I was beautiful . They were sort of gently furious with me - upset and angry that I thought so little of myself , but determined to pour kindness into me until I loved myself as They loved me . I walked away from that moment with Him , and told three of my friends that I was bisexual . It was the first time in my life I said it out loud to anyone and they reacted perfectly , with all the love and understanding I could have asked for .
This brings me up to the point I want to make . There are certain people I am friends with , faithful Catholics , who I do not feel safe sharing my sexuality with . Why ? Because one of them made a disgusted face and noise when they saw a gay couple kiss on TV , and had to look away from the screen . Because some of my Catholic friends talk about how whiny or childish the LGBT community is , not realizing that the fact there is a queer community helps me know I 'm not alone . Because when they find out someone is n't straight , they do n't know what to do with that information . They either ignore the person 's sexuality or focus on it entirely , neither of which actually allows them to love that person as a whole .
Mother Teresa once said , “ Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty. ” The Catholic Church is meant to fight this kind of poverty by being a place where everyone can come and find their home . Yes , the Church has moral standards - which , for the record , not even all of the saints followed perfectly ( St. Augustine or St. Francis come to mind ) . You ca n't come to the Church and do whatever you want and expect it to be acceptable . But as someone who does adhere to the Church 's teachings , I find it surprising how often I bite my tongue and remain silent , not telling people in the Church that I 'm queer , because I do n't know if I would be welcomed . And maybe some part of that is on me ; maybe I should be more trusting and give other Catholics a chance - they could end up proving me wrong . But some part of this is on the shoulders of individual Catholics in the Church who speak or act in ways that communicate to queer people that they are not welcome because they are not straight . I 'm not convinced that this is some kind of deep prejudice in the Church ; honestly I think the Catholics I have known simply do n't realize they 're doing it . Maybe if they did they would want to treat queer people differently , and to ensure that queer people know they have a place in the Church .
So what does that look like ? How can we as Catholics communicate to non-heterosexual people that they are wanted and loved ? This may be a bit cliché , but try to imagine what it would be like if you were Catholic and were n't straight . Imagine trying to tell people , to be honest with the people you love . It 's scary , and you feel alone and you 're worried that this could be a reason people stop loving you , or at the very least think less of you . What kind of person would you trust with this information ? The attributes I think of are gentle , kind , patient , open , selfless , and unconditionally loving - I look for signs in people that they exercise these virtues , and there are so many different ways these virtues can manifest in someone . The first three friends I told were good listeners , they were careful with other people 's emotions , and they all made a point to tell their friends that they would love them no matter what - these were the things that made me feel that it was safe to tell these friends the truth .
Mother Teresa once said , “ Intense love does not measure , it just gives. ” This is the kind of love LGBT people need from the people in the Church . Many of us have been looked down on and have looked down on ourselves , wrestling with our self-worth because of our sexuality . We need the Church to help us love ourselves so that we do n't fall into sin or despair . We need to know that the Church , our brothers and sisters in Christ , will love us - even if we are n't straight .
The plot of the movie ‘ Inception ' is almost an afterthought compared to the impact that its distorted , dreamlike manipulations of architecture and landscapes has had on a generation of artists and designers . Inspired by the concept of warping a scene in ways that completely defy the laws of physics yet still remain photo-realistic , the following artists have created new worlds that are strange and yet also familiar .
Erik Johansson
Nothing is quite as it seems in the images produced by Swedish-born , Berlin-based photo artist Erik Johansson . Grassy land cascades over the edge of the world like a waterfall , the surface of the earth is unzipped , cars appear to hover upside-down on the road . It 's difficult to tell reality from illusion , and that 's the point ; the scenes they create are as playful as they are impossible . Setting up and taking the photos takes about as long as manipulating them in Photoshop , and a single image can consist of over 100 layers .
Cubic Landscape by Petey Ulatan
Flattened views of landscapes are flipped and folded to create cubes , their edges bent at 90 degree angles , eliminating the very gradual and subtle curves that make up the surface of the Earth . Artist Petey Ulatan takes inspiration from the films ‘ Inception ' and ‘ Interstellar ' to reshape the world , almost as if a giant hand were making it into origami .
Turkey Turned Upside-Down by Aydin Büyüktas
Many of the same manipulations are happening in the work of Aydin Büyüktas , except focused on the Turkish city of Istanbul , with all of its landmarks and neighborhoods warped in ways that defy the laws of physics . The artist uses drone photography and 3D software to create these composite images . “ We live in places that most of the time do n't draw our attention , places that transform our memories , places that the artist gives another dimension ; where the perceptions that generally crosses our minds will be demolished and new ones will arise . These works aim to leave the viewer alone with a surprising visuality ironic as well , multidimensional romantic point of view . ”
‘ Inception Park ' in Buenos Aires by Black Sheep Films
What if you could ride a trackless rollercoaster around the city , almost as if you 're on the back of some kind of mystical flying creature ? Black Sheep Films gives us an idea of what this would feel like with ‘ Inception Park , ' a strange little video set in Buenos Aires . It 's fun to watch the snake of rollercoaster cars meander through the space , interacting with architecture .
Twisted Architecture by Nicholas Kennedy Sitton
“ These photos are a result of how intriguing the concept of distortion translates to architecture , ” says artist Nicholas Kennedy Sitton of their ‘ Twisted Architecture ' series . “ It creates a sense of falling into itself , like capturing a moment of demolition . I can destroy titanous steel structures with the click of a mouse and create new twisted versions of reality . I was also inspired by San Francisco . I had just moved there and being in a new city was disorienting and exciting and I wanted to capture how my whole world had changed . ”
SOUTH BEND , Ind . ( WSBT ) - The real victims of opioid abuse in Indiana are the children .
The state 's Department of Child Services is seeing more kids entering the system and in need of temporary homes .
But some say , there are not enough places for them to go .
Some agencies that recruit , train , and manage foster families have had to turn children away because there are more kids than there are places to put them .
Amy Briney may not be their foster children 's mom , but like a good mom , they will give them all the love and support they can , while they can .
“ There are so many kids being abused and hurt and if we can give them love , even for the short time they are with us , that can change the outlook of their life , ” Briney said . “ We get the benefits of having little feet around the house . l they get a stable loving home for however long they are going to be here . ”
But there are more kids than there are foster homes to place them in .
“ It is statewide . It is not just our area . You could go to any county and find they do n't have enough foster homes , ” Briney said .
The Villages are one of a handful of local agencies that recruit , train and manage foster homes .
Right now , Jen Rasey with The Villages , manages 13 foster homes in our area .
Not a lot , considering the number of children in foster care has risen dramatically -- in large part because of the drug epidemic in Indiana .
“ Yes , it is very hard . We get multiple calls daily from the Department Of Child Services looking for homes for children that have been removed and we have to turn them down because we just do n't have any open beds for them , ” said Rasey .
It is why they are hoping more families will consider opening their hearts and their homes to children in need .
“ The payment you get is seeing the smile on these kids ' faces . Knowing you have provided a safe home for these children who were maybe taken out of an unsafe situation , ” said Rasey . ” For the rest of their lives they are going to remember you -- that you have shown them love and attention and given them a roof over their head , a pillow to sleep on . That is where the reward comes from
Briney can attest to that .
“ I have absolutely loved it . It has been draining , and educational experience , but is having been so much fun , ” said Briney .
Here I am , stuck in Heathrow Airport in London . I have been here for 13 hours until my flight leaves in the next three hours . Just my luck , but that 's okay ! I actually feel fine . Or , maybe I am just delusional from my lack of sleep . LOL . My last destination for my spring break/Easter break is Nice , France .
Why are you stuck at Heathrow ?
Well , as my host from London said to me , “ We Brits are forever joking about how the French are always on strike and sadly there is a grain of truth in that particular stereotype . I hope the airline or the French government is going to handsomely compensate you with free flights , delicious food and comfy pillows. ” ( Is n't they adorbs . ) So yes , the French air traffic control crews are on strike disrupting over 1,000 flights ! No worries , I am safe . Heathrow is a nice airport and has free wifi for four hours , then you have to wait for another 5 hours for more wifi… You know , home is where the wifi is . I 'm kidding . It is n't too bad . I needed this time to do work anyway . While we are on the negative news… I also ran into problems while traveling to London ! I arrived an hour before my train to London from Paris and still missed the train , along with many others . The security line was just too long . Gare Du Nord Station was a teeny weeny bit confusing to navigate around as well . I met a family from Oregon who were also waiting in line for the next train , but fortunately for her , they bought business class tickets and got a seat right away on the next train . This caused anger among the other patrons who were waiting in line for the next train . I was in the middle of the queue , struggling to listen to what was going on . Then this handsome British guy , Sebastian came up to me , took my ticket and gave me a seat on the next train . Thank you , Sebastian . ( The Coolest name ever )
I only mention my problems to let you know that traveling is n't perfect . People put things on the Internet all the time and make their life seem flawless , but honey , we are n't all like Beyonce .
Part one of my spring break will be about Paris , the city of lights .
I started at Montmartre , which is further away from the Seine River in the 18th arrondissements . Paris is separated in 20 different neighborhoods called arrondissements . Montmartre is a hill . On top of the hill is the Sacre-Coeur Basilica , a Roman Catholic church . There is a lift to get to the top of the hill or you can climb up a couple flights of stairs , which I did . This neighborhood is also famous for notable artists like Salvador Dalí , Vincent van Gogh , Claude Monet , and Pablo Picasso ( to name a few ) who used to work in this area .
Fifteen minutes away from where I stayed is the Eiffel Tower ( La Tour Eiffel in French ) and boy , was it awesome to see it in person . The Eiffel Tower was painted bronze since 2013 . I wonder what the next color will be—I hope it will be navy blue ! My favorite part is Parc du Champ de Mars . I do n't think the Eiffel Tower would be that exciting without a space for people to interact with each other . I really wished at that time someone was with me to have a picnic under the sun .
Here is a tip : When you are visiting the Tower during the day , the line is very long to ascend it . However , at night , there is barely a line . You might not be able to view the skyline , but you get to skip hours of standing in line . Plus , there are plenty of other places to get a skyline view . I did not get a chance to go , but the girls that I met at my hostel did and told me about it .
After the Eiffel Tower I crossed The Seine and walked to Arc de Triomphe . From there , I continued walking down Avenue des Champ-Elysees , a shopping street . The Louvre . I did not get in to see the Mona Lisa . I am a little impatient with lines . I did not want to stand somewhere for the whole day when I could be using the daylight to see other things . Being at the Louvre was already a privilege .
My favorite part around this area is the Tuileries Garden . You will come to notice that I love parks and green spaces . Look at that man chillin ' ! Those green chairs are set up all over the green spaces for tourists and locals to lounge in .
I get sidetracked and would roam to other random places . This is an antique flea market .
After a long day of walking , I rewarded myself with a crepe in bed . hehehe the best .
Day 2 .
We went to Shakespeare and Company bookstore and bought a book by Bill Bryson , The Lost Continent . I even got a stamp ! : P If you like travel books , I recommend Bill Bryson . They talk about their travel in a very humorous way .
Did a little reading at the Jardin du Luxembourg/Luxembourg Garden . I love the green space here as well . A lot more people were on the grass in this Garden .
That night , I ate with the girls I met at my hostel . A place called A La Tour Eiffel .
I also had white wine , Côtes de Gascogne IGP , which I loved a lot ! It was sweet and lovely . Originally , I ordered Salers beef tartare , thinking that I should try something new , but then the waiter asked me if I knew what that was . Tartare is raw beef . So I passed and ordered a Simple pan-friend , home-made french fries . However , the waiter explained that that was also mostly raw , but the outside is cooked . So I tried that instead and it was good .
We shared escargot , and it was delicious . It had my favorite ingredient , pesto . Snails are n't slimy , but chewy ! I used to eat them a lot when I was visiting Vietnam .
That was most of my Paris trip . A lot of people say the Parisians are snobby , but I encountered nice ones . One man was walking with a little boy on a scooter and started to say something in French to me . I figured out that they were saying that their grandson 's form on the scooter was ‘ bello ' , since they keep pointing at their grandson on how they were riding the scooter . The boy had a good form indeed . We conversed for a little more during our walk to the same direction . Only they did not know English and I did not know French . A lot of hand gestures were involved but they made my day less lonely .
Exploring alone is liberating , I got ta say . In fact , in my mind , you are never alone . You meet people along the way ! Have you travelled by yourself ? If so , did you like it ?
How One Ice Cream Shop Growth Hacked Its Way to Success
Wed , 7 Jun 2017 , in Leadership
Liking this one ? You might also enjoy How Growth Hackers See Growth Differently
When I was in high school , one of my early stints in the working world included helping out in a small ice cream shop while I was staying with my grandparents .
A small , mom-and-pop place , it really came alive during the summer . One strange thing about our store was that there were no cash registers , just a money drawer and a calculator . We had numerous “ cash only ” signs , including two at the counter and one in every window and door . That 's in addition to signage on each side of the store .
Some people ( especially those who were n't regulars ) routinely expected to pay with a credit card because they did n't have enough cash on hand . Most had no issue with going to the ATM outside the store , but some were annoyed that they would be charged a fee .
Our boss took the unusual practice of giving ice cream for free to the odd customer without enough cash on them – something that confused me at first . Yet for the short time I was there I constantly saw people coming in just to put money into the tip jar , leading me to think this is how they were paying for previous purchases .
Until that moment , I 've never witnessed this level of customer service before . After all , this small ice cream business could be losing money especially if others caught wind that free ice cream was being given away . To my surprise , this was n't the case and our sales were growing steadily .
With so many businesses failing due to risky managerial decision – why did this strategy work ? Perhaps my boss knew more than I cared to admit .
They understood what made customers unhappy .
We certainly took note of what customers were doing in our store . If they did n't have enough cash on them they felt let down and looked disappointed .
Still , the decision to let customers go without paying was n't a popular one . As a result , there were some objections , since other customers ( ie . those standing in line ) could interpret this however they liked . This could mean a drop in customer confidence , and by extension , sales .
Ultimately however , this was a decision that had to be made because my boss understood what set of behaviors their customers were looking for ( convenience and a sense of trust ) . They also understood something else .
In a fast-moving , technology-saturated and rapidly changing business climate it 's difficult to accurately predict customer sentiment . Even if you have all the information needed to make an educated marketing decision based on past experiences and future intent .
They did n't assume or jump to quick conclusions .
It would have been logical for us to insist that customers pay for their ice cream no matter what . It would also be fair to assume that no one would object to this , either . Yet making the opposite decision is what actually led to a boost in sales at our store .
Companies that know how and when to use the wide array of research tools available today have a big competitive advantage in generating insights that lead to growth .
So while you 're developing a understanding of what behaviors customers want , inconsistent customer perspectives amidst a fast-moving market , new technologies , and rapidly changing business models can make it all too difficult .
When Tropicana wanted to introduce a new look to their “ orange with a straw ” orange juice carton , they invested in a large redesign campaign complete with customer outreach , focus groups and surveys . In the end , sales plummeted so much that Tropicana quickly reverted back to the old design without so much as a word .
By contrast , Unilever took a different approach . Before launching their TreSemme shampoo line , they heavily researched online beauty communities to figure out their habits , lifestlyes , daily routines and issues associated with hair care . Due in part of this research , the shampoo was a success and eventually rose to the top of the US hair care market .
They used information their customers were already sharing .
While we could live without a credit card machine , we could n't skimp out on our website . There were three reasons for this . Firstly , virtually all businesses are already online . Second , today 's customers prefer to look at a brick-and-mortar 's site before visiting them in person :
to find out whether you carry a specific item
to look at prices of your products
to get in touch with your business
to check your hours or location
And third , a website gives you an opportunity to gather data on these customers . Online data when matched with store activity can help you make better marketing decisions and improve communication with customers :
Keep track of their phone number and email . Phone numbers can be input into the CRM system and associated with previous customer engagements to anticipate behavior better . This can result in more appropriate messaging and marketing to customers .
Connect on social media & monitor engagements . Make a note of what customers ( or fans of your product ) engage on social media , leave reviews and share your content with their followers . Then reach out and show your appreciation with gifts , coupons , etc .
Offer suggestions wherever possible . If you can suggest a solution based on the information you know about your customers , do it . Our store could have used geotagging and order history to map customer behavior based on neighborhood , income , etc .
They never asked customers what they already knew .
In today 's world , businesses have a tremendous amount of information on their customers – and our ice cream shop was no exception .
Most customers were repeat customers , so we could tap into what they bought before , what their purchase preferences were and how they liked to communicate with us – social media , in person , etc . Besides , our loyal customers would n't object to getting push notifications of the latest specials ( or new flavors ) as soon as they came out .
customers are willing to share data , but are you giving them in return ?
Indeed , if that 's what it took for customers to get their order how and when they liked it , some level of data collection would be welcomed . And it 's not hard to see why :
We 're all constrained by time – and everyone 's accustomed to this fact of fast-paced life . True , customers expect quick ( and sometimes near-immediate answers to their questions ) and companies are pressured to deliver .
Yet it 's easy ( and deadly ) to focus your time , energy and capital on something that does n't make any significant progress or financial sense . A prime example of that is asking customers for information you 're already aware of .
The hidden power of trust and loyalty
The majority of businesses spend a lot of time on focus groups , interviews and use all kinds of tactics in hopes of attracting customers . Yet few consider how trust and loyalty can override behaviors uncovered by lengthly CX research campaigns .
Businesses forget that the primary goal of their customer success initiatives should be to add value to the customer as well as the company . This sometimes requires constant change , iteration and adaptation . The first step however should be all about identifying the ideal experience you want your customers to have – and work from there .
Even if you do n't take credit cards .
Read More : How We Turn Constraints into Advantages at Helprace
Tags : leadership
Net Neutrality & the White Hot Spotlight of Public Attention
Over just the past 24 hours , there 's been quite a hullabaloo surrounding the Wall Street Journal 's controversial front-page story on Google 's edge caching plan and whether it violates Net neutrality . ( See Cord 's post and Bret 's ) . Lessig calls it a “ made-up drama “ , David Isenberg says it 's “ bogus ” and “ bullshit , ” and Google 's Rick Whitt has said it 's much ado about nothing .
Regardless , here 's the important thing not to overlook about this episode : It is a prime example of the what Tim Lee has referred to as “ the fundamental problem of backlash ” that ensues whenever there is even a hint of a potential violation of network neutrality ( however one defines it ) . As Tim argued in their excellent Cato paper on Net neutrality , “ No widespread manipulation would go unnoticed for very long , ” and a “ firestorm of controversy would… be unleashed if a major network owner embarked on a systematic campaign of censorship on its network. ” ( p. 23 ) . Indeed , this ( non- ) story about Google 's edge-caching plans have spawned an intense “ firestorm of controversy ” over the past 24 hours and it does n't even involve serious network meddling or censorship ! I 've been trying to keep up with all the traffic about this on TechMeme and Google News during that time , but I have given up trying to digest it all . ( Take a look at those snapshots I pasted down below to get a feel for the volume we are talking about here ) .
In that regard , I love this quote from the always-bloodthirsty Tim Karr of the ( inappropriately-named ) regulatory activist group Free Press :
If Google or any other tech company were secretly violating Net Neutrality , there would be an absolute and cataclysmic backlash from the grassroots and netroots who have made Net Neutrality a signature issue in 21st Century politics . The Internet community would come crashing down on their heads like Minutemen on Benedict Arnold .
Indeed , that 's exactly what we saw today . But it was n't just pro-regulatory fanatics like Free Press . The entire tech and business blogoshere and even some of the mainstream media were on top of this . That 's the “ fundamental problem of backlash ” at work , and with a vengeance .
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( R-Wis. ) and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( R-Calif. ) expressed frustration at the media on Tuesday after reporters asked four questions about the possibility President Trump may fire Robert Mueller , the special counsel leading the FBI 's Russia investigation .
At their leadership news conference , the two top House GOP leaders dismissed chatter of Mueller 's potential termination as “ rumors ” generated by the media .
As the Speaker fielded their third question on the Russia-Mueller matter — reporter Lisa Mascaro had asked if Ryan personally had advised Trump not to ax Mueller — Ryan and McCarthy decided they had had enough .
“ There 's no debate that 's going on here , ” Ryan said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You 're creating a debate that 's not happening , ” McCarthy interjected off microphone from the sidelines of the news conference .
“ I heard this is like a rumor that we heard last night , not some big debate that is occurring , ” Ryan added .
Mascaro , who writes for the L.A. Times and Chicago Tribune , asked if Congress will be overhauling the law that allows for the appointment of special counsels or prosecutors .
“ You 're creating , Kevin just said it , you 're creating a debate that is not occurring here , ” Ryan replied . “ This is something that I think was a rumor that came out last night . ”
Then , McCarthy again jumped in : “ We 're focusing on [ Veterans Affairs reform ] and healthcare , and you 're creating a rumor . ”
Tuesday 's show of frustration was the latest example of the Russia saga stepping on GOP leadership 's legislative agenda . In addition to chatter of Mueller 's possible ouster , Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they have n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE and their deputy , Rod Rosenstein , were testifying about the Russia probe , creating another media circus on Capitol Hill .
Rosenstein told the Senate Intelligence Committee that he 's seen no reason why Mueller should be fired .
But two Republicans who recently spoke with Trump have discussed Mueller 's possible termination . Christopher Ruddy , a Trump confidant who runs the conservative site NewsMax , said Tuesday on CNN that Trump is mulling over their options “ because Mueller is illegitimate as special counsel . ”
And former Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R-Ga. ) this week questioned Mueller 's fairness and independence and said it 's “ time to rethink ” their role .
Earlier in the news conference , a reporter from The Hill asked Ryan if it was wise for Republicans like Gingrich to be debating whether to fire Mueller , who is probing the Russian government 's meddling in the 2016 election , including possible collusion involving the Trump campaign .
Ryan replied that Trump should allow the Mueller probe to move forward .
“ All I 've heard so far are rumors . The best case for the president is to be vindicated by allowing this investigation to go on thoroughly and independently , ” Ryan said . “ So I think the best advice would be to let Robert Mueller do their job . ''
“ Do you continue to stand by this president ” and their actions ? Fox News 's Chad Pergram followed up .
Ryan repeated their talking points : “ I think the best thing to do is to let Robert Mueller do their job . I think the best vindication for the president is to let this investigation go on independent and thoroughly . That to me is the smartest thing to do , the best thing to do , hopefully it will happen . ”
Asked if they have complete confidence in Mueller and their team , Ryan replied : “ Yeah , I do n't know their team . I know Bob Mueller and I have confidence in Bob Mueller . ”
A young Muslim activist wants to see more action from Calgary authorities to deal with extremists .
The call comes after CBC News uncovered details about young Calgary men moving overseas to fight for a notorious terrorist organization in the name of jihad .
Damian Clairmont left Calgary in November 2012 and was killed during rebel infighting . Salman Ashrafi is responsible for a suicide bombing in Iraq in November that killed 46 people . And just last week it was revealed that Farah Mohamed Shirdon appeared in an Islamic State of Iraq and Syria video burning their Canadian passport , issuing a threat to Canada , the U.S. and `` all oppressors . ''
Hajar Al Khouzaii says they want to see the police do more about public meetings of extremists . ( CBC )
Hajar Al Khouzaii says they worry videos such as this tarnish all Muslims .
`` Those are radical extremists who have been taught to do this , ” says Al Khouzaii , who organized a protest this weekend .
`` You think this is far away and it does n't matter because you live in Calgary and they live across the ocean — you should worry a lot . ”
Calgary police say they have been aware for more than eight years that young people are being recruited in Calgary . Chief Rick Hanson says police are aware up to 30 Calgarians have gone overseas to fight with radical groups and some have come back .
`` We 're not in the mosques . We 're not in places where those who know that environment and know when something unusual is happening , ” said Hanson .
On both Saturday and Sunday dozens of Calgary Muslims gathered outside City Hall to protest ISIS violence in Iraq . ( Devin Heroux/CBC )
Al Khouzaii says they are in those places and wants police to do more to crack down on the meetings where radicals are gathering .
“ There are a lot of people , including myself , who have reported this continuously to police . That there are mosques in the city where there are meetings for these types of organizations to build , ” said Al Khouzaii .
`` We know two of the biggest mosques in the city where they are holding these meetings . ''
Al Khouzaii also says that as a Muslim and the head of one of Canada 's biggest cities , Mayor Naheed Nenshi should be making a statement condemning radicals .
Nenshi said last week they consider it a police matter . They declined a request for an interview .
When Coca-Cola made its first appearance in Abilene , the brand slogan was 'The Great National Temperance Beverage . ' Today , employees at the two Abilene Coca-Cola facilities are doing their part to make sure customers get to 'Taste the Feeling , ' the current slogan .
'Coca-Cola has had a presence in Abilene since 1904 , ' said Buddy Moore , plant manager . 'Over the years , the presence has grown to what it is today , with both a production and a distribution facility . '
Coca-Cola in Abilene currently employs 140 people , 115 of whom are front-line associates . The operation runs 24 hours a day , six days a week . One day each week , the production facility shuts down for maintenance and sanitation .
Moore said Abilene 's primary role is to produce niche products for which larger plants in Dallas , Houston and San Antonio are not as well suited . Abilene product is shipped all over the central United States , from far south Texas to central Minnesota .
'We are a very versatile operation , ' said Moore , who noted that they have the capability to do a package changeover in less than one hour in some cases . 'They ( Coca-Cola officials ) come to us for the hard stuff that no one else wants to do . We stay current and efficient on technology , and our changeover rates are some of the best in the company . '
Moore has been with Coca-Cola for more than 40 years ; it 's the only job he 's ever had . They started working in a small plant in Sherman and gradually progressed through the ranks to the position they hold today .
' I worked in the Sherman plant until they closed it in 1982 , then moved to Fort Worth , where I worked for 25 years , ' they said . 'When I started with Coca-Cola , everything was in bottles , and about all we had was the core products . Today , our plant is responsible for producing 355 SKUs ( stock keeping units ) . '
With the help of the city of Abilene and the Development Corporation of Abilene , Coca-Cola in Abilene has been able to continually expand its capability . Since 2010 , according to figures from the DCOA , Coca-Cola has invested or plans to invest $ 55 million into the Abilene plant , while the DCOA is contributing $ 4.7 million .
'In 2014 , $ 9 million was invested to upgrade our syrup room , ' Moore said . 'We expanded our can line capability in 2015 with the help of a $ 4.5 million project ; that gave us greatly increased potential to run more flavors and packages . '
The DCOA also helped fund the extension of Enterprise Drive to allow the company better access to its warehouse . The conversion of Interstate 20 access roads to one-way made it a five-mile round trip from the warehouse to the bottling plant . Enterprise Drive has been extended to East Lowden Street so that Coca-Cola has a shorter route from the warehouse to the bottling plant .
DCOA Executive Director Kent Sharp says both the city and company benefit from the partnership .
'As they ( Coca-Cola officials ) get more competitive and decide which plants to keep , which plants to expand and which plants to downsize , Abilene 's partnership with the local plant helps ensure decisions are continually made to keep upgrading the Abilene facility , ' Sharp said . 'That 's a win-win for Coke and the Abilene community . '
Since Moore arrived in 2010 , the plant has increased production by more than 55 percent , from 14.1 million cases of product to more than 21 million cases in 2015 .
Some of Abilene 's most common niche products are NOS and Full Throttle energy drinks , Fuse teas , and Dasani Water . With current capability , the plant can crank out enough bottled water to fill a semitrailer every hour .
'All of our bottled water is treated to exacting specifications before bottling to ensure there is no taste variance , ' said Moore . 'We take city water and filter it to its purest form ; then inject a pre-dosed amount of minerals backs into the water before bottling so that every bottle tastes exactly the same no matter which city you buy it in ; and no matter which city it 's bottled in . '
Abilene currently gets its can 'bodies ' and plastic bottles from production facilities in Fort Worth and Big Spring . With an expansion currently underway to grow the plant by 22,000 square feet ( at a cost of nearly $ 27 million ) , the plant will have the capability to produce its own plastic bottles .
'Currently , about 38 percent of our production is in cans ; the other 62 percent is bottles , ' said Moore . 'We are excited about the potential for this new addition , as it will not only allow us to produce our own bottles , but it will give us an additional production capability of 5 million cases per year . '
As 'the world 's No . 1 most recognized trademark , ' Moore said there is great pride in the employees of Coca-Cola .
'They invest in their people , their communities and their operations , ' they said . 'There is growth opportunity , and they actively support career advancement . It is also a pleasure to be able to support and help fund community events like Toys for Tots , Keep Abilene Beautiful , and other charitable organizations . '
Moore added that the Abilene plant recycles 98 percent of the waste it generates , and is constantly looking for ways to improve its water and energy use .
In this tutorial I am showing you how to create a Custom Bubble that then runs a PSP game of your choice !
This works on the fat PS Vita , Slim PS Vita , PSV TV and up to firmware 3.36 , but also works on earlier firmwares ( like 3.18 , 3.20 , etc ) .
If you prefer a video tutorial , feel free to watch this long video . I am explaining everything and every step you have to do . The following wall of text is only for the people that prefer a text turorial .
If you prefer said text tutorial , keep reading .
Before we start , you need a random PSP game as base game ( really , any ! ) , this also includes the usage of minis , 3.18 exploit games and pretty much any PSP game you can get from the PSN store .
The size of the base game is not relevant anymore . You could use a 5MB Minis to sign a 1.7GB ISO file . There are pretty much no weird restrictions like they were with fake_np and the VHBL Bubble .
Before we start , we need a few things . We need a game we want to sign ( so a PSP ISO ) – I do not link you any of these illegal psp pirated games , create your own backups or be a pirate and download them yourself , I do n't judge you .
Then we also need sign_np , PkgView , the xpd & package file of your base game ( s ) ( obtain these via Sony 's Website ) and the PSN decrypter tools .
Unpack all the ZIP files and put all the content into one folder ( e.g . call it sign_np ) . Inside of the folder you should have a sign_np.exe ( shorten the name to this , if the sign_np file of yours has a longer name ) , PkgView.exe , your PSP ISO of choice and a PSN decrypter folder ( which contains a readme.txt and 3 exe-files ) .
If you can confirm this , we can continue with gathering the necessary XPD and PKG files . Visit this Sony Website and login with your PSN account .
Then head to the Media category and click onto the games category . Now search the PSP game you want to use as a base game . If you found it , press download and that will give you an XPD-file ( these XPD-file download links might not be visible , depending on your web browser ) .
Now open the XPD-file with NotePad++ ( or any other kind of Editor ) and copy the link that is inside of this file . Paste this link into your web browser and press enter . A download for a PKG-file should now start .
Be also sure to copy the “ CID ” of your XPD-file and place that CID into a simple text document ( call it “ ‘ base games name ' CID and keys.txt ” ) . After you did this , you are done with the XPD-file .
Next drop the PKG file of your base game into the sign_np folder . Then open PKGView.exe and open the PKG file with it . Once opened , open the USRDIR and CONTENT folder inside of the PKGView.exe . Then right-click the EBOOT.PBP file and extract it .
After you did this , you can close PKGView.exe . Now copy the just extracted EBOOT.PBP file and move it into the PSN decrypter folder . The PSN decrypter folder should now contain 5 files : A document , 3 exe-files and your EBOOT.PBP .
Now drag & drop your EBOOT.PBP on top of the NPDPC_fixed.exe file and it should open a CMD window on its own . This will now create an ISO-file , a header.bin file and a version_key.bin file .
Now copy all these new files ( header , version_key & the ISO ) inside a folder inside of our sign_np folder ( e.g . C : /downloads/sign_np/base_game_folder/ ) . Next use a Hexeditor and open the version_key.bin file .
This will show you one line of hexadecimal values , which we have to copy ( or type them one by one , without the spaces ! ) . This is the key we need . Put this key into the same text document which contains the CID of your game .
After we have gathered the CID , the key of our base game and sign_np , we have all the things we need for creating our own signed EBOOT.PBP .
Next , inside of the sign_np folder , keep the shift-button pressed and then press the right mouse button . We should now have a new function inside of the context menu , which will open the CMD inside of our folder .
Now we have the CMD window opened inside of our folder direction ( e.g . C : /downloads/sign_np/ ) . Next we type the following thing into it :
sign_np -pbp ‘ Your Game'.ISO EBOOT.PBP ‘ your games CID ' ‘ your games key '
This is the content of my folder and what I have typed into the CMD . Have this as an example :
Next , press enter and sign_np should do its work . After it is done , verify that the flags is 0x00000002 . For it to work on the PS Vita , the flag has to be 2 !
This is what my CMD contains after finishing the task :
 C : \Downloads\sign_np > sign_np -pbp WORMS.ISO EBOOT.PBP EP4132-NPEZ00101_00-CUBIXX0000000000 36D0E3A09636FEA0329943BBEEC2CC01
Initializing KIRK engine… Writing PBP data…
PSP_SYSTEM_VER : 6.00 Building DATA.PSP…
ECDSA signature for DATA.PSP is valid !
Building DATA.PSAR…
Writing PARAM.SFO…
Writing ICON0.PNG…
Writing ICON1.PNG…
Writing PIC1.PNG…
Writing SND0.AT3…
Writing DATA.PSP…
Writing DATA.PSAR… NPUMDIMG table size : 186368
Writing NPUMDIMG table… ISO size : 190840832
ISO blocks : 5824
Writing ISO blocks : 100 % Forging NPUMDIMG header…
ECDSA signature for NPUMDIMG header is valid !
NPUMDIMG flags : 0x00000002
NPUMDIMG block basis : 0x00000010
NPUMDIMG version key : 0x36D0E3A09636FEA0329943BBEEC2CC01
NPUMDIMG header key : 0x52E97DE337D9108D206D520E8378A538
NPUMDIMG header hash : 0xC70998890CA03C6F14C1441BA7E504FF
NPUMDIMG data key : 0xEF3579501AB9E43D78C9B4128F0E45F0 Done ! C : \Downloads\sign_np >
Depending on your PSP ISO and your base game , these values will be different , but the NPUMDIMG flags value should be 0x00000002 , nothing else .
In the end you should have an EBOOT.PBP file , which we now drop into a random savedata for the PSP . Copy this savedata onto your PS Vita and then start the VHBL Bubble on your PS Vita ( assuming you own the Patapon 2 exploit and have a fully working VHBL Bubble on your PS Vita ) .
Next , inside of VHBL , start PSPFiler 6.6 and go into the /PSP/GAME/…/ directory . Now search the ID of your base game ( e.g . NPEZ00101 for Cubixx EU , or NPEG00011 for Numblast EU ) and rename its folder from its original game to the very same with an additional “ & ” at the end ( e.g . we turn /PSP/GAME/NPEZ00101/ into /PSP/GAME/NPEZ00101 & / ) .
After we did this , create a new folder with the same name as the one we have just renamed ( e.g . create a new folder inside of /PSP/GAME/ and call it NPEZ00101 ) .
Next search for your savedata file . It should be inside of /PSP/SAVEDATA/ . Now copy the EBOOT.PBP from inside of your savedata folder into the base games folder WITHOUT the “ & ” -symbol ( e.g . in my case the NPEZ00101 folder . NOT the NPEZ00101 & folder ! ) .
After you did these things , close your VHBL Bubble and shutdown your PS Vita . Now start your PS Vita in its recovery mode ( Keep PS-button + Power + R pressed while turning on the PS Vita ) and rebuild the database .
After this is done , start your base game and if you did everything right , your signed game should now start ( e.g . Worms starts instead of Cubixx , in my case ) .
If your PS Vita displays an error code , then this means that you have made a mistake somewhere .
If your PS Vita starts the game , has a blackscreen and simply returns to the Homemenu of the PS Vita ( without error code ! ) , then it means that you have done everything right , but your base game & PSP ISO are not compatible with each other .
I had to test 10 different games as base game ( minis , full games , psp demos ) and only found 3 ones that I could use for my signed PSP ISOs . Those were Numblast , Cubixx and Tekken 6 .
So even if you do everything correct , there is the chance that it still wo n't work .
I hope at least some of your were able to create your very own Custom ISO Bubbles . I wish you good luck !
Both The British Humanist Association and the National Secular Society report that the London School of Economics is exercising censorship of students who wore and apparently sold Jesus and Mo teeshirts at the “ Fresher 's Fair ” ( “ Fresher ” = American “ first-year student ” ) .
From the NSS :
A row over free expression has broken out at the London School of Economics after members of the LSESU Atheist , Secularist and Humanist Student Society ( ASHSS ) were told they would be physically removed from the annual Freshers ' Fair unless they covered up t-shirts deemed “ offensive ” . Student Union officials removed materials from the LSESU Atheist , Secularist and Humanist Student Society stand and demanded that the group removed t-shirts they were wearing featuring satirical Jesus and Mocartoons . When asked for an explanation , LSESU officials stated that several students had complained about the t-shirts . After a period of consultation a member of the LSE Legal and Compliance Team and Head of Security told the members of the Atheist , Secularist and Humanist Society that the wearing of the t-shirts could be considered “ harassment ” , as it could “ offend others ” by creating an “ offensive environment ” .
As I reported in January of last year , the ASHSS were also censored by the LSE Students ' Union for posting and Jesus and Mo cartoon on the group 's Facebook page . As I wrote at the time ( the Students ' Union complaint is in italics ) :
The LSE Students ' Union would like to reiterate that we strongly condemn and stand against any form of racism and discrimination on campus . The offensive nature of the content on the Facebook page is not in accordance with our values of tolerance , diversity , and respect for all students regardless of race , ethnicity , gender , sexuality or religious affiliation . There is a special need in a Students ' Union to balance freedom of speech and to ensure access to all aspects of the LSESU for all the ethnic and religious minority communities that make up the student body at the LSE. ” [ My response ] : This is a masterpiece of dissimulation : the cartoon is not racist ( Muslims are not a race ! ) , and it does n't mandate discrimination . It is a criticism of religion . Saying that that is “ discrimination ” is equivalent to saying that a poster criticizing the Conservative Party is discrimination . Why is it offensive to criticize religion but not political belief ? It is amazing that universities , which should be the very locus for dissent and discussion , would prohibit free criticism of religion in this way . ( You should , by the way , always be wary when you hear calls to balance free speech . )
The secular students ' account of events , posted here , is pretty distressing ; it includes warning letters from the LSE School Secretary and the presence of security guard to ensure that the offensive tee shirts were not put back on .
The LSE Students ' Union is a humorless and repressive organization . As the NSS reports :
In 2012 the LSE Students ' Union effectively made blasphemy an offence following protests from Muslim students about a Jesus and Mo cartoon posted on the LSE Atheist , Secularist and Humanist student group 's Facebook page . The LSESU passed a motion proposing that ‘ Islamophobia is a form of anti-Islamic racism ' . The Union resolved “ To define Islamophobia as “ a form of racism expressed through the hatred or fear of Islam , Muslims , or Islamic culture , and the stereotyping , demonisation or harassment of Muslims , including but not limited to portraying Muslims as barbarians or terrorists , or attacking the Qur'an as a manual of hatred ” .
Remember , Muslims are not a race , but a religion , one adopted or practiced by choice ( if you can call indoctrination “ choice ” ) . It is not an unchangeable genetic constitution , but a set of beliefs that are , in general , invidious , repressive , sexist , and worthy of denigration . Muslims have no right not to be offended .
Presumably the LSESU would n't object to tee-shirts that criticize the Labour Party , or pass motions calling anti-Labour views a form of “ racism. ” And , by the way , the Qur'an is in large part a manual of hatred .
What is going on here is familiar and obvious : the fear of offending Muslims leads to repression of free speech .
In fact , though , Jesus and Mo is both anti-Christian and anti-Muslim ; it 's really just anti-religion as a whole , because sometimes they throw in Moses , too . But what 's driving all this is specific fear of Muslim rage or offense .
It 's time to stop this censorship . In fact , what we need are more people wearing Jesus and Mo shirts . As Eric MacDonald has noted , the way to remove the sting of Muslim offense is simply to incite it so often that it becomes at once obvious , ludicrous , and ultimately meaningless .
Fortunately the Jesus and Mo artist has responded in this week 's cartoon I would have thought that many Muslim students came to Britain to escape the varieties repression and censorship in Islamic countries . And yet Muslim students in the UK seem pretty damn militant , and just as easily offended as their overseas confrères . And the officials at LSE fall all over themselves to cater to them . As I 've said before , if one sees Muslims as a “ race , ” then the accommodationists are the real racists , because they hold Muslims to lower standards than other religions or other groups . Muslims are allowed to have tantrums when they 're offended , and , indeed , when they do so they 're given candy to quiet them down .
Advertisement
Video Footage : Veebot Please hold still : Veebot 's robot system can find a vein and place a needle at least as well as a human can . Clinical trials are expected to begin this year .
You probably know the routine for drawing blood . A medical technician briefly wraps your arm in a tourniquet and looks your veins over , sometimes tapping gently with a gloved finger on your inner elbow . Then the med tech selects a target . Usually , but not always , they get a decent vein on the first try ; sometimes it takes a second ( or third ) stick . This procedure is fine for the typical blood test at a doctor 's office , but for contract researchers it represents a significant logistics problem . In drug trials it 's not unusual to have to draw blood from dozens of people every hour or so throughout a day . These tests can add up to more than a hundred thousand blood draws a year for just one contract research company .
Veebot Founded : 2010 Headquarters : Mountain View , Calif Founders : Richard Harris , Stuart Harris , Joe Mygatt , James Wong Employees : 4 Funding : undisclosed Website : http : //www.veebot.com
Veebot , a start-up in Mountain View , Calif. , is hoping to automate drawing blood and inserting IVs by combining robotics with image-analysis software . To use the Veebot system , a patient puts their or their arm through an archway over a padded table . Inside the archway , an inflatable cuff tightens around the arm , holding it in place and restricting blood flow to make the veins easier to see . An infrared light illuminates the inner elbow for a camera ; software matches the camera 's view against a model of vein anatomy and selects a likely vein . The vein is examined with ultrasound to confirm that it 's large enough and has sufficient blood flowing through it . The robot then aligns the needle and sticks it in . The whole process takes about a minute , and the only thing the technician has to do is attach the appropriate test tube or IV bag .
Veebot began in 2009 when Richard Harris , a third-year undergraduate in Princeton 's mechanical engineering department , was trying to come up with a topic for a project . At the same time , their father , Stuart Harris , founder of a company that does pharmaceutical contract research , mentioned that he 'd love to see someone come up with a way to automate blood draws .
Harris says they were drawn to the idea because “ it involved robotics and computer vision , both fields I was interested in , and it had demanding requirements because you 'd be fully automating something that is different every time and deals with humans . ”
They built a prototype that could find and puncture dots drawn on flexible plastic tubing , and with funding from their father , they cofounded Veebot in 2010 .
Currently , Veebot 's machine can correctly identify the best vein to target about 83 percent of the time , says Harris , which is about as good as a human . Harris wants to get that rate up to 90 percent before clinical trials . However , while they expect to achieve this in three to five months , they will then have to secure outside funding to cover the expense of those trials .
Harris estimates the market for their technology to be about US $ 9 billion , noting that “ blood is drawn a billion times a year in the U.S. alone ; IVs are started 250 million times. ” Veebot will initially try to sell to large medical facilities .
Thomas Gunderson , managing director and a senior analyst at investment bank Piper Jaffray Companies , believes the time is right for this kind of medical device company . In a difficult case , “ doctors today will search all over the hospital for the right person to do a blood draw , and they could still miss three or four times , ” they say . “ Technology can help from a labor standpoint and make the procedure safer for the patient and for the person drawing the blood . ”
The biggest challenge , Harris says , is human psychology . “ If people do n't want a robot drawing their blood , then nobody is going to use it . We believe if this machine works better , faster , and cheaper than a person , people will want to use it . ”
Says Gunderson : “ These days we have multimillion-dollar robots doing surgery . I think we passed ‘ creepy ' several years ago and moved on . ”
A 17-year-old boy was seriously injured after a 50-foot fall at Starved Rock State Park Sunday afternoon , according to fire officials .
The boy , from Belvidere , Illinois , was with two friends when they climbed off the marked trail at Pontiac Canyon , plunging 50 feet to the ground , according to Utica Fire Chief Ben Brown .
Fire officials responded to the call at 12:40 p.m. , Brown said . The boy was flown to OSF Saint Anthony Medical Center in Rockford , and was listed in serious condition .
The Illinois Conservation Police , Ottawa River Rescue , and Life Flight also responded to the incident .
Starved Rock has signs posted at every trailhead reminding visitors that they 're required to stay on the park 's 12 miles of marked trail , the Illinois Conservation Police said in 2015 after three people fell in fewer than three months .
Shortly before the boy 's fall , the Illinois Department of Natural Resources closed Starved Rock State Park just before 12 p.m. when the parking lots reached capacity .
The DNR tweeted around 3:30 p.m. that the park had reopened .
There 's more to Quentin Holmes than meets the eye .
Standing 6-foot-3 and 175 pounds , the Cleveland Indians liked the recently turned 18-year old enough to make them their first selection at pick 64 this past June in the 2017 MLB draft .
Hailing from East Elmhurst in Queens , New York , Holmes was graded as the fastest player in the draft by the experts , but that was n't the only reason the Indians liked him .
Just like last year 's top Tribe pick Will Benson , Holmes has strong character , an incredible work ethic , and the Indians brass are big fans of their leadership ability .
Holmes began their professional career exactly one month ago today , and while it 's been a bit of a learning process ( slashing .185/.217/.338 ) , he 's already showing flashes of their potential , hitting their first home run in just their fourth game and providing excellent defense in the outfield .
The former 18U Team USA member spoke with Let 's Go Tribe about adjusting to pro ball , getting help from Jackie Bradley Jr , and learning harmonica in this exclusive interview .
Brian Hemminger ( Let 's Go Tribe ) : Can you tell me the story behind “ Bro 1 ” and “ Bro 2 ” ?
Quentin Holmes : My brother and I were on vacation with my parents in Atlantic City and we saw those shirts on the boardwalk and it just felt like something we had to do because everyone used to say we were twins . Even though we were four years apart , people said we looked like twins so it just made sense that we wore this Bro 1 and Bro 2 shirts , kinda like Thing 1 and Thing 2 from Doctor Seuss . ( laughs )
Brian Hemminger : Did your brother ever hold it against you that you sprouted up so quick and were basically the same size despite the four year age gap ?
Quentin Holmes : No , not really . Once they finished high school they started doing their own thing down in North Carolina A & T . They started doing community outreach stuff and teaching the younger generation out there about the right way to live . They work with underprivileged kids in North Carolina near their school so he 's busy doing that and it gives them the same amount of joy that I get from playing baseball . They are n't too upset about me being their size so quick since they had more important things to focus on .
Brian Hemminger : Speaking of that , character seems to be a really important thing that the Indians have focused on lately with their top draft picks . I do n't know if you 've had a chance to talk with Will Benson yet but he 's about as classy as it gets and that appears to be a big factor in who they take at the top of the draft . Can you talk about your influences for character and work ethic ?
Quentin Holmes : It was definitely a lot on my parents . Growing up , my brother and I wanted to play baseball so bad and it was either “ do your homework or do n't play baseball. ” We did n't have much of an option not to behave because every time we did n't behave at home or in school , they 'd take something away like , “ You 're not going to practice today ” or “ you 're not going to the game next week ” or taking away phones , this and that . It really helped us focus on doing what we had to do .
Also , going to a private catholic school at McClancy definitely helped me too just because all the brothers at Sacred Heart that were there and the teachers , they definitely led me down the right path , helping teach me the rights and wrongs of society .
Brian Hemminger : And from everything I 've heard , that helped turn you into a great leader . You were voted captain of your baseball team when you were just a sophomore which is a pretty high honor . What goes into being a good leader ? What are some qualities you learned along the way ?
Quentin Holmes : I think definitely confidence . I have to have confidence in myself . To be able to lead a team , I have to have confidence in my team to motivate them to do well and I have to know what my coach wants to do and I have to relay their message to the team in the right way and to be able to talk to my peers and interact with them on the same level while somehow having authority over them . I 'm not telling them what to do , more telling them the way coach wants to do things .
Brian Hemminger : Now has that translated at all to Arizona or is it a bit more difficult dealing with all the players from Latin America ?
Quentin Holmes : It 's not too difficult , it 's just I 'm trying to more figure out what I need to do first before I can be leading guys around . I 'm trying to show guys how to stay healthy , doing stretches and workouts in the gym . I 'm trying to lead them in those things and trying to show them how I do things in New York and whatnot . The Latin American guys , they 're not too bad . Most of them have been learning English pretty well and I 'm learning Spanish with them so it has n't been too difficult .
Brian Hemminger : Have you learned any favorite Spanish phrases yet ?
Quentin Holmes : We say “ boocan la ” a lot when someone hits a bomb , we say that . I 'd have to hear them say other things because they have so many great things they say . We 're still learning .
Brian Hemminger : I saw you had some pretty nifty secret handshakes with your teammates back in New York . Have you tried getting that going with the guys in Arizona yet ?
Quentin Holmes : No , not yet . I 've been trying to figure out some and we tried them one time and then forget about it right after . I tried with my roommate Tyler Freeman to get some down but it just has n't been working out .
Brian Hemminger : When you 're not working out or practicing or playing baseball and you need to recharge the batteries , what do you like to do ?
Quentin Holmes : If I 'm not sleeping , I 'm sitting there meditating or listening to some Simran , some Waheguru or I 'll take a dark shower , turn all the lights off and just shower with some calm music on . The last few weeks I 've also been learning how to play the harmonica , so that 's something different too .
Brian Hemminger : Harmonica , really ? Maybe you guys can start up an old blues band .
Quentin Holmes : ( laughs ) Taylor Murphy is out here on rehab and they actually said they want to start a band with them being the singer and I told them I 've got my harmonica so I 'm all in .
Brian Hemminger : Most guys , I 'd ask them what Netflix show they 're watching but that does n't seem like your style .
Quentin Holmes : Not really . My laptop 's old and slow and it 's not really something I enjoy for long stretches . I used to watch Prison Break a lot but I watched all of those already so I ca n't watch that . I did just start watching Last Chance U so I can get into that a bit more .
Brian Hemminger : I heard you had a good relationship with Boston Red Sox outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr. How did that start ?
Quentin Holmes : My trainer back in New York , Youman Wilder in Harlem , they used to work out with Jackie before they went to college and they kept in touch with them and Jackie and I got in touch and it 's just been good ever since . He 's helped me out a lot through this process since he 's obviously been there before and has achieved success .
Brian Hemminger : Now something I read about that I thought was really cool was you like to follow along with the umpire 's pitch count and you 'll even ring guys up when they strike out from out in center field . Are you still doing that in Arizona ?
Quentin Holmes : Yes , definitely . I definitely still do that . It keeps me in the game so I always know the count and it 's something interesting to do . I do n't make noises when I do it and most of the time the pitchers do n't see it but if someone notices , they 'll laugh about it . Back in high school , there one pitcher who would always turn around and point to me when I did it so it switches up every once in a while .
Brian Hemminger : The Cleveland Indians have had some pretty iconic center fielders over the past 30 years . It started with Kenny Lofton in the 90s , then Grady Sizemore in the 2000s and most recently Bradley Zimmer has been doing a great job . Are there any center fielders that you really looked up to or patterned your game after ?
Quentin Holmes : Definitely Ken Griffey Jr. , Jackie Bradley of course and Adam Jones . My swing used to be exactly like Adam Jones ' three years ago . Mike Trout , the intensity , the swagger they bring . They know they play the game the right way so I would always watch videos of them and try to play like them and even walk around like them .
Brian Hemminger : What 's the adjustment been like turning pro ? You were in New York before , going to school , playing maybe two games a week and now things are ramping up considerably in the dry heat of Arizona .
Quentin Holmes : It has n't been as much of a shock as one would think . It 's been pretty comfortable with the way the Indians have made me feel . They prepared me for it and I feel like coming out of high school I was prepared for it as well . The heat is not that bad . I think I 've gotten used to it but every once in a while I 'll come outside and it 's like 120 and I 'm not used to it . It gets to 104 or 99 and I 'm like , “ Okay , it 's cool out today. ” The atmosphere of the games , everything goes fast and everyone 's bigger and stronger and it 's definitely different than high school baseball but I think I was well prepared for it .
Brian Hemminger : Everybody is raving about your speed , saying you were the fastest player in the 2017 draft , but you ca n't just rely on being fast out there . Have you had to make adjustments with stealing bases ? Maybe having to pay more attention to the pitcher , finding the perfect time to get a good jump rather than simply being super fast ?
Quentin Holmes : Yes , definitely . There are new things that the coaches are helping me look at . What 's their first move to the plate ? What 's their first move to first base ? How long are their hold times ? Some guys move differently and pitch differently , maybe moving their back arm before lifting their front leg , so the regular person will see them lifting their front leg but maybe I 'll see them lifting their arm before the leg so that could be an extra 0.3 seconds I get on my steal .
Brian Hemminger : What 's been the most difficult adjustment so far to the pro game ?
Quentin Holmes : I 'd say it 's having to hit consistently . Having to come out every game and hit the same pitching consistently . Everybody throws hard and most guys know what they want to do with the ball so having that consistency in my swing is something I have to work on really big .
Brian Hemminger : Do you have any goals or anything you 'd like to accomplish the rest of the year ?
Quentin Holmes : Not really , I just want to be more consistent with what I 'm doing . I want to keep playing hard and bring my team a couple more wins as much as I can .
Quentin would like to thank Youman Wilder of the Harlem Baseball Hitting Academy , their high school coach Nick Melito at McClancy and their parents , their brother and the big man above . You can follow them on Twitter @ jonezz_quentin .
The Movie ( 4/5 )
I feel like I missed the boat on classic prehistoric movies . Being a child of the 90s , the only depictions I 've been exposed to of this era have either been in flashbacks to disasters such as the opening scene of Armageddon , or entire movies set from the perspectives of the dinosaurs , such as Disney 's Dinosaur , The Land Before Time film franchise , or even the more recent Pixar feature , The Good Dinosaur . Having been spoiled by the quality of said films which at least tried a mild attempt at depicting realism , it is hard for me to look back on such features as Hammer 's When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth . This kind of films , heavy on the spectacle and light on the plot , engage a different side of cinematic spectrum from where I normally land , one that feels far more carnal than anything else .
When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is a loosely structured film that drops you into a world where man and dinosaur coexist . The film focuses on a loose conflict between two tribes of cave people , who go to battle after one tribe attempts submit the sacrifice of three blonde haired women to sun in order to garner its favor . In an act of desperation , they escape , joining the ranks of a different tribe , setting off a chain of events in which the concepts of primeval love , survival , and conquest of nature are explored as the initial tribe attempts to reclaim and dispose of their former sacrifice . I think . Either way , the people of this prehistoric landscape must work together to survive dangerous dinosaurs , large carnivorous plants and other creatures , and environmental devastation in order to preserve their way of life in a time when dinosaurs ruled the Earth .
I 'd better air my grievances right away . Dinosaurs and humans never coexisted . Ever . There is no evidence ANYWHERE to substantiate this .
Alright . Let 's move on .
It was tough for me to decipher any sort of grounded story in When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth due to the fact that the film 's characters speak a “ prehistoric ” language that is nearly indecipherable beyond the emotion underneath it . Rather , when one is diving into this movie , one should expect more of a series of loosely connected events , moments of pure adrenaline and aggression that make for an exciting , if not shallow viewing experience – the perfect nonsense blockbuster that puts butts in seats . Over the course of 100 minutes , you will sit on the edge of your seat as the tribes of cavemen face off against giant dinosaurs in the night , giant dinosaurs that appear out of caves , and watch as the mythical giant creatures of legend appear to pit primitive man against the world in a thrilling battle to survive in most nightmarish landscape imaginable . You 'll watch as man discovers the moon , and engages the opposite sex in the most primal of ways . It 's equal parts special effects drive action , testosterone fueled madness of the most oddly appealing kind .
I had a hard time putting together a logical story during my screening of this film , but I 'm not entirely sure director/screenwriter Val Guest set out to make a coherent feature like this in the first place . Rather him , and their Academy Award nominated special effects crew set out to create the forefather of today 's action-adventure blockbusters , which exploit the most raw elements of our nature to make a thrill ride . To that effect , they mostly succeed thanks to the brilliant stop motion and practical visual effects implemented frequently throughout the film . They do an excellent job of creating convincing and exciting action sequences that feel fluid and natural , even if the creatures are , outside of a few sequences featuring actual lizards , models that are composited into the frame . Credit should also be given to the film 's cast of cavemen and women , who do an excellent job of playing into the effects heavy action sequences of the film in a way that really helps sell the danger of each progressively more terrifying situation they land in .
When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is an odd film , from a strange time in which Hammer Films and their teams set out to make some really interesting B-movie grade stuff that sometimes worked and sometimes did n't . They also tended to find what worked and really run it into the ground – this film falls under that philosophy , as it is the third of four features that Hammer produced what is now known as their “ Cave Girl ” series . It sacrifices story for substance in the most amusing way , resulting in a runaway train paced movie , chocked full of prehistoric action and raw aggression that makes for the perfect kind of movie to simply turn off your brain for and tag along for the ride . And what a crazy ride it is .
The Video ( 4.5/5 )
Shot on 4-perf 35mm film using spherical lenses and cropped during post production , When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth was originally presented in the 1.66:1 aspect ratio , according to Turner Classic Movies . Source from a brand-new HD master prepared by Warner Archive , the film is presented in 1080p resolution , in a slightly cropped 1.78:1 aspect ratio .
Shot on location in the Canary Islands and other locations , When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is awash with rustic yellows , brown , blacks , and dark blues that lend the film a layer of realism in recreating an era before man dominated their own environment . Skin tones are a crispy brown , embellishing the prehistoric lack of sunscreen for our cavemen , an intentional choice . The film , nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects , is chocked full of brilliant model work , which this transfer does wonders for in terms of bringing out the rich detail and skilled composite to make each shot work . The film features a nice , even layer of film grain that only occasionally ramps up during some of the film 's many effects shots . Other than the distracting contrast of a few stock shots , this 1080p presentation does a great job of breathing new life into this low budget cheese fest .
The Audio ( 3.5/5 )
Originally shown in theaters on film prints with a mono optical track , When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is presented with a DTS-Master Audio 2.0 mono soundtrack .
This movie will never sound good , even for a monaural soundtrack . Matching its prehistoric storytelling , the track has a distinct low fidelity quality to it that makes voices sound sometimes a bit murky in playback . Sound effects register with clarity , mixed well with the film 's score and dialogue . It 's a well layered track that just lacks the resolution that many of its peers have . To the Archive 's credit , the track is free of any distracting hiss or pops and clicks of any kind .
Special Features/Packaging ( 3/5 )
Released to home video by Warner Archive , When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth comes packaged in a standard Blu-ray keepcase . The front artwork features a beautiful redesign of the film 's original release poster , with drawn depictions of the film 's sacrifice sequence , fireside battle , and the lead cave woman ready to fight , spear in hand . All of this is composited against the film 's many dinosaurs , showing them in action behind the cave people . It 's back artwork features a shot of one of the film 's smaller dinosaurs , on top of which a description quote , paragraph about the film , a few cropped shots from the film , credits , and technical specifications are laid . A beautiful full color packaging job all around from the folks at Warner Archive .
The only feature included is the Theatrical Trailer , which is the trailer that was seen in the time surrounding the film 's release in 1970 .
The total lack of features is very disappointing , but the packaging Warner has designed for this release will look fantastic on any fan or collector 's shelf .
Technical Specs ( click for technical FAQs )
Video
Region Coding : Region Free
Codec : AVC
Resolution : 1080p
Aspect Ratio : 1.78:1
Audio
DTS-Master Audio 2.0 Mono ( English )
Subtitles
English
Runtime : 100 minutes
Overall ( 3.5/5 )
When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is by no means fine art , but has enough action and spectacle to keep things moving for its 100 minute run time . The film is chocked full of Hollywood 's finest classic practical effects , some rather convincing , if not over the top primitive character performances , and overall makes for a good time when set in the proper context . Warner Archive have presented the film with minimal fanfare in terms of extras , but include an excellent 1080p video presentation , and understandably low-fi audio track , and fantastic packaging . Recommended for fans of the film , or just fans of 70s B-movies in general .
Trump of the Will
Some of you may have been thinking to yourself `` Where the Hell has Lefty been the past two weeks ? Is n't they supposed to be enlightening the masses every other day with their majestic displays of indecent progressive crankery ? ''
Well , I 'll tell you where I 've been .... I 've been right here in my studio , sitting in front of my computer , trying to make some sort of sense out of Generalissimo Tinyhands McPussygroper 's new cabinet .
So far , nothing . But hope prevails , for the questionable quality of Tinycuck McOrange cabinet picks almost seems to indicate a covert desire on their part to be relieved of duty by the Electors . If these Electors actually DO their duty Tweety McFucktheunions ' replacement would , sadly , be a Republican ( I did n't say `` another Republican '' because Groper 's in it for himself ) but nothing could be as loathesome as the shitstorm the voters excreted all over our Republic last month .
-- -- -- -- -
BTW , I 'm not making up the poll questions and answers in today 's cartoon . PPP asked Trump voters many of the same sort of questions and the answers came as if from some alternate reality . Check it out , if you dare .
-- -- -- -- -
I always , deep in my gut , thought that Mr. Obama received their Nobel Peace Prize a bit prematurely , but after witnessing the pure diplomatic shit-show of both Trump and Dubya I think the Swedes knew what they were doing .
-- -- -- -- -
Trump on the stump : `` If you send your company overseas I 'll charge you 35 % tax to sell your goods here . ''
Trump using other people 's money : `` Hey , Carrier , keep your workers here and I 'll give you $ 7 million dollars in bribes , uh , I mean , tax breaks . ''
Should n't Carrier be having to take a drug test to warrant all this welfare dough ?
-- -- -- -- -
There 's some Breitbart propaganda going around that says Hillary Clinton only won 57 counties . It 's more like 487 , but here 's the thing ...
The nation 's largest county , Los Angeles County has 9.8 million people ( roughly 3 % of the entire country lives in this one county ! ) . The nation 's smallest county , Loving County , Texas , has 82 . So the not-very-Breitbarts of the world are really arguing that counties with 9.8 million people are equal to counties with 82 people .
-- -- -- -- -
Philipine President Duerte has a policy of murdering drug users without resorting to any legal process . Recently Duerte , in a conversation with our new Commander in Conflict , says that Drumpf told them he 's doing it `` the right way '' .
Appalling ? Yes . Frightening ? Yes ? Ca n't happen here ? Wrong .
We live in a time of `` stand your ground '' , where it 's already legal to kill someone in the act of a crime , or if you even suspect someone may harm you . It 's only a small step to turning a blind governmental eye to politically expedient vigilantism of any stripe .
=Lefty=
After a 60-year gap following Soviet rule , Erenpreiss bikes are once more being sold – as new or rebuilt from old parts
Latvia might not be the first country you think of when it comes to cycling but during the 1920s and 1930s , the number of bicycles in Riga was increasing faster than its population .
Much of this was down to Gustavs Erenpreiss , whose innovative and durable designs were favoured by everyone from housewives to Latvia 's 1936 Olympic team . In 1937 , Erenpreiss shifted their operations to an enormous purpose-built factory , amid forecasts that there would be five times as many bicycles in Riga by 1990 .
However , this all-too-brief golden era came to an end in 1942 , when the Erenpreiss factory was taken over by the Soviets , who eventually used it to produce mopeds . Erenpreiss themselves left for Germany in 1944 , and died in exile 12 years later , having never returned to their homeland .
Gustavs Erenpreiss in exile in 1955 . Photograph : Erenpreiss
The Soviets finally left in the early 90s but when I visited Riga recently , I was surprised to find that , some 20 years on , many Latvians are still coming to terms with their freedom ; attempting to recall and revive a national identity that was long suppressed , and finally facing up to decades of suffering and humiliation .
The guides at the notorious KGB building , opened to the public only last year , told me that they are still reconstructing the events that took place there , from the often harrowing testimonies of former prisoners who have screwed up the courage to revisit the site of their incarceration .
And 10 years ago , acting on their lifelong obsession with bicycles , the great-grand-nephew of Gustavs Erenpriess decided to strike their own blow against Latvians ' collective amnesia , by bringing the old brand back to life .
I met Toms Erenpreiss at a party following Riga 's annual Tweed Run .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Toms Erenpreiss , great-grand-nephew of Gustavs Erenpriess . Photograph : Stefan Jacobs/Erenpreiss
Toms is almost entirely self-taught . They restored their first vintage bicycle at the age of 12 , and has spent the intervening years poring over books and websites , and picking the brains of Latvia 's few surviving bike builders . After serving their apprenticeship by restoring over 100 bicycles , they designed and produced a new range of Erenpreiss bicycles in 2012 , combining their great-grand-uncle 's tried and tested methods with modern innovations such as a Sram 2-speed coaster brake . They sold out within three weeks .
The new bikes are manufactured in Taiwan , with the Riga operations devoted to restoration , so in some ways Erenpreiss HQ is very much as it would have been 60 years ago . Sales manager Ance Pudāne led me into the bowels of the workshop , where racks of ancient dust-covered bicycles hung from the walls , waiting to be dismantled for parts , and neatly labelled shelves and drawers bulged with rusted handlebars , forks , cranksets , hubs , contorted leather saddles , and everything else that might possibly be salvaged from a 70-year-old bicycle that has spent the last few years in someone 's attic or back garden .
Ance , who is also a restorer with a degree in metalwork , explained that some of the parts they receive are so corroded by long neglect that they fall apart when they try to clean them . Usually the team will wait until a project comes in – often an original Erenpreiss – and then ransack their extensive collection to identify and refurbish the parts that will restore it to its former glory and , most importantly , get it back on the road .
Of course the Erenpreiss team are setting themselves a high bar . Many have remarked that , if Toms has done their job properly , the bikes now flying in from Taiwan will last as long as their 1930s ancestors . Ance led me over to a display of these recent arrivals .
“ Do you want to ride one ? ” they asked . Of course I did .
One of the modern Erenpreiss models , the Paula . Photograph : Erenpreiss
I was given a sleek – and surprisingly light – bicycle with a step-through frame and swept-back bars wrapped in soft brown leather . Since I generally ride a road bike , the first few seconds were alarmingly wobbly , and a few people smirked as I swung my leg over the saddle , rather than demurely stepping through the frame as nature and Erenpreiss intended . But then I was off , flying along smoothly , comfortably and speedily , bumping gently over the cobbles that still line the streets of Riga , marveling at how little , really , the bicycle has changed in all those years – indeed , how little it ever needed to change .
• This article was amended on 7 May 2015 . An earlier version referred to the KBG , rather than KGB building .
Real Madrid Could miss five games
Zinedine Zidane has been forced into a rethink of their attacking plans after Karim Benzema was hit by a hip injury , ruling them out for two to three weeks .
Although Los Blancos have only just returned to training following the winter break , the games are set to pile up in January with Benzema at least out for the Copa del Rey double-header with Numancia , a LaLiga clash with Celta Vigo and maybe even the games with Villarreal and Deportivo La Coruna .
Picking up the problem early on in the Clasico defeat on December 23 , the striker missed Real 's public workout on Saturday and instead underwent an MRI scan as they began their recovery programme .
Some corners had mooted the idea that Benzema dodged training in front of the Madrid fanbase in order to avoid their jeers in what would be a PR disaster for the club , however that was not the case .
Constructing a Cube is the best parts of Limited and Constructed Magic . Instead of crafting the perfect sixty ( or ninety-nine plus one ) , Cube design is about creating the best possible environment . Then comes the fun stuff—y'know , the actual Draft . Drafting is neural gymnastics , and just like any routine , it requires a warm-up and some stretching . As I discussed last week , the best way a Cube designer can make this process seamless ( short of writing an in-depth format analysis of the Cube and sending out the mammoth document beforehand ) is to make use of the history of Magic and the identities of the guild pairs to provide a touchstone . This is certainly the case in Pauper Cubes , where the cards are the simplest executions of their colors . While I am sure that there are some awesome Planar Chaos Cubes out there , toying with the color pie , doing so with the limited scope of commons would provide a challenge ( perhaps best suited for a later day ) .
Boros is the color of the relentless army . Combining white 's military prowess with red 's passion , Boros decks tend to be the most all-out aggressive . The guiding principle for this strategy comes from Gatecrash in the form of battalion ; Boros does not overwhelm you with a giant monster , but rather comes at an opponent in wave after wave of assault . This deck tends to be highly regimented ( not unlike the Boros Legion itself ) and necessitates some key components .
Combat-oriented 1-drops – Boros likes beginning the beatdown as early as possible . This color combination lacks any traditional forms of card advantage , and as such , it needs to end the game before cards like Mulldrifter can come online . Being able to start on turn one is one advantage the Boros mage needs . Cards like Mogg Fanatic , Infantry Veteran , and Doomed Traveler do fine jobs of starting the assault while having utility later . Akrasan Squire is a fine 1-drop that can connect for 2 on turn two and has the bonus of making later attacks more potent . The Squire 's exalted ability matters less than the game goes on , so while it is still a fine pick , it is not as important as something like Infantry Veteran that does its job even in gang attacks . Gideon 's Lawkeeper and Goldmeadow Harrier provide additional utility from the 1 spot while also being able to sneak in a few points of damage for good measure .
Having the best 1-drops is all well and good , but Boros needs to continue to apply pressure as the game goes on . Benalish Calvary Daring Skyjek , and Mogg Flunkies all serve as highly aggressive 2-drops that can put a hurt on opponents . Syndic of Tithes also falls into this category , as it can provide a ton of extra damage due to the cheap nature of Boros spells . Plated Geopede and Keldon Marauders are pure Lava Spike s—they exist to deal damage and are good at their job . Goblin Shortcutter is a nice way to remove a pesky blocker for a turn . Boros also has two strong gold cards that fill this role in Cerodon Yearling and Goblin Legionnaire . Thankfully , these cards can ( and do ) go late due to their color requirements , meaning a Boros drafter can spend early picks on the best 2-drops and burn spells available . Oh , what was that ?
Burn spells – Also known as reach , these are the cards that end the game . As mentioned previously , Boros has some of the worst card advantage . This being the case , the deck needs to subscribe to the Philosophy of Fire . Lightning Bolt is obviously a premium here , but so are cards like Incinerate , Searing Spear , and Lightning Strike . Searing Blaze is a premium spell since it can go to the dome as well as remove a blocker . Arc Lightning and Pyrotechnics are also high picks since they are some of the only ways for Boros to access two- ( or three- ) for-ones . Fireblast is not what one would want to use to remove a creature , but sometimes there are desperate times . Rather , Fireblast is best used as one of the Boros deck 's . . .
Finishers – Fireblast does a great job of stealing games . Blinding Beam plays a similar role here as it did in Azorius : clearing the way for a final attack . Dynacharge can make an attack lethal out of nowhere . These cards are less important than burn spells since as they are narrower in scope . These cards can be picked up later ( aside from Fireblast ) with little detriment toward the goal of victory .
This version of Boros want is the beatdown . Its goal is to end the game as quickly as possible . An ideal version of this deck looks something like this :
There is another path for the Boros to walk . While the core concept is similar , this deck focuses on generating tokens and ending the game with a very wide army . In this version , a card like Dynacharge or Goblin Bushwhacker goes up in value—these cards ' effects are not easy to replicate . Dragon Fodder , Krenko 's Command , Gather the Townsfolk , and Raise the Alarm are all cards to pick up . Mogg War Marshal is the poster child for a deck like this , providing a powerful “ army in a can. ” Kruin Striker is another card that shines in this build due to its high upper limit for damage potential .
Boros tokens is an interesting route . It rewards putting a higher value on slightly different cards while taking the Boros battalion mentality to a slightly illogical end .
first article of this site , I talked about Dimir being primarily acting as a value-based control deck with a graveyard-based Flicker subtheme . While this is not exactly false , the cards are not quite there for either of these aspects to be considered fully a theme of the color . Rather , the main goal of these two colors resides in their history of being very good at controlling the game . While grind might not have been the named mechanic from Dimir in Gatecrash , it certainly describes the guild 's preferred victory style .
A good defense – Dimir decks tend to be slower than average and , as such , they need ways to gum up the ground early . Aquamoeba , Omenspeaker , and Seacoast Drake all fit the bill . Alchemist 's Apprentice , Myr Sire , and Perilous Myr also are smart pick-ups since they deter attacking quite a bit . Black also provides some strong defensive options in Typhoid Rats , Baleful Eidolon , and a leashed version of Grim Roustabout . The goal is to stay alive , and these creatures help with that .
Persistent card advantage – When looking at the backbone of the Dimir army , one needs to look no further than rats . Chittering Rats , Liliana 's Specter , and Phyrexian Rager all typify a solid creature with a strong enters-the-battlefield ability that Dimir desires . These cards are fine on their own but truly shine when combined with Ninja of the Deep Hours , Okiba-Gang Shinobi , and Cavern Harpy . And we ca n't forget Mulldrifter , the spokesfish for this class of cardboard . The ability to advance your own board state while hindering an opponent 's development plays right into what Dimir wants to do .
Consult the Necrosages is a versatile option that can also hinder an opponent in a pinch . Compulsive Research Foresee , and Read the Bones are all viable choices , and drafting two of these can put the caster far ahead in any attrition battle .
Just say “ no ” – Dimir decks make some of the best use of the countermagic available in the Cube . Soul Manipulation is among the better cards available since it stops a creature while also acting as a semi-tutor ( provided the creature you want has already died ) . Soul Manipulation can be grabber later than other spells , but stoppers like Counterspell and Exclude need to be drafted earlier .
Point and click – While the creatures in Dimir tend to be on the smaller end of the size scale , the guild 's removal options are rather fantastic . Removal of all sorts should be drafted fairly early in order to ensure those tiny rats can find their way to victory . Crippling Fatigue is nice here since it comes with built-in card advantage . Recoil and Agony Warp can go earlier than other gold cards ( due to raw power ) , so if you 're looking to draft Dimir , these are reasonable to pick up above monochromatic options .
House Dimir plays the slow game , and , while not the most glacial deck in the Cube , it can get off to some sluggish starts . Once the card-advantage ball gets rolling , however , it is hard to stop the blue and black boulder .
There is another way House Dimir takes out its opponents . Described by Brian David-Marshall as “ almost everything they want to do in Draft , ” it is a more aggressive version of the Dimir deck . Rather than slowly grinding out an adversary , this version applies pressure early and looks to slam the door with raw card advantage . The biggest changes between this deck and the slower Dimir version are the following :
Aggressive 2- and 3-drops – Cards like Fallen Askari go up in value , as Dimir aggro plays a more tempo-oriented game . Chittering Rats and its ilk are still of use , but cards like Man-o'-War also go up in value due to their ability to clear a path .
Bounce is more important – This deck plays the tempo game . The combination of advancing your own board position while hindering an opponent 's is compounded in a deck that can widen the gap with card advantage .
Two-way players – Creatures that transition from offense to defense and back are golden . Aquamoeba is one such example , but Kathari Screecher ( which can block and come back for more damage ) or Stitched Drake shines in the more beatdown-minded Dimir stack .
Boros and Dimir go about their business in rather different fashions . Those who wear red and white throw caution to the wind and seek to attack all-out , closing the game with powerful burn spells . The blue and black brethren are brutal in their own way , nickel-and-diming their way to victory before sealing the deal with a fist full of cards ( or ripping away that same fistful ) . Unlike some other actors in the realm of Cube , Dimir does not adhere to its guild model as well as an archetype like Boros .
How do you handle underperforming guilds in your Cube ? Do you lean heavier on history ( as Dimir tempo does ) or do you find a new way to provide a nice shine ? As for me , well , I go with what works and what people want to draft .
Keep slingin ' commons—
-Alex
SpikeBoyM on Magic Online
@ nerdtothecore
My Facebook Page
My Blog
Check out Common Cause on iTunes !
Discuss Pauper on Twitter using # mtgpauper
Published : 23:50 , 20 January 2017 | Updated : 23:53 , 20 January 2017
The first cast snap from the reboot of Jumanji caused consternation when star Dwayne , The Rock , Johnson posted it last September .
Fans were fine with the jungle setting that showed Dwayne , Kevin Hart and Jack Black appropriately dressed in khakis .
But there were howls of sexism about co-star Karen Gillan 's skimpy outfit - a crop top that showed off their tummy , tiny green cargo shorts that showed off their legs and sizzling leather boots .
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +4 The wrong image : Karen Gillan , who plays Ruby Roundhouse in Jumanji , spoke out on Friday about the sexism complaints when their saucy jungle costume was revealed in September
Scroll down for video
Now the 29-year-old redhead has spoken out about what appears to be the totally inappropriate jungle get up for their character Ruby Roundhouse in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , published Friday .
'There 's a really valid reason why she 's wearing that , ' Karen insisted , adding , 'my character is really not happy about it .
'But I have to say , I 'd never take on a role that was truly gratuitous for no reason . '
Dwayne said something similar when they posted the image back in September .
Karen Gillan makes sarcastic joke while being fussed on set v f Loaded : 0 % Progress : 0 % w 0:00 A Previous f Play A Skip LIVE d Mute w 00:00 Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:19 t Fullscreen g Need Text Video Quality 576p 540p 360p 270p i k m h n j Foreground -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Opaque Background -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50 % 75 % 100 % 125 % 150 % 175 % 200 % 300 % 400 % Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Minimize u Expand t Close × Share this j n l h More m Up next Karen Gillan talks Doctor Who on Empire Awards … f Cancel Related videos Karen Gillan talks Doctor Who on Empire Awards re… Karen Gillan shows off shaved head and long legs… Karen Danczuk on the downsides of being famous ( May )
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +4 Cover up : While Kevin Hart as Moose Finbar , Dwayne Johnson as Smolder Bravestone and Jack Black as Shelly Oberon were appropriately dressed , the Scot flashed their tummy and legs
The caption read : 'Our dope 90 's vintage costumes will all make sense when our plot 's revealed . Truuuuuust me . '
Meanwhile , it 's not the first time a character Karen played has been called out for sexism .
The Scot recalled working on the BBC 's iconic Doctor Who as the Time Lord 's assistant Amy Pond from 2008 to 2013 .
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +4 'Ready to kick some ass in the jungle ! ' Karen , centre , posted this Instagram shot with their stunt doubles in Hawaii 16 weeks ago
Kevin Hart , Nick Jonas , and Dwayne The Rock Johnson Jumanji set v f Loaded : 0 % Progress : 0 % w 0:00 A Previous f Play A Skip LIVE d Mute w 00:00 Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 2:58 t Fullscreen g Need Text Video Quality 576p 540p 360p 270p i k m h n j Foreground -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Opaque Background -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50 % 75 % 100 % 125 % 150 % 175 % 200 % 300 % 400 % Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Minimize u Expand t Close × Share this j n l h More m Up next Kevin Hart & Dwayne Johnson get shut down … f Cancel Related videos Kevin Hart & Dwayne Johnson get shut down by … Somme centenary : Men dressed as soldiers sing '… Imogen Anthony struts their stuff in skimpy cowgirl outfit
'There was such an uproar about my costume when that was first revealed , so I thought it was happening all over again . '
Karen co-stars with Dwayne as hunky Smolder Bravestone , Kevin as Moose Finbar and Jack Black as Shelly Oberon in the movie about a game that sucks its players into the action .
Jumanji shot in Hawaii and Sony is set to release it on July 28 .
Credit : Neal Adams ( DC Comics )
Credit : Neal Adams ( DC Comics )
When DC releases Neal Adams ' Superman : Coming of the Supermen # 1 in February , they 'll be returning the character and their supporting cast — as well as Jack Kirby 's New Gods — to what the legendary writer/artist calls `` the way you remember them . ''
But that does n't mean Adams is shying away from making new statements , as their Coming of the Supermen story also features a young Muslim boy who is taken in by Superman , a character they say is `` significant '' to the plot of the story .
Coming of the Supermen is n't the only new work from Adams in February . DC is paying homage to Adams ' career throughout the month by releasing variant covers that recreate some of the artist 's most acclaimed covers — all drawn by Neal Adams themselves and inked by other well-known artists , including Frank Miller and Jim Lee . The covers will change the characters somewhat and will incorporate designs from DC 's rebooted `` New 52 '' universe .
And what 's next for the writer/artist ? Kamandi and Deadman might have some new Neal Adams work to anticipate -- and perhaps one other member of the DC Trinity .
Newsarama talked with Adams to find out more about their plans for Coming of the Supermen , their variant covers for February , and what they might be working on next .
Credit : Neal Adams ( DC Comics )
Newsarama : Neal , I just saw the alternate cover for Action Comics # 49 . You 've been drawing 27 covers that are coming out in February . How in the world did you get all those done ?
Neal Adams : Unbelievable , right ? They asked me to do covers based on this legendary comic book artist 's greatest covers . And they refused to tell me who it was . And it turned out to be me .
Just yesterday , I saw the inking of Frank Miller 's cover . Very , very cool .
Nrama : So there 's a different inker for each cover ?
Adams : Every one is being inked by somebody different . There are 27 of them .
I 'm drawing covers based on covers that I did in the past , but each cover has different characters than were on the cover in the past .
So there 's one cover that has Superman throwing Batman off a construction site . In this case , it 's Wonder Woman throwing Superman off a construction site .
And each cover is being given to a different inker to work with me , to ink the cover .
Credit : Neal Adams ( DC Comics )
There are , of course , 27 different inkers — including Jim Lee , including Frank Miller , including… everybody ! Everybody 's telling me , `` save one for me ! '' It 's crazy . And they 're all coming out in February .
In the meantime , I 'm finishing up Superman : Coming of the Supermen . I 'm doing the last of Superman : Coming of the Supermen this week , and I 'm having a great time .
Nrama : Let 's talk about that series , which also starts in February . The story centers around the idea of there being another planet where Kryptonians live , correct ?
Adams : Yeah , if you 're enough of a geek , or if you go on the internet and look around , you 'll find these conspiracy theorists who have all these weird theories . And one of those theories is that there 's another planet on the other side of the sun that we ca n't see , because it 's directly opposite the Earth . And of course we ca n't see around the sun .
So I thought , well , if we 're going to take Kryptonians and put them on a planet , why do n't we put them on that planet . You do n't see them , you do n't know they 're there , but then you can call upon them for stories . They 're on the other side of the sun .
So I have the Kryptonians setting up their civilization on that planet . Unfortunately Darkseid and the Apokoliptians discover the planet as well . And they want they planet . So now we have a conflict .
And the conflict is between these Supermen and , of course , the Apokoliptians , who are monstrously awful and terrible , who have all these weapons and are very powerful . The Supermen are not quite as super as Superman . They have diminished superpowers .
Credit : Neal Adams ( DC Comics )
They 're concerned that the Apokoliptians could actually beat them , so they have decided to call upon their hero , Superman , to come and help them . But they do n't want to leave Earth alone without the Earth 's greatest superhero . So they send three replacements to take their place , so Superman can come save the new Krypton from Apokolips and Darkseid .
So now we have three new Supermen . And if you 've seen the movie Gunga Din , there are three guys who are like compatriots and friends and fighters and all the rest of it , but they joke around with each other . Well , these guys are like those guys . They 're a good group of guys and they 're going to help Superman , but they 're just discovering their superpowers .
And they 're trying to convince Superman to save the Kryptonians .
Nrama : So the main villain is Darkseid ?
Adams : Yes , the main villains of the piece are Darkseid , who is the worst of the worst , and Lex Luthor , who is worse than the worst of the worst . You just ca n't trust that guy . He 's the worst , awful person in the world .
And I 'm truly doing Luthor the way we saw them in the past . He 's not being made younger or tremendously muscular . He 's kind of a genius — sort of like Moriarty , you know ? Sherlock Holmes ' Moriarty . They are Luthor .
Nrama : Luthor 's not the only character you 're drawing and writing in a way that 's familiar from the past . These are all pretty classic versions of the Superman characters , are n't they ?
Adams : Yes ! From my point of view , these are Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster 's characters — Superman and Lois Lane and Luthor . All these characters , the way you remember them , the way you feel about them , the way they are , I 'm not playing around with them . I 'm not putting weird clothes on them or anything . They 're basically Superman , Lois — the standard characters . Lois is Lois , and Luthor is Luthor .
And when I do Jack Kirby 's New Gods , I 'm not changing them . I 'm making them the New Gods . I do n't feel that Jack Kirby got a chance to explore these characters anywhere near enough . Once you see them , you realize the characters have so much to offer as characters that it 's a shame they were cut short .
Credit : Neal Adams ( DC Comics )
Even on Smallville , right at the end , Granny Goodness was introduced . Granny Goodness from Apokolips . And those of us who know Kirby stuff were like , `` oh my God ! We 're going to get all the New Gods ! '' And then the show ended . `` Oh no , really ? ''
So I 'm using all these characters , and I 'm just having a great time . Not that it is n't a good story . It 's a very well crafted story , if I say so myself . But it includes all this stuff .
Nrama : You mentioned Lois — she 's a classic TV reporter in this .
Adams : Yes . She 's gorgeous . And I show Superman as a romantic superhero . He 's handsome . And he 's a wonderful person . You ca n't help but love him . And when you see Lois , you 're going to say , yeah , I love that character . She 's a doll . But she 's Lois . She 's got spunk . They do n't put up with crap .
Basically , I 'm just doing what we all know to be true . I 'm not changing it . I 'm not adding any new past . Same old past , but just done a little bit… I do n't want t say better , but a little bit closer to what feels right — like , `` yeah , that 's Superman , that is Lois and that is Luthor . ''
Nrama : And among all these very familiar heroes and villains , you also have a young character named Rafi who has a dog named Rusty . What interested you about including that character in this big superhero story , and what role do they play in the story ?
Adams : You know , a couple years ago , I wanted to do a story for DC Comics that included a little Arab Muslim kid . And I thought , that would be good . Well , you know , we were just coming off the war , and I did this really nice cover , and they all said they felt a little uncomfortable about it and , you know , they did n't want to fly in the face of anything .
You know , I 've always been a bit of a groundbreaker . I created John Stewart , who was the first really good black superhero , in my opinion , who is n't a gang-banger who suddenly gets superpowers , or he 's not an African chief , which we can all relate to . He 's a college graduate and he 's got a profession , and that 's what I think black America wants to see .
In this case , I 'm treading gently . I 'm doing a Muslim Arab kid who 's got troubles , because their family is mostly dead . And Superman decides to take them under their wing — maybe even will adopt him ; we do n't really know .
But they are strangely intrinsic to the plot of the story . And we will see here , at the end of the story , that this boy was really basic to the plot of the story . So they are not there as a throwaway . Believe me , he 's not . He 's a significant character . And it 's like , by the way , he 's a Muslim kid .
Credit : DC Comics
Nrama : Yeah , that actually is n't even mentioned during their introduction .
Adams : Right , and I think that 's good for us . We do comic books for kids as well as adults . I know it 's a little crazy to say that . But you know , we want people to think the world out there is pretty good , I think . And I think every once in awhile , it 's part of our job . People might say , like with Green Lantern/Green Arrow , those guys are getting moral preachy . I do n't think we 're getting preachy . We 're just trying to deal with reality , just like everybody else . And these people are part of our stories .
And he 's a great kid . And he 's got a great dog .
Nrama : And he 's buddies with Superman .
Adams : Yes , that 's right .
Nrama : So Neal , you 've done Batman recently and you 're finishing up Superman . What 's next ?
Adams : Yes ! Where can I go from here ? Wonder Woman ? I think I could do Wonder Woman .
I do n't know . Their problem is that they have a tremendous amount of respect for me over at DC Comics , but at the same time , they 're paying me very well . So their attitude has to be , you know , let 's put them on something important , like with those covers .
One of the things that DC is talking about with me — they 're thinking about reintroducing the character called Kamandi from the Jack Kirby era . And that 's very interesting . What I 'm trying to do , if I can , is reintroduced Jack Kirby 's characters so people who do the television shows and the people who do the computer games can see what Jack Kirby contributed to DC Comics but kind of cut short . So instead of having to refurbish Zod one more time , maybe we can get into the Jack Kirby library of characters and do those .
Maybe I can play with Deadman . We 're kind of talking about that . And we 're talking about Kamandi . And I think I 'd rather , in a way , let it be a surprise . But I 'm having fun .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Associated Press on Monday said the U.S. government secretly seized telephone records of AP offices and reporters for a two-month period in 2012 , describing the acts as a “ massive and unprecedented intrusion ” into news-gathering operations .
A man looks down at their smartphone as they walk past the offices of the Associated Press in Manhattan , New York May 13 , 2013 . REUTERS/Adrees Latif
AP Chief Executive Gary Pruitt , in a letter posted on the agency 's website , said the AP was informed last Friday that the Justice Department gathered records for more than 20 phone lines assigned to the agency and its reporters .
“ There can be no possible justification for such an overbroad collection of the telephone communications of The Associated Press and its reporters , ” Pruitt said in the letter , which was addressed to Attorney General Eric Holder .
An AP story on the records seizure said the government would not say why it sought the records .
But it noted that U.S. officials have previously said the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the District of Columbia was conducting a criminal investigation into information contained in a May 7 , 2012 , AP story about a CIA operation in Yemen that stopped an al Qaeda plot to detonate a bomb on an airplane headed for the United States .
Five reporters and an editor involved in that story were among those whose phone numbers were obtained by the government , the AP said .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office in the District of Columbia , which notified the AP of the seizure , issued a statement on Monday saying it was “ careful and deliberative ” when dealing with issues around freedom of the press .
“ We take seriously our obligations to follow all applicable laws , federal regulations , and Department of Justice policies when issuing subpoenas for phone records of media organizations , ” the office said .
A Justice Department spokesperson referred inquiries to the U.S. Attorney 's Office .
The seized phone records were for April and May of 2012 and AP bureaus in New York , Hartford and Washington were among those affected , as well as an AP phone at the U.S. House of Representatives press gallery , the AP said .
The records seized included general AP switchboard numbers and an office shared fax line , according to the AP story on the probe .
Washington Post
July 30 , 2012
Graham Spanier might have been ousted from their post at the helm of Penn State over the sex-abuse scandal that engulfed the university , but it seems he 's found a backup employer : the American taxpayer .
Only a disgraced public figure would consider joining the much-maligned ranks of the federal workforce as a step up , reputation-wise . We can assume there were no openings for a used-car salesperson .
Spanier was faulted in an internal Penn State report after the conviction on child-molestation charges of former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky . The report said he , head coach Joe Paterno and others helped cover up Sandusky 's abuse .
Their lawyer confirms to the Loop that Spanier is working on a part-time consulting basis for a “ top-secret ” agency on national security issues.But the gig is so hush-hush , they could n't even tell their attorneys the name of the agency . In April — months after their ouster as president but before the release of the internal report — they told the Patriot-News of central Pennsylvania that they were working on a “ special project for the U.S. government relating [ to ] national security . ”
Full article here
Check out the member blogs , videos , and discussions http : //12160.info/
This morning , the Prime Minister announced a new appointment to the Supreme Court . The new appointment does not seem to have been preceded by a review of an all-party selection panel , and there is no indication as yet that the new appointee will be questioned in public by a committee of MPs before joining the Court ; the process this government had established for selecting Supreme Court justices seems to have been abandoned in the wake of the Nadon debacle , a decision the government has linked to a leak about that selection to the Globe and Mail .
This is possibly something of a loss , but it 's worth noting what was lacking in the short-lived process . Emmett Macfarlane criticized the public hearings in a piece for us in 2011 , Adam Dodek has twice written this year about the shortcomings of the process the government established , and Liberal MP Irwin Cotler has added their own criticisms . In short , however much we might want to have Supreme Court appointees subject to parliamentary review , the system set up by the Harper government to do so was seriously flawed .
Although a panel of MPs was assigned the duty of drafting a short list of candidates for the government to consider , the panel was composed of a majority of MPs from the governing party . And in their book , Irresponsible Government , Independent MP Brent Rathgeber , who was part of the selection process as a Conservative MP in 2011 , suggested the Conservative members of the panel were something less than independent :
As with everything in the Ottawa Bubble , there were attempts by the Prime Minister 's Office to control the appointment process , or , at least , influence it . Conservative members of the committee would meet separately from the full committee with PMO staffers frequently present . This parallel selection committee assured that the vetting progressed in a manner acceptable to the PM .
Rathgeber also wrote about their criticisms of the process after Marc Nadon was ruled ineligible :
Bad process will almost always lead to an inferior result . What is required is a less politicized and more thorough vetting of prospective candidates . The entire process needs to be more transparent and process , not conclusion , driven .
Whatever Stephen Harper believed in 2006 , they have apparently come to be convinced otherwise . And so a bad process has been eliminated . Only it has n't been replaced by anything like a more open and transparent process .
Hello Citizens !
Welcome to INNside the ‘ Verse , Episode 11 !
DOWNLOAD NOW ! ITUNES ! STITCHER ! SOUNDCLOUD !
This weeks cast is somewhat chaotic . Wolf had to leave early , Nehkara had no voice and could n't join us , so it 's mostly myself and Years1Hundred , nerding out about Star Citizen . That said , I want to say a huge thank you to sixfsincaps , who spent 11 hours on Sunday , turning Years and my ramblings into something that sounds good to listen to to .
That said , this weeks cast is mostly about the Hull series and Cargo Design Post , but we also announce the winners from last week 's Mustang Delta and Coaster Contest !
This week 's podcast :
1:15 – Contest winners
Mustang Delta and Coasters Contest winners :
1st prize – Caeous
2nd prize – Myjj
2nd 2nd prize – Bluff
2:10 – Fan Spotlight
This week 's Fan Spotlight is Lizart , for their Star Citizen Comic Hunter
2:50 – INN Rewind
7:00 – Hull Series Sale
18:30 – Cargo Design Post
28:50 – Server Back-End Issues
29:15 – FPS Update
30:20 – New Damage System
Once again , a huge thanks to everyone who listened , and to everyone who entered last week 's contest . We read through all of your feedback , and we have some things in the work to start implementing your suggestions ! That said , if you have any more suggestions , lets us know in the comments below !
Also , another huge thanks to everyone who has supported INN on Patreon and Fundly ! We 'd still do this without you , but you certainly make it easier for us . So thanks !
In the two months that Ackquille Pollard , better known as the Brooklyn rapper Bobby Shmurda , has sat in jail on gang conspiracy and gun charges , their mother has visited twice a week . Their hip-hop idols have offered words of support .
But Mr. Pollard says that they have n't heard what they want from their label , Epic Records — namely a firm reassurance of its backing and help to make their $ 2 million bail : “ When I got locked up , I thought they were going to come for me , ” they said in an interview from the Manhattan Detention Complex , “ but they never came . ”
Barely six months ago , Epic , a subsidiary of Sony , wooed Mr. Pollard , 20 , with a seven-figure , multi-album deal , largely on the strength of one viral hit , known in its censored version as “ Hot Boy. ” With the label 's support , that song went on to reach No . 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
But now , after Mr. Pollard 's electric performance on “ The Tonight Show ” and almost 1 million downloads sold — more than 800,000 for “ Hot Boy ” alone , according to Nielsen Music — Epic has distanced itself , declining , despite pleas from music industry figures like 50 Cent , to help the rapper get out .
Mark Edward Whitacre ( born May 1 , 1957 ) is an American business executive who came to public attention in 1995 when , as president of the Decatur , Illinois-based BioProducts Division at Archer Daniels Midland ( ADM ) , they became the highest-level corporate executive in U.S. history to become a Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) whistleblower . For three years ( 1992–95 ) , Whitacre acted as an informant for the FBI , which was investigating ADM for price fixing . In the late 1990s Whitacre was sentenced to 9 years in federal prison for embezzling $ 9.5 million from ADM at the same time they were assisting the federal price-fixing investigation . [ 7 ]
ADM investigated Whitacre 's activities and , upon discovering suspicious activity , requested the FBI investigate Whitacre for embezzlement . As a result of $ 9.5 million in various frauds , Whitacre lost their whistleblower 's immunity , and consequently spent eight-and-a-half years in federal prison . They were released in December 2006 . Whitacre is currently the chief operating officer and President of Operations at Cypress Systems , a California biotechnology firm .
Early life and education [ edit ]
Whitacre was born on May 1 , 1957 and grew up in Morrow , Ohio . [ 4 ] They hold B.S . and M.S . degrees from Ohio State University , [ 4 ] and earned a Ph.D. in Nutritional Biochemistry from Cornell University ( 1983 ) . [ 4 ] [ 8 ]
Career [ edit ]
Whitacre was a Ph.D. scientist at Ralston Purina after they graduated from Cornell University in early 1983 . They then are Vice President at Degussa from 1984 to 1989 prior to joining ADM . In late 1989 , Whitacre became the President of the BioProducts Division at ADM . In 1992 , they were promoted to Corporate Vice President of ADM , as well as being President of the BioProducts Division . On August 9 , 1995 , Whitacre was terminated for conducting a $ 9.5 million fraud after ADM learned that they were an FBI informant for three years . Whitacre wore a wire for the FBI assisting in one of the largest price fixing cases in U.S. history against ADM. [ 4 ]
After leaving ADM in August 1995 , Whitacre was hired as the CEO of Future Health Technologies ( FHT ) , which soon was renamed Biomar International . They worked at Biomar until their incarceration began during early 1998 . [ 9 ]
In December 2006 , after their release from federal prison , Whitacre was hired by Cypress Systems Inc. , a California biotechnology company , as the President of Technology and Business Development . [ 1 ] In March 2008 , Whitacre was promoted to the company 's Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) and President of operations . [ 2 ] [ 10 ]
Legal issues [ edit ]
ADM price-fixing [ edit ]
In 1992 , during an ADM-initiated investigation of corporate espionage and sabotage , Whitacre informed an FBI agent that they and other ADM executives were involved in an illegal multinational lysine price-fixing scheme . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] Whitacre 's wife pressured them into becoming a whistleblower after they threatened to go to the FBI herself . [ 13 ]
Over the next three years , Whitacre worked with FBI agents to collect information and record conversations with both ADM executives and its competitors . [ 4 ] ADM ultimately settled federal charges for more than $ 100 million and paid hundreds of millions of dollars more to plaintiffs and customers ( $ 400 million alone on a high-fructose corn syrup class action case ) . [ 11 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Whitacre embezzlement [ edit ]
A few years into the price-fixing investigation , Whitacre confessed to their FBI handlers that they had been involved with corporate kickbacks and money laundering at ADM. [ 4 ] Whitacre was later convicted of embezzling $ 9 million ; some of this criminal activity occurred during the time they were cooperating with the FBI . [ 6 ] [ 16 ]
Sentencing and release [ edit ]
Whitacre pled guilty to tax evasion and fraud and was sent to prison on March 4 , 1998 . [ 6 ] Although some officials in the FBI and the Department of Justice opposed the length of the penalty , Whitacre was sentenced to ten and a half years in Federal prison . In December 2006 , they were released on good behavior after serving eight and a half years . [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
Differing perspectives [ edit ]
Kurt Eichenwald [ edit ]
In their 2000 book , The Informant , Kurt Eichenwald , a former The New York Times reporter , portrays Whitacre as a complex figure : while working for the FBI as one of the best and most effective undercover cooperating witnesses the U.S. government ever had , Whitacre was simultaneously committing a $ 9 million white-collar crime . [ 19 ] According to Eichenwald , preceding the investigation Whitacre was scammed by a group in Nigeria in an advance fee fraud , and suggests that Whitacre 's losses in the scam may have been the initial reason behind their embezzlement activity at ADM. [ 5 ]
Eichenwald writes that Whitacre lied and became delusional in a failed attempt to save himself , making the FBI investigation much more difficult . [ 19 ] The Informant details Whitacre 's bizarre behavior , including Whitacre cracking under pressure , increasing their mania , telling the media that FBI agents tried to force them to destroy tapes ( a story that Whitacre later recanted ) , and attempting suicide . [ 19 ] Two doctors later diagnosed Whitacre as suffering from bipolar disorder . Eichenwald concludes that Whitacre 's sentence was unjust because of their mental instability at the time . [ 20 ]
Eichenwald , two prosecutors , an FBI agent , and Mark Whitacre ( during their incarceration ) were featured on a September 15 , 2000 , episode of the radio program This American Life about the ADM case . [ 21 ] Eichenwald referred to Whitacre 's sentence as `` excessive and a law enforcement failure '' because Whitacre never received credit for their substantial cooperation in assisting the government with the massive price-fixing case . [ 21 ]
Eichenwald 's account of Whitacre has been called into question by the syndicated columnist Alan Guebert , [ 22 ] following the disclosure in August 2007 that Eichenwald paid their sources on another story . [ 23 ]
Feature film [ edit ]
The Informant ! is a Warner Bros. feature film released on September 18 , 2009 . Produced by Jennifer Fox and directed by Steven Soderbergh , the dark comedy/drama film stars Matt Damon as Whitacre . The screenplay by Scott Z. Burns is based on Kurt Eichenwald 's book , The Informant , with most of the filming done in Central Illinois ( Blue Mound , Moweaqua and Decatur ) . [ 24 ] In the movie , the character of Whitacre is portrayed as exhibiting bizarre behavior , including delusions , mania , and compulsively lying . It was eventually learned that Whitacre was suffering from bipolar disorder . [ 24 ]
James B. Lieber [ edit ]
In their 2000 book , Rats In The Grain , attorney James B. Lieber focuses on ADM 's price-fixing trial and presents Whitacre as an American hero overpowered by ADM 's vast political clout . [ 17 ] Rats In The Grain presents evidence that the U.S. Department of Justice often subjugated itself to ADM 's political power and well-connected attorneys in prosecuting Whitacre . Lieber reveals that , in 1996 , `` ADM CEO , Mr. Dwayne Andreas , told The Washington Post that they had known about Whitacre 's frauds for three years '' and speculates that Whitacre was fired and turned over to the Federal authorities only after ADM learned they had been working as an FBI mole . If they knew about Whitacre 's embezzlement for three years , Lieber asks , why did n't Andreas fire Whitacre immediately ? Lieber surmises : `` There were only two logical explanations for Andreas ' behavior : either they did not think the funds were stolen ( in other words , they were approved ) or they did n't care . `` [ 25 ] Based on the fact that other ADM executives committed crimes such as financial fraud by a former treasurer and technology thefts by others , Lieber concludes that fraud was well-known and widespread at ADM during the 1990s . [ 17 ] Lieber suggests that ADM would have not turned Whitacre over to the authorities if they had not been a mole for the FBI . [ 16 ]
Like Eichenwald , Lieber concludes that Whitacre 's lengthy prison sentence was excessive and unjust when one takes into account Whitacre 's cooperation in the much larger price-fixing case . [ 20 ] [ 26 ]
Lieber also poses this question : `` Where will the government obtain the next Mark Whitacre after potential whistleblowers observe how Whitacre was treated ? `` [ 25 ]
Clemency and pardon support [ edit ]
Appeals for Whitacre 's full pardon or clemency to the White House were supported by several current and former justice department officials : Dean Paisley , a retired 25-year veteran and former FBI supervisor on the price-fixing case ; two other FBI agents involved with the case ; a former Attorney General of the United States ; one of the former Asst . U.S . Attorneys who prosecuted Whitacre ; two prosecutors from the Canadian Department of Justice ; several Senators and Congressmen ; Cornell University and Ohio State University professors ; Major League Baseball Hall of Famer Harmon Killebrew ; Chuck Colson ; and numerous top executives of corporations . [ 1 ] [ 10 ] [ 22 ] [ 27 ]
In 2008 , more than ten years after the original conviction , Paisley and two other FBI agents went public with praise for Whitacre . Paisley concluded that `` Whitacre 's fraud case was minuscule as compared to the ADM case Whitacre cooperated with . `` [ 1 ] [ 8 ] [ 10 ] [ 24 ] `` Had it not been for the fraud conviction , '' Paisley said , `` he would be a national hero . Well , they are a national hero . `` [ 8 ] [ 24 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] Paisley added , `` Without him , the biggest antitrust case we 've ever had would not have been . `` [ 8 ] [ 24 ] [ 28 ] On August 4 , 2010 , in a Discovery Channel documentary , Undercover : Operation Harvest King , several FBI agents stated that `` Whitacre got a raw deal . `` [ 29 ] In addition , official letters from the FBI in support of a Whitacre pardon were published in Floyd Perry 's September 2009 book , Mark Whitacre : Against All Odds . [ 30 ] [ self-published source ]
Discovery Channel TV documentary [ edit ]
A Discovery Channel TV documentary titled Undercover : Operation Harvest King , which documents Mark Whitacre 's role in the ADM price fixing case , aired several times during 2009 and 2010 . Discovery Channel interviewed the three FBI agents who handled the Mark Whitacre/ADM case ( i.e. , Dean Paisley , Brian Shepard and Robert Herndon ) , along with Mark and Ginger Whitacre . [ 29 ] The 45-minute documentary is archived . [ 31 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Whitacre married their high school sweetheart , Ginger Gilbert , on June 16 , 1979 . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Whitacre became a Christian during their incarceration , and since their prison release during December 2006 , they has been often interviewed by the Christian community-including the Christian Broadcasting Network ( CBN ) -about redemption , second chances , and the importance of their faith . [ 3 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] Forbes reported that Whitacre was guest speaker at the Quantico FBI Academy during 2011 about second chances , [ 3 ] [ 36 ] and they were keynoted speaker for the 40th Annual NAPSA ( Pre Trial Services and U.S. Federal Probation ) Conference in 2012 along with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. [ 38 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Inline citations [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Londoners love a good bit of tube trivia – almost as much as we love complaining about engineering works . To feed our thirst for tube knowledge , Hull Trains ( admittedly , an unlikely source for information on London 's tube network ) has come up with 25 facts about the London Underground .
They range from stuff you ( probably ) already know about , like the fact that there are 270 stations on the network , to some pretty great pub quiz trivia . For example , who knew that every week , tube escalators travel the equivalent distance of twice the world 's circumference ? And have you ever wondered how the tube got its name ? It was based on a nickname for the Central line , which was known as the Twopenny Tube , because all fares cost two pence . Those were the days , eh ?
Check out the infographic for more tube trivia :
Image : Mike Lodge
Want more cool tube news ? You can now go on a tour of a disused tube station .
And have you seen this Shakespearean tube map ?
At the end of Planet of the Apes , Charlton Heston collapses on a beach and cries : “ We finally really did it . You Maniacs ! You blew it up ! Ah , damn you ! God damn you all to hell ! ” That 's sort of what happened last night in New Hampshire . They blew it up . All of it . And the women who Clinton thought they could count on chose to go to Hell instead .
How did Sanders and Trump win the Granite State , among Democrats and Republicans respectively ? In both cases they probably brought a lot of new voters to the polls . Sanders drew young people ; Trump attracted independents and even Democrats . Trump 's voters very often describe themselves as `` moderate '' .
Anecdotal evidence gleaned from journalists on the campaign trail says a lot of Sandersites were radicalised by the Occupy movement , while a great many Trumpites were economically liberal and socially conservative . But while it might appear that they 've broadened their parties ' appeal , exit polling also suggests that they 've contributed to their ideological narrowing .
Democrats are more Left-wing than they once were ; Republicans more abrasively Right-wing . And neither seems satisfied by compromise .
Why are they angry ? Two themes helped the populists . One : betrayal . For too long the party leaders have promised change and failed to deliver it . Democrats are not happy that they had to settle for a halfway-house medical reform .
Republicans are tired of failure to act on abortion , marriage , tax relief or immigration . Immigration is the big one . Pundits say they are surprised , given that Trump ran on the subject , that immigration has ranked so low on people 's list of concerns .
But that 's because while few people vote on immigration , it does define how they see the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates . Bush , Rubio and Cruz were all open to charges of vacillation or a lack of clarity . Trump just said : “ I 'll build a wall. ” I , like the people of New Hampshire , am inclined to believe him . One thing we know they can do is build .
Second theme of the month : the rejection of political correctness . It 's more obvious how Trump tapped into that . Every outrageous thing they said – every “ Oh no they did n't ! ” moment – ought to have ended their candidacy by ordinary standards .
But it appealed to a group of people who are sick and tired of being told what they can and ca n't articulate . There is a growing feeling in our culture of being straightjacketed by political correctness .
Sometimes we call this good manners – it 's not okay to be sexist , chauvinist , racist or just rude . But sometimes the pressure of being so well behaved beyond the point of reason winds people up so much you think they might explode .
Voting for Trump lets the pressure out . It 's a fat , white middle finger up to the cultural elite .
Photo : Getty Images
The pressure of being so well behaved beyond the point of reason winds people up so much you think they might explode . Voting for Trump lets the pressure out . It 's a fat , white middle finger up to the cultural elite .
Surprisingly , Sandersism is similar . For liberals the politically correct mantra is that they can never win . They have to settle . Settle for Hillary Clinton and their pant-suit wearing corporate friends ; settle for Goldman Sachs controlling the agenda ; settle for more Iraqs and Afghanistans .
The young people who voted Bernie are characterised as the very politically correct prudes that Trumpism pokes in the belly . But they also watch Colbert , Maher and Stewart – and they have a little rage bottled up inside them , too . When Madeleine Albright said that women who do n't vote Hillary go to Hell , or Bill said Sanders people were sexist , they drove many to the arms of Bernie .
People are tired of being patronised and lied to . The feeling is global in its reach .
I think tonight 's results are good , even as a lamestream conservative hoping that someone a little less apocalyptic comes forward soon ( Rubio , Kasich - come on fellas ) . The whole point of the American primary process is that the voice of the people is heard , the party establishment listen , they take on board the criticism , and they adjust appropriately . Congress has got to start to deliver . The plastic , programmed , robotic style of US politics has got to change .
At this stage in the race , my instinct is that the GOP is still better placed to make the necessary adaptations .
Why ? Because all the Dems have after Sanders burns out is Hillary Clinton .
They embody the politics of low expectations . They are the past . They are the living , breathing embodiment of what so many people cast their vote against in New Hampshire .
Frederica Wilson Represents One of Nation 's Poorest and Least Educated Districts – Maybe They Should Focus on Home Instead of Trump ?
Rep. Frederica Wilson ( D-FL ) made headlines this week in the liberal media after they attacked President Trump for their phone call to a grieving widow that they listened in on and then for attacking four-star General John Kelly .
Wilson accused President Trump for being heartless during their phone call to the Florida widow , something the president and their staff vehemently denied .
Wilson may be deflecting attention from their own failed record .
Florida District 24 is ranked 425th out of 434 districts in America on the “ state of American well-being ” survey .
And Frederica 's district is ranked as the 408th poorest district in America — out of 435 districts .
The employment rate in Florida district 24 is at 54 % — well below the national average .
226 people in the district — almost one-third of all residents — are on food stamps .
And about one in four adults do not have a high school education .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Whether by whim or design , President Donald Trump keeps adding fuel to their incendiary Twitter battle against the media . The press is an easy target for the Republican president , and one their supporters love to hate .
But the escalating conflict has diverted attention not just from Trump 's failures but theirs claimed successes as well .
Trump tweeted Monday that “ at some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers , strong economy , success with ISIS , the border & so much else ! ”
It 's their own campaign against the press , though , that keeps changing the subject from that more substantive policy debate Trump claims to crave . And it has hindered Trump 's ability to push their agenda through Congress , where Republicans complain about the president 's lack of focus as their health-care plan is struggling , work on next year 's budget is stuck and talk of a big infrastructure deal is fading .
Trump 's latest bash was a repurposed old video they tweeted on the weekend of them fake-pummeling a wrestling promoter whose face had been replaced by the CNN logo .
It was unprecedented , even for Trump : a sitting president , in effect promoting physical assault of a media stand-in . Media watchdogs quickly called them out .
Unrepentant , Trump argued over the weekend that their outsized Twitter presence was part of a calculated redefinition of the presidency .
“ My use of social media is not Presidential – it 's MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL , ” they tweeted .
Trump spent the weekend at their private golf club in New Jersey . None of their top advisers traveled with them and their activities were closely held . There was no telling how much of their anti-press drumbeat was a calculated strategy to divert attention from their policy struggles vs. a capricious reaction to criticism .
But Trump was clearly being egged on by their supporters , including their eldest son , Donald Trump Jr. , a frequent attack dog for their father .
The younger Trump on Monday contrasted the more accepting way the media have treated a New York production of Julius Ceasar , in which a Trumpian Ceasar dies in a bloody group stabbing , with the outcry over the wrestling clip .
“ CNN & dems calling Trump assassination play ‘ artistic expression ' but WWF joke meme is ‘ a call for violence ' ? Hilarious reinforcement of FNN , ” the younger Trump tweeted Monday , using an acronym for what the president has begun to refer to as the “ Fake News Network . ”
When a CNN reporter tweeted , “ Is n't pro wrestling fake ? ” Trump Jr. responded : “ Yes , just like your coverage . ”
Senior White House counselor Kellyanne Conway also piled on , tweeting that lately the “ role of the media has been to retract false stories & fire liars ” and that “ patriotic vets died ” so the press can “ talk nonsense . ”
Princeton University historian Julian Zelizer said that while presidents from Franklin D. Roosevelt to Richard Nixon and George W. Bush have long distrusted and made derogatory statements about the press , Trump 's sustained and personal attacks are something entirely new .
“ We have n't really seen a president who seems totally consumed , which he 's been since the election , with the press as their adversary , ” Zelizer said , describing the wrestling tweet as unprecedented .
While Trump 's electoral base may be urging them on , Zelizer said , the president risks alienating many Americans who have real problems .
They may get a rise out of Trump knocking the unpopular press every once in a while , they said , but “ when you 're focusing on ‘ Morning Joe ' instead of health care , it could alienate voters ” and make them think the president is not engaged in issues that affect them .
“ This does have consequences , ” they said .
Likewise , Kathleen Hall Jamieson , director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania , said that by provoking a running battle with the press , Trump has “ minimized accountability for their failures but he 's also not getting credit for their successes when they distract us . ”
Jamieson blamed Trump for stoking the battle , but also chided the press for giving it undue attention .
People care about jobs , defeating terrorism , preventing election hacks and the like , they said .
“ Trump 's shenanigans in their relations with the press ” would be very low on the list if the public were given a checklist of priorities to choose from , they said .
“ If everything was fine all around the world , we would have the luxury of these sorts of distractions by the president and the press , ” they said . “ In the current world , we do not have that luxury . ”
It remains unclear exactly how the wrestling video found its way onto Trump 's Twitter feed . Social media director Dan Scavino and the White House press office did not respond to emailed questions . A version of the video had previously appeared on Reddit , though a member of the president 's team appeared to add sound and convert the file from its original format to post it .
It 's not the first time that a meme has found its way from an obscure online channel to Trump 's Twitter feed . The president was criticized during the campaign for tweeting an anti-Hillary Clinton image featuring a Star of David and piles of money that had appeared in an internet forum featuring racist and hateful imagery .
___
Lucey reported from Bedminster , New Jersey .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel fired artillery into Syria in response to gunfire aimed at its troops in the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights , and may have killed Syrian soldiers , Israel 's army said on Sunday .
There were no reported injuries on the Israeli side from the shootings , which occurred on Saturday , the third case this month of violence seen as a spillover of civil unrest in Syria that has also alarmed other neighbors such as Lebanon and Turkey .
“ There was small arms fire ( at Israeli forces ) , there was a response and from what I hear over Arab media it appears Syrian soldiers were killed , ” Brigadier-General Yoav Mordechai , Israel 's chief military spokesperson , told Army Radio .
They said Israel was trying not to be dragged into battles between Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces and rebels . The chaos of the 20-month-old insurgency often makes independent assessment of casualties within Syria difficult .
“ Our trigger finger is very stiff , not light , ” Mordechai said . “ Under no circumstances do we accept any shooting on the State of Israel 's territory , but nor do we intend to heat up the area . ”
Israel captured the Golan area in the 1967 war and later annexed it in a move never recognized internationally .
Israel lodged a complaint with the United Nations over Saturday 's incident . The U.N. has a peace-keeper force in the area monitoring a ceasefire in place since the 1970s .
Legislation would stop student loan rates from doubling on July 1 . Senators close to student loan deal
A bipartisan group of senators is close to reaching an agreement to stop student loan rates from doubling on July 1 , aides said Thursday afternoon .
The legislation would represent a compromise between the plan pitched by President Barack Obama and Senate Republicans . It would link the rate of new loans to Treasury bonds and lock the rate in for the life of the loan — a key priority for the White House that was missing from a House Republican bill .
Story Continued Below
Senate Democratic leadership has not signed off yet on the deal and it 's unclear when the proposal could get a vote with immigration legislation still pending a vote on the Senate floor .
( Also on POLITICO : Arne Duncan to visit Hill on student loans )
“ [ The deal is ] sort of middle ground between the Republican one and the White House , ” said one Senate aide .
If the rates are allowed to double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent on July 1 , it 's not something many voters are likely to miss , making this the type of issue that has real political consequences for whoever is seen as being to blame for inaction .
If anything is to happen before the deadline — and Congress has demonstrated in recent months a tendency to push deadlines — it will have to come first from the Senate since the House has already passed its own bill .
Senate Democrats did n't unite behind any one proposal during a Thursday lunch with top administration officials , including White House chief of staff Denis McDonough . Democrats floated capping student right as one potential solution , a source familiar with the meeting said , and the administration said it is open to changes to Obama 's proposal in order to find a middle ground .
The key negotiators on the possible deal that could offer a lifeline to the nettlesome student loan issue as the deadline nears are Sens . Angus King ( I-Maine ) , Joe Manchin ( D-W.Va. ) , Richard Burr ( R-N.C. ) and Tom Coburn ( R-Okla. ) , sources said .
They got good news on Thursday afternoon : The legislation they have drafted would reduce the federal deficit by $ 8.6 billion over 10 years , according to the Congressional Budget Office . The bill likely will be tweaked further after receiving the CBO score so as to make it deficit neutral , according to a Senate aide .
The CBO score was a big breakthrough : Lawmakers and aides working closely on the compromise were worried their plan might actually increase the deficit .
The deficit impact has become a political football : Republicans are refusing to back anything that increases the deficit . Democrats are arguing that Republicans are trying to reduce the deficit on the backs of students .
For weeks , compromise seemed elusive . The Senate was at a stalemate .
House Republicans keep proclaiming that the Senate is the problem and they 've done their duty in passing a bill . Except it 's not one that can get any Democratic support and would be vetoed by the president .
House Democrats are trying to blame Republicans , saying they did n't pass legislation anyone else can support . But they 've been ignoring the lack of action so far by their colleagues in the Senate .
At the root of partisan fighting is a plethora of proposals .
House Speaker John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) likes to say that the House-passed proposal is identical to the one advanced by Obama — both proposals called for a market-based solution .
“ Republicans embraced the idea , and the House recently passed the Smarter Solutions for Students Act , a plan echoing your own , ” Boehner said in a letter to Obama on Thursday .
This article tagged under : Student Loans
Senate
On December 12th , 3:45 p.m. MST , I received a text from my 29-weeks-pregnant wife saying that their water might have broken . At 12:07 a.m. the next morning , Bradley was born , 11 weeks early . Ninety minutes later , I was allowed to formally meet him .
They were two pounds , 11 ounces with long fingers and toes . They had wires and tubes everywhere and was attached to a breathing device called a CPAP that forced air into their lungs . Seeing them for the first time was scary , overwhelming , and one of the greatest moments of my life . I never knew I could love something this much in an instant . They came so early we did not even have a name until their second day of life . The nurses and doctors were nothing but positive that by end of their stay , they would lose all these wires and cords and just be Bradley .
I received a text from my 29-weeks-pregnant wife saying that their water might have broken . At 12:07 a.m. the next morning , Bradley was born , 11 weeks early .
In order to be released , the NICU doctors told us they would need to gain weight on a consistent basis , about an ounce every couple days , breathe without machine assistance , and learn to suck and swallow . They might face invasive painful procedures if their body was not developing properly or there were any complications . We were told over and over again that this process of them growing and adjusting to life outside the womb would be stressful , not just for their parents , but for him . We were given a timeline of 10 to 16 weeks , but there was no predicting how long it would take them to meet these markers .
READ MORE : The simple acts of care that could help premature babies develop
On their second day of life , while I was sitting next to my son 's isolette , a woman approached me . They described themselves as a “ NICU music therapist. ” They had a guitar and other instruments specially designed for the NICU draped over their shoulders , and they claimed they had scientifically proven ways of alleviating the stress that both my son and their roommates felt with the use of music and other sound-making devices . They claimed that their work could potentially reduce Bradley 's days in the NICU . This idea of music therapy helping premature babies weighing as little as a pound reduce their days in the NICU sparked my curiosity .
I began to talk to the other parents in the NICU and asked if they were taking part in the music therapy services . To my surprise , most were , and admitted that it did help calm their children . Evelyn Gama gave birth 14 weeks early to their 1 pound , 10 ounce son Henry . They spent more than three months in the NICU going through a couple surgeries to remove fluid from their brain before they were released . Gama believes the therapy helped them son .
“ His oxygen saturation rate would fall at times , and the music therapy would get them to breathe at a more regular rate and normalize the oxygenation , ” they said , adding that the low tones , wave sounds and music also helped calm the parents .
These music therapists have doctorates or Master 's degrees in their field and go through an extensive internship training in hospitals . The three full-time and 14 intern music therapists at Mt . Sinai West , where my son was born , received their training at the Louis Armstrong Center for Music and Medicine . A study published in the journal Pediatrics in 2013 that proved music therapy can improve a preemie 's breathing , heart rate , feeding and sleep and , in some cases , possibly reduce the number of days in the NICU . The study followed 272 premature infants in 11 hospitals and found that the music , provided by a certified music therapist , offered stress relief for the parents too .
Music therapy can improve a preemie 's breathing , heart rate , feeding and sleep and , in some cases , possibly reduce the number of days in the NICU .
The center has also introduced something called “ songs of kin. ” This involves teaching parents to adopt and use songs that are meaningful to them .
“ We want to enhance a parent 's capacity to bond , because we want the parents to be able to know what to do when the baby is irritable , ” said Joanne Loewy , founder of the Louis Armstrong Center for Music and Medicine . Choosing a song that connects culturally to the family helps build a family bond . “ You do n't sing any old song to a baby . If the parents are Indian , they will have no relevance with an American lullaby . Currently , we are recording a Hebrew prayer in the key of the mom , to work with the baby so that there is continuity of care when they go home . ”
Evelyn Gama , a self-described “ folksy country music lover , ” chose a B.B . King song that connected to their childhood and their father who passed away . “ Henry , ” they said , “ will feel their presence when we sing this to them at home . ”
Live music is better than recorded music , since it can adapt to the moment , said music therapist Christine Vaskas .
“ If we have a baby who is crying , we are following the baby . They are the conductors . We take their lead , ” said Vaskas . “ If the baby 's heart rate is a little higher , I am looking at the monitor , and I am basing my intervention by matching the rhythm of the heart rate , and we are moving together , in terms of the rhythm , to stabilize the heart rate . ”
They use special devices designed by a famous drum maker , Remo Belli , specifically for NICU music therapy . The Gato Box and Ocean Disc mimic the baby 's heart rate and the sound of amniotic fluid from the womb .
Dr. Lisa Eiland , head of neonatal care at Mount Sinai West Hospital , has embraced this type of intervention . They say anytime you can reduce the stress off the patient , it helps with healing and in the case of premature babies , it can help in development .
“ If we have a baby who is crying , we are following the baby . They are the conductors . ”
“ Music therapy can help to feed procedures . It is stressful when a baby first tries to learn to eat . Anything to help them take the edge off can help them progress at a faster rate. ” They also pointed out that not all parents can be there all the time to soothe their babies . Music therapy can help fill that gap and soothe the baby until the parents can be there or until the baby goes home .
Medical music therapy has also been used for oncology patients . Loewy 's team recently launched a large research project in 13 hospitals for babies that suffer from addiction . Eiland believes this therapy can be used in any medical situation where there is a pattern of high stress on patients in treatment and recovery .
Surprisingly , fewer than 50 NICUs in the United States have music therapists working in any capacity . The annual cost to have the proper full-time staff can reach $ 100,000 . This price tag can make it prohibitive for hospitals .
As for us , I can attest my son benefited from the music therapy , and we still sing them the songs : Cyndi Lauper 's “ True Colors ” and the Jewish healing prayer “ Mi Shebierach . ”
Correction : An earlier version of the story incorrectly identified a company that makes the instruments used in the NICU . The company is Remo Belli .
The bridge was demolished as its height restricted the speed of the trains ( Representational )
The Bombay High Court today threatened to halt the disbursement of salaries of the staff concerned of the BMC and the Central Railways over their failure to construct a new foot overbridge ( FOB ) in place of the now demolished Hancock Bridge.A bench of Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice M S Sonak said it was surprised that even though thousands of pedestrians risked their lives every day by crossing over the railway tracks in the absence of an alternative , the authorities chose to `` turn a blind eye '' to the problem.The bench came down heavily on the authorities concerned for ignoring the plight of the common man . `` How can you be blind and deaf to the plight of the common man ? You can not just come to court and tell us that it is impossible to construct a new bridge at the spot . `` Your job is not just to identify the problem , it is also to come up with solutions , '' the bench observed . `` If you fail to act now , this court will be forced to pass an order to stop your salaries . Then , even if you gochallenge my order , at least you will realise how serious this court is about the issue , '' it said.The observations came while the high court was hearing a public interest litigation ( PIL ) petition filed by a city resident , highlighting the rise in the instances of accidents and deaths of pedestrians and the plight of rail passengers , who were forced to walk across the tracks at Sandhurst Road in the absence of an alternate bridge.As per the plea , ever since the Hancock Bridge was demolished in November 2015 , pedestrians and suburban rail commuters have had no option but cross the tracks between the Sandhurst Road and Byculla stations to reach either side.The 136-year-old bridge was demolished as its height restricted the speed of the trains passing under it.Earlier this year , following a site inspection and joint meeting between the railways and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC ) , the former had submitted that it was not feasible to construct a new bridge at the proposed spot because a water pipeline ran very close to it.The court , however , had insisted that the authorities sought a second opinion and took the help of experts for making a last attempt to come up with a feasible plan.The BMC had then told the high court that while it was ready to fund the construction of a new FoB and provide the land for the same , the railways was still reluctant to take up the construction work.The railways , in turn , had said constructing a bridge at the site was not possible since an adequate landing space was not available for the same.The bench , however , dismissed the submission and said the authorities must put their heads together and come up with a solution by November 22 , the next date of hearing.It said the authorities could not let the thousands of school-going children and senior citizens , who cross over the tracks in the area every day , to continue risking their lives . `` Imagine that it is your own child or your own parent who has to cross over the tracks to reach from one side to another . And then think of a solution , '' the bench said to the BMC and railways officials .
A quirky bike in its own right , the Moto Guzzi Stelvio had a strange cult following behind its bulky adventure-touring frame . As such , it was missed when it disappeared from Moto Guzzi 's lineup .
Well , now it 's back…sort of .
The following is what 's being called the Moto Guzzi V85 concept . It 's a loud enduro model that picks up where the Stelvio left off , and it also boasts a new 850cc engine platform from the Italian brand , which with its 80hp , will sit between the V7/V9 family of bikes , and the big 1400 cruisers .
Strangely , Moto Guzzi is n't sharing too many details about the new V85 concept , though we know that it will have a fully digital dash , as well as LED daytime running lights .
We also know that the chassis is a completely new design , made from steel tubes , with the v-twin engine used as a stressed member . The swingarm is made from aluminum , and it has an asymmetric design in order to accommodate the shaft drive to the rear wheel .
Source : Moto Guzzi
As always , Asphalt & Rubber will be covering all the new bikes debuting at EICMA this year . Be sure to follow our coverage for the most recent news and photos .
Hundreds of refugees and migrants attempting to reach Europe have been intercepted in recent days by Libyan authorities , according to a coastguard spokesperson .
The announcement on Saturday came a day after European Union leaders agreed on a controversial new plan to help stem the flow of migrants from the North African country .
Coastguard spokesperson General Ayoub Qassem said 431 people on four inflatable boats were rounded up between Thursday and Saturday at sea off the town of Sabratha , 70km west of the capital , Tripoli .
`` The illegal migrants are from various sub-Saharan countries and include a big number of women and children , '' said Qassem .
`` Smugglers had tried to foil the process of arrest by opening fire on our coastguards but the coastguards fired back and that forced the smugglers to withdraw , '' they added .
INSIDE STORY : Is Libya the answer to the refugee crisis in Europe ?
According to Qassem , 700 migrants had been picked up on January 27 from three wooden vessels in the same area .
Among them were refugees from Syria , Tunisia , Libya and the Palestinian Territories .
Libya has become the main point of departure for people attempting to cross the Mediterrenean Sea by boat to various parts of Europe , ever since a route between Turkey and Greece was largely closed off in 2016 .
People smugglers based in Libya have operated with impunity , sending migrants across the sea in vessels that occasionally break down or sink before they can be saved by rescue boats .
Libya 's coastguard sends migrants back to detention centres that rights groups have criticised for inhumane conditions and widespread abuses .
Controversial deal
At a meeting in Malta , EU leaders agreed on a strategy to help curb the number of refugees departing from Libya in upcoming months .
Under the new plan , the bloc would provide Libya 's government with funds to increase efforts to stop migrant boats from crossing territorial waters , and to `` break the business model '' of traffickers who helped 181,000 migrants enter the EU through Libya and Italy last year .
READ MORE : EU looks to fund camps in Africa to cut immigration
The announcement received a backlash from human rights groups who said such plans exposed migrants to further risks and abuses .
An estimated 230 people have died en route to Europe since the start of 2017 , according to the United Nations .
More than 4,500 people died attempting the crossing last year .
If you listen to technology analysts , futurists , and network executives , you 'll hear a common refrain : it wo n't be very long until every device in your life is connected to the internet . And not just connected with a Bluetooth tether to your already-connected phone or on a Wi-Fi network , but independently connected to the cellular networks that are all around us . But there 's an inherent problem when you connect something to a cellular network : it 's given its own phone number and identity , making it hard to use as an independent device from your phone . Nobody wants to give everyone they know a new phone number just to send messages from their watch .
AT & T thinks it has a solution to this problem with its NumberSync service , which is being announced today and will roll out to devices later this year . NumberSync lets connected devices on your account , such as a tablet or watch , use the same phone number as your main line for making and receiving calls and sending and receiving text messages . It 's essentially spoofing your number at the network level , so when you send a text to your partner from your LTE-connected smartwatch , it does n't come from a completely strange number , but from the same 10 digits you 've always used .
Jeff Bradley , senior vice president of device marketing and developer services at AT & T Mobility , says the company wants to enable this feature on “ all of the devices that people could use for communication , ” though it will be starting out with wearables and tablets . Connected cars are something AT & T hopes to include with NumberSync down the road .
The new service runs on the RCS and IMS infrastructure AT & T built initially for VoLTE service . Since it 's a network-level service , it can be made to work with any device or operating system , though device makers will need to work with AT & T to enable it . The goal is to make everything seamless for the user : use the native dialer and messaging app on your device and everything will just seem like it 's coming from your phone . Bradley even says that message status will sync across devices , so if you read that text on your tablet , it wo n't show up as unread on your phone later on . ( If you 're hoping to be able to use this feature to have two phones linked to the same number , as one unnamed Verge editor does , I 've got some bad news for you : AT & T says it 's only for linking one phone to secondary connected devices . )
AT & T notes that this solution is superior to earlier attempts at solving this problem as it does n't require any convoluted forwarding setups and can work even when the secondary devices are n't physically close to the phone or connected via Bluetooth . That gives it a leg up over platform-specific solutions , such as Apple 's Continuity between iPhones and iPads . It also comes at no additional charge over the standard $ 10 per month fee to add a tablet or smartwatch to AT & T 's shared data plans .
The carrier says it will have devices compatible with NumberSync before the end of this month , with a wider selection arriving before the holidays . It 's not yet clear if unlocked devices will be compatible with the service , but AT & T says it will have more information to share in the near future .
More from theverge.com :
MISSION — Could a video of an officer at a family gathering over the Memorial Day weekend lead to their termination ?
That is yet to be determined as an internal investigation was launched Tuesday by the officer 's boss .
Sgt . Manuel Casas , a veteran law enforcement officer with more than 20 years experience — more than 16 years on and off with Mission police — was placed on paid suspension Tuesday after a video depicting the officer in a state of inebriation made its way onto social media and was shared locally .
The video , which clocked in at around about 20 minutes long , shows Casas sitting in the driver 's seat of a vehicle , appearing to be under the influence , slurring their words , while another unidentified man , believed to be their nephew , raps to a beat , and displays what appears to be a leafy green substance in a clear plastic bag .
1 of 2
Casas , who acknowledges early on in the video that the man was live streaming the video on Facebook , is shown wearing dark sunglasses , despite the fact that it 's nighttime .
At one point the unidentified man is seen speaking to someone outside the view of the camera , with Casas pointing the camera outside of the vehicle .
It is not clear where the two are streaming the video from , but at no point does Casas drive the car anywhere .
During the video the man tells Casas there are “ cops ” around , to which Casas respond , “ I am a cop — like , hello ! ”
After a few more words were exchanged between the two men , the recording ends .
On Tuesday , as word of the video made its way to Mission Police Chief Roberto Dominguez , the longtime officer was placed on suspension .
Officials with Mission police did not volunteer the information about the officer but once members of the media began asking for comment , a statement was emailed to those outlets .
In an emailed statement , Mission police officials said they were investigating the incident .
“ The chief has ordered an internal investigation into the asupervisorstioned incident and has suspended Sgt . Casas with pay , pending the outcome of the internal investigation , ” the release states .
“ The Mission Police Department is following civil service law in addressing this particular case , and affording the City of Mission employee due process under the law . ”
Casas is the second Mission police officer to be suspended this year . On New Years Eve , officer Ramiro Humberto Gracia Jr. , while off-duty , was detained by a state trooper and charged with driving while intoxicated .
Gracia was formally indicted in March on one count of a Class B misdemeanor driving while intoxicated .
They are scheduled back in court in mid-June , according to court records .
Gracia remains on indefinite suspension , Mission police officials said .
Although MLM is legal , it is unethical : You make a profit from the sales of agents in your downline who are risking a financial loss .
Multi-level marketing ( MLM ) is a form of direct selling in which independent agents “ build and manage their own sales force by recruiting and training other independent agents. ” 1 Also known as Network Marketing , “ commission is earned on the agent 's own sales revenue ” and “ the sales revenue of the sales-force recruited by the agent and their or their recruits , called downline. ” 2 MLM is like owning a retail business and being entitled to a percentage of the sales of someone else 's retail business . Although MLM is legal , it is unethical : You earn commissions from the sales of agents in your downline who are risking a financial loss .
Any business venture requires taking a financial risk . If a person starts their own business , they invest their own money and/or borrow money from the bank . The bank may require the owner 's home ( or other assets ) as collateral if the business goes bankrupt . When you start your own business , you risk losing your savings and wealth . Even in a company with limited liability , the shareholders can lose their initial investment if the company goes bust . If the shareholders receive dividends , they do so by risking a financial loss .
With MLM , you take a financial risk : You buy sample product , so that you can promote it and sell it . You also pay membership fees , training fees , travel costs , and other expenses . However , no one in MLM becomes successful by selling product to customers for their personal consumption . As Robert L. Fitzpatrick points out , “ The business is primarily a scheme to continuously enroll distributors and little product is ever retailed to consumers who are not also enrolled as distributors. ” 3 To achieve financial success in MLM , you must sign up as many distributors as possible . The individuals you sign up will purchase the product for their own consumption , try to sell it to other people , and sign up distributors who will do the same . With MLM , you make money not only from the people you signed up , but also from the people they signed up , and you make that money without risking a financial loss .
Consequently , MLM is not a legitimate business—it is a money-making scheme . Independent agents make money from other people 's financial investment and labour . In a normal business enterprise , the owner has a legal and moral right to the profits . The workers are paid for their labour , and the owner makes a profit by risking a financial loss . ( The workers may not be paid fairly , but apart from the risk of not getting paid , they do n't risk any of their savings . ) In a normal business , if you want a share of the profits , you have to take a financial risk .
The moral and ethical problem with MLM is you get a share of the profits without taking any additional financial risk . The independent agents in your downline take the financial risk for their own inventory . They also do the work of promoting and selling the product , while people above them receive a commission on their sales . This makes MLM a form of legalized theft . To receive a royalty on a product that you invented is fair and just . To receive a commission on a product that someone else bought and sold ( for no other reason than signing them up as a distributor ) is morally and ethically wrong .
Notes
Business Dictionary , s.v . “ Network Marketing , ” accessed September 5 , 2015 , http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/network-marketing.html Ibid . Robert L. FitzPatrick , “ The 10 Big Lies of Multi-Level Marketing , ” accessed September 5 , 2015 , http : //www.falseprofits.com/MLM % 20Lies.html
Countess Markievicz was undoubtedly the female lead of the Easter Rising .
A charismatic revolutionary , politician , suffragette and socialist , they had a remarkable life before and after 1916 .
While other nations were still fighting to secure voting rights for women , Markievicz had become one of the first women in the world to hold a cabinet position , as Minister for Labour in the Irish Republic from 1919-1922 .
The Proclamation of Independence itself , read out on the steps of the GPO , was a radical endorsement of equal rights for women in Irish society .
Quoting their text , Padraig Pearse said : “ The Irish Republic is entitled to , and hereby claims , the allegiance of every Irishman and Irishwoman . The Republic guarantees religious and civil liberty , equal rights and equal opportunities to all its citizens , and declares its resolve to pursue the happiness and prosperity of the whole nation and of all its parts , cherishing all the children of the nation equally… ”
The right of Irish women ( over 30 ) to vote was granted in 1918 . American women won their 80-year campaign for the vote in 1920 , a topic which featured in the HBO television drama Boardwalk Empire .
“ You 've caught up with Ireland at last ! ” Margaret Schroeder , played by Kelly Macdonald , told their Atlantic City boyfriend Nucky Thompson ( Steve Buscemi ) in the first season .
More than 100 women are said to have taken part directly in the Rising . Many were members of the republican organisation Cumann na mBan , which declared in its constitution an explicit commitment to the use of force by arms against crown forces in Ireland , alongside its equality agenda .
Doctors and nurses doubled as daring despatch riders . They made food for Irish Volunteers , treated the wounded and — like Markievicz who shot dead a police officer near St Stephen 's Green early during the Rising hostilities — fought side-by-side with the men .
In 1914 , Mary Spring Rice and Molly Childers had served notice of the latent power women could bring to rebellion as part of a crew on board the Asgard yacht which landed arms in Howth after the daring gun-running mission from Germany .
During the Easter week insurrection , women insurgents would be present in all the rebel strongholds in Dublin , bar one .
Eamon de Valera apparently refused , in defiance of the orders of Pearse and Connolly , to allow women fighters into Boland 's Mill .
One Cumann na mBan member , Sighle Bean Ui Donnachadha , remarked : “ De Valera refused absolutely to have Cumann na mBan girls in the posts . The result , I believe , was that the garrison there did not stand up to the siege as well as in other posts . ”
Helena Molony , Madeleine ffrench-Mullen , Dr Kathleen Lynn , Rose McNamara and Elizabeth Farrell are among those whose life-changing decisions would help change the course of Irish history .
Among the last people to leave the GPO were Cumann na mBan members Winnie Carney , Julia Grenan and Elizabeth O'Farrell . Grenan was a dispatch carrier during Easter week and brought information from the GPO to garrisons around the city .
In the GPO , Pearse selected Farrell to present the surrender to the British authorities . They dodged sniper fire and dealt with belligerent British authorities while criss-crossing the city trying to convince Rising leaders that the decision to capitulate was genuine .
Elsewhere , Rose McNamara , the officer in command of the female battaliion at the Marrowbone Lane Distillery , presented themselves and 21 other women to the British at the surrender .
An account of that event , held at Military Archives , Rathmines , records : “ The women of the garrison could have evaded arrest but they marched down four deep in uniform along with the men . An attempt was made to get them to sign a statement recanting their stand but this failed . Miss McNamara who led the contingent went to the British OC ( Officer Commanding ) and explained they were part of the rebel contingent and were surrendering with the rest . ”
Recalling the events before being brought to Richmond Barracks , McNamara said : “ The men gave each of us their small arms to do as we liked with , thinking we were going to go home , but we were not going to leave the men we were with all the week to their fate ; we decided to go along with them and be with them to the end , whatever our fate might be . ”
Margaret Skinnider , who was born in Ireland and grew up in Scotland , told them their Easter Rising experiences in the book Doing My Bit For Ireland ( 1917 ) .
They served as a scout , despatch-rider , sniper and raider and told of hair-raising experiences as they served Commandant Michael Mallin near Grafton Street .
“ As I rode along on my bicycle , I had my first taste of the risks of street-fighting . Soldiers on top of the Hotel Shelbourne aimed their machine-gun directly at me . Bullets struck the wooden rim of my bicycle wheels , puncturing it ; others rattled on the metal rim or among the spokes . I knew one might strike me at any moment , so I rode as fast as I could . My speed saved my life , and I was soon out of range around a corner , ” they wrote .
Helena Molony , an actor and journalist , had smuggled guns to Ireland from England for the Rising . In their witness statement , taken in 1950 , told of their feelings on the seismic events of 1916 .
“ I had an Irish tweed costume , with a Sam Browne ( belt ) . I had my own revolver and ammuntion , ” they said .
Molony served alongside Dr Kathlenn Lynn at City Hall during Easter week and epitomised the revolutionary female nationalist of the Inghinidhe na hÉireann era .
“ We thought that Sinn Fein was a movement to attract the “ moderate ” nationalists , and the Anglicised and peace-loving section of our people , ” they said .
“ The social ideals of Sinn Fein did not appeal to us . They wished to see Irish society ( as their official organ once expressed it ) “ a progressive and enlightened aristocracy , a prosperous middle-class , and a happy and contented working-class ” .
“ It all sounded dull , and a little bit vulgar to us , and certainly a big come-down from the Gaelic Ireland of Maebh , Cuchullain , and the Red Branch Knights , which was the sort of society we wished to revive . ”
Executive producer Melissa Rosenberg and actor Krysten Ritter at AOL 's Build Series with moderator Ricky Camilleri Monday afternoon . Noam Galai/AOL Netflix 's next Marvel show `` Jessica Jones '' debuts Friday on the streaming network , but there was a time when it nearly had a different home .
Executive producer Melissa Rosenberg actually began developing the series over at ABC years ago when `` Breaking Bad '' was still on the air , they said during a taping for AOL 's Build Series Monday afternoon .
Moderator Ricky Camilleri was taken aback and commented that `` Jessica Jones '' must have been in development for three or four years .
In actuality , the series has been in development since 2010 , long before ABC 's `` Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . '' series . The then-titled `` AKA Jessica Jones '' was set to debut in fall 2011 . However , that time came and went . The network later passed on the show in May 2012 .
Finally , in 2013 , Marvel and Disney made a deal with Netflix to make four exclusive live-action series , including hit `` Daredevil '' and Rosenberg 's long-shelved `` Jessica Jones . ''
I saw the first episode at New York Comic Con in October , and it 's not a big shock that ABC passed on the series . Rosenberg previously said they had `` toned it down for the network . '' As fans will see , it 's basically an R-rated Marvel adaptation made for the small screen . It 's dark , it 's gritty , and it 's really mature — the series deals with themes like rape and PTSD — but it 's really good .
Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones . Myles Aronowitz/Netflix
It 's been a long , arduous journey for Rosenberg to get the series on screen , but it seems like the wait was well worth it and enabled the producers to get the cast they wanted .
`` With David Tennant , they had been the person we wanted for [ the villain ] Kilgrave , but they are n't available at the time , '' said Rosenberg . `` So we went through all the lists and we talked to all different people and then by the time I actually came around to shooting it , they were available again so we jumped on them like mad people . ''
Kilgrave , also known as the purple man , can be likened to a stalker who 's obsessed with Krysten Ritter 's lead character , Jones .
David Tennant , shrouded in purple , as Kilgrave . Myles Aronowitz/Netflix
Rosenberg explained that in the many years while the future of the series was up in the air , head of Marvel television Jeph Loeb , who brought the idea of `` Jessica Jones '' to her , would call every three to four months with an idea on how to make the series potentially work . This went on for a while , according to Rosenberg .
`` Finally , whenever we got the green light , they call me and says , 'Okay , if the press contact you tell them you do n't know anything , ' '' they recalled . `` I said , 'No problem ! ' And that 's when I found out it was going to be at Netflix . ''
`` Had I fantasized about the perfect place for it [ Jessica Jones ] , it would have been Netflix , '' Rosenberg added .
All 13 hour-long episodes of `` Jessica Jones '' will be available to stream November 20 .
TrustedSec is proud to announce the release of the PenTesters Framework ( PTF ) . PTF is a Python script designed for Debian/Ubuntu ( plans on expanding to more ) based distributions to create a similar and familiar distribution for Penetration Testing . As pentesters , we 've been accustom to the /pentest/ directories or our own toolsets that we want to keep up-to-date all of the time . We have those “ go to ” tools that we use on a regular basis , and using the latest and greatest is important .
PTF attempts to install all of your penetration testing tools ( latest and greatest ) , compile them , build them , and make it so that you can install/update your distribution on any machine . Everything is organized in a fashion that is cohesive to the Penetration Testing Execution Standard ( PTES ) and eliminates a lot of things that are hardly used . PTF simplifies installation and packaging and creates an entire pentest framework for you . Since this is a framework , you can configure and add as you see fit . We commonly see internally developed repos that you can use as well as part of this framework . It 's all up to you .
The ultimate goal is for community support on this project . We want new tools added to the github repository . Submit your modules . It 's super simple to configure and add them and only takes a few minutes .
To run PTF , first check out the config/ptf.config file which contains the base location of where to install everything . By default this will install in the /pentest directory . Once you have that configured , move to running PTF by typing ./ptf ( or python ptf ) .
This will put you in a “ Metasploitesk ” type shell which has a similar look and feel for consistency . Show modules , use , etc . are all accepted commands . First things first , always type help or ? to see a full list of commands .
If you want to install and/or update everything , simply do the following :
./ptf use modules/install_update_all run
This will install all of the tools inside of PTF . If they are already installed , this will iterate through and update everything for you automatically . You can also install or update each individual module separately just by use then run . If its already installed , it will simply update the package .
You can also show options to change information about the modules . If you want to create your own module , its simple . First , head over to the modules/ directory , inside of there are sub directories based on the Penetration Testing Execution Standard ( PTES ) phases . Go into those phases and look at the different modules . As soon as you add a new one , for example testing.py , it will automatically be imported next time you launch PTF . There are a few key components when looking at a module that must be completed .
Below is a sample module :
Module Development :
All of the fields are pretty easy , on the repository locations , right now all thats supported is GIT . The plan in the next release is to expand to file downloader . This can still be accomplished through ‘ After Commands ‘ ( explained later ) . Fill in the depends , and where you want the installation location to be . PTF will take where the python file is located ( for example exploitation ) and move it to what you specify in the PTF config ( located under config ) . By default it installs all tools to /pentest/ / .
Note in modules , you can specify after commands { INSTALL_LOCATION } . This will append where you want the installation location to go when using ‘ After Commands ‘ .
After Commands :
‘ After Commands ‘ are commands that you can execute after an installation . This could be switching to a directory and kicking off additional commands to finish the installation . For example in the BeEF scenario , you need to run ruby install-beef afterwards . Below is an example of ‘ After Commands ‘ using the { INSTALL_LOCATION } flag .
AFTER_COMMANDS= '' cp config/dict/rockyou.txt { INSTALL_LOCATION } ''
For ‘ After Commands ‘ that do self install ( do n't require user interaction ) – place an exit after your commands so it exits the shell .
This is still an early release and a work in progress . The hope would be to get a lot of community support for additional module development and continue to add on .
In order to download PTF , head over to github or clone it .
git clone https : //github.com/trustedsec/ptf
TODO :
* Add ability to support SVN , and FILE download .
* Support other operating systems aside from Kali , Ubuntu , Debian
The source of all evil
There was a time when you could hang any transfer story upon the words of a source ‘ close ' to the player or club , and it would go unquestioned . You were , after all , a member of Them Majesty 's Press and therefore your printed copy sacrosanct .
Sadly , in this internet age of social media cynics and Tweeting twits , you 're expected to reveal all about your contacts like some sort of magic circle snitch .
It 's far easier to be vague in your reports and simply write that a club are ‘ thought to be interested ' in a player and ‘ expected ' to place a bid , when of course what you nearly always mean is that an agent told you . If you really have no lead then you can almost will a story to happen by suggesting something will ‘ surely ' or ‘ inevitably ' happen . This may be nothing more than your opinion , but why should everyone else get to invent the stories and not you ?
Dub be good to me
All stereotypes are on some level an exercise in laziness ; they exist because they 're crude shorthand and do n't require any real thought . As such they are an incredibly useful tool in your arsenal , and far easier than reporting actual information . If a prospective target is a relative unknown , compare them to a high-profile name that everyone 's heard of . It brings the story to life and gives your reader a point of reference .
For instance , if a player is tall and black , he 's the 'new Vieira ' ( unless he 's a striker in which case you 've got another Drogba on your hands ) ; short and black and he 's the 'next Makélélé ' – it 's that easy ! Any player from anywhere in the world with even a modicum of ball control is 'dubbed ' the ' [ insert nationality ] Messi ' , who was themselves the last ‘ new Maradona ' until they were afforded their own identity .
Chelsea eventually replaced Makelele with THE NEW MAKELELE
All news is breaking news
Behind all the yellow ticker giddiness , the actual logistics of negotiating a deal are of course deadly dull ; a tediously predictable to-and-fro between administrative bods who still communicate using faxes . You 'd be better off reporting on a stationary audit . So a great trick to add a little excitement to your story is to make everything seem imminent and breaking and urgent .
Describe transfers as being ‘ on the verge ' of happening , or even better close to ‘ collapse ' , as if its a huge game of Jenga . You 've also got to seem as if you are at the very centre of the action , and ideally as though you can tap the internal monologue . Refer to managers ‘ mulling over ' a bid or ‘ giving serious consideration ' to an offer . The player will obviously become ‘ increasingly disillusioned ' by all the consideration and mulling .
You 're a tiger ! Grrrrrr ! ! ! ! !
They say never work with animals or children . Unless you 've been properly CRB-checked the latter is definitely true , but the former should be the inspiration for a good chunk of your lexicon .
Animalise the situation whenever possible , making every story sound as though David Attenborough is crouched behind the shrubbery whispering about it to camera .
The buying club should always be ready to ‘ pounce ' , ‘ capture ' , ‘ swoop ' or ‘ snare ' , as if ready to sink their teeth and talons into an innocent millionaire prey . Rival clubs are always ‘ hovering ' like vultures should talk break down , and reluctant sellers have their players ‘ locked ' into long-term deals like caged zoo creatures behind big golden £100k-a-week bars .
`` If you look carefully , you 'll see the wild Pogba just over there ''
The language of love
Depending on your personal role-playing activities , this may overlap with the animal thing , but we all know that sex sells so why not paint your story as a whirlwind romance ? Each stage of the proceedings can read like a chapter of a well-thumbed Mills and Boon page-turner . One club can ‘ make the first move ' which will naturally be ‘ rebuffed ' in a ‘ vow ' not to sell , but not before the player 's ‘ head is turned ' , leaving them ‘ tempted ' .
The player will of course remain ‘ coy ' at first , but if things do n't progress he 'll issue a ‘ come-and-get-me ' plea to their suitor , which is the footballing equivalent of wearing a low-cut top and bending over the desk a lot . The brazen hussy may resort ‘ slamming ' in a transfer request to ‘ force through ' the deal . After all , who wants the interested party to ‘ pull out ' just as things are reaching their ‘ climax ' ?
It always helps to name drop
Whether you 're writing for a site with a paywall or even if you 're just looking for hits and retweets , it always pays to drop a few choice clangers to get noticed .
There 's no harm in dangling a few erroneous names in there to sex up the story . So if you know club X are interested in player Y , just throw in the far bigger name of club Z as ‘ vying ' for their signature too .
Tottenham are perfect for this . They never actually buy anyone of note and are therefore always interested , like a bipolar lonely-heart with commitment issues . Then there 's Liverpool , whose supporters will believe any link no matter how unlikely because no player can resist the special aura of Anfield . In fact it serves to name check any club with enough money or prestige to liven things up – Arsenal , Manchester United , Chelsea , PSG , Real Madrid , Man City , Monaco – take your pick !
`` I 'm watching you , Woodward ''
There is a light that never goes out
The worse thing you can possibly do is let a transfer story die . No deal is ever beyond revival so never pen a premature obituary . If a player signs a new contract , it 's simply a move to drive up the selling price . If an interested club turn their attention elsewhere and sign an alternative option , they can still ‘ keep tabs ' on a previous target and ‘ revive ' their interest in a future window .
Anything can be brought back to life with Sherlock-like impossibility . A club can always ‘ revisit ' a target or ‘ resurrect ' a deal . If you get it right you 've got that holy grail of transfer rumours on your hands – a full-blown saga . It 's the gift that keeps giving and can sustain you for months if not years . In such cases you do n't want the deal to ever actually happen , just to be ‘ ongoing ' . Forever .
New features you 'd love on FourFourTwo.com
Best Practices for Developers : OverZealous Creations
If you 've ever been faced with an obstacle when coding you 'll know just how difficult it can be to solve it , sometimes you 'll spend hours trying to come up with that perfect solution , however with today 's awesome communities you 're always a few clicks away from a fix .
Phil DeJarnett , founder of OverZealous , is apart of communities like NPM that helps others by creating solutions for those really tough head scratchers . Today I 'm happy to announce we 're joined by Phil to discuss the communities they help , recommended frameworks , and best practices for developers .
Can you tell us a little bit about OverZealous and the idea behind it ?
“ OverZealous ” has been my handle ( online/gaming , etc ) since the mid-90s , probably 1996 or so . Back then it was just a nickname for video games . I was looking for something fairly unique that reflected my personality . I tend to be overly ambitious in setting my goals—hence , overzealous .
I purchased the domain in 1998 , and it became OverZealous Creations ( OZC ) —in other words , a place to show off my work . I was just getting into web development at the time , though assisting the on-site web developer for my university .
At the time I was building stuff in Macromedia Flash 3.0 . This is pre-ActionScript . All “ programming ” was done by shifting between scenes , jumping between frames , and calling out to JavaScript for more advanced stuff . I 've always been interested in creative-technical work , so I liked pushing the boundaries . The craziest thing I built before mostly leaving the Flash world was a hierarchical tree , with drag-and-drop nodes . It 's not fully functional on modern flash , but , surprisingly , you can still see on FlashKit !
Since then , I 've shifted around between development languages ( ColdFusion , Java , ASP , PHP , and Groovy at different times ) and companies , building a wide variety of web-based applications and interfaces . Right now I 'm raising my daughter , so I 'm not actively employed .
You 've been an active member of the community building modules on sites like NPM , which is a NodeJS package manager to integrate third-party node modules by other developers . Can you tell us why you decided to start “ giving back ” ?
I 've been contributing in one way or another for a long time . Pretty much all the critical tools I use daily are open source projects . I currently use applications like MacPorts , NPM , Mercurial , Git , IntelliJ , Atom , LibreOffice , etc , every day . I also rely on a heap of open source libraries to build applications and I believe that it 's important to use tools that are open when you can . I rely on a lot of closed-source tools , as well , simply because they are industry standards ( Adobe products ) or best-in-class for my needs ( such as Mac OS X ) .
Open source tools have several benefits , such as :
They are ( often ) cross-platform , making transition between systems easier .
They can usually be used on multiple devices without extra licensing .
It 's easier to dig in and find or fix bugs with them .
F/OSS libraries are much easier to integrate into private and commercial offerings .
I started giving back simply because I like sharing knowledge . I 've been an active member on StackOverflow for the same reason . I found out about gulp in March , or so , and while initially skeptical , I quickly decided I really liked the concepts behind it . I found a project to work on ( translating the ngBoilerplate 's Gruntfile to gulp ) , and that led me to writing a few modules , and writing an article . This was pretty much how I got into NPM . NPM is pretty cool because it has an extremely short learning curve . ( This is in contrast to Maven repositories , which I have never really bothered to deploy to . )
Frameworks are a good place for devs to start building their skills as they help develop better and faster applications in a structured environment , not to mention they save a lot of time with pre-built functions . For anyone new to frameworks which ones would you recommend ?
I hate to recommend any specific framework , because you really need to evaluate the tools against your project , and try to pick the best fit . I also was fortunate enough to learn alongside many of the frameworks as they grew , so ( on the front-end ) I worked my way through Prototype.js , Mootools , jQuery , and have recently settled in with Angular .
I personally really like Angular for front-end work , since it reflects the back-end tools I am most used to ( like a Spring/Grails setup ) . I tend to be a bit anti-jQuery ( which will probably draw a ton of ire , but whatever ) . jQuery just has a nature that leads to hard-to-maintain code , especially if you build something big . Angular has two key concepts that make it stand out :
Modularity : It 's extremely simple to build an application up out of logically-related components , as well as reusable components .
: It 's extremely simple to build an application up out of logically-related components , as well as reusable components . Testability : Because it relies on inversion of control ( IoC ) & dependency injection ( DI ) , Angular modules are very easy to test . Testing , when done correctly , leads to better code . Better code means easier maintainability .
Of course , there are other frameworks out there that may fit your project better ( Backbone or EmberJS are popular ) . I just feel comfortable with Angular , and if someone comes from a IoC/DI/TDD background , maybe they would , too .
Technology has become ubiquitous to the point anyone with a smartphone or tablet can view your site , but this does n't come without it 's challenges . Different screen sizes and resolutions give users a disjointed experience , however with responsive web design everyone gets the same journey from start to finish . How important would you say a responsive web is for the future ?
I think that we 've already reached a tipping point where a functional site on mobile is more important than an impressive desktop site . I find myself , as well as many other people I know , experiencing new content through my mobile phone first , almost every time . And I get tired of visiting a website only to have to mark it to view it the next time I am sitting on the computer .
It 's still very difficult to be effective—especially if you are n't starting from a CSS framework . The difficulty is n't in the technical side , necessarily , but the design and planning side , where you now have to plan for two ( or more ) completely different ways of accessing content or manipulating data , without burdening the user in either one . When done correctly , though , it 's amazing .
As the market on the web gets saturated with more and more companies it can be difficult to stand out from the crowd , so it 's important to give users the best experience possible . What aspects do you take into consideration when building a website to improve user experience ?
First , and most importantly , is providing a tailored experience based on the user 's device , what their goals are , and how you can best help them achieve that . A perfect website or application is one that gets out of the way and gets you to your goal quickest .
Second , probably load time . By this , I mean total load time , not just server-to-browser . I 'm pretty tired of developers who think that throwing multiple 70+Kb libraries on a website for just a few features is fine , since “ it is n't that big ” . The fact is , bytes matter , and the first visit may be your only chance to get a user to stick around . Do n't assume caching will help on repeat visits either , since caches get emptied .
Too much JS or CSS can seriously slow down a mobile device , so only use the libraries you are getting a benefit from .
Have a build process in place that can automate everything , including minification , GZipping , combining assets , whatever you can do .
Judiciously use CDNs ( in fact , bundling all your JS into a single file might actually hurt load time , so test and test again ) .
Do n't use generic assets ( like FontAwesome ) when you can build custom-tailored assets using only the pieces you need ( see gulp-iconfont )
Use long-term caching with tools like gulp-rev , so your users can reload the page faster the next time if their cache still has the file .
Third , aesthetics . Every site should look good , but flash is only necessary if you 've covered steps one-and-two . When you can , spicing up a site with good , subtle animations , transitions , and effects can improve the experience .
You 've built a few modules for Gulp , which is a front-end build to optimise developers front-end performance . What would you say are your best tools when it comes to speeding up your dev time ?
You must work with a versioning system . Personally , I prefer Mercurial for my projects , but Git is functionally equivalent and far more popular . If you want to be able to contribute back , you 'll need to learn the basics of Git , no matter what . Using any VCS will save you time , save your neck , and give you confidence when making changes . Even if you are the sole developer , Distributed VCSs ( DCVSs ) are still useful . I develop on multiple machines , depending on where I am , so I love being able to commit-push-pull-update and have everything ready on the other box .
A good build system , whether gulp , Grunt , or whatever you prefer , is critical . Being able to clone your repo ( see above ) , run one or a few commands , and have the entire codebase linted , tested , compiled , minified , etc , means you can iterate faster . Add continuous integration ( such as Travis-CI ) , and possibly even roll deployment into your build script , and you can make changes and get them out live much quicker , freeing up more time for building features or refactoring your existing code .
Use a CSS preprocessor , such as Less , SCSS , or Stylus . This not only helps you write simpler , more accessible CSS , but reduces redundancy , and allows you to easily set up variables for site-wide settings , like colors and sizes .
Not every one will agree , but I think it 's important to have a good IDE . It 's fine to use simple text editors , but IntelliJ ( or one of the lighter-weight JetBrains IDEs ) provides a ton of real-time feedback when editing code . Being able to quickly get suggestions for variables and less-used features is great for me .
That being said , make sure you can fully build and deploy your application without relying on your IDE , or any other GUI apps . The last thing you want is to have to manually replicate your build environment across multiple developers or computers . NPM and Bower happen to be good tools for this , since both allow you to maintain dependencies on a per-project basis , and install updates easily .
Livereload ( or browser-sync ) has quickly become an essential tool for web development . When integrated properly with your build process , you can simply make a change , hit Save , and see your changes in one or multiple browsers . With browser-sync , it will even maintain scrolling and form data . I have n't used it yet , but it sounds like it will replace LR for testing on multiple devices & browsers .
I 'm still a big fan of Firebug , but for web-based front-end , knowing multiple browser 's developer tools is critical . You need to know how to run code against your active application , dig into the live HTML , set breakpoints , modify CSS , etc . It 's surprising to me how many younger developers are unable to debug problems in their own code . It 's so much easier to see inside active web code than it is , for example , compiled code .
As the web moves forward we 're seeing more structured methods when it comes to building sites or applications to ensure quality products and services . What best practices do you follow that everyone should know ?
Like I said in the tools section above , I think it 's critical to have use DVCS , even for tiny projects .
Security should always be a foremost concern , especially if you accept any sort of user or other outside input . I always try to assume that everyone is trying to attack your server , whether they are logged in or not . Every action that can modify data—or access non-public data—needs to be secured somehow .
One thing I 'm migrating toward is a clear separation between front-end and back-end . It 's still somewhat common to have a unified server that renders finished pages . However , since we 're moving to a world where data is accessed from lots of different devices and front-ends , it makes sense to have your data served up via a clearly defined API , so you can build a front-end however is best . This does n't mean you have to have all-JS front-ends , necessarily . You can still have a server-side page compiler , but it should communicate via the same API that a JS or native application might use . This forces you to handle security and information better , as well as think about what parts are data vs what parts are simply GUI stuff . As a side note , it 's much easier to serve more of your content off a CDN if you separate your front and back ends .
Testing should be a part of everyone 's toolkits . Even in my tiny gulp plugins I 'm trying to write good tests . I 'm still pushing myself to do proper test-driven development ( TDD ) , where the tests come before the code . No matter how you do it , though , good tests that focus on testing functionality and capturing edge cases ( and bugs ) help reduce errors now and in the future .
Have you been working on any projects that you 're excited about or any upcoming ones ?
Sadly , there 's nothing much fun on my plate right now .
I 've always been a sort of artistic/crafty person . I 've always liked building and creating things , and it was a sort of natural transition to building things on the computer . We had a Commodore 64 when I was growing up , but I did n't really start trying to program until I decided to write a character-based version of Space Invaders on my TI-85 calculator . I ended up sharing this with a lot of other kids in high school .
I chose Computer Science over Graphic Design in college , simply because I did n't want to spoil art by making a career out of it . In college I worked tech support , which put me in the same department as the on-campus web developer . I started helping them ( Allaire ColdFusion on top of an Access Database , and tables galore ! ) , which is where I really started to combine my graphic design and technical skills .
From there it 's been a series of jobs that keeps me connected to web technology . The furthest I got was working with a friend trying to build a custom A/V company ( home theaters , home automation , that sort of thing ) . But even then I was building the websites , and programming devices to interact with each other .
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's anti-Muslim demagoguery is the latest attempt to undermine the pluralism and diversity that are among America 's greatest strengths .
To bolster their claims , demagogues frequently resort to pseudoscience , and Trump is no exception .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last week , they cited a questionable poll in support of their proposal to bar Muslims from the U.S .
Kellyanne Conway , who conducted the survey , rightly complained that Trump misused their poll and readily acknowledged one of its chief methodological shortcomings — it is an opt-in , online poll , not a random sample .
As a result , one can not say that it represents the views of American Muslims .
For many , that fact is sufficient to dismiss the poll . There is , however , a deeper critique that goes to the questions themselves — and their interpretation .
The poll sponsor , the Center for Security Policy ( CSP ) , issued a release claiming respondents ' attitudes toward the role of Sharia law “ pose a threat to America 's ... constitutional form of government . ”
What stands behind this particular piece of hysteria ?
According to the CSP , “ a majority ( 51 % ) agreed that ‘ Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to sharia , ' ” juxtaposing it with the Constitution .
One has to understand that Sharia is simply Islamic religious law . While the content is different , its scope and nature is similar to Jewish law ; both are legal systems of religions that see themselves as “ ways of life. ” Muslim law , like Jewish law , covers personal status , torts , contracts and criminal law , as well as ritual practice .
What does Sharia mean to American Muslims ? The CSP asked but ignored the answer .
Nearly half defined Sharia as “ a guide to the personal practice of Islam . ”
Just 11 percent offered the response the center apparently wanted : “ The Muslim God Allah 's law that Muslims must follow and impose worldwide by jihad . ”
So just one in 10 of those who responded to this survey see Sharia as something to be imposed on others .
Denied its preferred answer to this question , the CSP focused on another : “ Should Muslims in the U.S. have their own courts or tribunals in America to apply sharia law or should they be subject to American laws and courts ? ”
Again , some background : Like Catholics and Jews , Muslims have religious courts in the U.S. that deal mostly with matters of personal status ( divorce , conversion , etc . ) , as well as with civil claims and contract issues when — and only when — both parties agree to have their matter arbitrated by one of these religious courts .
If you had a religious marriage and want a religious divorce , should you be able to go to a religious court ? Certainly .
Do you still need a civil divorce to marry again in this country ? Absolutely . If there 's disagreement between spouses on the division of property or custody , do both have recourse to civil courts ? Yes .
If both parties decide the arbitrators in their dispute should be imams , or rabbis or members of the American Arbitration Association , can they ? Yes , as long as that court complies with the arbitration laws of the United States .
So the question and its interpretation reflect fundamental ignorance of the subject .
Moreover , go back to the wording itself : “ Should Muslims in the U.S. have their own courts ... to apply sharia law ? ” Well who the heck else is going to apply Sharia law ? A Jewish court ? A secular one ? The Catholic Church 's diocesan tribunals ?
The question could hardly be more confusing . And yet , only 15 percent of respondents to this survey said their community should only be governed by Sharia courts .
Perhaps more troubling is the fact that “ only ” 43 percent of respondents said , “ If sharia conflicts with the U.S. Constitution and the bill of rights , ” the latter should be “ supreme. ” Ignore for a minute the ambiguity of the word “ supreme ” in a religious context — the survey itself finds only 21 percent believe there is a possibility of such a conflict .
Moreover , those who are religiously observant are half as likely as the nonobservant to see a conflict . So the very people who care most about Sharia are least likely to believe there could be a conflict between it and the Constitution .
In short , the CSP has created an issue where none is apparent , except perhaps to a small minority .
Next year , we 'll examine how the CSP handled jihad and violence .
Mellman is president of The Mellman Group and has worked for Democratic candidates and causes since 1982 . Current clients include the minority leader of the Senate and the Democratic whip in the House .
And then there were none .
Toughie , the world 's last Rabbs ' fringe-limbed tree frog and a symbol of the extinction crisis , has died at their home in the Atlanta Botanical Garden .
The famed frog 's age is unknown , but he 's at least 12 years old , and likely older , because they were an adult when collected in 2005 .
Mark Mandica , who worked with Toughie for seven years , says the frog 's story is n't entirely unique . “ A lot of attention had been paid to them in captivity , so they even have their own Wikipedia page , ” Mandica , head of the Amphibian Foundation , notes . “ But there are plenty of other species out there that are disappearing , sometimes before we even knew that they were there . ”
In fact , Toughie 's own species ( Ecnomiohyla rabborum ) was n't described until 2008 , a few years after Toughie was found during a 2005 frog rescue mission by the Atlanta Botanical Garden and Zoo Atlanta . They were one of many frogs scientists raced to collect as the deadly chytrid fungus closed in on central Panama .
“ It was likened to just rescuing things from a burning house , ” Mandica says .
The species occurred in a very small range , at an elevation where the fungus proved especially deadly . Field studies suggest up to 85 percent of all the amphibians on Toughie 's home turf were wiped out . It 's unlikely that any of their kind survived in the wild , where they were incredible climbers and also graceful gliders—toe webbing allowed them to soar from one tree to the next . ( Learn about the increasing pace of extinctions . )
Watch : This tree frog 's death marks the end for a species .
Naming a Survivor
Mandica 's son , then a two-year-old , dubbed the last survivor Toughie . Naming animals is n't the norm among scientists , but the frog 's popularity as the last of their kind meant that people ( and the press ) kept demanding a name—and Toughie stuck .
Although they gave voice to the plight of endangered species , Toughie was silent for all the years they lived at the botanical garden , until one fateful morning in 2014 when Mandica captured the only existing example of the Rabbs ' fringe-limbed tree frog 's call .
“ I heard this weird call coming out of the frog [ area ] , and I knew it had to be him , because I knew what all the other species sounded like . I was able to sneak in and record them on my phone. ” ( Hear Toughie 's call . )
View Images Toughie was photographed in their captive home at the Atlanta Botanical Garden . Photograph by Joel Sartore , National Goegraphic Photo Ark
Atlanta Botanical Garden
Photographing the Last of a Kind
Photographer Joel Sartore recalls a curious , baseball-size creature with amazing eyes that actually hopped up onto their camera while being photographed for the Photo Ark project . Photo Ark aims to showcase our planet 's incredible biodiversity and inspire people to help fight the extinction crisis while there is still time . So far , Sartore has photographed more than 6,000 species . Unfortunately , many others also represent the end of the line for their kind .
“ About once a year I photograph something that 's the last of its kind or close to it , ” they say . “ I get sad and angry because I ca n't imagine that this wo n't wake the world up and get people to care about extinction . I keep thinking , OK , this is the one . This animal 's story is going to do it and get people to care more about extinction than about what 's on TV .
“ They ca n't care if they do n't know these animals , ” they add . “ They have to meet them and fall in love with them the way that I have and so many others have . ”
Watch : Scientists rush to save other tree frogs in Central America .
Toughie , indeed , had lots of admirers . Last year their image was even projected onto St. Peter 's Basilica , and their call played , so that the world could see and hear him .
The frog met race car drivers and movie directors , Sartore recalls . “ A lot of people were moved to tears when they saw him . When you have the very last of something it 's a special deal . ”
Now he 's gone , and with them an entire species . And as large numbers of animals and plants continue to vanish , their loss increasingly compromises the healthy ecosystems necessary for everyone 's survival—including our own . ( Can extinct species ever be brought back ? )
Home > Japanese Entertainment > New `` Death Note '' Live-action Film to be Released in 2016
Japanese Entertainment
The new live-action film `` Death Note 2016 '' ( tentative title ) will be released in 2016 . This film will be the first sequel in a decade of the live-action film `` Death Note `` released in 2006 . The director is Shinsuke Sato , who worked on `` GANTZ '' or `` Toshokan Senso '' series .
The popular manga `` DEATH NOTE '' achieved the total number of 30 million copies worldwide and its live action film `` Death Note '' in 2006 with two parts `` Death Note '' and `` Death Note 2 : The Last Name '' made more than 8 billion yen at the box office . The film also gathered global attention and together with the spin-off film `` L change the World '' , it was released in more than 60 countries and regions . In July , the live-action drama starring Masataka Kubota has started broadcasting in Japan , right after that , it was announced that the drama would also be aired and distributed in 127 countries and regions , which proved its worldwide popularity .
The new film , whose storyline is completely different from the drama , is set in the hyper-computerized society of 2016 , where cyber-terrorisms are frequent worldwide . It features new charismatic characters who inherit DNA from Light Yagami , previously played by Tatsuya Fujiwara and L , previously played by Kenichi Matsuyama . The film portrays successors of the two geniuses ' will and the new battle over the Death Note , whose real holder is unknown on a worldwide scale with overseas shootings .
The decision was made to include a 'Six Note Rule ' , which is also present in the original manga . This rule states that 'Only six Death Notes are allowed to exist simultaneously in the human world . Of course , the Death Note in Shinigami 's own possession does not count . Therefore , only six Shinigami that have passed on their Death Note to humans can stay in the human world . ' Based on this rule , which has not yet been used in movies , dramas , anime or stage plays , a grand battle will unfold over these six Death Notes that landed on the ground .
In addition to the announcement of the sequel , a special trailer was also released . Official website and Twitter account were also launched .
Get ready to binge—Netflix 's content chief said this morning that the company will launch even more of its own original shows and feature films next year .
The company 's slate of original programming will include 31 scripted series in 2016 , compared to the 16 just this year . In addition to the dozen documentaries and 10 stand-up specials released last year , the company will soon have 30 kids ' series and 10 feature films , Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos said at the UBS Media Conference in New York today .
`` This is high quality stuff , '' they said . `` This is programming people want to watch . ''
For Netflix , original content has proved a solid bet . Not only has the company found an audience for shows like Jessica Jones , Daredevil , and Master of None , Sarandos said , but original shows make it easier for Netflix to reach a truly global audience .
Netflix , after all , can already be watched in more than 80 countries , and it has said it plans to have a presence in 200 by the end of 2016 . But the company has found obtaining global distribution rights for networks and studios ' content to be a challenge .
`` I do n't know if it 's more difficult than I expected , but it has not been an easy road , '' Sarandos said . The problem , they said , does that studios sell rights regionally , but Netflix wants to license content for a global audience . `` It 's a big change . ''
With its willingness to spend big , Netflix can develop a show like Narcos , on its own , Sarandos said , owning the rights to distribute it globally and finding a massive international audience . `` It 's the first flavor of what global television can be , '' they said of the show , which is largely in Spanish , filmed in Colombia , featuring Brazilian stars , and produced by a French company . The US-centric holiday special A Very Murray Christmas , meanwhile , has found success in Japan , they said .
While original programming is a boon for the company , Sarandos said that Netflix has no interest in getting into two big areas of traditional TV : live news and live sports . `` If there was a model where we create our own sports league , that would be interesting , '' they said . `` But it 's not really what we 're chasing . ''
So , yeah . Netflix is killing it—and it has the rising stock price to prove it . As it continues its global expansion next year , the question is not only whether it can continue to grow its subscriber base , but whether it can continue its streak of producing sought-after shows .
BOSTON — It 's a rough day for the American justice system 's credibility . The inevitable cross-Atlantic outrage over the latest revelations in the Dominique Strauss-Kahn case has swept like a tsunami across France . Conspiracy theories are rife . It 's safe to say that anger , fury and indignation have further diminished France 's opinion of the U.S .
( Read More : DSK Season 2 : Forbidden fruit is back in the bowl )
First , let 's review the facts as the French see them : Only seven weeks ago , Strauss-Kahn languished in a Rikers Island cell on suicide watch , their laces removed from their shoes . The former IMF chief , a front-runner for France 's 2012 presidential elections , appeared hopelessly disgraced , charged with sexual assault . American officials claimed their accuser was flawless . New York law enforcement officials assured the public that they had questioned them diligently , and called them `` highly credible. ” Them lawyer , Kenneth P. Thompson , described them as a quiet , modest Muslim , a law-abiding immigrant from Guinea , and a single mother struggling to take care of a teenage daughter .
The abrupt and embarrassing U-turn came this Friday morning . The NY Times reported that the case is `` on the verge of collapse . '' Despite `` unambiguous [ forensic ] evidence of a sexual encounter '' between Strauss-Kahn and the woman , prosecutors no longer believe much of the accuser 's testimony , the Times said . `` Since their initial allegation on May 14 , the accuser has repeatedly lied , '' according to enforcement officials cited . The paper added that the woman had received cash deposits worth $ 100,000 in their bank account in the past two years , some of which came from a man incarcerated for possessing 400 pounds of marijuana . On May 14 , the day of the alleged assault , the accuser and the convict had a phone conversation in which they discussed `` possible benefits of pursuing the charges against Strauss-Kahn . ''
( Read More : A rundown of the DSK scandal and the economic impact )
In a court appearance on Friday , Strauss-Kahn 's harsh bail terms were eliminated . The judge released them on their own recognizance , ordering the return of the $ 6 million they had posted to the court for bail . But the judge also demanded that Strauss-Kahn remain in the U.S. , and declared that the case had not been closed .
Key to remember is that , while an unreliable witness may lead to an acquittal , it does not mean that a crime was n't committed — or that one was , for that matter . But given all that Strauss-Kahn has lost — their job , their reputation , their status as putative future savior of the French economy — anything short of a convincing conviction will be a major defeat for the New York attorney general 's office .
In France , the revelations re-kindled an already red-hot level of outrage . Since the start of the incident people have expressed shock that the testimony of a hotel maid could so quickly bring down such a powerful and accomplished man . They were indignant that the Americans treated Strauss-Kahn like a convict — forcing them to endure the “ perp-walk , '' and allowing journalists to photograph them in handcuffs — long before the trial began .
The Parisian media has offered blanket coverage of the affair , and especially these latest developments . For the most part , newspapers wasted no time in reclaiming the higher ground for France and its fallen politician .
By Friday evening Paris time , Le Monde 's website led with a banner headline declaring , “ DSK 's regains their freedom , the plaintiff accused of having told an ‘ erroneous story . ' ”
Hours after the revelations , the site had posted an article titled `` The two faces of [ accuser 's name withheld by GlobalPost ] '' reviewing several “ incoherent ” details about their story . Illustrating the article was a photo of angry hotel maids shouting `` shame on you '' at Strauss-Kahn , a reminder of how quickly many New Yorkers had jumped to conclusions . The writer , Marion Van Renterghem , reported that while the alleged victim 's attorney said that they had no idea who Strauss-Kahn was until well after the incident , the Sofitel that employed them regularly posted photos in the maid 's lounge , to inform the staff of prominent guests staying on the VIP floor . The writer noted that the maid had requested to work the floor that weekend in the absence of a co-worker . These details support the common theory in France that Strauss-Kahn was set up , perhaps by political rivals .
The swift retreat by prosecutors garnered hundreds of comments on the Le Monde 's site , questioning whether the government of conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy had played a role ; speculating that the woman was gold-digging ; ordering an investigation into a potential conspiracy ; and demanding that New York pay reparations to the French politician .
“ In the face of this collective hysteria , which makes me want to vomit , I no longer care to speak , ” wrote one person . “ This Guinean woman is guilty . Period . We 've known that from the beginning . OJ Simpson was acquitted even while everyone in the U.S. was convinced they had killed their [ former ] wife . ”
Another commenter wrote , “ if no charges are retained against DSK , I doubt for an instant that [ recently appointed IMF chief ] Christine Lagarde will step down from their post to let them return ! If that 's the case , the theory appears credible that DSK was ‘ knocked down ' because the international financiers were displeased by their European political leanings . ”
Some politicians interviewed by the French media offered a more measured response . Minister of Agriculture Bruno Le Maire told TV station Europe 1 that two lessons could be drawn from the matter . “ The first , is that people speak too much and too quickly . The second is that the same people who denounced Dominique Strauss-Kahn are going to denounce the American justice system and the prosecutor . Meanwhile , the only truth that matters is that which the American justice system decides . ”
Meanwhile in Manhattan , the New York Post appeared to be revising its approach to the matter . The right-leaning tabloid perhaps did more than anyone to infuriate the French , lambasting Strauss-Kahn with banner headlines calling them a “ horny toad. ” On Friday , the Post patted itself on the back , writing , `` Questions about [ the accuser 's ] credibility were first revealed by The Post days after Strauss-Kahn 's arrest , including the fact that they lived in subsidized housing for AIDS patients , although they swore to investigators they were not infected . ''
EMBED > More News Videos A racially charged social media post has resulted in discipline for local students .
At least five George Ranch High School students are facing disciplinary action after a picture of three of them on campus waving Confederate and Donald Trump flags was posted to social media along with a threatening caption.The picture was posted to Snapchat . It 's unclear when a caption was added to it , but that text reads `` All my brothers n [ sic ] sisters of African descent . Now is the day to prove urself [ sic ] . Let these twitter fingers turn to trigger fingers . `` `` About the trigger fingers , which was very alarming , are they talking about guns ? Bringing guns to school ? Or is it just trying to get attention or what is really going on ? '' said one mother who asked us not to use their name . They witnessed the teens this morning in the parking lot as they dropped their daughter off at the school . `` I feel like it was a terroristic threat against the African American students at our school , ' they said.The mother of the teen seen holding the Trump flag says the post is not what it seems . `` This has been twisted . The facts have been twisted and I wanted everybody to know that , '' they said . They asked us not to identify them as she , their family and the other teens in the picture have all received death threats since the incident.Her son is a junior at George Ranch . `` These were not our son 's words , nor were [ sic ] our son 's intent for anything to be said like this . Our family does n't stand for this . This is not who we are , '' they said.She tells Eyewitness News they have spoken with the person who posted the original picture to Snapchat and that student claims the picture was placed without any caption . It 's not clear who added the caption.Despite what you see , they say if you knew them and knew them , you 'd know they are not racist . `` My youngest son is ... partially Hispanic so our older sons do not judge . We are a biracial family so we are not one to judge anybody else , '' they said . They called this is a `` learning moment '' for the teens.Lamar Consolidated ISD says the students with the flags made a `` poor '' decision and that they 're facing appropriate consequences for disrupting school.Dr . Fred Black , principal at George Ranch High School wrote in an email to parents : `` Please know that the safety of your children , our staff and all visitors will always be our first priority . `` An LCISD spokesperson says the three students seen on the truck face discipline due to the parking lot demonstration . Two additional students face discipline due to the social media posts.LCISD adds that it has assigned extra police on campus as a result of this incident .
The demand for gold has renewed worldwide with the price for the precious metal climbing to nearly $ 1300 per ounce for the first time in 15 months . The rally has been led by the world 's central banks loading up on gold to diversify from the US dollar .
READ MORE : Moscow & Shanghai seek to dominate gold trade
Russia has been the most active buyer in the bullion market . The country has purchased 46 tons of the yellow metal this year , while China comes second with 35 tons .
Tomorrow we release our # GoldDemandTrends Q1 2016 report , the leading industry resource for gold demand data . pic.twitter.com/2v2g6MaSTD — World Gold Council ( @ GOLDCOUNCIL ) May 11 , 2016
The demand by the central banks increased 28 percent from January through March compared to the same period a year ago , Capital Economics ' commodities economist Simona Gambarini told Business Insider .
READ MORE : 'El Chapo ' Guzman 's cartel smelted gold to sneak drug profits out of US
The major driver for gold purchasing by central banks is seen by the economists as trend towards diversification away from the US dollar , with some economies seeking protection against currency volatility .
Gold holding above support at $ 1257 . Investment demand being off-set by weaker physical demand . pic.twitter.com/r1vsT4ty45 — # SaxoStrats ( @ SaxoStrats ) May 10 , 2016
Gold prices have also been driven by increased consumer demand in India and the US . India , one of the world 's largest gold consumers , returned to the market after a strike by the country 's jewelers association . Demand for bullion in the US has climbed the most in 30 years .
READ MORE : Osama bin Laden bet on gold
Optimistic figures seen in the first quarter along with a steady increase in demand support the positive forecasts on prices , according to Capital Economics .
The Supreme Court on Monday slammed the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) , saying its mandate is to promote cricket in the country but it has not done anything to develop it .
Earlier in the day , the BCCI presented a report in the SC on its plans to implement the recommendations made by the panel headed by retired chief justice RM Lodha in order to prevent sporting frauds and conflict of interests , and streamline their functioning .
The Lodha Panel was set up in January 2015 by the apex court to determine appropriate punishments in those accused in the IPL betting and spot-fixing scandal . The three-member committee , comprised of Lodha , and retired Supreme Court judges Ashok Bhan and R Raveendran .
BCCI also presented detailed audited accounts statements of the board 's disbursement to the states in the last five years which showed that the allocation to 11 states ( out of 29 ) was zero .
Read | SSCB petitions SC over Lodha panel report removing voting rights
The SC questioned the BCCI 's allocation of funds to the states and said that the funds were distributed like a ‘ mutually beneficial society ' without any rationale .
“ The BCCI must have distributive justice . Why are the 11 states penniless ? Why should these states go begging ? ” the top court asked .
Chief Justice TS Thakur asked if Gujarat gets Rs 66 crore then why should the northeastern states get only Rs 50 lakh .
“ The impression one gets is that once the BCCI gives money to state boards without any rationale for spending , they in a way corrupt them , ” they said .
Read | Shift IPL matches out of Maha due to drought : BJP
First Published : Apr 05 , 2016 16:18 IST
Often viewed as the first major battle fought between the burgeoning Achaemenid Empire and Ancient Egypt ( still ruled by native Pharoahs ) , the Battle of Pelusium was surely a decisive conflict before the advent of the Classical Age . Fought in 525 BC near Pelusium – which was an important Egyptian settlement on the eastern reaches of the Nile Delta , the battle pitted the Persian leader Cambyses II against Pharaoh Psametik III ( also known as Psammenitus ) . Now interestingly , in spite of the crucial nature of the conflict , much of the information about the battle is only available to us through the writings of ancient authors and historians , namely Herodotus and Polyaenus . And according such antediluvian sources , the unique ( and evolved ) tactics used in the battle lend credence to the psychological element of warfare that was even used during the ancient times .
Motives and Women –
Now according to Herodotus , the bitterness between the two empires was sparked when Psammenitus ' father , Amasis , decided to ‘ dupe ' Cambyses by sending them a wrong woman . Cambyses had supposedly asked for Amasis ' daughter 's hand in marriage . But Amasis fearing that their own daughter would live out their life as a concubine , decided to send another woman – by the name of Nitetis , the daughter of the previous ruler , Apries . On discovering the ruse , Cambyses was so furious that they were bent on invading Egypt itself . However by the time the Persian expeditionary forces reached the Egyptian borders , Amasis was already dead , and their son Psammenitus had to take part in the impending confrontation .
Preparation and Confidence –
As a result , the Pharaoh who had only ruled for six short months , decided to march up to the extreme eastern reaches of their kingdom . The Egyptians subsequently fortified their positions by the mouth of the Nile near the city of Pelusium . Historically , Persians were not the only foreign power that had tried to invade Egypt through the Pelusium route . The mighty Assyrians had tried their luck in 8th century BC , when Sennacherib attempted to conquer Egypt – but was supposedly defeated when a swarm of field-mice destroyed Assyrian bows , quivers and shields ( according to Herodotus ) . Given this ( surely exaggerated ) passage of past history , Psammenitus might have felt a bit confident , especially with their already fortified advantage .
But all was not well on the alliance front , with Greeks from the Cypriot towns , along with the large fleet of tyrant Polycrates of Samos ( a Greek island in the eastern Aegean Sea ) , deciding to join the Persians in their invasion . The strategic predicament might have been even more exacerbated , since Phanes of Halicarnassus – who was one of the better tactical advisers of Egypt , had already taken the side of the invading Persians .
Cats and Egyptians –
But according to few ancient writers , beyond grand strategies and sea-borne armies , the deciding factor in the Battle of Pelusium oddly pertained to cats . To that end , the native Egyptian mythology and religion popularized the worship of Bastet ( or Bast ) . A goddess of the home , love , fertility , joy , dance , women and secrets , Bastet with their cat-like head and woman 's body was considered as a benevolent deity . But in Upper Egypt , they were also worshiped in the form of their ‘ alter-ego ' Sekhmet – the warrior lioness who was seen as the protector of the pharaohs and symbolically led them in warfare .
Given such propensity for feline symbolization , cats were uniquely sacred in Egypt – so much so that the punishment for killing a cat was death by stabbing . Once again , according to Herodotus , Egyptians was so fond of their cats that they preferred to save their cats instead of themselves , when trapped inside a burning building . Some cats were also known to be mummified in a ceremonious manner with jewelry – as was the case with many noble people .
Cambyses and Their Cunning –
Unfortunately for the Egyptians , Cambyses came to know about the Egyptian ( obsessive ) veneration for cats . According to Polyaenus , the Persian king took advantage of this seemingly unhealthy feline fascination of their enemy 's culture by positioning many such animals in the front-lines of their own army . The adorable critters ranging from cats , dogs to even sheep , dissuaded the animal-loving Egyptians from firing their arrows – thus allowing the Persians to take the initiative and win the battle . However , Herodotus takes a contrasting approach by mentioning very few details of the battle itself , except for its unusually high casualties and an ultimate Persian victory .
On the other hand , modern sources talk about how instead of using living animals , the Persians might have taken the symbolic route to defeat the Egyptians . To that end , the Persians could have just painted their shields with images and depictions of Bastet , thus psychologically afflicting the Egyptians .
Reality and Fiction –
Now when examined from the practical perspective , the use of real animals by the Persian forces to unnerve the Egyptians does seem a bit far-fetched . Furthermore , there was a big probability that the Egyptians forces ( like their Persian counterparts ) employed a lot of foreign mercenaries , including Arabs and Greeks – who were surely not that ‘ fond ' of Bastet . Anyhow , as we mentioned before , the Persians might have utilized some form of psychological demonstration that gave them a tactical advantage over their enemies . In fact , the use of such psychologically-inspired battlefield ploys was not unheard of during ancient times – as is evident from the grand Macedonian phalanx demonstration ( planned by Alexander the Great ) that both impressed and intimidated the rebelling Illyrians .
And , since we are talking about practicality , there is an interesting anecdote given by Herodotus concerning the Battle of Pelusium ( as written in HistoryofWar.org ) –
Herodotus visited the battlefield about seventy-five years later , and reported that the bones of the dead were still lying in the desert . They claimed to have examined the skulls and found that the Persians had thin , brittle bones and the Egyptians thick solid bones . They suggested that this was because the Egyptians normally shaved their heads , and the sunlight thickened their bones . This might suggest that the battle took place on the edge of the desert , rather than on cultivated land , although it does seem a long time for the bodies to have remained visible and unburied .
Sources : Ancient.eu / Attalus / HistoryofWar / Ripleys
71 Shares
I was so proud of my wife when they decided to change jobs . Them old job was very good to us . It had a lot of benefits that we gave up when we moved to our current town . The insurance was better , the pay was higher , the retirement plan was much much better .
It was a great job , and Crystal and I are so thankful that they had it when we were first starting out . But I also know they felt stifled in it . They told me how much they wanted to do something more , something different .
They wanted a job that paid more , so we could make some actual progress on our finances . They wanted to feel like their work was meaningful . They wanted a career instead of just a job . They wanted to go back to school for a graduate degree and launch an attempt at something great .
Then they told me they were so , so scared of trying to reach for that .
I do n't think I was really prepared for that . I should have been , I suppose . Between the two of us , I 'm the risk-taker . I do n't mind launching myself into an entirely new and alien experience and adapting to it on the fly . I do n't mind failing miserably if what I 'm doing has even a slim chance of success , because I know I can do exceptional things with limited resources , if I really work hard at it . For me , failure has always seemed like a temporary thing that only lasts until you succeed again . That 's not to say I rush blindly into things , but I do tend to make decisions quickly and I 'm willing to take some risk in order to get a bigger reward in the end .
Crystal is far more cautious . They like sure bets . If there 's a chance they might not succeed , she 's very reluctant to launch into a new endeavor .
I think our childhoods have a lot to do with our different opinions of risk . I grew up in a family where the financial situation was always improving . My father has worked a steadily advancing career within the same company my entire life , and their seniority and work ethic within their company has led to greater and greater rewards over their career . At the same time , my parents were constantly evolving and finding new ways to better manage their money . Growing up , my parents encouraged me to experiment and try new things , even things that other people scoffed at as unrealistic or too audacious — if I failed , I could pick up the pieces and try something else without much detriment to myself .
Crystal 's family had a much less stable financial environment . Them parents worked ( and still do ) very hard , but available work for their skill sets was sometimes unstable . They never went hungry , but there was much less surety in their cash flow . My father-in-law worked jobs as they could find them , which produced a working life full of experience and a highly varied set of skills , but not much in the way of a particularly stable career , although they still came out of it with a nice pension . From that , I think Crystal learned that failure could have serious consequences . When you had little , you could n't afford big risks , even if it meant making slower strides . Trying something new or something radical was n't practical and could be a very bad decision .
Neither of these opinions is wrong .
My tendency to take risks could be a dangerous one , especially if I overestimate my ability to recover from failure . On the other hand , it 's equipped me with a resourceful and adaptive nature that has served me very well . Crystal 's tendency to avoid risk has it 's downsides — it makes them wary of trying to reach for something better for herself , and sometimes get corrupted as guilt : they start feeling like reaching for something better means they are n't being grateful for what they have . On the other hand , that aversion to risk means they tend to make solid decisions that are n't likely to fail .
Together , these different opinions work in tandem as a strength for both of us . I push Crystal to reach for better ; they remind me not to reach too far and overestimate my capabilities .
Why Is The Thought Of Doing Better So Scary ?
I 've been pondering this question for a while .
When you are dissatisfied with your current situation , that dissatisfaction and frustration comes with a lot of complex emotions . It comes with depression and sometimes hopelessness , a feeling that you 'll never do better , even if you tried . It comes with anger . You can be angry at yourself for not feeling confident that you can do better , or you can be angry at outside forces that keep getting in your way . You can be angry and frustrated at other people for not supporting you and helping you to do better . It can come with dread , an emotion that makes you do things like start hating weekends because as soon as they end , you have to go back to the grind .
Those emotions are exhausting to process .
Most people do n't want to feel them , do n't want to be wrapped up in that kind of negativity , but it 's exhausting trying to fight them off . You 're expending extra energy every single day just trying to keep your mood positive when you 're slogging through a job you hate . If you 're in debt up to your eyeballs and are being hounded by bill collectors , you 're stressed out of your head trying to make ends meet , and facing that day after day is absolutely exhausting .
Now the idea of doing better comes up — you want to pursue a higher paying job or even an entirely new career .
But getting there means expending even more energy — it means expenses you are n't sure if you can afford , it means finding time when you do n't have much , it means study and practice , it means networking and application , it often means rejection . Finding the energy for those things when you 're already so worn out is n't easy .
That exhaustion is the little crack in your resolve where fear starts to grow . What if this does n't pay off ? What if I 'm not good enough to do better ? What if I don'tdeserve a higher paying job ?
Fear feeds on itself . It 's like a bundle of mucky vines in that little crack — as it grows , the crack widens . The fear deepens . It sends off runners and starts digging into other weak spots in your emotional sidewalk , like your self-esteemand confidence . What if I do n't look professional enough for this kind of career ? What if I look like a fraud ?
Unless you find a way to contain that fear and keep it from growing , it can grow so tangled and so thorny that it chokes the life out of the idea of reaching for better . So how do you stop fear from paralyzing you ?
Logic Is Weed-B-Gone For Fear
When Crystal told me they were scared to pursue something better for herself , I started asking them to tell me what exactly they were afraid of .
Fear feels so big . It feels so massive , but when we 're afraid of something , it 's very rarely ever just one big fear — instead , it 's a collection of tiny fears and tangential fears and peripheral fears that are all tangled together in one emotion . Each of those individual fears was preceded by an unspoken clause , “ I ca n't do this because… ”
So I wanted Crystal to get specific .
I wanted them to really identify the component parts of their fear and address them one at a time . When they focused on one and announced it , I 'd respond with a logical solution or answer .
Fear is n't logical . Fear takes small problems and amplifies them to make them seem bigger than they are . When you scrutinize them with a little dusting of logic , you realize that they may be legitimate problems , but are n't quite as big as they seem . Here are some examples :
I ca n't do this because…
…I might not find anything out there better than what I 'm doing now .
You wo n't know unless you look . If you 're right and you do n't find anything better , it has n't cost you anything and you keep the job you have .
…I do n't have the right kind of professional clothes for this interview and we do n't have the money to get them .
We can sell some things to provide the cash to buy what you need , and we can look carefully for affordable alternatives .
…people who work in this field are more attractive or look the part or have great hair and I do n't have that .
No , they do n't . Like any field , they 're as varied as they come . Some are short , some are tall , some are skinny , some are plump , some are old , some are young . You have a place in that diversity . If “ looking the part ” would make you feel more confident , though , we can find ways to facilitate that .
…getting my MBA will cost a lot of money and we 'll have to take on more student loan debt .
An MBA will almost certainly provide you with a much higher income earning potential . Also , student loans are one of the easiest forms of debt to deal with , and we can take advantage of income-based repayment options if you get your MBA and ca n't immediately find a higher paying job .
…people will think I 'm acting like I 'm better than them or that I 'm ungrateful for what I have .
No , they wo n't . The people who care about you want you to do the best you can and to achieve everything you have the potential for , even if it 's better than they 've achieved themselves . You wo n't come across ungrateful because you 're not ungrateful , and you make sure to let people know how much you appreciate the opportunities they 've given you .
…I just do n't have the time to look for jobs or study for school .
We can find better ways to manage our time , like a written schedule or calendar . I can take on extra chores so you have more time to look for work or study . You can also study or job hunt on your lunch break or on weekends .
In each case , Crystal and I were able to clear away a little of the tangled mess of their fear . That 's not to say they came out of it totally unafraid . They were still afraid , but they were able to manage their fear . They were able to recognize whatshe was afraid of and why they were afraid of it , and then find logical solutions to make it less scary .
How To Overcome Your Own Fear Of Doing Better
If you 're facing this fear in your own life , here 's how to face it .
Calm down . Close your eyes , take some deep breaths , get to a place where you can think .
Identify what you 're actually afraid of . Break it down into the smallest pieces you can .
Ask yourself why you 're afraid of it . Is it a legitimate hurdle ?
If it is a legitimate hurdle , what 's the logical way to overcome it ?
What needs to happen , what do you need to acquire , what do you need to do to make this fear less frightening ?
Hop to it !
Take it slow . It 's difficult to muster the courage to make a big life change overnight . Instead of letting your fear wear you down , wear down your fear.Keep pestering your fear with logic until it start to shrink and becomes something you can manage . It 's okay to be afraid . Just do n't let your fear keep you from the success you 're capable of achieving and deserve to have .
Are you or have you been afraid to reach for your own success ? What have you found helps you be less afraid ? Are you still struggling with your fear ? Tell us in the comments !
If you 've ever wondered why your hefeweizen smells like bananas , here 's why : isoamyl acetate . Say that three times fast and then breathe easy because all you really need to know is that isoamyl acetate , along with ethyl caproate ( apple ) , ethyl acetate ( solvent ) , and others are common esters you will certainly encounter in your homebrewing adventures . Without delving too deep into biochemistry , there are a few practical things you should know about esters , namely what they are and how you create and control them.Esters are fermentation byproducts formed when organic acids and alcohols react , creating fruity aromas and flavors .
Esters take time to develop since the yeast first has to convert sugars into alcohols in order for the latter to combine with organic acids derived from malt and hops . While esters are a natural component of beers , their detectable appropriateness differs from style to style , meaning esters are essential in a hefeweizen , but rather undesirable in altbier . Once you determine the desirable ester character for your next homebrew , you can control ester production through your wort composition , your choice of yeast , and fermentation conditions .
Beer starts as wort and so does ester production . The higher your original gravity , the higher the zinc levels , and the more fermentable your wort , the more you will promote the production of esters . High original gravity and high fermentability are great attributes for many a Belgian ale in which esters are desirable , but not in a Strong Scotch Ale , which calls for low to moderate esters at best . Varying your wort composition depending on desired ester levels is certainly an option : a high gravity beer must not necessarily be highly fermentable ; balance gravity and fermentability ; dilute your brew water with RO water if your zinc levels are alarmingly high . Furthermore , promoting production does not mean you will actually end up with a very ester-y beer because your choice of yeast and your fermentation conditions are arguably much more important factors .
Some yeast strains will simply produce more esters than others . Your regular American ale strain ( WLP001 ) is cleaner than many British ( WLP002 ) and Belgian ( WLP500 ) ale strains , but even among strains , regardless of national association , ester production will vary . Knowing what you want out of your beer will help you pick the right yeast and I 've found descriptions of strains to be helpful and accurate . Although not directly related to your choice of yeast , pitching rate has a major influence on ester production . The lower your pitching rate , the more you encourage ester production , which could come in handy if you forget to make a starter for a hefeweizen . Just remember that deliberately under-pitching to stimulate ester levels may not be the best way to go in terms of attenuation and overall fermentation character of your beer . Study your strains carefully and select and pitch according to the beer you intend to brew .
Fermentation conditions are your last and crucial control point for ester production . It all starts with your fermentor selection : carboy or bottling bucket . The higher the head pressure , the more ester production will be inhibited , and head pressure is higher in taller , narrower vessels ( read carboy ) than in shorter , wider vessels ( read bottling bucket ) . Aside from yeast selection , another reason why hefeweizens from Germany and Sierra Nevada 's Kellerweis exhibit bewitching notes of banana is because they utilize specially-constructed , wide , shallow basins for fermentation . The higher your fermentation temperature , the more you stimulate ester production . Even a few degrees can make a big difference . I fermented the last hefeweizen I brewed about 2 to 4 degrees lower ( my temp control is not perfect ) than previous versions and the difference in banana character was so evident that from now on I 'd rather err on the warm side for hefes . Agitation of your fermentation vessel also increases ester production , which is something to consider if you 're thinking about swirling or stirring your beer in order to fix a stuck fermentation by re-suspending the yeast . Any other undue stress during fermentation will likely also increase ester production .
I love all kinds of ester-y beers , but not every beer must smell like fruit salad , so knowing how to control ester production is an essential part of brewing beer . Wort composition , yeast selection , and , above all , fermentation conditions impact ester production . Among these myriad ways , there is plenty of opportunity to find a happy solution that will complement the overall character of the beer you 're brewing—enjoy finding yours !
Image copyright AP Image caption Activists have accused the UAE 's rulers of trying to limit freedom of speech
An 18-year-old blogger has been arrested in the United Arab Emirates , human rights activists say .
Mohammed Salem al-Zumer was reportedly detained by state security officers in the emirate of Sharjah on Wednesday and taken to an unknown destination .
They were said to have posted comments online supporting detained activists .
Last month , the UAE tightened its law on internet use , making it an offence to deride or damage the state or its institutions and organise protests .
Human rights groups have said the legislation places severe restrictions on the rights to free expression and free association and assembly .
'Online activities '
The UK-based Emirates Centre for Human Rights ( ECHR ) said Mr Zumer was driving a car in Sharjah when it was stopped by security personnel .
They were escorted to their home , which plainclothes officers searched for more than an hour , seizing a laptop and other equipment , it added .
Their family told the ECHR that they were taken to an unknown destination .
Officials have not confirmed that Mr Zumer has been detained , although one reportedly told their family that they would be released by Saturday .
Mr Zumer is the son of a poet and the nephew of Khaled al-Sheiba al-Nuami , who was detained earlier this year along with more than 60 other civil society activists . Some of whom have ties to Islah - a local group that advocates greater adherence to Islamic precepts .
Government and police officials have said the crackdown is a response to a foreign-inspired Islamist plot that aims to overthrow the government .
A human rights activist in the UAE , who did not want to be named , said Mr Zumer had expressed their support for the detained activists .
`` He was arrested because of their association with the detainees and their activities online , '' the activist told the BBC .
Today the term “ technology ” is primarily defined by electronic devices . But there 's another aspect of technology which plays a significant role in modern design : the material manipulation and viable forms now at the disposal of designers using technology . Technological tools like 3D modeling , 3D printing , and computer monitored manufacturing processes means designers can now explore forms and functions to redefine nearly any object…even something as basic as a knife .
The TB Groupe , one of France 's established knife makers , carries a history of five generations dedicated to the manufacturing knives . Their latest design , the FURTIF Evercut collection is the culmination of the company 's exploration of new materials and forms , a sharp edged stealth bomber of faceted geometry constructed using titanium carbide laser bonding to strengthen a blade of stainless steel to indefinite sharpness .
The blade 's durability is strengthened even further using machines to apply thousands of pounds per square inch ( imagine carbon being pressed into a diamond ) , the knife exiting the process with a finish 300x stronger than a standard steel blade . All that pressure and care results in kitchen knives that can go 25 years between professional sharpening . That 's a lifetime of tomatoes and onions diced .
The knives unique character is further enhanced with its own individual code number lasered onto the surface , allowing owners to register their device…ahem…knife just like a new iPhone . The FURTIF Evercut collection , comprised of a Pairing Knife , Kitchen Knife , Santoku Knife and Chef 's Knife , are available domestically here ( the office knife style is available here ) .
Buy Photo El Paso Police Chief Greg Allen ( Photo : El Paso Times file ) Buy Photo
U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke , County Judge Veronica Escobar and other El Paso area leaders are urging the mayor and the City Council to repudiate Police Chief Greg Allen 's comments calling Black Lives Matter `` a radical hate group '' and saying the attack on Dallas police `` is due to their efforts . ''
In a letter sent to Mayor Oscar Leeser and the City Council , they note El Paso 's history of protecting civil rights and say : `` The Black Lives Matter movement is about the same values of dignity , equality , and peaceful protest ; it was not responsible for the tragedy in Dallas . Chief Allen 's statement places El Paso 's seal of approval on a sentiment that stands in stark contrast to those values and one that promotes hate itself . That is why we urge you to publicly repudiate the statement , forcefully and unequivocally , and hold Chief Allen accountable for damaging the public trust and bringing disrepute to our community . ''
“ I was stunned by Chief Allen 's comments but respect their right to their opinion. ” City Rep. Lily Limon
In addition to O'Rourke and Escobar , the letter to the mayor and council members is signed by state Sen. José Rodríguez , D-El Paso ; County Attorney Jo Anne Bernal ; state Rep. Joe Moody , D-El Paso ; state Rep. Mary González , D-El Paso ; state Rep. César Blanco , D-El Paso ; state Rep.-elect Evelina `` Lina '' Ortega ; County Commissioner David Stout ; El Paso Independent School District Trustee Susie Byrd ; Greg Davis of the El Paso Branch of the NAACP ; Fernando Garcia of the Border Network for Human Rights ; and Terri Burke of the ACLU of Texas .
A Police Department spokesperson said Saturday there was `` no chance '' of reaching Allen for a comment . Most other city officials could n't be immediately reached for comment on the letter by the elected officials and others .
City Rep. Carl Robinson , said , “ All lives matter , ” and declined to comment further .
Before receiving the letter , city Rep. Lily Limón said : “ I was stunned by Chief Allen 's comments but respect their right to their opinion . ”
On Friday , Allen was asked after a news conference what message they had for organizers of a Sunday vigil planned at San Jacinto Plaza to protest the recent shooting deaths of black men by police in Louisiana and Minnesota . Allen replied : “ Black Lives Matter , as far as I am concerned , is a radical hate group . And for that purpose alone , I think the leadership of this country needs to look a little bit harder at that particular group . The consequences of what we saw in Dallas is due to their efforts . ”
Allen , who is the first African-American police chief in El Paso 's history , made the comments after a news conference at the El Paso County Courthouse called by area leaders to offer their support and condolences to Dallas police after an ambush Thursday left five officers dead and seven wounded . Two civilians also were injured in the attack by a former Army reservist who had served in Afghanistan but reportedly left the service amid allegations of sexual harassment lodged by a fellow soldier .
The letter sent to the mayor and council members also says , “ This statement , in the chief 's official capacity and in uniform , sends exactly the wrong message at a time when good people are working to address a crisis of violence and distrust that disproportionally affects minority communities . It is ironically out of step with the ongoing reforms the Dallas Police Department itself has been a national leader in — efforts its chief of police has publicly said they remain committed to in spite of the cowardly violence perpetrated in Dallas . Furthermore , what Chief Allen 's statement conveys about their attitude towards members of a community that they are sworn to protect raises serious questions about their leadership . It is also a betrayal of the values generations of El Pasoans have stood for . ”
The letter was not the only public criticism of Allen on Saturday .
At a time when we need leaders to bring people together @ EPPOLICE Chief chose to divide . # txlegehttps : //t.co/pYukJtlkrn — Cesar Blanco ( @ CesarJBlanco ) July 9 , 2016
Blanco tweeted , `` At a time when we need leaders to bring people together @ EPPOLICE Chief chose to divide . ''
EP police chief has lost our confidence by blaming Dallas PD murders on Black Lives Matter . — Rep. Beto O'Rourke ( @ RepBetoORourke ) July 9 , 2016
O'Rourke tweeted , `` EP police chief has lost our confidence by blaming Dallas PD murders on Black Lives Matter . ''
In a phone interview from Washington , D.C. , O'Rourke said : `` One thing that causes me concern is that the chief of police in our community has identified a group of El Pasoans — who want to peacefully protest at San Jacinto Plaza on Sunday — in part responsible for the death of the officers in Dallas . I think that sets up a very troubling and unnecessary dynamic between the police and some of the people in this community . ”
The University of Texas at El Paso 's Black Student Union and the PFLAG ( Parents , Families , and Friends of Lesbians and Gays ) El Paso Chapter are hosting a vigil for the victims of police-involved shootings in Minnesota , Louisiana and other incidents starting at 8 p.m. Sunday at San Jacinto Plaza in Downtown El Paso .
Shyla Cooks , president of the UTEP Black Student Union and one of the organizers of Sunday 's vigil , said in a statement , “ Black Lives Matter is not a radical or hate movement . They are asking for respect to the human rights and lives of African American men , women and children . ”
They added , “ However I think it is important to emphasize that Sunday 's event is a vigil and not a protest . ”
Byrd , a former City Council member , said , `` The Police Department has traditionally reached out to the community , participated with the community and made it clear that if police officers act outside of policies , outside of the law and outside of the values of this community , that they would be held accountable . I think Greg Allen 's comments do a lot to undermine that connection with the community . That connection has been critical to keeping this community safe . I think it was incredibly irresponsible of him . I have no confidence in them any longer as the chief of police . ”
Limón said , “ I stand with both our outstanding El Paso police officers and leaders in the black community eager to see the violence end . I see nothing to gain from attacking Black Lives Matter . Instead , I 'm reaching out to our community to see how we can continue the dialogue that has helped make El Paso one of the safest cities in the United States . ”
Kristopher Rivera may be reached at 546-6121 ; krivera @ elpasotimes.com ; @ kgrivera on Twitter .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.elpasotimes.com/story/news/local/el-paso/2016/07/09/mayor-council-urged-repudiate-police-chief/86902514/
For the first time ever , a demo of a main series Pokémon game is being released to the general public outside of an event , allowing for you to download it at home and play it whenever you please
Demo Details
The Pokémon Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire Special Demo Version is set briefly in Mossdeep City . This demo has you select a starter Pokémon between Grovyle , Combusken & Marshtomp . From there , you travel throughout Mossdeep City , finding trainers and even encountering both Team Aqua and Team Magma admins in a nearby cave This allows you to encounter various Pokémon including Loudred , Nosepass , Linoone & Slakoth , all of which originated in Pokémon Ruby & Sapphire . The demo will culminate in the obtaining of a Mega Evolution , one which has never been seen outside of this demo before now . They also wish for you to play the demo every day , saying something special will happen if so .
Demo Details
When you start the demo , you begin by going to an island with Steven , getting the starter Pokémon at Level 35 , meaning they 're close to evolution . They also receive their Mega Stone and Frenzy Plant , Blast Burn or Hydro Cannon later . You then have to hunt down a Pokémon said to Mega Evolve to protect it from Team Aqua & Magma . This Pokémon is a new Mega Evolution which was not known before the release of this demo , and it changes depending on your region . Below is a list Picture Name Location Mega Glalie Europe
North America
South Korea
Australia Mega Steelix Japan Once you have captured the Pokémon , the first part of the demo ends , but you can go on more adventures with Steven to a variety of different island layouts and you receive the other two starter evolutions . These islands then have various tasks such as find a Pokémon , find a lost child or battle all the trainers . These change with each playthrough . After you finish the task , the demo will end again and something will change . On the 5th and 10th adventures , you will face up against an Elder with a more powerful team . You will either receive an item gift , or a new person can be found in Mossdeep City such as Gym Leaders like Flannery and Wattson , or other random NPCs including a swimmer who swam all the way from the Kalos region . This works up to the 10th time , where you can continue to go on new adventures , but you 'll no longer receive any bonuses for completion . Experience on the Pokémon resets after each adventure
Pokémon Link
This demo is rather unique in that it will allow you to transfer aspects of the demo to the main Pokémon Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire games once purchased . This is done through the Pokémon Link feature of the games . The demo will allow you to send over any items that you have collected throughout the playing of the demo , as well as the special Mega Evolved Pokémon that is encountered within this demo ! Picture Item Adventures Required Mega Steelix 1 Adventure Mega Glalie 1 Adventure PokéBall Set 3 Adventures Heal Ball Set 5 Adventures Heart Scale Set 10 Adventures Nugget Complete Strange Secret Mission
Characters
As you play through the demo , more and more characters will be added into Mossdeep City . These characters rotate each time you play the demo and can appear both in Mossdeep City and on the various islands . These characters range from random NPCs but can even be special characters On the odd occassion , you will find a variety of Hoenn Region Gym Leaders throughout the city . Talk to them and they will talk about wanting to battle you at a later point . In addition to this , you may also find characters like Aarune and Lisia on the islands , giving you notes about their respective features in-game .
Secret Mission
As you play through the demo multiple times , there is a small chance that you will be able to activate the secret mission . This mission has you go to an island where there are no wild Pokémon . On this island , you will encounter Team Aqua or Team Magma and have to team up with May . The team you face is random . As you battle through the grunts in the demo , teamed with May & their Raichu and Swellow , you will learn that they are there to hunt for the Mega Evolved Pokémon still . Upon completion , you will anger Matt or Tabitha depending on the team and they 'll report back to their leaders . This special mission does n't provide any new items , just new battling opportunities . After you have completed it , it can be selected again at any time from Steven 's options , by selecting the phrase `` Let 's Go Somewhere Secret '' .
Secret Mission # 2
Another rare secret mission , with a low appearance rate after 15 days of play , has you go to another new island in search of a strange suspicious man . When you get to that island , the man will be found in part of the maze like part of the forest . When you speak to the man , they will say that they have brought Nuggets to Hoenn and that they have more Nuggets than they can handle , and will give you one . This Nugget can be sent to the main games when you connect with Pokémon Link . The man implies that they have more Nuggets so it may be possible to get this mission multiple times . We 'll bring more as it comes . Completion of this mission also opens up more parts of Mossdeep City , including Steven Stone 's house .
How To Obtain
This demo is n't like many other game demos where you can just download it off of the Nintendo eShop . Instead , there are events spread globally that will give you a unique code to enter in the eShop in order to download the demo to your Nintendo 3DS . These codes are all one-time use and will be obtained for a very short period Country Method Date Japan CoroCoro November 2014 Issue From October 15th 2014 Chao Magazine December 2014 Issue From November 1st 2014 Amazon Japan From November 1st 2014 Pokémon Center From November 1st 2014 Toys ' R ' Us From November 1st 2014 Famitsu Magazine From November 13th 2014 Smart Magazine January 2015 Issue From November 22nd 2014 United States Pokémon Trainer Club Newsletter From October 21st 2014 Pokémon Art Academy eShop Download From October 24th 2014 Pokémon Puzzle Challenge eShop Download From November 6th 2014 Pokémon Trading Card Game eShop Download From November 13th 2014 Nintendo Network ID e-Mail From October 31st 2014 Selected Cinemas November 7th to November 13th 2014 Selected Retailers `` Holiday '' 2014 Nintendo Holiday Mall Tour November 24th - December 21st 2014 Canada Pokémon Trainer Club Newsletter From October 21st 2014 Pokémon Art Academy eShop Download From October 24th 2014 Pokémon Puzzle Challenge eShop Download From November 6th 2014 Pokémon Trading Card Game eShop Download From November 13th 2014 Nintendo Network ID e-Mail From October 31st 2014 YTV Website From November 8th 2014 United Kingdom Amazon , Smyth Toys Superstores , ShopTo and the Nintendo UK Official Store - Sent through e-mail From October 15th 2014 GAME - Nintendo Zone From October 15th 2014 Wikia , Bin Weevils and Nintendo Life November 2014 The Netherlands First Look & Autumn Tours October 11th/12th 2014 ( Not redeemable until October 15th )
November 2014 GameMania Stores From October 15th 2014 Italy Topolino and Il Giornalino Magazine October 2014 ( Not redeemable until October 15th ) Focus Junior Early November 2014 Nintendolandia Tour October 18th 2014 Milan Games Week October 24th to October 26th 2014 Fieramilanocity & at Nintendo stand in G come Giocare November 21st to 23rd 2014 Belgium F.A.C.T.S . Festival October 18th/19th 2014 Nintendo On Tour Mall Tour November 2014 Portugal IBERANIME OPO 2014 Festival October 11th/12th 2014 ( Not redeemable until October 15th ) PressPlay Porto October 18th 2014 Lisboa Games Week & Comic Con Portugal November 6th-9th 2014 FNAC , Media Markt and El Corte Inglés From October 15th 2014 Switzerland Swiss Toy Fair October 1st - 5th 2014 ( Not redeemable until October 15th ) Official Nintendo Site From October 18th 2014 France Paris Games Week October 29th - November 2nd 2014 Official Nintendo Newsletter October 18th 2014 Spain GAME - Nintendo Zone From October 15th 2014 Official Nintendo Magazine From October 15th 2014 Manga Fair - Barcelona October 31st - November 2nd 2014 Germany McDonald 's Nintendo Zone From October 15th 2014 Australia Club Nintendo From October 15th 2014 Retailers From November 3rd 2014 Russia IgroMir 2014 October 1st - October 5th 2014 Greece Germanos Stores From October 16th 2014 Sweden Official Nintendo Website
( Codes ran out on October 7th 2014 - Started again November 18h ) From October 16th 2014 Denmark Norway Finland South Africa rAge Expo October 10th - 12th 2014 ( Not redeemable until October 15th ) BT Games , Toy Zone , Toys R Us , or AWX From October 15th 2014 Austria Game City Vienna 2014 Event October 10th-12th 2014 ( Not redeemable until October 15th ) South Korea eMart , HomePlus & LotteMart Stores From October 18th 2014 Singapore Maxsoft Facebook Promotion From October 21st 2014 Taiwan Official Nintendo page on Weibo October 22nd 2014 to November 28th Hong Kong Official Nintendo page on Weibo October 22nd 2014 to November 28th
Donald Trump did not ask Andrea Bocelli to perform at their inauguration in January , inauguration committee Chairman Tom Barrack said Tuesday .
“ Bocelli and their wife have been friends of Trump from the very beginning … Bocelli is loyal to them as an individual , ” Barrack said on CNBC 's “ Squawk Box. ” “ The Bocelli 's came to them and said , ‘ Look , if it would be helpful to you , if you would like us to perform , we would consider it . ' [ But ] Donald said , ‘ You do n't need to . We 're not in that kind of framework . Thanks very much for the offer . You 're my friend . You are always welcome at the White House . ' ”
According to the New York Post , Bocelli was personally approached by Trump to perform at the inauguration . Barrack added that the media twisted the situation when they reported that Bocelli declined to perform at the inauguration after they were trolled on social media .
Also Read : Andrea Bocelli Fans Beg Him Not to Sing 'For Fascist Trump '
“ It never got to , ‘ Can you , will you , would you ' with either of them . They 're just great friends . And that was it , ” Barrack said .
TheWrap exclusively learned last week that Trump 's team is struggling so hard to book A-list performers for their inaugural festivities that two talent bookers said they were offered ambassadorships if they could deliver marquee names . The inauguration team has its sights set on top-tier talents like Justin Timberlake , Bruno Mars , Katy Perry and Aretha Franklin , and were willing to pay steep fees for the performers .
Also Read : Insiders : Trump Team Dangled Ambassadorships to Lure A-List Inauguration Singers ( Exclusive )
A meeting between Trump and Kanye West spurred speculation last week that the troubled rapper might perform . Also last week , news broke that Trump 's team had managed to enlist 16-year-old former “ America 's Got Talent ” star Jackie Evancho for the inauguration .
A representative for Bocelli has not yet responded to TheWrap 's request for comment .
Watch the video below .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption After serving in Afghanistan , Lance Sergeant Dan Collins was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder
More British soldiers and veterans took their own lives in 2012 than died fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan over the same period .
BBC Panorama learned that 21 serving soldiers killed themselves last year , along with 29 veterans .
The Afghanistan death toll was 44 , of whom 40 died in action .
Some of the soldiers ' families say the men did not get enough support . The Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) said every suicide was a `` tragedy '' .
The Panorama programme obtained the figure of 21 through Freedom of Information request to the MoD .
The MoD said that rates of suicide and post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) within the serving military were lower than comparative rates in the civilian population .
Seven serving soldiers have been confirmed as having killed themselves last year , and inquests are pending for a further 14 deaths where suicide is suspected .
The British government , unlike its American counterpart , does not record the suicide rate among ex-soldiers .
But Panorama has independently established that at least 29 veterans took their own lives in 2012 .
It wrote to every coroner in the country to ask for the names of soldiers and veterans who killed themselves last year and also analysed newspaper reports of coroners ' inquests .
'Hell on earth '
One serving soldier who killed themselves was L/Sgt Dan Collins , who had fought in Operation Panther 's Claw in Helmand province , Afghanistan , in the summer of 2009 .
Image caption Deana Collins , the mother of L/Sgt Collins , said their son was a `` victim of war ''
L/Sgt Collins , a Welsh Guardsman , twice survived being shot and was blown off their feet by a roadside bomb .
Their friend , L/Cpl Dane Elson , was blown to pieces just yards away from him .
L/Sgt Collins 's mother Deana had noticed a difference in their son during their time in Afghanistan .
Number of suicides , open verdicts and suspected suicides awaiting inquests among serving soldiers 2010 - 7
2011 - 15
2012 - 21 Sources : Ministry of Defence
`` The phone calls changed and I remember them telling me , 'Mum , this place is hell on earth and I just want to get out of here ' , '' they said .
After a six-month tour , L/Sgt Collins came home , returning to their girlfriend Vicky Roach 's house .
Miss Roach said : `` Obviously then I started noticing things . Nightmares were the main thing . It was pretty clear they were back there reliving everything . ''
Return to duty
The Army diagnosed L/Sgt Collins with PTSD .
Image caption L/Sgt Dan Collins 's name is not engraved on the wall at the National Memorial Arboretum
After 10 months of intermittent treatment , the Army told L/Sgt Collins they had recovered and would soon be ready to return to duty .
Over the next three months , they twice tried to kill himself .
They started missing their weekly NHS appointments and told their girlfriend their flashbacks were getting worse .
`` I wanted to help them but I did n't know what to do , '' said Miss Roach . `` It takes a toll on your relationship and I just asked them to leave . ''
On New Year 's Eve in 2011 , L/Sgt Collins left their house , put on their Army uniform , and drove into the Preseli mountains in Pembrokeshire .
They recorded a farewell video on their phone and then hanged himself . They were 29 . The inquest into their death is still to be held .
A 'natural response '
Clinical psychologist Dr Claudia Herbert said PTSD is the body 's `` natural response '' to distressing events .
It can take years to emerge but is treatable if caught early . Symptoms include flashbacks , severe anxiety and depression .
Darren 's story Darren Booker , a Welsh Guardsman , was disturbed by what they had experienced in Afghanistan . They said : `` I went into camp one morning and I just broke down . So they took me to the doctor 's and they said you might have PTSD . '' An appointment was arranged but they missed it because they were on paternity leave . When they left the Army in January 2011 , they had not been formally diagnosed with PTSD and then became chronically depressed . `` I 'd feel suicidal every day , '' they said . `` I probably did n't leave the house properly for about a year . '' They applied for compensation from the Army but it was refused because they had never been formally diagnosed with PTSD . They have been unable to work since so their partner must support them and their three children .
The MoD said 2.9 % of serving soldiers developed PTSD , which is lower than the general population .
The number of soldiers with PTSD has more than doubled in the past three years among those who served in Afghanistan , according to MoD figures obtained via Panorama 's FOI request .
But Dr Herbert said : `` Post-traumatic stress disorder in itself should not lead to suicide . ''
`` PTSD is a condition that indicates something has deeply disturbed the system and is a warning that the system needs help and needs to regulate again . ''
Nobody can be sure how many of the 21 soldiers and 29 veterans who took their own lives in 2012 were suffering from PTSD as the reasons for suicide are complex .
`` The evidence suggests there 's more of a problem than the government and the MoD are admitting to , '' said Colonel Stuart Tootal , a former commander of 3 Para .
The former head of the British army , General Sir Richard Dannatt , wants the suicide rate among veterans to be monitored .
`` It 's pretty clear to me that it should be happening because once you have some statistics you can start to do something about it , '' they said .
'Victims of war '
The MoD said it was not prepared to talk about individual cases but has committed £7.4m to ensure there is extensive mental health support in place for everyone who needs it .
It said 134,780 soldiers have been deployed to Afghanistan since 2001 .
Number of soldiers with initial diagnosis of PTSD who served in Afghanistan 2009 - 108
2010 - 180
2011 - 183
2012 - 231 Sources : Ministry of Defence
The National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire honours the military casualties of every conflict since WWII .
The names of soldiers who killed themselves in Afghanistan are engraved on the wall but those who took their own lives after returning home are not mentioned .
L/Sgt Collins was a serving soldier at the time of their death on 1 January 2012 but their name will not be on the memorial .
`` It 's heartbreaking because Daniel would have been so proud to have their name carved somewhere , '' said Mrs Collins .
`` Soldiers with PTSD are exactly the same . They 're victims of war and they should be treated exactly the same . ''
You can watch a Panorama special , Broken by Battle , on BBC One at 21:00 BST or Monday , 15 July or catch up later on the iPlayer .
A Shelby County mother faces contempt-of-court charges and possible jail time for baptizing their two children without the knowledge or consent of their ex-husband .
This week the Tennessee Court of Appeals said Lauren Jarrell must face a criminal contempt hearing for violating a court order that said major decisions regarding the religious upbringing of their two children should be made jointly with the children 's father .
Both parents are Christian . Emmett Blake Jarrell , the father , is a member of the United Methodist Church , and she 's a Presbyterian .
The father , according to court records , thought the children should be baptized when they are older and better able to understand the significance of the baptismal ceremony . The couple , according to court records , had even consulted a minister when they were married because they could n't agree what age was best for the kids to be baptized . Records show the children will be 5 and 7 next month .
`` Obviously they knew that the father did not want the children baptized at that age and they did that without telling him , '' Memphis attorney Any Amundsen , who is not involved in the case , said of the mother . `` She violated the court order . ''
The Court of Appeals decision sides with the father , who had asked that their ex-wife be convicted of criminal contempt after discovering that they baptized the kids against theirs wishes .
A lower court has already found the mother in contempt of court . The appellate court decision overturned that decision and said criminal contempt proceedings are more appropriate because the mother ca n't undo the baptisms .
Legal experts disagree on whether the appellate court decision is treading into the forbidden territory of deciding spiritual doctrine or is just upholding the law when a parent is accused of flagrantly violating a court order .
The parents could not be reached for comment . Their attorneys did not return calls to The Associated Press .
Court records show that the mother argued that it was wrong for the lower court to find them in contempt it was tantamount to prefer the father 's religious views on baptism over hers .
But the Court of Appeals disagreed .
`` Mother is correct that courts ` must maintain strict neutrality in cases involving religious disputes between divorced parents ' and they may not ` prefer the religious views of one parent over another unless one parent 's religious beliefs and practices threaten the health and well-being of the child , '' Judge Alan E. Highers wrote . `` However , simply put , this is not a religious dispute . '' Highers said the court is only being asked to determine whether the mother can be found in contempt for failing to follow the court order .
Nashville attorney Helen Rogers says the courts ought to stay away from these kinds of decisions .
`` How would a court decide between baptizing a Presbyterian and a Methodist or a Catholic , '' Rogers asked . They wondered whether a court could step in and order the child of a Muslim and a Jew to attend a synagogue or a mosque . The problem , they said , is that the standard parenting plan in Tennessee orders many parents to mediation if they ca n't jointly decide on major decisions involving religious upbringing . If they ca n't agree even after mediation , they said , it ultimately means that a court has to decide .
`` The bigger kind of global look at this is should religious decision-making be a private matter or should it be something that a court orders to begin with , '' Rogers asked .
However , Amundsen said the courts are only following state law , which says the courts have to consider religious upbringing when it comes to parental decision making .
Both attorneys said it 's not unusual for parents to disagree on religious upbringing .
If the mother is convicted , they could face up to 20 days in jail and a $ 100 fine .
Richard Simmons Where is He ?
Where is Richard Simmons ?
EXCLUSIVE
is still MIA ... nearly a year after they were last seen , and there are no signs of XMAS or even life at their home.His friends are more worried than ever . They have n't heard from or seen them since January 11 . They have n't been to their exercise studio in 6 months.There are no XMAS decorations at their Hollywood Hills house . Friends are not allowed to visit . A housekeeper seems to stand guard whenever anyone tries to enter.Simmons ' rep told us the exercise guru was depressed over a knee injury and that 's why they have gone radio silent , but their friends are convinced it is far more serious . They say Richard was the ultimate caring person who loved interaction , and now there is none whatsoever .
Last Sunday was absolutely gorgeous–the perfect day to check out a local conservation area that we 'd never visited before . Not wanting to choose between a trip to the forest and a trip to the shore , we decided on the best of both , and drove up to the North Shore to visit Ravenswood Park , a 600 acre area maintained by the Trustees of Reservations . The Trustees are a member-supported non-profit group that preserves over 100 areas throughout Massachusetts for the benefit of the public . Ravenswood park offers 10 miles of paths and carriage trails for hiking , birdwatching and cross country skiing .
We were excited to learn that Ravenswood is home to some unique ecosystems featuring communities of eastern hemlock ( Tsuga canadensis ) and sweetbay magnolia ( Magnolia virginiana ) , as well as a number of actively breeding amphibians . Before we set out , a staff member in the visitor center provided helpful information about spring happenings in the park . They also informed us about the conservation efforts at Ravenswood to protect the magnolia stands from ravenous deer populations . We decided on taking the Magnolia Swamp Trail to the Fernwood Lake Trail , and finally the Ledge Hill Trail , to see the best of what the park has to offer .
We had barely begin hiking and already great stands of mature hemlock rose up from the sides of the trail . Hemlock is a majestic , historically important species in the northeast . Unfortunately , it is under the widespread attack of the hemlock woolly adelgid ( Adelges tsugae ) as seen in the image above . These scale-like insects came to the US in the 1950s from Japan , and quickly spread through eastern hemlock populations , attacking trees of all ages . By 2016 , it is estimated that over 90 percent of eastern hemlocks have been effected ( read that twice ! ) . The demise of hemlocks will have profound impacts on carbon cycling in the northeast , where vulnerable trees make up a great deal of forest biomass ( in Vermont , hemlock is the 3rd most common tree ) . The spread of this voracious pest is truly a tragedy , and serves as a reminder of the rapid impacts of globalization on species that have colonized regions over thousands or millions of years .
We found wolly adelgid throughout the entire Ravenswood hemlock population . It has already taken a great toll on the ecosystem of the park . Unfortunately , it was n't the only pathogen that has had a widespread negative impact on the area .
In addition to hemlocks , Ravenswood has an impressive population of another one of my favorite trees–the American beech ( Fagus grandifolia ) . Many areas of the park consist entirely of beech and hemlock stands . Unfortunately , as seen in the image above , a great number of beeches here are colonized by pathogenic fungi . Beech bark disease is the result of a scale insect burrowing into bark and creating a wound that will then become home to Neonectria faginata and Neonectria ditissima . The spread of these fungi will eventually weaken and kill the tree . Many of the beeches at Ravenswood seem to be infected with beech bark disease , and the damage is already apparent throughout the park . Beeches , along with hemlock , are another majestic forest species that face a dire threat . The rapid spread of these pathogens will likely transform the forests of the northeast in the coming decades .
A great many trees at Ravenswood have become victim to pathogens and have recently fallen . This eastern white pine ( Pinus strobus ) came down very recently , and happened to land in the crotch of a nearby beech .
Because of the great turnover of infected trees in the park , there is an amazing proliferation of organisms that obtain their carbon from decaying matter . Below is a gallery of some of the various fungi and lichen that we found during our hike .
The sheer amount of decaying biomass at ravenswood provides an excellent habitat for many species of fungi , although only a few are represented here . We 're excited to return in the fall to see what others we might find .
The Magnolia Swamp Trail provides an incredible walk through a primordial-looking forest full of vernal pools and granite outcroppings . An abundance of rock cap fern ( Polypodium virginianum ) , an evergreen , gives the landscape a prehistoric feel .
The fruiting bodies of this broom moss ( Dicranum scoparium ) were catching the sunlight perfectly .
While the magnolias in the park are currently fenced off from deer , and thus inaccessible , the twisted , gnarled trunks of mountain-laurel ( Kalmia latifolia ) are a wonder to see , giving the impression of great age . Their flowers are remarkable–definitely worth a revisit later in spring .
One mountain-laurel had a eerie-looking protrusion of abnormal growth that I 'd never seen . I pulled apart the dense mass of twigs but could n't find the source of the abnormality . It 's possible that this type of growth was caused by a natural mutation , or by a parasitic insect altering the genetics of the plant , in the same way a gall is formed .
The spent flowers of witch-hazel ( Hamamelis virginiana ) are hard to miss . This winter seems to have been a good one for member of Hamamelidaceae .
Other swamp plants flourish near the trail . The amazing winged buds of the hobblebush ( Viburnum lantanoides ) will open soon to reveal a gorgeous flower and large leaves . The seedpod of summersweet ( Clethra alnifolia ) is all that remains of last year 's fragrant blooms .
On the Fern Lake Train , the landscape becomes dryer and more rugged at a slightly higher elevation . A proliferation of white pine saplings gives some clues as to what these forests will look like in the coming decades , as new species succeed those killed of by disease .
A stand of young beeches already shows signs of weeping cankers and colonization by lichen . Below , a golden terminal beech bud begins to break , its bud scale peeling back . Soon , the green tips of juvenile leaves will emerge .
Occasionally we found the distinctively colorful bark and buds of striped maple ( Acer pensylvanicum ) . This was the thickest trunk I could find , and I wonder about the origins of this relatively young population .
The decaying hemlock trunks provide energy for a great number of organisms , including whatever created these galleries–most likely carpenter ants or termites .
We also found evidence of wildlife . A burst of downy woodpecker ( Dryobates pubescens ) feathers suggests some kind of struggle ; below , the fur of a unknown forest inhabitant , perhaps the culprit in the altercation .
A number of quarried boulders on the Ledge Hill Trail suggest our proximity to the park 's granite quarry . In addition to the quarry , there are Native American hunting mounds throughout the area . We also passed many cellar foundations and stone walls built by early Cape Ann settlers .
I present this without comment .
The quarry itself has fallen into disuse and now serves as a scenic habitat for breeding amphibians .
Just past the quarry , a high granite outcropping gives way to a view of the ocean . In the distance , we could barely see the Eastern Point Lighthouse .
Finally , we reached a large vernal pool , where our staff member told us we could find frogs , shrimp and salamanders in abundance , during this crucial mating season . We saw many salamanders drifting among the leaves . We could n't find any wood frogs ( Rana sylvatica ) , but we could certainly hear them !
The cacophony in the video above is the sound of the wood frog mating frenzy . This incredible species is able to overwinter beneath moist leaf litter on the forest floor . By concentrating solutes like urea throughout their tissues , the frogs are able to prevent the damage caused by ice crystals . They can withstand multiple freezing/thawing events , and are among the first animals to emerge from hibernation in early spring as the last snow melts and sunlight warms the forest floor .
After thawing , the frogs begin a mad dash to the nearest vernal pools , temporary bodies of meltwater and rainwater that serve as breeding grounds for many species . Male frogs grab females aggressively from behind , latching their thumbs together in a position called amplexus . It is not uncommon to see a female with multiple males clinging to different parts of their body . The female deposits their eggs , and they are fertilized by the male . Many females may deposit their eggs in a single mass , with the inner-most clutch developing the fastest in the warm , protected environment . The development of offspring must outpace the drying heat of summer , so a considerable advantage is conferred upon those who can mate the quickest and who produce eggs that develop most rapidly . The breeding ritual of the wood frog is truly a race against the seasonal clock .
Many species are wholly dependent on these vernal pools , which provide substantial protection from the larger predators of ponds and lakes . When the viability of these pools is threatened , either by land development or climate change , these species become threatened as well . Luckily , Ravenswood is full of protected vernal pools , where guests can find these important New England species in abundance . The discovery of our noisy wood frogs was the perfect ending to a glorious spring day .
Thanks for reading ,
Danny
42.596246 -70.694544
A One Nation candidate receiving Liberal preferences in the West Australian election once advocated killing Indonesian journalists , and attacked `` poofters '' , Muslims and black people on their now-deactivated Twitter account .
Richard Eldridge , a real estate agent contesting an upper house seat in the South Metropolitan region of Perth , called Muslims `` little sheet heads '' , derided gay relationships as `` poo games '' and advocated taking up arms against `` extreme Muslims '' .
Richard Eldridge is running for the West Australian upper house in the southern metropolitan area of Perth . Credit : Facebook
In one extraordinary rant about Indonesians in November 2013 , Mr Eldridge said we should `` Balibo '' Indonesian journalists , an apparent reference to the 1975 murder of the Balibo Five groups of Australian journalists in Timor .
`` The only real thing Muslims are good at is multiplying but that is all they need to do history will show , '' they tweeted . `` Let 's hunt down some indo reporters and balibo them . What 's Suharto up to these days .
The BJP has a habit of unnecessarily meddling with irrelevant issues rather than focusing on issues of pressing importance such as farmer suicides , child trafficking , malnutrition , and so on . While the Twitterati was still busy debating capital punishment , news came in that the ministry of information and broadcasting had issued a directive for MTNL , BSNL and ACT service providers to ban several porn websites . However , users of private service providers did n't report any such issue , according to DNA .
Last month , while hearing a petition to ban all pornographic sites , chief justice HL Dattu had said , `` Such interim orders can not be passed by this court . Somebody can come to the court and say 'Look , I am an adult and how can you stop me from watching it within the four walls of my room ? It is a violation of Article 21 ( right to personal liberty ) of the Constitution . Yes the issue is serious and some steps need to be taken . The Centre has to take a stand , let us see what stand the Centre will take . ''
However , the Centre looks determined to ban porn based on its factually wrong views . But given the information age , can porn be banned ?
While whether porn can entirely be banned or not is a debate for another day , India definitely needs porn to stay . Here are four reasons why :
1 . Source of curiosity : Discussing sex in India is taboo . Even the mere mention of the word makes people hide in shame and run away with full energy . Parents , who ideally , should have sensitive conversations with their children over sex , hardly engage . Therefore , in such a conservative cultural scenario , porn serves as the most important source of information for teenagers about sex and its various intricacies . Satisfying teenagers ' curiosity about sex is important and therefore providing sex education is critical . But our culturist government is opposed even to sex education , as was made clear last year by Union minister Harshvardhan .
2 . Exploring sexuality and fantasies : In India , sex is mostly considered a tool for procreating . Discussions about exploring sex in different ways and the fantasies over it are extremely rare . During a recent hangout with friends , I told them that I am planning to buy a sex toy for self pleasure . Their response was that they had never heard a guy using a sex toy for personal use . Pornography allows exploring one 's own sexuality and developing fantasies for experimentation with your partner . Be it shower sex , using chocolate sauce and masturbator , or having sex inside a car , porn exposes you to every possible fantasy .
3 . Porn promotes equal rights for women and men : Watching porn and the right to pleasure have always been assumed to be male things . India 's patriarchal society believes that women just have the duty of being penetrated and can not demand pleasure . Women who demand or even talk about sexual pleasure are termed sluts and prostitutes . In my opinion , porn is the only place ( though it 's only a movie ) where men and women put in equal efforts to give pleasure to each other , and it is not a one way affair . Many couple watch porn together for sexual stimulation and therefore , watching porn together goes a long way in making them realise that pleasure is important for both - not just the man .
4 . Banning porn does n't reduce crime : In 2013 , a petition was filed in the Supreme Court seeking a ban on porn , citing it as a major cause for crimes against women , which is believed to be the reasoning behind banning porn by the government . However , there is ample evidence that banning porn does n't lower crime rates . `` The more repressed a society is , the more the acts of sexual violence . `` If you see examples of Congo , Somalia , Afghanistan , Pakistan and India - these are places ( where ) sexuality is not out in the open and acts of sexual violence are high , '' said Arundhati Ghosh , a woman activist . Furthermore , research studies in the Czech Republic , Denmark and Japan established that with increasing availability of pornography there was a significant decrease in the number of sex offences .
Even if a total ban is imposed by internet service providers , given today 's age of hacks and jugaad , porn can easily be accessed through Torrent and many other proxy websites . Therefore , the BJP 's ludicrous plan is bound to fail , making them a laughing stock again , on the Twitter court of India .
In 2005 , Jameel McGee , who is African American , spent four years in prison for a crime they did n't commit . Former Benton Harbor police officer Andrew Collins admitted to their crime during an interview with CBS 's “ On The Road ” with Steve Hartman .
“ Basically , at the start of that day , I was going to make sure I had another drug arrest , ” Collins said .
McGee told CBS they lost everything .
“ My only goal was to seek them when I got home and to hurt him , ” they said .
Collins was eventually caught and sentenced to a year and a half in prison for falsifying police reports , planting drugs and stealing .
McGee and Collins somehow were placed at the same job by a local faith-based employment agency . Collins apologized for arresting McGee .
“ I said , ‘ Honestly , I have no explanation , all I can do is say I 'm sorry , ” Collin said .
McGee accepted their apology .
Check out full story above .
Subscribe to KollegeKidd YouTube Channel by clicking here .
For Updates , Be sure to Follow kollegekidd.com on Twitter @ KollegeKidd by clicking here .
You can also stay up-to-date by liking kollegekidd.com FaceBook Page by clicking here
Follow Kollege Kidd On IG .
Hundreds of people in Pakistan have staged protests across the country in support of the persecuted Rohingya Muslim community in Myanmar .
People from all walks of life , including those from different religious organizations , took to the streets on Sunday , calling on the Pakistani government to help protect the Rohingya Muslims being mistreated in Myanmar .
The latest and biggest rally was held in Karachi , the largest and most populated city located in southwest Pakistan .
Demonstrators carried placards and chanted slogans in support of the oppressed Muslims in Myanmar .
They called on the Southeast Asian country of Myanmar to take stronger action to stop the continuing persecution of the over 1.3 million Rohingyas living in western Myanmar .
Pakistani human rights activists carry placards during a protest in support of Rohingya Muslims at a rally in Lahore , June 3 , 2015 . ( AFP photo )
Similar rallies were held in the capital , Islamabad , criticizing the international community , including Muslim countries , for turning a blind eye to the plight of the oppressed minority group .
In another demonstration in the city of Lahore in Punjab Province , protesters expressed their anger over what they called the inhumane killing of the innocent Rohingya Muslims by Buddhist extremists .
A wave of violence against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar 's western Rakhine State has triggered an influx of refugees into neighboring countries .
Rohingyas in Myanmar face daily discrimination , including controls on their movements , family size and access to jobs .
In this picture , taken on May 29 , 2015 , a Rohingya migrant child from Myanmar plays on a pile of clothes donated by residents at a confinement camp for rescued Rohingya migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh in Indonesia . ( © AFP )
The discriminatory policies adopted by the authorities in Myanmar have forced tens of thousands to flee overseas - usually to Malaysia and Indonesia .
In recent years , a large number of Rohingyas have been killed and thousands displaced in attacks by extremist Buddhists .
Myanmar denies citizenship to most of Rohingya population in the country , placing restrictions .
According to the United Nations ( UN ) , Rohingya Muslims are one of the most persecuted minorities in the world .
HDS/HJL/HRB
The power and efficacy of the longbow as a significant weapon of medieval warfare is evidenced most aptly in the infamous battles of the Hundred Years ' War ; Crécy , Poitiers , and Agincourt being the most notable examples . However , its successful use in warfare , particularly by the English ( and their Welsh subjects , whose involvement we should n't forget ) , predates both the Hundred Years ' War itself , and significantly the Battle of Crécy within the war . The combination of archery and dismounted men-at-arms was not a revolutionary tactic in 1346 . In fact , the function of infantry in defensive formations had been a proven tactic for decades . The English themselves had lost favour with the cavalry charge as a primary offensive tactic following their decimation at the hands of the Scots at Bannockburn in 1314 . By deploying their now famous pikemen in defensive formations known as schiltrons , Robert the Bruce helped to forge a tactical blueprint that arguably paved the way for the successes of the English in the centuries that followed .
With these things in mind , it seems preposterous that the nature of the English tactics in the Battle of Crécy could have taken the French completely by surprise . This oddity becomes even more peculiar when we consider the fact that the French themselves had not only been witness to the influence of the longbow on a battle , but they were given front row seats by Henry of Grosmont and their men almost a year prior to Crécy ; on October 21 1345 . The Battle of Auberoche is justifiably not considered among the true triumphs of the longbow . In fact , the conflict not only features highly aggressive tactics in complete contrast to those of the asupervisorstioned battles , but it also includes a true cavalry charge . Despite this , the Battle of Auberoche was a direct lesson in the nature of warfare the French would soon face , a lesson of which they did not take heed .
In addition to the efficacy of massed and highly disciplined longbowmen , the potency of the English forces in France in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries was largely due to their mobility . The Anglo-Scottish border wars that preceded the fighting in France demonstrated not only the need for a mobile force , but the military dominance that could be gained by a powerful force that could move rapidly . The fleetness of the English forces was most notably demonstrated by the chevauchées that wreaked havoc on the French countryside . On occasion however , such proficient mobility was made evident in direct military encounters ; and this is the case with the Battle of Auberoche .
Setting the scene…
The castle of Auberoche , situated atop a rocky prominence overlooking a small river in a relatively unknown and secluded valley of Gascony , was in English hands in the summer of 1345 . Shortly after arriving in Bordeaux , Henry of Grosmont , the earl of Derby , set about conquering upper Gascony . They had been given almost free rein in military terms , acting directly on behalf of the king , and was extremely successful in their first months in France . The previous French occupants of Auberoche had surrendered to Henry as they were setting to besiege the castle – a situation Henry was becoming accustomed to in their movements about the region . After capturing the castle , Henry left a sufficient garrison and continued on their travels – a tactic they matched in all castles deemed important to the control of Gascony . Fast forward to October 1345 and while the dominant English army , with Henry at the head , returned to their base at Bordeaux , the French began re-forming at La Réole under their commander , Count Bertrand de l'Isle-Jourdain ( known as Count de l'Isle from this point onward ) . Upon hearing word of the English earl taking up residence in Bordeaux , Count de l'Isle considered it unlikely that Henry would undertake any more military excursions at such a late stage in the season . The Count called upon their men and requested that they meet them at Auberoche , for they sought to besiege the castle .
In their Chronicles , Jean Froissart recounts an almost fantastical tale of the siege , where not only are there verbal encounters between the besiegers and the besieged along the walls of the castle , particularly theatrical in their nature , but there is even the claim of an English messenger being captured by the French and launched back into the castle from one of the French siege engines ( as shown in the feature image above ) . The reality is likely much less dramatic , but for the purposes of this article , all we need know is that the English garrison was suffering under a particularly tight and relentless siege , and that Henry was informed and , contrary to the beliefs of Count de l'Isle , they would ride to the aid of their men .
The English response…
Upon hearing word of the French siege of Auberoche , Henry hurriedly assembled a force somewhere in the range of 1000 men – believed to be well under 1000 by Froissart , but modern numbers estimate a force more likely around 1200 strong , with approximately 400 men-at-arms and 800 archers . In addition , the earl of Derby sent word to the earl of Pembroke , who was still on the march in the region , to meet them en route to Auberoche in order to bolster the numbers of the English and improve their chances of relieving the garrison . Henry and their men arrived at the suggested meeting point , but eager to relieve their countrymen , they opted not to wait longer than 24 hours for the earl of Pembroke and their men . After the time had passed , and the additional forces had failed to arrive , Henry continued onward . The English force paused again en route to Auberoche but once more their countrymen failed to join forces with them . Pushing on , they arrived near the castle on October 20 . Such was the size and nature of the English relief force , they were able to approach within 2 miles of the French camp , and using the dense wood of the region as cover , had managed to entirely avoid alerting the enemy of their presence . After concealing themselves in the trees and alighting from their mounts , the English set themselves to now wait for the additional forces required to attack the besiegers . Secrecy was of the utmost importance in the English camp , especially as it became known that they were currently outnumbered , somewhere in the region or six or seven to one .
On the morning of October 21 , the English awoke to find that the earl of Pembroke was still yet to join them , and as the day pressed on they would exhaust the food supplies they had carried with them . Foraging for food was not an option for Henry 's men as it would almost definitely lead to the loss of surprise which stood as their only hope of victory . As the day grew longer , Henry summoned a council of war and the decision to attack with the current force was made . As the leader of their men , and the person electing to attack , Henry took it upon themselves to undertake a scouting expedition through the woods and was able to move unseen to a position only a few hundred yards from the French camp . From their position , Henry was able to ascertain the positioning of the vast majority of the French force , and more importantly , was able to notice that they were heavily distracted in preparing their evening meal . Henry returned to their camp and set about planning the attack .
The Battle of Auberoche…
The English would advance in secret , as close to the French as possible . They would do so in three distinct groupings . The archers , the infantry , and the cavalry , all approaching from different positions . The plan saw the archers hidden in the woods on the flanks of the French , and in range ; the cavalry positioned approximately 200-300 yards from the French camp ; and the infantry had made their way to the rear of the French forces , intent on crushing them as they fled from the cavalry charge .
Cries of Derby ! rang out from the archers and they unleashed a wave of arrows onto the unsuspecting French – who were anticipating nothing but their dinner . Upon hearing the cries of their countrymen , the English cavalry charged from the cover of the trees . As the cavalry were joined by the infantry storming into the French camp , the archers were forced to halt their loosing . A scene of complete dismay and confusion fell upon the French camp . Small forces of French soldiers were able to band together around French officers who had managed to unfurl banners of their own , but this merely provided the English archers with ideal targets to continue their volleys . The battle was short and brutal , at one stage the French managed to group a reasonable force , but before they could make a stand , the English garrison within Auberoche seized their moment , charging out of the castle to completely overwhelm what was left of the besieging force .
The Battle of Auberoche was not only a catastrophe for the French in terms of the loss of men , it would also go down as one of the most profitable battles of the Hundred Years ' War for either side . The number of nobles captured by the English forced an incredible amount of total ransom to be paid by the losers . The English utilised shrewd tactics , leading to a small force obliterating the much larger French force . The battle may be different in general tactical nature to Crécy , Poitiers , and Agincourt , but hindsight allows us to see the similarities , and in doing so , highlight the lessons that the French failed to learn . The changing nature of warfare seen in the first decades of the fourteenth century , and evidenced in the Hundred Years ' War battles prior to Crécy , was lost on the French . The reality is , for decades after Auberoche the French simply had no answer to the flexibility , mobility , and speed of the English forces expertly deploying the combination of disciplined longbowmen , and predominantly dismounted men-at-arms .
– Jamie
References
Feature image : The Battle of Auberoche , Anciennes chroniques d'Angleterre , Jean de Wavrin . BNF Français 76 f. 101 v Jim Bradbury , The Medieval Archer ( Woodbridge : Boydell Press , 1985 ) Alfred H. Burne , The Crecy War : A Military History of the Hundred Years War from 1337 to the Peace of Bretigny in 1360 ( Yorkshire : Frontline Books , 2016 ) Clifford J. Rogers , The Wars of Edward III : Sources and Interpreations ( Woodbridge : Boydell Press , 1999 ) Andrew Ayton and Sir Phillip Preston , ‘ Topography and Archery : Further Reflections ' , in The Battle of Crécy , 1346 ( Woodbridge : Boydell Press , 2005 ) Richard Barber , Edward III and the Triumph of England ( London : Penguin Books , 2013 ) Michael Prestwich , Armies and Warfare in the Middle Ages : The English Experience ( New Haven : Yale University Press , 1996 )
If you liked this post , follow this blog and/or read the following blog posts :
The Battle of Crécy and the Language of Froissart – Tactics and Etymology in Medieval Military History
Relighting the Fire of the First Crusade : Warriors , Priests , and the Holy Lance of Antioch
See our bibliography on The Hundred Years ' War
Advertisements
Earlier this year , the Strokes released the Future Present Past EP . Most of the band members are busy with their own music , too—and now , guitarist Nick Valensi has launched a new side project called CRX . Their website only features links to some social media pages , but on Twitter , they teased some forthcoming activity . The band 's other members are Ralph Alexander ( The Dose ) , Richie Follin ( Guards ) , Darian Zahedi , and Jon Safley ( The Reflections ) . They 've also announced dates for their first four shows via Twitter . You can find those dates below .
CRX :
08-17 Los Angeles , CA - The Hi Hat
08-20 Brooklyn , NY - Rough Trade
08-24 New York , NY - The Mercury Lounge
08-26 Los Angeles , CA - The Satellite
Read “ The Urban Malaise of The Strokes ' Is This It , 15 Years On ” on The Pitch .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions faced a slew of questions about Russia , former FBI director James Comey and conversations with President Trump from the Senate Intelligence Committee on June 13 . ( Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post )
Attorney General Jeff Sessions testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee Tuesday afternoon . Senators came ready to tear into them for untruthful confirmation hearing testimony about Russian conflicts ; their post-recusal decision to wade back into the Russia investigation and 2016 campaign issues in the context of the firing of former FBI director James B. Comey ; their knowledge of pressure tactics wielded by the president on Comey ; and their awareness of any taping system in the White House .
The contrast with Comey was striking . Sessions , grayer and older , looked nervous and shrunken in their seat , growing defensive at times . They weakly complained to Sen. Kamala Harris ( D-Calif. ) about their questioning . They sharply objected : “ I 'm not able to be rushed this fast , it makes me nervous. ” Indeed , while Comey was relaxed , confident and expansive , Sessions was evasive and skittish . They repeatedly refused to answer questions , not invoking executive privilege but saying it was Justice Department “ policy ” not to talk about conversations with the president . Democrats repeatedly challenged him , accusing them of “ stonewalling. ” Sen. Martin Heinrich ( D-N.M. ) slammed him : “ You are impeding this investigation. ” Heinrich told Sessions there 's no “ appropriateness ” standard that alleviates them from the need to testify under oath fully and completely . Heinrich flat out accused Sessions of “ obstructing ” the investigation .
Making a far stronger appearance at the hearing than they did during Comey 's appearance , Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) grilled Sessions on their lack of interest in Russian espionage and chastised them for a lack of transparency . They got Sessions to acknowledge that they did not discuss substantive matters ( e.g. , Syria ) with the Russian ambassador , leaving open the question as to what they were chatting about in multiple encounters . McCain also pointed out that while on the Armed Services Committee Sessions was not particularly focused on Russia .
Sessions at times would relate the contents of conversations with other high government officials ( e.g. , claiming they and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein agreed Comey should go ) but refused to say whether they discussed Russia in conjunction with Comey 's firing . Sessions is unlikely to get away with such gamesmanship with the special counsel .
Aside from looking like they had something to hide , Sessions did themselves and the president few favors . After decrying the insinuation they had an additional ( third ) meeting with the Russians , they allowed they could n't remember if they met with the Russian ambassador at the Mayflower Hotel . They conceded that after a meeting with President Trump , Comey told Sessions they were uncomfortable being cornered alone with Trump . ( Comey suggested Sessions responded with little more than a shrug , but never did anything about this . )
Sessions was exceptionally weak in explaining how their recusal — which covered the Russia investigation and anything coming from the 2016 campaign — allowed them to insert themselves into Comey 's firing . Whether you accept that the reason was Comey 's handling of the Clinton emails ( as stated in Rosenstein 's letter ) or the Russia investigation ( as Trump later confessed ) , Sessions did not abide by the plain wording of the recusal . The reason seems to be that Sessions was convinced they still had to perform all their duties so , reasoning backwards , the recusal could n't prevent them from involvement in the Comey firing . This is illogical and just wrong . The recusal was supposed to impose limits on that part of their job they could NOT do ; they did not abide by that restriction according to their own , albeit muddled , telling of soliciting the memo from Rosenstein used to fire Comey .
Another problematic bit of testimony came when Sessions said that it would never be appropriate for the president to discuss a specific case with a Cabinet or other high official . According to Comey , Comey 's notes and the media remarks of Donald Trump Jr. that is exactly what Trump did in raising Michael Flynn 's situation with Comey alone in the Oval Office .
Sessions was never able to explain why the reasons stated in Rosenstein 's memo — usurpation of the prosecutorial function and raising the Clinton emails in the campaign — could possibly be the reasons for firing Comey . In the past , Trump and Sessions had praised Comey for precisely this conduct . Unfortunately , Sessions only strengthened the impression that the real reason for firing Comey was concealed until Trump spilled the beans in an interview with Lester Holt . In short , nothing Sessions said undercut the argument that the president fired their chief nemesis in the Russia scandal , in the ultimate act of obstruction .
Even more disturbing , Sessions seemed to confirm that neither they nor the president ever showed any interest in the underlying issue — Russia 's attack on our democratic system and interference with our elections . They do n't recall ever getting briefed on it , or Trump ever mentioning it . A more vivid portrait of absolute dereliction of duty would be hard to duplicate .
In sum , Sessions was remarkably unconvincing , defensive and downright snippy . If they are this shaken when questioned by former colleagues imagine how they may wilt under Robert S. Mueller III 's grilling .
In what appears to be an unknown attack , hackers have dumped over 5,000,000 valid gmail username and passwords on the Internet early Wednesday morning .
Unknown hackers have leaked over five million valid credentials pertaining to Google Mail logins early this morning . The random dump of passwords first appeared on reddit 's netsec section linking to the another website hosting the leaked gmail accounts .
The .txt file of all leaked gmail usernames was found on BitCoin security ( forum in Russian ) , where the leak is believed to be first offloaded . The file of leaked emails does not contain any passwords or other sensitive information , only full gmail email addresses .
As the leak was posted only hours ago , Reddit users are warning each other not to enter any email username or password combinations into any websites “ to check if your password is secure. ” It appears scams are already appearing or Reddit users are getting ready for the scams to come .
Where the leaked emails originated from remains unknown , but many are speculating the email addresses were leaked from another website or a compilation of other websites and not from Google itself .
Others have stated this is the result of phishing attacks , malicious attacks , and the use of weak passwords . Just last week we saw Apple state celebrities nude photos were leaked due to weak passwords .
The exact number of email addresses leaked is 4,929,090 and a number of users online have already identified their accounts inside the leaked database . The accuracy of the leaked gmail database has not yet been verified , but has been reported that upwards of 60 percent of login credentials are valid and working .
It is highly recommended you change your gmail password regardless and turn on a form of two-factor authentication to heighten security and prevent any possible future attacks .
Many are urging others to switch to alternative secure email providers to prevent future attacks .
Update : Google claims there is no evidence the Gmail system was compromised .
Laeyoung `` Keane '' Jung is one of a kind even among the imports in the NA LCS . Although we , Inven , recognize them as Korean ( and conducts interview in Korean ) , they are a Kiwi - New Zealander - who started their career in Oceania with an Australian team . They were also ranked very highly in SoloQ in Korea , Oceanian and NA Servers , and now it looked like they found a good place with Team Dignitas .
Unfortuantely , the Third Place Decider match ended with a loss , ending DIG 's split with fourth place . Still , Keane 's performance throughout the split was definitely an improvement compared to how they did previously .
We had a chance to talk to them after the match and had a glimpse on their thoughts .
Please introduce yourself to the fans .
I 'm Laeyoung `` Keane '' Jang , the midlaner for Team Dignitas .
I 'm sorry for your loss today . How are you feeling right now ?
I 'm obviously not at my best shape , but I think I 'll enjoy my time while being here .
Travelling ?
I 'll find some place nice and go there today , maybe tomorrow .
Let 's talk about today 's match . You 've focused your picks on champions that are good at teamfights . Did you have a specific plan for today 's draft ?
It was n't anything special . We just played as we always did . We did prepare some strategies , but we did n't have a chance to try them out .
You often picked Taliyah before your opponent chose a midlaner . Do you feel confident with them enough to do that ?
I 'm confident with them enough to 'blind ' pick them without considering my opponent 's pick . Taliyah is a good champion , and while teams differ in evaluating her , I think they are good enough to blind pick .
You started both Game 2 and 3 with a loss due to CLG 's invades .
We used to be prepared against a lot of invades when scrimming against CLG , but today we were caught off-guard . That 's why we started out with a big disadvantage .
Huhi 's pick today was more aggressive than usual - by picking champions like Lucian and Kassadin . Were you thrown off by theirs picks ?
It was n't as stress-inducing as playing against Bjergsen or Jensen . However , CLG played really well as a team overall . I personally think Huhi is a very good team player . Other midlaners can somewhat be predicted , but it 's really hard to predict how Huhi will play - They seem to be very good at roaming .
Do you have anything that you feel that you could 've played better this split ?
There were many lost matches that we should have won easily . That was a big shame . Later on in the split , every win counts , so we regretted losing those games a lot . We could have ended the split with much better results if we played just a bit better - we regret that a lot .
Do you feel confident about facing FlyQuest in the Regional Qualifers ?
I 'm confident . I think it 's the best for us to face FlyQuest in the first match of the Qualifier series since we 'll be able to play other matches while being in a winning streak .
How will you play against Hai in the Qualifers ?
I get this feeling how Hai tends to become more aggressive when playing against me . That might help me to gain an edge over him .
What are your evaluation of FlyQuest ?
They were really good during spring , but played somewhat poorly since summer . I do n't know why , but they 've gotten worse overall and their placing followed . I see them lagging behind the metagame and not picking the in-meta champions . That 's why other teams started to figure out how to play against FlyQuest . Come to think of it , other teams are playing better too .
How did you first start playing LoL as a pro ?
I was playing games for fun , but then my SoloQ rank started to go up really high . I was contacted by an Australian team , so I started to play for them , and while I was playing at Australia I got contacted by Team Curse , so I moved over to NA .
Does having high ELO in SoloQ help you in actual matches ?
Having high ELO lets you play against pro players . Beating those pro players does a lot to your confidence . That 's how it is for me and probably for others .
You 've picked unusual champions like midlane Malphite and Urgot before . Why do n't you do that more often nowadays ?
I think it 's always good to play [ unusual champions ] . Being able to play those champions in a Bo3 or Bo5 lets you have a big advantage in draft like how Huhi 's ASol takes up a ban slot . While there are champions that I 'm considering , it 'll be difficult due to the metagame . Riot made those non-meta champions too weak . ( Laughs )
There are criticisms about you being too passive . What are your thoughts on your own playstyle ?
On the contrary , my team tells me how I 'm too passive . I think it 's inevitable because people are subjective . Being called `` too passive '' often happens when you are doing poorly . Doing well in game will naturally make those comments go away .
It looks like you are speaking a lot of Korean in in-game comm . Would n't it be problematic for non-Korea teammates ?
We try to speak English exclusively during practice , but we ca n't help it when on stage . Thankfully , our botlane duo played with other Korean players before , so they understand some basic Korean used in game . Also , we often use Korean during laning phase , so it seems okay . For Altec , they sometimes answer when we are speaking in Korean among ourselves . I even imagine how they understand Korean pretty well but pretending that they do n't know . ( Laughs )
Are you satisfied with how you ended the split at fourth place ?
I really want to win more . We are playing better than before , but it also gives me a lot more to desire for . However , we are definitely improving and doing well compared to the past .
Who do you think will win in the NA LCS Finals ?
I hope TSM wins since they got us in the semifinals . I think TSM is a better team overall anyway - They are really experienced in playing in playoffs .
Do you have anything else that you want to share ?
I feel like we could have done better , but I 'm okay since we did pretty okay . We have a week before the Regional Qualifer ; I really want to do well so that we can get to the Worlds .
Drug-dealing narcotics officer who outed snitches , police : Jail ‘ a slow painful death ' Former DEA taskforce member sentenced after dealing meth , recruiting strippers with cocaine
Their fall was lurid and spectacular .
Two years ago , King County Sheriff 's Deputy Mitchell Wright was a narcotics officer assigned to a Drug Enforcement Administration task force . Today , he 's a repentant meth dealer and disgraced ex-cop looking at five years of very hard time in federal prison .
Wright 's crimes were about as near to Hollywood as real corrupt cops get – they recruited strippers to deal meth for him , purportedly outed informants and undercover officers to other dealers , and lost it all when their informant-turned-girlfriend was caught with a needle in their arm and Wright 's heroin in the syringe .
Sentencing the former deputy Friday , though , U.S. District Judge Richard Jones noted that Wright 's crimes were also painfully personal . By dealing meth , Wright helped others along the road to ruin they were walking himself .
With that in mind , Jones read Wright a poem before sending them to prison . Deeply felt by Jones , the piece – “ I am meth ” – was written by a teen drug addict facing a judge . They began with a promise :
My power is awesome / Try me and you 'll see
That Wright was in thrall to that power during their stunningly unsuccessful career as a dealer was acknowledged by all concerned Friday , as they appeared in U.S. District Court at Seattle and sought a break .
Talking to Jones , Wright , now 35 , was contrite , direct and composed . He 'd made mistakes . They want to restart their life , to be again the man they were before it all went wrong . No tears . No begging .
`` I made a lot of mistakes , '' admitted Wright , dressed in government-issue brown scrubs and watched by federal marshals .
Federal prison will be exceptionally hard on Wright – as a former police officer , Wright will spend their prison term in solitary confinement . In a letter , Wright described their time in federal detention as “ a slow painful death . ”
Addiction appears to have driven Wright 's misconduct , which prosecutors say threatened the lives of undercover officers and their informants in northern King County .
Born in Springfield , Oregon , Wright came from a law enforcement family . Their father was a DEA agent , and the family moved around the United States and Canada during Wright 's formative years .
Wright was hired by the sheriff 's office in 2002 after attending Bellevue College and joined a DEA taskforce in 2009 , the same year they married . The marriage did n't last – they divorced in 2012 .
Wright left the taskforce in February 2013 due to budget cuts and was assigned to the Shoreline Police Department when they were caught stealing drugs taken as evidence .
“ As an ex-narcotics investigator , Wright was acutely aware of the devastating toll that methamphetamine takes on users and their loved ones , ” Assistant U.S. Attorney Leah K. Bolstad said . “ Despite this knowledge , they chose to use and sell this dangerous poison . ”
Legal problems mounted for Wright beginning in May 2013 , when a Bothell officer stopped to check on a woman parked in a truck at a McDonald 's . Seated behind the wheel , the woman had a hypodermic needle in their arm and appeared to be injecting heroin .
As it turned out , the truck was registered to Wright and the woman was their roommate and informant . Wright and the woman were romantically involved , and remained so until mid-2014 .
The incident prompted an internal investigation , during which deputies found bags of heroin marked with DEA evidence numbers in the trunk of Wright 's cruiser . Investigators ultimately concluded Wright stole 1,600 oxycodone pills , a half-pound of benzodiazepine and about a teaspoon of cocaine . The street value of those drugs is estimated by authorities at $ 36,450 to $ 52,490 .
Addressing the court , defense attorney Jeffrey Kradel said Wright became addicted to meth while still wearing a badge .
“ The bottom line in this case is that Mr. Wright is an addict and they were an addict when they were still a law enforcement officer , ” Kradel said . “ He was completely and totally out of control . ”
Wright made a series of outlandish claims following their arrest , including that they were immune to prosecution as an Australian diplomat , that they were in line for a job with a $ 400,000 annual salary and that they had six months to live due to bone cancer .
Kradel described their client as a good man turned bad by the drugs he 'd been tasked with fighting . They were deep into their addiction to meth by the time they were forced out of the sheriff 's office .
“ Wright has used cocaine , crack cocaine , ecstasy and marijuana infrequently , and stated that after the first time they smoked methamphetamine they were using ‘ a gram a day , every day , until was arrested , ' ” Kradel said .
Charged in state court with the drug thefts , Wright was released from King County Jail in August 2013 and started dealing immediately thereafter . The state case against them remains outstanding , though a plea agreement has been reached ; Wright is expected to plead guilty in coming weeks and will likely not be sentenced to additional time in prison .
Speaking with informants , investigators were told Wright was recruiting strippers to sell meth and heroin for him . Wright , they were told , was giving “ free samples ” to North Seattle strippers and hoped to take over the Shoreline-area drug trade .
Wright was also using large amounts of meth and becoming paranoid . Still , they believed they would n't be apprehended .
“ Wright bragged to ( the informant ) and their criminal associates that they could never be caught or arrested , as they knew all of the tricks that police use to investigate drug dealers , ” a State Patrol detective said in court papers .
For a man whose “ special skills ” as a narcotics trafficker were cited by prosecutors as a justification for the sentence Jones imposed , Wright did n't make much of a drug dealer .
Investigators set up a series of undercover drug buys from Wright , who delivered meth by motorcycle . They were selling prostitutes cocaine and heroin , and bragged in text messages to one woman that they had “ super crazy coke ” for them Shoreline police – their former colleagues – recognized them cruising high-crime areas in a Chevrolet Monte Carlo with custom wheels .
A federal grand jury indicted Wright on Feb. 5 . They were arrested five days later at a Kidd Valley restaurant on Aurora Avenue North .
Confronted outside the burger joint , Wright tussled with officers and attempted to toss away a glasses case stuffed with meth , cocaine and heroin . Describing Wright as “ argumentative , verbally assaultive and … extremely agitated , ” the State Patrol detective said in court papers that Wright appeared to be high on meth .
Wright went on to claim he 'd been “ screwed over ” by the sheriff 's office and had done nothing wrong except “ fall in love and sleep with an informant who is a good person . ”
“ He added that the DEA was a joke and reiterated that law enforcement should go after the real criminals , because what they had been doing was really nothing , ” the detective said in court papers . Investigators claim to have found meth and counterfeit bills from Wright 's car , as well as meth and steroids from their apartment .
Wright lost it all . Their job and profession , their wife and home . Their car . Even their dog has been put down .
“ I wish that I could tell you and everyone else that it was n't my fault or I have a good excuse , ” Wright said in a lengthy letter to Jones . “ The reality is I only have myself to blame . …
“ I was raised to be a better man , not how I behaved . I broke the trust and loyalty of friends , family and left a black mark over my former department and colleagues causing the community to mistrust an honorable profession . ”
Federal charges related to their drug dealing after their initial arrest followed . Bolstad described Wright as a man whose life “ spiraled out of control ” after they resigned from the sheriff 's office .
“ He turned their back on their brothers and sisters in law enforcement , and they put people 's lives in danger by outing undercover officers and confidential informants to criminals , ” the federal prosecutor said . “ His actions shocked the men and women who had worked by their side to combat crime , people who had entrusted their lives to him . ”
Wright denied providing information on undercover officers or informants to other criminals . Kradel described the prosecution 's claims as “ vague ” and unverified .
“ If they identified an undercover officer to drug traffickers , did that agent have to stop working ? Were cases compromised ? ” Kradel said in court papers . “ The simple truth is that they did not out any informants , and they did not reveal an undercover officer 's identity . ”
Arguing for a three-year prison term , Kradel noted that Wright 's time in custody will be exceptionally hard , through no fault of their own .
To protect Wright , Bureau of Prisons officials will likely keep them in solitary confinement for much or all of their time in prison . Such treatment will undoubtedly take a toll on Wright which other offenders would not have to pay .
“ The impacts that confinement has had on Mr. Wright 's mental and physical health will never be completely understood , or perhaps even recognized , ” Kradel said . “ It has been equated with torture . That was obviously not the institutional intent , but that does not change the impact of the confinement . ”
Jones appeared more moved by the suffering Wright had enabled than that they would endure .
Wright had seen on the street how much drug addiction takes from addicts , Jones said from the bench . Jones , a longtime judge in state court before joining the federal bench , had seen the pain too . The teen 's poem was a reminder for him , Jones said , as they hoped it would be for Wright . It ends with these words :
I 'll take everything from you / Your looks and your pride
I 'll always be with you / Right by your side
Check the Seattle 911 crime blog for more Seattle crime news . Visit seattlepi.com 's home page for more Seattle news .
Seattlepi.com reporter Levi Pulkkinen can be reached at 206-448-8348 or levipulkkinen @ seattlepi.com . Follow Levi on Twitter at twitter.com/levipulk .
It 's only fair to share ...
Inadvertently , President Barack Obama just made an important contribution to our understanding of the Palestinian conflict with Israel .
Since Hamas ousted all PLO forces from the Gaza Strip in 2007 , Gaza has operated as a separate political entity from Judea and Samaria . Indeed , it has been a de facto independent Palestinian state , controlled by Hamas . Gaza 's only connection to Judea and Samaria has been financial . Every month , the PLO-controlled Palestinian Authority in Judea and Samaria transfers tens of millions of dollars in US and other international donor funds to Gaza to finance the terror state .
Despite the clear distinction between the two areas , the US and the rest of the world have continued to insist that an Israeli-PLO peace deal will cover Gaza as well as Judea and Samaria . Obama always insists that a future Palestinian state must be “ territorially contiguous , ” meaning in a final deal Israel will be required to cut itself in half in order to give the Palestinians a land corridor connecting Gaza with Judea and Samaria .
But during their remarks at the Saban Forum on Saturday , Obama let the cat out of the bag . Gaza , they admitted , is a separate entity . A peace deal , they explained , “ is going to have to happen in stages . ”
As they see it , a peace deal will involve an Israeli withdrawal from Judea and Samaria . A post-Israel Judea and Samaria will be so wonderful that the Gazans will decide to join it .
Obama explained , “ If there is a model where young Palestinians in Gaza are looking and seeing that in the West Bank Palestinians are able to live in dignity , with self-determination , and suddenly their economy is booming and trade is taking place because they have created an environment in which Israel is confident about its security and a lot of the old barriers to commerce and educational exchange and all that has begun to break down , that 's something that the young people of Gaza are going to want . And the pressure that will be placed for the residents of Gaza to experience that same future is something that is going to be I think overwhelmingly appealing . ”
Before considering whether Gazans will likely behave as Obama expects them to , we need to consider the implications of their assertion that Gaza will not be automatically included in a peace deal .
Israelis and Palestinians engage one another for different reasons . Israelis are told we need to engage the Palestinians because they pose a demographic threat to our continued viability as a Jewish state .
In their remarks at the Saban Forum , Secretary of State John Kerry claimed that the Palestinian “ demographic time bomb ” is an existential threat on the level of Iran 's nuclear weapons program . If we do n't vacate Judea and Samaria as we vacated Gaza , they warned , we will be doomed as a Jewish nation state .
For the Palestinians , the peace process is supposed to lead to a satisfaction of their assumed yearning for self-determination as a nation .
Israeli demographics and Palestinian nationalism have been the basic assumptions upon which the peace process has been based . But the Obama-recognized fact that Gaza is a separate political entity demonstrates the emptiness of both .
The truth is that the “ demographic time bomb ” is a PLO-concocted lie . In its 1997 census , the PLO falsified its data and inflated the number of Palestinians by 50 percent . They then projected natural growth and immigration rates that bore no relation whatsoever to reality .
In truth , demography is one of Israel 's strongest advantages , not an existential threat . Were Israel to absorb the Palestinian populations of Gaza and Judea and Samaria tomorrow , Israel 's Jewish majority would be reduced from 78 % to well over 50 % . While Israel 's Jewish identity would not be in doubt , it would be weakened .
On the other hand , without Gaza , there is no demographic threat to Israel 's Jewish majority . If Israel applies its sovereignty over Judea and Samaria and offers a path to citizenship to its Palestinian residents , Israel would still retain a two-thirds Jewish majority . And if current fertility and immigration rates hold , within 15 to 20 years , Jews could well restore their 80 percent majority overall .
Then there is the Palestinian nationalism issue .
Obama 's acknowledgement that Gazans will have to be convinced to join a Palestinian state in Judea and Samaria exposes the lie at the heart of it . Since the League of Nations assigned both sides of the Jordan River to the Jewish people in 1922 , the international community has insisted that the path to peace will be forged by taking land from the Jews and giving it to the Arabs .
First we had a two-state solution when Jordan , with its overwhelming Palestinian majority , was carved out of the Jewish territory .
For the past 20 years , we have been told that we need a three-state solution with another Palestinian state in Judea , Samaria and Gaza .
Since the Israeli withdrawal from Gaza , we have had two Palestinian states – in Gaza and Jordan . And yet , the Gazans who we are told are motivated by nationalist aspirations have refused to declare an independent Palestinian state in Gaza . And now Obama is talking about a four-state solution – three Palestines and one rump Israel .
The Palestinians ' refusal to ever view the areas under their control as the focus of their nationalist aspirations indicates that there is something awry in the international community 's assumption that the Palestinians are motivated by nationalist aspirations . And that brings us to Obama 's projection that once the Gazans see how great things are in post-Israel Judea and Samaria , they will join the peace train . We 've been told things like this before .
In 1993 we were told that the Palestinians as a whole would embrace peace once Israel recognized the PLO and allowed it to set up an autonomous government in Judea , Samaria and Gaza . In the event , the Palestinians became more violent and radicalized and anti-Jewish under PLO rule , until in 2006 they elected Hamas to lead them .
In 2005 we were told that once Israel vacated Gaza , the Gazans would abandon their war against Israel and use their energies to transform Gaza into a Middle Eastern Singapore . Instead they transformed it into a Middle Eastern Afghanistan .
In 2007 , after Hamas ousted the PLO from Gaza , we were told that the international community would pour so much money into the PLO-run PA in Judea and Samaria that the Gazans would decide that they want the PLO back . Instead , Hamas has grown more popular in Judea and Samaria .
In other words , there is no reason to think Obama 's sunny projection is correct .
Clearly without meaning to , Obama told us the truth . There is no demographic time bomb . Israel has no reason to withdraw from Judea and Samaria . Absorbing the areas into sovereign Israel will not endanger the country demographically .
And the fact that the Gazans do not see themselves as part of a Palestinian state in Judea and Samaria , ( or in Jordan ) , shows that the Palestinian national movement is not what it has been billed as . Obama 's four-state solution is not about demography or Palestinian nationalism .
It is about making up reasons to force Israel to surrender its strategic and historic heartland .
Originally published in The Jerusalem Post .
A strange thing about being five years post-college– something like a French minor , which seemed like so much work at the time , is SO easy to forget . Like , poof , je me souviens de rien ! Or close to rien anyway . That does n't stymie my love of French culture and history though . I went to Paris for my honeymoon ( where I bought my first red lipstick ever ! La Roche-Posay Orange Laser ) and gorged myself on all of the history there . The Concierge was around the corner from the flat we were staying in , which was a royal palace used as a prison during the Revolution . We walked the Place de la Concorde , where the guillotine was erected during the Revolution and the streets ran with blood . One evening we drunkenly wandered by La Place de la Bastille and bought an absurd amount of candy from a street vendor… the same place where the Storming of la Bastille , another prison , basically started up the French Revolution . Though several years ago , I love reflecting on the sites of the French Revolution that I have visited , and pining for all of the cheese and wine I had . Oh Paris !
How is a bunch of random memories about French Revolution historical landmarks relevant to makeup , you ask ? Well , it 's all thanks to Andi , owner of Baroque Cosmetics , which opened up this past June . Them very first line was Viva La Revolution , a set of eight shadows celebrating the French Revolution ( which means , of course , I can wear my great Paris memories right on my face ) . They also have not one but TWO Miyazaki inspired collections : A Heart 's a Heavy Burden ( Howl 's Moving Castle ) and Always With Me ( Spirited Away ) . In addition to their shadows , they also have a line of blushes inspired by Art Nouveau artists ( including a yellow one for Klimpt ! ! ) . Andi was an INCREDIBLE sweetheart and recently gifted me with a beautiful pressed quad of four of their amazing shadows , including three from the Viva La Revolution collection and one from the A Heart 's a Heavy Burden collection . They did n't ask me to do this review ( so I hope it 's ok ! ) but I am really impressed with the shadows and want share swatches of these colors , because guys . GUYS . They are GORGEOUS .
Come in , child , come in…
The Palette
Is there any more perfect cover for this palette than fleur de lis ? ! For French Revolution shadows ? ? Aaaahhhhh…
Starting top left , clockwise : Good Doggy , Death of Marat , The Republic , and Versailles . I got too excited to use the palette and forgot to take pictures before I besmirched the beautiful pressed shadows , but it 's obviously been loved so far !
Swatches
Good Doggy is from the A Heart is a Heavy Burden collection , and is a luminous pale peach with a cold/coppery sheen to it . This shadow , like all of the shadows , had excellent pigmentation . In the swatches above , the shadow is applied over Urban Decay Primer Potion over the top half and Darling Girl Glitter Glue over the bottom half , and as you can see the shadow performed just as well without a sticky base . It also applied very smooth/creamy !
As a taupe addict , it should come as no surprise that I 've had one eye on Death of Marat since Baroque Cosmetics came out with the Viva La Revolution collection in June . It is described as a ‘ creamy oatmeal with a soft blue flash ' , and I would have to agree exactly with this description . Applied on the lid it looks quite silvery , with perhaps a slight bit of plum to it , which I think comes from the combo of the pale brown with the slight amount of blue . THIS SHADE IS SO BEAUTIFUL . I ca n't even begin , ugh . It also performed equally well over regular primer as it did over the sticky base .
Aw man , Versailles is STUNNING . I used this in my last post for the Cleopatra look , so you can already see how intense it can be when applied . It 's gold with a blackened base , and the color has a lot of personality to it . It 's quite regal and very shiny , like burnished gold . I think this perfectly embodies the opulence and grandeur that was Versailles at its height .
The Republic is a great foil to Versailles ! Though not matte by any means , the shimmer in this shadow is much more understated than the previous three . It is a darker , warm brown with what appears to me to be tones of gold and perhaps a little red . It blended very well with the others , and added a lot of dimension to the look .
Turn Around Time
I did not formally order from Andi , so I ca n't speak to turn around time from pressing send on an order to arrival , but I did receive my gorgeous little package four days after they messaged me about it . This is the same as their advertised turn around time in their shop ( 1-4 days ) , which is VERY fast for indies . Andi was super on top of their communication with me ( and an absolute sweetheart to boot ) , all of which leads me to feel confident that anyone ordering from Baroque Cosmetics could rely on receiving their package in a very timely manner , well packaged , and with terrific customer service .
The Look
Because I used Versailles in my Cleopatra look , I wanted to give the other three shadows a spin . I used Death of Marat on the center of the lid over just a little bit of NYX milk , Good Doggy just out from that , and The Republic on the inner and outer corners and slightly blown out on the crease . I also used Death of Marat and Good Doggy along the lower portion of the lid as well . All of the shadows are just applied over NARS Smudgeproof primer .
These shadows played super nicely with one another– they blended very easily , but were n't so soft that they instantly became muddy . I really like how the silver of Death of Marat contrasts with the peach of Good Doggy . Their pigmentation was excellent , even being fairly light colored shadows ( excepting The Republic , which also had excellent pigmentation ) . I love how luminous they all look– their shimmer is very fine and looks almost glowy .
This was a great opportunity to use my Notoriously Morbid One Helluva Lover lipcraft lip gloss from last month 's Vanishing Cabinet… UGH it is so beautiful ! ! I applied it over Sephora 's red nano lip liner ( a lip liner I am not super fond of , but it works well enough that I 'll use it until I ca n't anymore ) , just to give some definition to the outline of the lips . This gloss has some real lasting power . It 's three hours later after having eaten lunch and it 's still going strong ! ( Though not quite as glossy looking ) . This is my first experience with a Notoriously Morbid lip gloss and I am impressed . It is super pigmented and the formula is n't very sticky .
One Helluva Lover is a really terrific shade . Dramatic , really classic looking . I love you Frank N. Furter .
Fyrinnae Greek Goddess is making another appearance today– I ca n't get enough of this blush . I know that Fyrinnae 's cart is sometimes up and down and we 've all experienced website issues sometimes , but believe me folks , they are so worth it in exchange for the ability to use a blush as great as this one . It looks so insanely pink in the jar , but turns into the most beautiful flush .
Neutral eyes and bright red lips will always be a classic , but indies make it feel just that much better , I think !
Products
Palladio Herbal Foundation primer
Blackbird Cosmetics Magic Trick Super Powder in Green
Laura Mercier secret concealer in 01 and secret brightening powder
MUFE HD foundation in 110
MAC fluidline in Dipdown
Anastasia dipbrow in Auburn
L'Oréal voluminous lashes in brown/black
NARS smudgeproof eye primer
Baroque Cosmetics Good Doggy , Death of Marat , and The Republic
Fyrinnae Greek Goddess Blush
Pumpkin & Poppy oak bark contour powder
Sephora nano liner in red
Notoriously Morbid One Helluva Lover lipcraft lip gloss
Urban Decay All Nighter setting spray
Final Thoughts
First and foremost , I am VERY impressed with Baroque Cosmetic 's shadow pigmentation . I do n't use shadows without any sort of primer , but I do typically expect there to be a measurable difference between application over a regular primer and over a sticky base . All four of these shadows performed equally well over both , so much so that I did n't bother to use a sticky base in my actual look . I also appreciate that these colors are all neutrals to some degree , but they each are very unique . None of my other indie shadows are quite like Death of Marat , and though I own a lot of peach colors Good Doggy still sets itself apart with its strong copper undertones . I do have other golds and browns , but the blackened base of Versailles is very sophisticated and The Republic blended really well with the other shadows , which not all dark browns do . Looking over their other collections , I love that they have a range of neutrals and brighter colors to choose from– I think this gives options to everybody . The shadow quality is terrific and the forumulation is great !
For me , the person behind the company is also important , and Andi is a very thoughtful person and deserves to have that be known ! This shadow quad was a thank-you gift , for which I am immensely grateful , and think it 's important to note them generosity . Thank you again , Andi ! !
I am always enthusiastic about trying new companies , but it 's especially exciting when that company 's products are absolutely fantastic . Baroque Cosmetic shadows are $ 1.50/sample , $ 6/full size , with discounts when you buy full sets of either size . Blushes are $ 1.50/sample , $ 8/full size… I have my eye on those in particular , I think I 'll be picking up a sample set to try out ! I 'd Hate Toulouse You ( oh ho ho ho ) looks like it would be phenomenal for the Christmas season .
Your Turn
Have you had a chance to try Baroque Cosmetics yet ? If someone created another historical collection , what would call to you ?
Please note that this quad was provided to me as a gift , free of charge . This review was unsolicited and my opinions of the shadows provided in this blog post are unbiased , and have not been influenced by the providing shop , or any other parties .
Advertisements
Adrianne Palicki had one shot at superhero stardom on TV when they nabbed the lead role in a Wonder Woman pilot . That show never made it to series , however . But they ended up as a regular on the second season of Marvel 's Agents of SHIELD , and now she 's one of the two leads of the developing SHIELD spin-off series .
THR reports that the star characters will be the formerly-married and currently bickering Bobbi Morse , aka Mockingbird ( Palicki ) and Lance Hunter ( Nick Blood ) from the current season of Agents of SHIELD . The plot details are unknown , but with these two as leads , might the show be set up as a sort of Mr. and Mrs. Smith spin on the Marvel Universe ?
We do n't know what this show will be called , but it will not get a back-door pilot in the form of a current SHIELD episode . We do know that it comes from SHIELD exec producer Jeffrey Bell ( Angel , The X-Files ) and writer Paul Zbyszewski ( Lost ) .
The Wrap also says — potential spoilers here for the end of SHIELD season 2 — that “ the characters are ex spouses and have been involved in a storyline in which they share a secret plan involving Nick Fury 's toolbox , not yet revealed to the audience or other characters on the current season . ”
There 's also a new Marvel show in development at ABC , from 12 Years a Slave writer John Ridley . We do n't know what that series is , however — not even the character ( s ) that will anchor it . This spinoff is a separate thing , however .
Cirque du Solei is the most recent entertainment act to boycott North Carolina over a law passed in the state barring mentally ill men in dresses from peeing in front of your daughter in women 's restrooms .
CdS morally preens ans status whores about opposing “ discrimination in any form ” , ( really ? discrimination against necrophiliacs too ? ) , but as Breitbart points out , Cirque du Sogay has no plans to cancel its shows in the United Arab Emirates where open homosexuals are put to death .
Cirque du Sashay is one of many examples of shitlib virtue signaling , in which the conspicuous assertion and indulgence of virtuous feeling is more important than virtuous deed . Boycotting a state for an eminently reasonable law to prohibit cross-dressing men from women 's restrooms while continuing to do business in a country that would throw cross-dressing men off buildings to cheering crowds below is as little virtuous as it is greatly hypocritical . Donning a mantle of virtue to impress friends and win plaudits from similarly signaling virtuomos is not the same thing as actual virtue .
There are three psychological motivations compelling shitlib virtue signaling about tranny “ ” ” rights ” ” ” ( this bullet list can be applied to nearly every shitlib cause du jour ) .
1 . Shitlibs don ‘ t really believe Arabs ( or blacks/mestizos/gypsies/etc ) are as evolved , culturally or genetically , as Western Whites , and therefore ca n't be expected to adhere to Western morals . Shitlibs are in truth extremely racist and expect more from Whites and less from nonWhites , which is why they punish ( as they see it ) minor transgressions by BadWhites more severely than major transgressions by NuminousNonwhites .
2 . Shitlibs do n't really give a shit about tranny rights , they just want to act self-righteous and gain social status points with their amygdala-stunted SWPL peers . Their virtue , such as it is , is wholly self-aggrandizing in the pursuit of social benefits that will redound to their ( awkwardly androgynous ) reproductive fitness .
3 . Shitlibs are one group of Whites that hate another group of Whites , and their moral causes are merely weaponized rhetoric to lower the social standing of the enemy Whites best situated to be the group that ousts shitlibs from power . Virtue signaling thus accomplishes two fitness-maximizing tasks for the shitlib : raising their own social status and lowering the social status of their most immediate and capable competitors : nonshitlib Whites and shitlib Whites who may grow a pair and stray off the reservation ( taking many others with them to foment revolution against the reigning shitlib order ) . In this motivation , virtue signaling can as reasonably be called ‘ virtue warning ' .
As the scope of the battles in which shitlibs can morally posture shrinks , the ridiculousness of their causes approaches lunacy . We are reaching the logical end-game of shitlibbery , and it 's nothing less than wholesale normalization of mental illness . One can only guess what 's next on the shitlib plate , but advocacy for “ benign ” forms of pedophilia and bestiality are certainly a possibility .
For over twenty years our Party has carried on mass work every day , and for the past dozen years it has talked about the mass line every day . We have always maintained that the revolution must rely on the masses of the people , on everybody 's taking a hand , and have opposed relying merely on a few persons issuing orders . The mass line , however , is still not being thoroughly carried out in the work of some comrades ; they still rely solely on a handful of people working in solitude . One reason is that , whatever they do , they are always reluctant to explain it to the people they lead and that they do not understand why or how to give play to the initiative and creative energy of those they lead . Subjectively , they too want everyone to take a hand in the work , but they do not let other people know what is to be done or how to do it . That being the case , how can everyone be expected to get moving and how can anything be done well ? To solve this problem the basic thing is , of course , to carry out ideological education on the mass line , but at the same time we must teach these comrades many concrete methods of work.- Mao Zedong , A Talk to the Editorial Staff of the Shansi-Suiyuan Daily
Adherence to the practice of the mass line is one of the main reasons why Marxist-Leninist-Maoist led movements are having consistent success and growing in several countries . In the United States , many talk about the mass line , but do not apply it well , or at all . What is supposed to be mass work turns into its opposite . Mass work is something that draws in the broadest segments of the masses of people in a given area , and produces results in the form of a growing revolutionary movement , the isolation and repudiation of revisionist/reformist tactics and lines by the masses , and the growing of Marxist-Leninist-Maoist hegemony among the masses and entrenchment of our positions . Politics is a battle , warfare without bloodshed , thus , when we see revisionism or reformist tendencies rearing their heads and being smuggled into our movements , it is our job to wage war against it , in practice , among the masses . We need to not just polemicize and kvetch about Trotskyites and revisionists among each other , but show how we are better , make Maoism the dominant , hegemonic trend in this country , and make millions of Maoists . This can not be done without a firm grasp of the mass line ! As a result of this mishandling of things and turning of the mass line into a toy , the actually revolutionary Communist movement here is tiny and has very little prestige among the masses of people . If we are to have a proletarian revolution in this country , we must learn to rely solely on the masses , and we need to defeat revisionists and reformists in practice and out-organize them . At this stage , most “ Communist organizing ” is done by groups such as the PSL , the WWP , and Socialist Alternative , we can complain about them all we want , but they have tens of thousands of people out for their demonstrations , and their front groups/coalitions encompass and swallow up heavy struggles . The MLM movement does not have this power , but we desperately need it . This is , in major part , our fault . To rectify our shortcomings , we need to rectify our mass line and our mass work .
This piece includes a very good chart of errors and misconceptions when applying the mass line . The major error that many people in the First World commit is the sectarian-dogmatist error , believing that they have all the answers , making lines and determining things among themselves , usually informed by reading old material that has no relation to the concrete conditions of the United States , not doing any SICA ( Social Investigation and Class Analysis ) , and then carrying these lines to the masses . Spray-painting inaccessible slogans ( VICTORY TO PEOPLE 'S WAR IN PERU ! FREE CHAIRMAN GONZALO ! ) in neighborhoods where people are worried about being deported or having their Social Security benefits or wages cut , pushing ancient lines that you read in Peking Review or A World To Win about arcane issues that maybe only 50 people in this country care about , going into black and brown communities or meeting black and brown people to tell them what they need , disrespecting their already established mass leaders , making lines among yourselves and then trying to argue with them on their internal community affairs , not developing mass contacts , and other things of this nature may work and get you pats on the back among your small group of comrades , but they hold no weight among the masses of people . First , you have never taken the initiative to reach out to and establish mass contacts in communities that you seek to begin work in . You mistake the small segment or fraction of “ the masses ” that is even slightly interested in your ideas or lines for the masses as a whole , and proffer your skimpy mass contact for actual , deep mass engagement and investigation . In “ How to Fake the Mass Line “ , this is discussed and laid out in detail :
Once the line and immediate goals are firmly decided , the “ rationalization ” phase of the process can begin . Start by realizing that these ideas in your leaders minds must have come from someplace . Probably some of the masses must have talked to some of the group 's members , who have in turned occasionally passed some of this on to other members until some of it just might get to the top . Even if no attempt was made to encourage this and systematize it , this could still be considered the “ accidental mass line method ” . And in any case there are people among the masses who might already agree with these decisions of the top leaders . Yes , that 's it , these ideas must surely agree with those of some of the masses…If anyone disputes that your group uses the mass line , point out that if you have any followers among the masses at all , even just a tiny few , then this proves that some of the masses do agree with you , and these are the masses from whom you must have gotten the ideas for the line and policies in the first place…If anyone still doubts you , appeal to the necessity for your group to keep its decision-making procedures secret from the ruling class . Tell them that “ You 'll just have to take our word for it that we are really using the mass line. ” That should shut them up !
The Filipino movement is the most advanced in the world today , and their piece on Mass Work is something that Maoists need to read and know . They did n't unfold a mass New Democracy movement by not establishing deep and firm links with the masses , or being fools . It reads :
The first step in organizing the masses in the barrios , factories , communities , schools or offices , is to locate reliable contacts . Preliminary contacts may be products of mass work in other places , relatives , our friends or acquaintances , or those of other comrades , or those of the family of a comrade . Preliminary contacts may be formed into coordinating groups in order to carry out tasks collectively . As much as possible , the preliminary contacts must hail from the class or sector to which we are giving principal stress . They must be honest , have an excellent record of humanity , know a lot of people , and [ be ] enthusiastic in carrying out tasks . When in a barrio , strive to find contacts from the exploited peasants or rural workers . If there are none , the preliminary contacts may also hail from the middle forces . But at the earliest opportunity , we must allow those contacts who hail from the basic classes to emerge . Before we give them work , it is necessary to conduct a detailed investigation of the preliminary contacts , especially those who do not hail from the basic forces of the revolution .
This means , get to know people . Get to know one , get to know 10 or 20 . Strike up conversations with people . Go into churches , community centers , bars , get to know your co-workers , classmates , etc . If you 're a student at university , build up contacts among workers on your campus . Before you can organize a community , you need to have an in , you need to be known . Ask people what they care about , what 's affecting them . Find out what issues in the city are impacting them in a negative way , and what they think can be done to solve them . Get involved and be active in organic efforts launched by the masses themselves , whether it be an effort to help find missing Black women , or clean up trash off the streets , or curb violence in a neighborhood . Get into political discussions with people . Take notes . Some of what you hear may be advanced , some may be intermediate , some may be backwards , it does n't matter . The mass line requires input from the masses , some raw material may be good , some may be bad , that 's fine . A sectarian-dogmatist approach leads to isolation and alienation from the masses , this is currently where many US Maoists are . To build up , consolidate , and entrench the MLM movement in a particular area and win prestige among the masses , we need to do away with sectarianism and dogmatism , only speaking to other Maoists that agree with us , elitism , excessive formalism , and talking like Cultural Revolution era Chinese politicians . If we do not repudiate this trend , and reject arrogance and dogmatic posturing , we will continue to come up short and make embarrassing mistakes .
We also have bourgeois-populism in abundance , represented mainly by non-Maoist tendencies , usually Trotskyist . These groups cling to the legacy of Occupy and are more concerned about poaching other organizations ' members , getting as many of their professionally done signs on television or in the newspapers , elevating one or two members to the level of cult of personality * cough * Kshama Sawant * cough * , or being seen as “ the vanguard ” despite conducting little to no political development of people that join the organization , posing little to no militant opposition or threat to the ruling class , and using tired , incorrect slogans such as “ We are the 99 % ” . This is tailism , it falls behind the most advanced segments of the masses , who should be united with , and in the revolutionary movement it does an extreme disservice , it pulls us backwards into electoral efforts and engagement with the bourgeois system . Our job as Maoists is to struggle against this trend and use the mass line to destroy these trends and cast them out of the revolutionary movement . Engage the mass base of these types of organizations , but criticize and isolate their leadership . We must be pragmatic in that we must realize that our work requires nuance and correct handling of contradictions , not sowing and promoting antagonism for no reason or to posture , but we should not be so pragmatic that we lose our revolutionary essence and yield critical terrain to reformists and revisionists .
The work today in the United States that falls on us Maoists , to build a revolutionary party and revolutionary mass movement capable of destroying this empire and liberating those captured within its borders , is dependent upon our grasp of the mass line and mass work . Without realizing that the mass line requires going among the masses , collecting their scattered ideas among which correct ones can be found , analyzing them and synthesizing them into a concrete line using MLM , and then propagating these ideas far and wide among the masses through programs , demonstrations , and other tools , and that lines that we determine often must be tested in the hard school of practice , where they are often proven incorrect , in which case we must start all over again , we will never make revolution in this country . Make revolution . Use the mass line , not a parody of it .
Advertisements
Celebrating its 125th year , the University of California Marching Band epitomizes the spirit of our campus . Its anniversary means 125 years of home games , 125 years of rallies on Sproul Plaza and 125 Homecomings . Robert Calonico , Cal Band 's director since 1995 and the 1976 Cal Band student director , offered us some insight into what Homecoming means to him , how the traditions have changed and , ultimately , how Cal Band has been a vital piece to the Homecoming puzzle for more than a century .
The Daily Californian : When you were in band and in school , what did Homecoming , and the week leading up to it , look like ?
Robert Calonico : I think Big Game was always bigger . … There must have been Homecoming games , but I do n't remember it being a huge , big deal . ( There was a ) downturn in spirit and all that , the Greek system was just starting to come back after the ‘ 60s . It was , I do n't know , just a different time . I do n't remember things being super spirited . … I 'm sure we must have had it , but I do n't remember anything specifically .
DC : So would you say it has changed ?
RC : Yeah ! I think the success Jeff Tedford had with the football team , I think that changed everything . In the early 2000s , we were going to bowl games , and we had n't been to a bowl game in a long , long time , and then it became a yearly tradition . … When sports teams do well , people get excited . When Jeff started winning , that 's when that whole spirit thing started to come back . … Also , another thing I should say is that in the ‘ 70s , the football team was not great , it was n't until my last year that we were the co-champs , but even then we did n't really go anywhere .
DC : Would you say that our football team has a chance of winning this year ?
RC : I mean after ( the game against Texas ) , you listen to the prognosticators , and everybody was saying we were gon na get spanked , but we beat them ! The band director from Texas and I had a great conversation , we were on the sideline right before the game and I said , “ I do n't know what this game is gon na be like , we did n't have much of a defense. ” And they go , “ Yeah we do n't either , it could be a shootout. ” And , sure enough , that 's what it was . But , who knows ? They play the games . We could !
DC : Is band 's success dependent on the football team ?
RC : Band enrollment I think is dependent . You know , the team started to do a little better last year , we got some more exposure last year , and all those things contribute to more people wanting to be a part of the band . Plus , it 's a free ticket , I mean you have to do a lot of work to get that , but I do think the success of football increases our enrollment .
DC : Do you think Cal Band captures the spirit of California ?
RC : All the years of being here and playing for so many class reunions and meeting so many alums , I have literally had people come up to me from the ‘ 30s , ‘ 40s , ‘ 50s , and they shake my hand and they 're crying because we are a link to their youth . And as I 'm getting older — this is my 40th class reunion — seeing some of my friends last weekend … I get to rekindle some old friendships and see some old classmates . … As I get older , it starts to mean more . When I was just out of school , not so much , but I do think we do that for some alums . It 's a lot of memories to some good years in their lives . … College is a pretty special time for everybody .
Contact Gillian Perry at [ email protected ] and follow them on Twitter at @ malinisramaiyer .
Correction ( s ) :
A previous version of this article failed to disclose that the author , Gillian Perry , is a member of the University of California Marching Band .
The new and improved Big Tex was supposed to be unveiled on Friday , but the 55-foot tall state fair ambassador was revealed a day early because wind was playing havoc on the draping that was keeping them hidden from view . ( Published Thursday , Sept. 26 , 2013 )
The new and improved Big Tex was supposed to make their big debut on the State Fair of Texas ' opening day , but Mother Nature had other ideas .
`` Unfortunately , the wind has picked up speed and is negatively impacting the curtain that has been hoisted in place to shield them from public view , '' fair spokesperson Sue Gooding wrote in a news release .
Their reveal came as a surprise to those working at Fair Park .
`` We were surprised , '' said D.J . Thomas , an electrician . `` We were trying to figure out when they [ were ] going to unveil him . The helicopters kept swirling , and we were working over in automobile building . ''
Big Tex Makes State Fair Debut , One Day Early
The new and improved Big Tex was supposed to be unveiled on Friday , but the 55-foot tall state fair ambassador was revealed a day early because wind was playing havoc on the draping that was keeping them hidden from view . ( Published Thursday , Sept. 26 , 2013 )
`` I 'm elated , '' said Karla Ward , who will be working at a concession booth . `` I 'm fascinated , I 'm excited , I ca n't explain it -- I ca n't believe we 're seeing it . ''
Chopper 5 had already caught a sneak peek of Big Tex when it flew over Fair Park earlier Thursday . Their cowboy hat , part of their face and their red , white and blue shirt could be seen .
Big Tex is bigger and better than ever . They weigh 19,000 pounds more , bringing them to 25,000 pounds . He 's 3 feet taller and now stands 55 feet tall . Big Tex can also withstand 100 mph winds , making them ready for any Texas weather .
Big Tex 's Big Reveal a Day Early
Big Tex was supposed to be revealed Friday afternoon but high winds forced the State Fair of Texas to drop the cover on the fair icon a day early . ( Published Thursday , Sept. 26 , 2013 )
Their new duds created by Dickies and a smart pair of boots from Lucchese instantly drew attention . The boots are decorated with artwork , including designs of the Texas and American flags , the State Capitol , bluebonnets , longhorns and other Lone Star State-inspired icons seen on the sides .
But not everyone was excited about their new look .
`` He looks awful , '' Thomas said . `` Three chins , evil brows , they look confused , like , 'Huh ? ' That 's what I think . ''
Big Tex Gets New Duds From Dickies
Misty Ott of Dickies talks about the new clothing the new and improved Big Tex will be wearing when they make their State Fair of Texas debut on Friday , Sept. 25 , 2013 . ( Published Tuesday , Aug. 26 , 2014 )
Now the big question remains : What will Big Tex sound like ? State Fair fans will have to wait until Friday to find that out .
Bill Bragg , the longtime voice for Big Tex , was let go by the fair earlier this year . Bragg stopped by Big Tex Circle to see what the rebuilt version on Thursday .
`` For me the worst part of [ not being here ] is missing you guys , all you guys out here on the midway , '' Bragg said to two women who approached him . `` Because I love you with all my heart and soul and I 'm gon na be missing you and thinking about you every day during the fair . ''
Bragg told NBC 5 they do not know who their replacement will be , but that they wish them luck . They said he 'd be willing to give some pointers to whomever the fair has chosen .
A fire destroyed the old Big Tex near the end of the 2012 State Fair of Texas , while the fair was celebrating the iconic cowboy 's 60th birthday .
Big Tex 's 75-gallon hat , 50-pound belt buckle and slow drawl -- `` Howdy , folks ! '' -- had been greeting fair visitors since 1952 .
NBC DFW 's Ray Villeda and Ben Russell contributed to this report .
Are you ready for Jounouchi Fire and Ago ! ? or for our dub followers , some freakin ' good Brooklyn Rage ?
Jounouchi Katsuya / Joey Wheeler is the pack cover !
Red-Eyes Slash Dragon
Level 7 DARK Dragon-Type Fusion Effect Monster
ATK 2800
DEF 2400
“ Red-Eyes B. Dragon ” + 1 Warrior-Type monster
( 1 ) When a “ Red-Eyes ” monster declares an attack : You can target 1 Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard ; equip it to this card as an Equip Card with this effect .
• The equipped monster gains 200 ATK .
( 2 ) During either player 's turn , when the effect of a card that targets a card you control is activated : You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the Graveyard ; negate that activation , and if you do , destroy it .
( 3 ) If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect : Special Summon from your Graveyard as many monsters that were equipped to this card as possible .
Red-Eyes Baby Dragon
Level 3 DARK Dragon-Type Effect Monster
ATK 1200
DEF 700
( 1 ) When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard : You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower “ Red-Eyes ” monster from your Deck , and if you do , equip this card as an Equip Card from your Graveyard to that monster with this effect .
• It gains 300 ATK .
( 2 ) If this card that was equipped to a monster is sent to the Graveyard : You can add 1 Level 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Red-Eyes Metal Knight Gearfried
Level 4 DARK Warrior-Type Effect Monster
ATK 1800
DEF 1600
( 1 ) Once per turn , if this card is equipped by an Equip Card : You can destroy that Equip Card , then you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls .
( 2 ) Once per turn : You can send 1 Equip Card you control that is equipped to this card to the Graveyard , then target 1 Level 7 or lower “ Red-Eyes ” monster in your Graveyard ; Special Summon it .
Kusari tsuki Red-Eyes Fang / Red-Eyes Fang with Chain
Normal Trap Card
( 1 ) Target 1 “ Red-Eyes ” monster you control ; equip this card to that target . It can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase .
( 2 ) You can send this equipped card to the Graveyard , then target 1 Effect Monster on the field ; equip it to the monster this card was equipped to . While equipped with this effect , that monster 's ATK and DEF becomes the same as the monster equipped to it .
Amazoness Princess
Level 3 EARTH Warrior-Type Effect Monster
ATK 1200
DEF 900
You can only use this card name 's ( 2 ) effect once per turn .
( 1 ) This card 's name becomes “ Amazoness Queen ” while on the field and in the Graveyard .
( 2 ) If this card is Normal or Special Summoned : You can add 1 “ Amazoness ” Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand .
( 3 ) When this card declares an attack : You can send 1 other card you control or have in your hand to the Graveyard ; Special Summon 1 “ Amazoness ” monster from your Deck in Defense Position , except “ Amazoness Princess ” .
Amazoness Pet Baby Tiger
Level 2 EARTH Beast-Type Effect Monster
ATK 500
DEF 500
You can only use this card name 's ( 2 ) effect once per turn .
( 1 ) This card 's name becomes “ Amazoness Tiger ” while on the field or in the Graveyard .
( 2 ) If an “ Amazoness ” monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your field , if this card is in your hand or Graveyard : Special Summon this card .
( 3 ) This card gains 100 ATK for each “ Amazoness ” card in your Graveyard .
Amazoness Call
Quick-Play Spell Card
You can only activate 1 card with this card 's name per turn .
( 1 ) Take 1 “ Amazoness ” card from your Deck , except “ Amazoness Call ” , and either add it to your hand or send it to the Graveyard .
( 2 ) You can banish this card from your Graveyard , then target 1 “ Amazoness ” monster you control ; during this turn , other monsters you control can not attack , that target can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each .
Amazoness no Kyuushuu / Amazoness Ambush
Continuous Trap Card
( 1 ) Once per turn , during either player 's Battle Phase : You can Special Summon 1 “ Amazoness ” monster from your hand , but it gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn .
( 2 ) After damage calculation , when an “ Amazoness ” monster you control battled an opponent 's monster : You can banish that opponent 's monster .
( 3 ) If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard : You can target 1 “ Amazoness ” monster in your Graveyard ; Special Summon it .
Jousai Kujira / Stronghold Whale
Level 7 WATER Fish-Type Effect Monster
ATK 2350
DEF 2150
You can only use this card name 's ( 1 ) effect once per turn .
( 1 ) If this card is in your hand or Graveyard : You can Tribute 2 WATER monsters ; Special Summon this card .
( 2 ) If this card is Special Summoned : You can Set 1 “ Sea Stealth Attack ” directly from your Deck to your field .
( 3 ) Once per turn , during either player 's turn , when an opponent 's card or effect that targets exactly 1 WATER monster you control ( and no others ) is activated : You can negate that activation , and if you do , destroy it .
Densetsu no Fisherman Nisei / The Legendary Fisherman II
Level 5 WATER Warrior-Type Effect Monster
ATK 2200
DEF 1800
( 1 ) This card 's name becomes “ The Legendary Fisherman ” while on the field or in the Graveyard .
( 2 ) While “ Umi ” is on the field , this card is unaffected by other monsters ' effects .
( 3 ) If this face-up card leaves the field by an opponent 's card effect , or if it is destroyed by battle : You can add 1 Level 7 WATER monster from your Deck to your hand .
Leviathan no Ikari / Rage of Kairyun-Shin
Quick-Play Spell Card
You can only activate 1 card with this card 's name per turn .
( 1 ) If “ Umi ” is on the field : Target a number of monsters your opponent controls , up to the number of WATER monsters you control whose original Level is 5 or higher ; destroy as many of them as possible , and if you do , those Monster Zones can not be used until the end of next turn .
Sea Stealth Attack
Continuous Trap Card
( 1 ) When this card is activated : You can activate 1 “ Umi ” from your hand or Graveyard .
( 2 ) If “ Umi ” is face-up , this card gains these effects .
• Once per turn : You can banish 1 WATER monster you control until the End Phase ; during this turn , face-up Spell/Trap Cards you control can not be destroyed by your opponent 's card effects .
• At the start of the Damage Step , if a WATER monster you control whose original Level is 5 or higher battles an opponent 's monster : Destroy that opponent 's monster .
MIT first-year student Kai Kloepfer is developing smart-gun technology that could save thousands of lives , so why are critics blocking it ?
No one can deny the critical role technology plays in the everyday lives of people , as it is practically everywhere : at your job , on your campus and certainly in your house . Most devices these days are guarded by passwords which , when entered incorrectly , ask personal questions concerning the individual who owns the device . The security feature makes hacking all the more difficult , though , even if there is a security breach , there are dozens resources users can turn to in order to restore that safety . Safety , therefore , has become the primary characteristic the technological era has afforded users .
The advancement of security , and the ease-of-mind that it has provided smart phone users , is a prime example of safety technology , an umbrella term used for devices that protect their users . Yet , as recently as 2002 , safety technology has taken on a completely different definition .
The term began its association with the right to bear arms around 2003 , though it also included non-lethal self-defense devices such as tasers and hidden surveillance cameras . The phrase “ smart technology ” later became associated almost exclusively with smart guns , a type of firearm that has been programmed to shoot only when handled by the authorized owner .
Although there are plenty of other types of smart guns that date back to the 1970s , both the means of production and the producer themselves have helped make Kai Kloepfer 's weapon revolutionary .
Though Kloepfer is now a nineteen-year-old first-year student at MIT , they originally began working on the safety gun for a science fair while they were a first-year student in high school .
Kloepfer 's still-evolving smart gun prototype functions much like regular guns do , with one huge difference—there will be a fingerprint-recognition scanner on the handle . As a result , only the owner would be able to shoot and pull the trigger , meaning that even if the gun falls into the wrong hands , it would be impossible to use .
“ This means that unauthorized people—such as children finding a firearm in their house , or teenagers looking to commit suicide—are unable to access firearms that are owned by other people such as their parents , ” Kloepfer told CBS News in an interview .
The prototype even charges like a smart phone , with a cable and an outlet , making the gun 's care fairly easy .
Kloepfer believes that the responses he 's received in regards to the smart gun have been favorable . Indeed , Nicholas Kristof , a writer for “ The New York Times ” contributed a positive review of the idea in 2015 .
“ A child ca n't fire the gun . Neither can a thief—important here in a country in which more than 150,000 guns are stolen annually , ” Kristof wrote in the “ Sunday Review . ”
When asked about their dedication to the creation of the smart gun prototype , Kloepfer cites the shooting that took place in a movie theater at Aurora , Colorado , in July 2012 . Kloepfer was only fifteen-years-old at the time , and the fact that they lived only forty-five minutes away left them thinking that they could have easily been a target . They claim that it 's this feeling of insecurity that prompts people into action .
Coni Sanders , a forensic therapist , agrees full-heartedly that losing , or nearly losing , someone to firearms violence motivates people to involve themselves with gun safety . They claim that those who do not support the smart gun going into the market simply have not felt that fear or loss . Sanders knows the feeling well herself , as their father was gunned down while teaching at Columbine High School .
“ My father was a teacher for twenty-five years . They were a coach . They were a dad and they were a husband . It was unbelievable , that kind of pain . People ca n't understand . If they did understand , they 'd be doing things differently , ” Sanders said to UPROXX .
However , there are those who question whether the good intentions of such a young and inexperienced student will actually help .
Jared Campbell , a former marine and operations manager at the Family Shooting Center in Colorado , does n't see Kloepfer 's smart gun as the most useful tool .
“ It 's not useful . Everyone in the army uses gloves . It 's mandatory to . Another experience from overseas , I did n't always shoot with a nice , high proper grip . There are just so many unknown variables when it comes to combat , ” Campbell shared with UPROXX . “ With technology , there 's always an issue of reliability . With guns , failure is not an option . ”
This could be the reason why Kloepfer has taken more than four years to attach a fingerprint recognition scanner on a gun .
“ Why did it take four-and-a-half years to put a fingerprint reader on the side of a gun ? ” CBS News correspont Tony Dokoupil asked Kloepfer .
“ Well , it 's not as simple of a process as you might imagine , ” they replied . “ It 's also not something anybody has ever done before . ”
There can be nothing truer than that . Since the 1970s , no one has created the gun Kloepfer has developed , though many have tried ; while prototypes have been made , all have failed in test runs . The one smart gun that did work , the Armatix iP1 , which requires being in close proximity to the electronic chip installed in the accompanying wristwatch , was forced to disappear from the market .
Out of a fear of having their Second Amendment rights violated , pro-gun activists went as far as to threaten a gun dealer in Maryland who had the nation 's first Armatix iP1 guns on shelves . The event has left gun-control advocates unsure about taking the smart gun into legislature , and has instilled doubts about how the country will react to the incorporation of smart guns into the market .
In particular , the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) is cautious about what implications the supposedly-safe gun could present . Of all the states in America , only New Jersey has unequivocally shown support for bringing the safe gun to market . Their Childproof Handgun Act stipulates that after smart guns have entered the market and remained on shelves for a minimum of three years , they will then become mandatory .
The campaign was deemed a battle for the NRA , one that has been resolved through compromise . The New Jersey senate majority leader , Loretta Weinberg , promises to repeal the law if the NRA halts all future interferences in the selling of smart guns .
“ If , in fact , they [ the NRA ] would get out of the way of preventing the research , development , manufacture , distribution and sale [ of smart guns ] , I would move to repeal this law in the state of New Jersey , ” Weinberg said in an interview with MSNBC 's Chris Hayes .
Today , firearms proponents and critics are still embroiled in debate about Kloepfer 's smart gun , which they have deemed “ relatively reliable . ”
Can the weapon 's increased safety convince gun owners to adopt a weapon that is inconsistent , requires a small delay to recognize the fingerprint before shooting and disregards combat variables ? What if doing so eliminated the 700-800 deaths that occur annually from accidental shootings ? What 's more important ?
* Update : The article has been amended to reflect that 700-800 deaths occur annually from accidental shootings . *
We 've Hit Peak Blockchain Hype , Says New Report
According to the latest Gartner Hype Cycle report , Blockchain technology is just about at the Peak of Inflated Expectations . Meanwhile , cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and related businesses like exchanges are further ahead in the Trough of Disillusionment .
Also Read : Ernst & Young Report : Prepare For Blockchain ‘ Critical Mass '
Peak Blockchain ?
Gartner has recently released its report Hype Cycle for Emerging Technologies , 2016 , which states that blockchain technology is at the peak of inflated expectations . The Connecticut-based firm is one of the leading data and research providers when it comes to information technology ( IT ) . It provides research and advisory in regards to maturity , adoption , and real world application of new technologies .
The Hype Cycle explains that blockchain tech is 5 to 10 years away from reaching critical mass . This coincides with many other reports from the likes of Accenture and EY that also advise businesses to prepare for mainstream adoption . The Gartner Hype Cycle is a graphical presentation of emerging technologies passing through five phases .
The five phases include the Technology Trigger , which is an introduction to the innovation . The second Peak of Inflated Expectations phase is where blockchain technology is currently at . It also includes other promising technology such as smart robots and the smart home . But while this stage can produce success stories , it is also not uncommon to see a lot of hype result in vaporware and disappointment .
The third Trough of Disillusionment phase is where cryptocurrencies are currently at , according to the report . This phase is a big shake out period in which many that do n't produce begin to fail , leaving only the cream of the crop .
Last year , cryptocurrencies and associated exchanges were at the Peak of Inflated Expectations . In 2016 , the technology has moved into a tougher phase where many companies will fall by the wayside . Brian Forde , Founding Director of Digital Currency Initiative at MIT Media Lab is pleased Bitcoin has passed the peak period and now rests in the Disillusionment phase . Forde explains :
From my perspective , we 've hit the top of the peak of inflated expectations for bitcoin , and we 're now starting to slide down the trough of disillusionment which is a good thing because it means we 're moving closer to the slope of enlightenment.— I think this is healthy . There has been such an intense focus on the incredibly important bitcoin scalability debate that it ends up sucking all the air out of the room for other conversations . That said , the trough of disillusionment allows developers , startups and academics to focus on their code , companies and research with fewer distractions as they blaze the trail to the slope of enlightenment .
Blockchain & Crypto Will Be Mainstream in 5-10 Years
The next stages include the Slope of Enlightenment and the Plateau of Productivity . These two periods equal to significant real-world growth : mass adoption begins and the technology 's potential are realized . Some technologies currently in the Enlightenment and Productivity phases include virtual reality with augmented reality trailing not too far behind .
The Gartner Hype Cycle report for emerging technology believes it provides insight and cross-industry perspective to the latest innovations entering the world economy . It researches “ over 2,000 technologies into a succinct set of must-know emerging technologies and trends that will have the single greatest impact on an organization 's strategic planning , ” says Mike J. Walker , research director at Gartner . They add :
This Hype Cycle specifically focuses on the set of technologies that is showing promise in delivering a high degree of competitive advantage over the next five to 10 years .
What do you think about the blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies placements in the Gartner Hype Cycle 2016 ? Let us know in the comments below .
Images courtesy of Gartner Inc. , and Shutterstock
Do you like to discuss , debate or talk about Bitcoin ? If so you should check out our forum for a wide range of conversations about Bitcoin , blockchain and decentralized technologies .
The papers show that through the use of drugs , hypnosis and electric shock , CIA operatives inflicted multiple personality disorder ( MPD ) on those participating in the experiments . Manchurian Candidates Declassified documents reveal evidence of secret mind control programs carried out by the CIA . The CIA documents detail controversial mind control experiments that took place during top secret government-sponsored programs.The papers show that through the use of drugs , hypnosis and electric shock , CIA operatives inflicted multiple personality disorder ( MPD ) on those participating in the experiments . The CIA 's top-secret programs successfully produced ‘ super spies ' , known as Manchurian Candidates . These individuals were programmed to conduct terrorist acts , assassinations and sexual favors , without being consciously aware of what they were doing . The classification of these mind control archive documents were made in response to Freedom of Information Act request to the CIA . There is a total of 1,778 documents in the mind control archive . Most of the documents date to the 1950s and 60s and were not released to the public for so-called ‘ national security ' reasons . What 's particularly worrying is the fact , as ( 1 ) Want To Know points out , the documents on sexual abuse are noticeably absent from the 20,000 pages of declassified CIA mind control documents .
Sexual Abuse Documents Missing Despite the papers on sexual abuse being markedly hidden from the CIA 's declassified archive , reports have emerged about despicable acts carried out by the CIA . One particularly disturbing case is highlighted in an ( 2 ) article by Jon Rappoport , about the CIA Experiments with Mind Control on Children . The article describes how children were exploited for drug trafficking , sex , blackmail , hunting , snuff movies , and more . According to Jon Rappoport , the “ CIA 's mind-control apparatus has been well-known since 1975 ” . In this year , ten boxes of documents were released following Freedom of Information Act requests . The scandal became known as MK-ULTRA . As ( 2 ) Top Secret Writers reported in 2015 , MK-ULTRA is a program that involved the use of the LSD drug on unsuspecting military and civilians in the United States . The experiments involved LSD being given to the subjects under duress as a form of brainwashing and truth finding .
Use of Drugs on Victims The objective of these awful experiments was to identify a drug that would either wipe a victim 's mind clean , reveal deep confessions , or program the victim as a ‘ robot agent ' . Under bright lights and high on acid , the subjects would be interrogated as doctors took notes . The subjects were threatened that they would be given more ‘ downer trips ' if they refused to confess to military secrets . Several deaths and long-term disablement was a result of the atrocious experiments carried out by CIA personnel and U.S. military . However , as Rappoport says in their article : “ None of this prepared people for the explosive testimony made on March 15 , 1995 , in Washington , D.C. , before the President 's Committee on Radiation. ” During the Committee , Valerie Wolf , a therapist from New Orleans , introduced two patients of hers , who had admitted to being involved in the CIA brainwashing programs . At the time of the brainwashing experiments , the patients had been children , one as young as seven . Rappoport states that the brainwashing atrocities included torture , rape , powerful drugs , electroshock , death threats and hypnosis . The victims testified that the CIA had also induced them to a state of amnesia , in order to stop them from remembering the terrifying experiments .
Memories Were Not Under Hypnosis According to Wolf and their patients , the victims had remembered the CIA brainwashing sessions by themselves , without having to go through hypnosis or regression techniques . Jon Rappoport says they have access to many of the pages that were submitted to the Committee , many of which will “ likely never be released as part of their [ CIA ] final report. ” From what Rappoport discovered , many children from America , South America and Mexico , were exploited over a 40-year period , beginning around 1948 . During these four-decades , the child subjects were trained as sex agents , often tasked with blackmailing prominent American figures , including business people , politicians and educators . According to Rappoport 's article , eventually some of the centres where children were forced to become sex agents got so out of control they became “ CIA-operated sex rings . ”
Some of the children were even considered expendable and consequently murdered . What are your thoughts on the sickening brainwashing experiments carried out by the CIA in the 50s and 60s ? We would love to hear our readers ' thoughts on the controversial MK-ULTRA program . References & Image Credits :
( 1 ) Want To know
( 2 ) Top Secret Writers
( 3 ) Cathy Fox
Originally published on TopSecretWriters.com
Wells Fargo started demanding fraud of its employees in 1998 ; Illinois cuts Wells off from state business
Wells Fargo made a habit of firing employees who did n't make unrealistic sales targets , turning a blind eye to the fraud they had to commit in order to keep their jobs ( and firing the whistleblowers who reported the fraud ) .
The bank says that this business only dates back to 2011 , or possibly 2009 , despite the bank officers who started blowing the whistle in 2007 and earlier .
Now , an investigative report from Public Citizen examined the bank 's own investor releases and found that the crazy sales-quotas ( 8 `` financial products '' per customer '' ) and insane pressure to meet them ( daily , per-employee reports on the number of financial products sold to Wells customers ) began no later than 1998 , meaning that the bank 's internal fraud investigation should stretch back , at a minimum , 18 years .
Despite the wrist-slap the bank got from its regulator for opening 2,000,000 fake accounts in its customers ' names , things are not going well for the firm . On Thursday , the California treasury cut Wells off from the state 's prodigious business : the $ 50B in bonds it 's issued so far in 2016 ; the $ 75B it has under management ; and the $ 2T worth of annual transactions undertaken by the largest state in the union .
Illinois is no California in terms of financial muscle , but it bodes very badly for Wells Fargo that the Illinois treasurer has followed their California counterpart 's lead and suspended Wells from the list of Illinois suppliers for a year . Connecticut has n't gone that far , but it did take Wells out of the running for a major bond issue and gave the business to Morgan Stanley .
Alaska and Oregon remain committed to giving Wells the people 's money to handle , but it 's hard to imagine that position holding for much longer . It 's a nice reminder of the upside of relative autonomy by state governments in the USA : when the feds hand out tiny penalties , the states can hand out whuppings .
“ We certainly understand the concerns that have been raised , ” said Gabriel Boehmer , a spokesperson for Wells Fargo . “ We are very sorry and take full responsibility for the incidents in our retail bank . We have already taken important steps , and will continue to do so , to address these issues and rebuild trust with the State of Illinois . ”
Photographer : Scott Eells/Bloomberg
Illinois to Suspend Wells Fargo From Bond , Investing Work [ Katherine Greifeld and Elizabeth Campbell/Bloomberg ]
The “ King of Cross-Sell ” and the Race to Eight
An Analysis of Wells Fargo 's Cross-Sell Numbers Since 1998 [ Michael Tanglis and Taylor Lincoln/Public Citizen ]
Follow The Daily Ticker on Facebook !
One of the biggest economic problems in the United States right now is the growing disparity between rich and poor .
And one of the factors that is exacerbating that problem is the loss of good-paying middle-class jobs , which have been replaced by low-paying retail and service jobs .
Retail employees at Walmart ( WMT ) , for example , make about $ 12 an hour , a wage that leaves full-time employees at one of the most successful companies in the world earning a salary that is close to the poverty line . And given the number of Americans employed in these jobs -- Walmart alone employs about 1.4 million Americans , or about 1 % of the adult workforce -- the low wages reduce consumer spending power across the economy as a whole .
One big successful retailer that pays better than Walmart is Whole Foods ( WFM ) .
Walter Robb , Whole Foods ' co-CEO , says the company 's `` Team Members '' make an average of $ 15 an hour . The majority of them also get benefits and stock options , which many retail employees do n't .
This wage is more than double the national minimum wage , but it still amounts to just north of $ 30,000 a year , a salary that is very hard to support a family on in many parts of the country . Robb is proud that Whole Foods pays its employees more than it has to , and they say this helps reduce turnover and makes Whole Foods a much better company . They also say they wish the company could pay its employees even more .
Unlike the big manufacturing companies that provided many middle-class jobs a few decades ago , the employees at Whole Foods , Walmart , and other big retailers do not have unions , which may contribute to the relatively low wages they are paid . ( Importantly , this is not a `` skill '' issue . Plenty of these jobs require just as much skill as operating a particular machine on an assembly line . ) For understandable reasons , these big companies are opposed to unions , and Whole Foods , at least , is trying to treat its employees well enough that they do n't feel the need to unionize .
Specifically , Whole Foods is trying to practice a philosophy it calls `` conscious capitalism '' in which the interests of three different groups of `` stakeholders '' in a company are balanced : shareholders , customers , and employees . In many companies , the emphasis is almost entirely on the interests of shareholders and customers , with employees viewed as a `` production cost . '' The problem with the latter philosophy is that , while it may produce short-term profit gains , it ultimately hurts the entire economy . This is because the most important customers in the economy , the hundreds of millions of mass-market consumers who work as employees , get starved of wages that would otherwise quickly be turned into purchasing power and , thereby , revenue for other companies .
Whole Foods ' philosophy is one that many more American corporations need to adopt if the U.S. economy is to become strong again . Even Whole Foods has a ways to go , obviously -- $ 15-an-hour jobs wo n't create that much purchasing power -- but the company 's attitude is much healthier and sustainable than that of many other American corporations .
SEE ALSO : Here 's How American Companies Can Fix The U.S. Economy .
More from The Daily Ticker
Bernanke 's Bazooka : Open-Ended QE3 Is `` Very Aggressive ''
Higher Wages Are The Key to Rebuilding the American Dream : Pulitzer-Prize Winning Reporter
Fed Policy 'Turned Financial Markets Into a Casino ' : David Stockman Says 'No ' to QE3
The New Tycoons : How Private Equity Owns the World
Later this summer , the transport will/wont be thrown into chaos as unlimited hordes of people visit the city during the Olympics , and it is interesting to ponder how we will all cope with the dramatic changes .
There has been a lot of reporting in the media about what sort of impact the Olympics will have on the transport network , some of it accurate , and some rather more doom laden predications from some quarters .
A couple of weeks ago , a few writers were invited in to hear TfL 's side of the story .
One of the more unusual aspects of London 2012 is that the sporting events are taking place in London . No , that is actually unusual – as most host cities tend to put the Olympics on the edge of town , but London has major events in Westminster and Wembley – not to mention the Stratford megalopolis , which itself is fairly close to the edge of the City of London .
Despite that , TfL expects that 70 % of the roads and 65 % of the tube stations will be unaffected by the Olympics . However , the remaining network is undeniably going to be stressed as it has never been before .
The big issue is not just the sheer crowd sizes , but also what if ( or should that be , when ? ) something goes wrong . As it happens , London is actually quite lucky in this regard , as most of the venues have alternative escape routes . Stratford especially is well provisioned with multiple different rail services .
A 136 page PowerPoint presentation went through the issues – and I must confess that I do find town planning and the sort of strategic thinking that goes into big events to be quite fascinating , especially as the data can throw up surprising facts .
The Tube
Any failures on the tube will almost certainly be the major headline event of the Olympics in terms of transport – simply because it transports so many people so quickly , and vast crowds outside tube stations will always be more photogenic than a small crowd waiting for a late bus .
As I presume most of us are aware now , all engineering works will be suspended during the Olympics . That will in fact cause a bit of a backlog of routine work after the Olympics , but fear not , they do n't plan to have a big splurge of track closures the minute the athletes have gone home .
If nothing else , the tube staff are going to be tired from the extra effort that might be needed at times to cope with the crowds , and could do with a bit of a break . So Londoners are likely to see a slight breather as well in large scale engineering works after the Olympics .
Obviously , there are tales of woe about the reliability of the tube , and myself living along the Jubilee Line have had to put up with years of disruption as signalling upgrades are carried out .
Surprisingly though , reliability is improving ( click on images for larger versions ) .
The Jubilee Line which is likely to carry most of the regular traffic will be running with 30 trains per hour by the Olympics – up from 27 at the moment – and they expect to hit 32 trains per hour at times .
You may have seen scary looking charts that show the impact the Olympics will have on individual stations – and the impact that hoped for mitigation techniques will have .
The biggest transformation seems likely at Canary Wharf . From TfL 's perspective , it has been a lot easier to deal with the big firms in docklands as they have dedicated “ business continuity managers ” who are dedicated to keeping their companies running during bad times .
The biggest headache it seems would be the smaller firms where Olympic planning is another task for an already busy manager to cope with .
This is an area where it is the employees who can probably apply the greatest pressure on the boss to think about the issue – as it is they who will be setting the alarm half an hour earlier in the morning to get to work on time , if the boss does n't find a way of enabling flexible working or working from home a bit during the Olympics .
I bet though that we 'll still have firms waking up the Monday after the opening ceremony and wondering why no one told them the city might be a bit busier !
Then again , one piece of widely reported advice to cope with the additional crowds in some places was for Londoners to go to the pub for a pint while waiting for the crowds to dissipate .
Oh , and in summary – avoid Bank . And no , you ca n't sneak in via Monument !
The roads
I am no expert on roads , other than to walk beside them as a pedestrian , so the impacts here are something I ca n't really quantify .
The Olympic Route Network ( ORN ) is the most controversial aspect of the plans , although our briefing was at pains to dispel some of the myths about the facility .
Certainly , the lines will be primarily used by people working in the Olympics ( and competing ) and only if capacity is available , would it be used by sponsors and IOC members .
From the perspective of the people involved in the Olympics , the ORN is not there to speed their people past fuming Londoners .
Apparently , previous Olympics have had problems with officials being delayed between venues , so since Sydney , cities are required to guarantee transport reliability . That is why the ORN exists – to get officials there on time , not get them there faster .
The notorious “ Games Lanes ” that will be exclusive to the Olympics users will comprise 0.3 % of London 's roads – albeit rather important ones . There will also be a range of variable road signs so when the ORN is n't needed , then it can be reopened to the general public .
However , there is no denying that it will be a segregated lane , and unauthorised users will be fined – probably heavily . Unavoidable usage – such as broken down vehicles are likely to be looked at sympathetically , but nothing is being set in stone .
TfL 's perspective is that if fines are handed out then something went wrong with how they told people to avoid the lanes .
There is also the topic of utilities . A company wanting to dig up part of the ORN to lay fibreoptic cables is n't going to get far . However , if a water mains bursts , then – depending on the size of the problem – they will be allowed in to do repairs . There may however be times when a utility is cut off until the ORN is less busy .
I look forward to the first “ Family nearly dies of dehydration after water cut off for 30 minutes by Olympics ” headline in a suitable tabloid newspaper .
Local residents around Olympic venues will also be affected , with parking controls coming into force at times . To be honest , most of the maps they showed us were confusing , even to this map geek , but they assured us that simpler more user friendly maps will be produced closer to the date .
Some quite fascinating heat maps exist that predict on a day by day basis where they expect the worst road traffic hotspots to crop up as different events take place around London .
Of course , the bulk of London 's road traffic is actually tradesmen carrying out their daily duties . There have been tests in various locations of encouraging deliveries away from the peak hours – some of which have worked . Part of the legacy could be a shift in how deliveries are made , and what time of day they are carried out . No one really wants to be woken up at 3am by a delivery lorry , but it ca n't be denied that roads are empty at that time of day .
However , even if wholesale deliveries can shift , most domestic deliveries ca n't . You ca n't have Tesco delivering nappies at 3am !
TfL is providing delivery firms with postcode based data which can be plugged into logistics databases . It 'll be interesting to see what happens if I log into my online shopping service and try to book a delivery of food right in the middle of the busiest time . Will they flag that up on the website as a very bad idea ?
Communications
Obviously , I am communicating what I learnt at the briefing , but in a non-specific manner . TfL is setting up websites and journey planners to offer more specific advice .
You may have already seen the amusing awareness posters on the underground starting to build up awareness .
A lot of effort is also going into improving on-the-spot communications by the transport staff . Getting information from the central control stations , and then getting the staff to pass that on to the customers .
A rather swish communications control centre has been set up in an office in Southwark . A dedicated team will have access to TfL 's own transport information , but will also have log-ins to the systems managed by national rail and other transport organisations so they can have a better view of alternatives when ( I mean , if ) things go wrong .
I am personally dubious about that last link in the chain . Too often I have passed through tube stations that I know do n't have interchanges with other lines at weekends , and the train driver does n't tell the passengers .
Maybe improved communications will be another good legacy to look forward to ?
The control room is a whole floor , although we were told not to point cameras to the left of the floor , as that is where the police sit . They really do n't like cameras being pointed at their computer screens .
Overall , it looks like a lot of thinking has gone into working out where and when things will be bad – the question will be whether the publicity encouraging people to rethink their travel plans at the worst spots will have the desired effect .
And then , I 'll be interested to see how many of those changes can be carried on after the Olympics , leaving us with a long lasting legacy in the form of flexible hours and more home working to reduce the crush on the normal daily commute .
Interesting times – let 's just hope it 's not a curse as well .
President Trump reflected on “ American Heroes Week ” on Friday , saying the White House has “ celebrated , saluted and honored ” U.S. military and police heroes , the same week they announced a ban on transgender people serving in the military .
During their weekly address , Trump highlighted the events that made up the military themed week , including the commissioning of the newest Navy aircraft carrier and first responders from last month 's congressional baseball shooting receiving the Medal of Valor .
“ All American heroes , whether they patrol the oceans , protect our Capitol , safeguard our streets , or serve in many other ways , share a common bond . They believe in America , they love our citizens and they will stop at nothing to defend our safety and our freedom , ” the president said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Throughout our history , heroes have answered the call of duty to defend our country in its hour of need , and they 're always there for us , ” Trump went on to say .
“ Our heroes show us who we are as a nation and a people . They remind us that every citizen is capable of greatness , and they renew the promise that America will grow stronger and greater than ever before , ” they said .
However , the president singled out transgender service members earlier this week when they announced a ban on transgender people joining the military , sparking outrage on both sides of the political aisle .
After consultation with my Generals and military experts , please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow ...... — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 26 , 2017
.... Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military . Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..... — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 26 , 2017
The New York Times reported Defense Secretary James Mattis , who was on vacation at the time of the announcement was “ appalled ” by the decision .
Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford , the highest ranking military officer in the U.S. , said in a letter the military 's current policy on transgender troops will not change until the president sends their change directly to the Pentagon .
Dunford said “ there are questions ” about Trump 's announcement .
Nineteen attorneys general called on Congress to block Trump 's ban Friday , saying it undermines the U.S. “ national security goal . ”
The Senate has yet to take up the National Defense Authorization Act , and it is possible an amendment could be debated on the floor to address Trump 's ban .
The Obama administration lifted the ban on transgender service members in 2016 , and 250 troops have come out as transgender since .
...
The ISIS terrorists taken into custody recently by the U.S.-backed militants from the Syrian Democratic Forces and questioned by US personnel have been malnourished and emaciated , reportedly with track marks on their arms .
The SDF , a mix of Arab and Kurdish fighters , and advisers who have seen detainees with “ pocked needle marks ” on their arms have concluded ISIS fighters are using amphetamines to keep themselves awake and boost their “ murderous fervor , ” said Army Col. Ryan Dillon , a spokesperson for Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve .
“ Those are the signs we assessed to be amphetamine , ” the spokesperson said .
Earlier this week , an SDF spokesperson claimed the SDF has taken 60 % of Raqqa city 's territory from the self-proclaimed Islamic State terrorists .
But the US Army 's Col. Dillon said the fight for the town will not get “ quicker and easier ” as ISIS employs “ fiendishly clever ” improvised explosive devices .
ISIS troops in Raqqa have been fighting from rooftops , on the ground and in the warren of tunnels they have dug under the city , Dillon said .
Detainees captured by US-backed forces in Syria are sent to local judiciary councils for trial , but American troops may have a chance to interrogate them before they are sent to confinement if the fighters are found on the front lines .
Earlier this week , the SDF repelled a counterattack launched by ISIS from a tunnel complex , they added .
BAGHDAD - A breakdown in trust between American forces in Iraq and the Iraqi Shia-dominated Popular Mobilisation forces is limiting the role that the US military can play in the war against Islamic State , Iraqi army and militia commanders have told Middle East Eye .
The tension within the uneasy alliance of US and Iran-backed militias fighting IS in Iraq has seen prominent Shia militias accuse US jets of targeting their fighters in the battlefield .
At the request of the Iraqi government , approximately 3,550 American troops - in addition to 1,500 multinational troops - have been approved for deployment to Iraq since last August . They have been sent to provide training , equipment , advice and assistance to the Iraqi security forces and have been deployed in al-Assad Air Base , Camp Taji , Besmaya base , Erbil and Habbinayah air base .
However , tensions have been growing .
Most of the Iraqi Shia militias , including Asaib Ahl al-Haq , Kataib Hezballah-Iraq and Badr Organisation , which represent the backbone of the Popular Mobilisation forces have been accusing the US military jets of deliberately targeting their fighters in the battlefield , instead of IS sites . The Popular Mobilisation force is a government-linked body established last June to co-ordinate the affairs of all the non-formal armed forces fighting IS .
The allegations are based on a number of airstrikes carried out by the US-led coalition that , by mistake , targeted several Iraqi military units and Popular Mobilisation forces that were stationed on the front lines in Salahudeen and Anbar province over the last six months , Iraqi security officials told MEE .
`` We have a problem within the command and control system with the coalition forces and this has been causing a bug in coordination regarding the airstrikes , '' a senior Iraqi military officer , who declined to be named as they are not authorised to talk to the media , told MEE .
`` These mistakes ( strikes against the Iraqi forces and Shiite militias ) were repeated several times in several areas . At the end of last year , more than 50 Shia fighters from the Popular Mobilisation forces were killed in an area near Balad ( 70 km north of Baghdad ) , '' the officer said .
Most of the commanders and fighters of the armed Shia factions which are currently fighting the Sunni militants under the umbrella of the Popular Mobilisation had previously fought US troops during the period of 2003-2011 when the American army was regarded as the occupying force .
The three prominent Shia militias are linked to the great regional power of Iran which has armed , equipped and funded them for years . For these groups hostility to the US troops has always been an essential part of their ideology .
`` We will never , ever participating in a military action ( against IS militants ) with the Americans . Not working or fighting alongside the US forces is one of our principles as an Islamic Resistance , '' Jawad al-Telebawi , the spokesperson of Asaib Ahl al-Haq , a key Shiite militia , told MEE .
`` We can not believe that despite the high quality of technology which is owned by the US-led coalition , their aircraft mistakenly and frequently struck our troops . It was obvious that they were interfering in favour of Daesh , ” Telebawi said while using the Arabic word for IS .
A US-led military coalition spokesperson denied targeting any anti-IS forces , and pointed out that the coordinates of strikes are determined by the Iraqi security forces and are subjected to detailed scrutiny by the coalition which works to ensure that there will be no civilian or allied casualties .
`` The coalition has not struck any anti-IS forces locations . All strikes are coordinated and requested by the ISF [ Iraqi security forces ] . There is then a detailed process to ensure there are zero tolerance levels of civilian casualties , collateral damage , and that there has been positive identification of ISIL targets , '' the spokesperson told MEE in an email , while using another term for IS .
`` The coalition conducted an investigation into an allegation that a coalition airstrike mistakenly killed Iraqi security forces near Beiji on December 24 , 2014 , and concluded that the claims could not be substantiated , ” they added .
US troops ' real role
Although the US-led international coalition recognises that the Popular Mobilisation forces play a major role in the destruction of IS 's capabilities in Iraq , the level of cooperation between the two parties is almost non-existent , which reduces the effectiveness of airstrikes carried out by the coalition , Iraqi military officials said .
`` They ( US forces ) refuse to participate in any battle whenever the forces of Hashid ( the Popular Mobilisation ) are involved , and their ( the coalition ) air raids near the battlefield end up being shy and ineffective , '' a federal security adviser linked to the Iraqi Ministry of Defence told MEE on the condition of anonymity .
`` Now they ( US forces ) are totally focusing on the training of the Sunni tribesmen in Ain al-Assad and Habbaniyah air bases in Anbar , '' the adviser said .
Most of the Sunni-dominated areas in the northern and western parts of the country have been under the control of IS militants since last summer after the dramatic collapse of the Iraqi army .
The US administration believes that the participation of Sunnis in the liberation battles to retake their areas is crucial to defeat IS and break the link between the militant organisation and its local supporters .
So far the US-led coalition has trained five brigades consist of 9,000 troops including Iraqi security forces and Peshmerga ( the Kurdish forces ) , the US-led coalition spokesperson , said .
`` The coalition forces are not boots on the ground . We are not involved in ground combat operations . We are involved in training Iraqi security forces , advising and assisting at the Iraqi headquarters locations and coordinating airstrikes with the Iraqi government , '' the spokesperson said .
`` As counter-ISIL offensive operations continue , we can support all elements of anti-ISIL forces [ including the ] Iraqi Army and Counterterrorism Service , Popular Mobilisation Forces , Sunni tribal fighters , the Peshmerga , Federal Police and others , '' they added .
The results are still being tallied , but it is now apparent that Hillary Clinton has garnered well over two million more votes than their victorious opponent , US president-elect Donald Trump . Predictably , the outcome of this election—which is the fifth time in US history that the incoming president has lost the nationwide popular vote—has prompted calls to abolish the electoral college . It also underscores an uncomfortable paradox : America is the greatest democracy on the planet , and yet we have no true constitutional right to vote .
America was founded on the principle that governments “ deriv [ e ] their just powers from the consent of the governed. ” The US Constitution has been amended multiple times to fulfill this promise by expanding the franchise to adult citizens regardless of race , gender , income , or age . But the text of the Constitution also conflicts in important ways with the fundamental precept that every citizen should have a direct and equal say in how we are governed .
The electoral college is the clearest example of this conflict , and not simply because it permits the historical anomaly of a president who is rejected by a plurality of voters . In a country populated by approximately 320 million people , and after an election in which more than 130 million citizens cast ballots for president , the selection of our next commander-in-chief will actually be made in mid-December—by 538 people .
This is profoundly undemocratic , by design . The founding fathers originally conceived the electoral college as a buffer ; the general public could express its “ sense of the people ” through a popular vote for electors , but the president would ultimately be selected by just a few “ men most capable of analyzing the qualities adapted to the station and acting under circumstances favorable to deliberation. ” You can credit Federalist and hip-hop sensation Alexander Hamilton for advancing this elitist notion .
In this day and age , of course , the electoral college now serves to ratify the results of statewide popular elections . Electors are party loyalists who usually ( but not always ) reflect the will of state voters , often under compulsion of state law . Yet even this safeguard is by convention and state practice , not federal constitutional guarantee . The Constitution still provides , as it did in 1788 , that electors are selected in each state “ in such Manner as the Legislature therefore may direct . ”
In Bush v. Gore , the landmark Supreme Court decision that effectively decided the 2000 presidential election , the Supreme Court reminded us that the state power to choose electors is absolute , and a state “ of course… can take back [ from the voting public ] the power to appoint electors. ” Indeed , while that case was being decided , the Republican-controlled legislature in Florida was preparing to do just that : appoint a Republican slate of electors ready and willing to vote for George W. Bush regardless of the outcome of the court-ordered recount . That result would have offended our sensibilities and modern expectations , but not our Constitution .
The right to vote in congressional elections is more direct , but also prescribed by the peculiar and sometimes highly undemocratic design of our Federalist government . Every state has equal representation in the Senate , for example , which means that citizens of sparsely populated states like Wyoming and Vermont enjoy vastly more voting power than citizens of the largest states .
House seats , which are apportioned within each state based on population , also vary in population size due to the requirements that congressional districts not cross state lines and every state have at least one representative . States have tremendous leeway to draw congressional districts to maximize the voting power of members of the governing party ; the Supreme Court has yet to strike down a gerrymandered district that was designed for partisan advantage ( although it probably will have a new opportunity to do so soon ) .
Meanwhile , more than 650,000 residents of Washington , DC— because they live in an enclave under the exclusive control of Congress—have no right whatsoever to vote for any representation in either the Senate or the House .
Just as problematic , the Constitution allows individual states to determine the precise scope of federal voting rights . The primary textual requirement—in Article I , which was amended in 1913 to provide for the direct election of Senators—is that voters “ shall have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature. ” As a result , we tolerate widely disparate and unequal threshold requirements for voting in federal elections . And increasingly , many of these requirements are manipulated for plainly partisan reasons .
In Pennsylvania , Michigan , and five other states , there is no early voting or in-person absentee voting ; in Colorado , Washington , and Oregon , virtually the entire populace votes by mail . Based on the state in which you live , your right to vote depends on whether and when you registered to vote , whether you have photo identification with you at the polls , and whether you have previously committed a felony and served your sentence . Over 1.5 million ex-felons in Florida—which is more than 10 % of the voting age population—could have voted for president this year if they had simply moved to Maine or Vermont .
Our democracy is more fragile than we would care to admit . The Constitution , which is 228 years old and is showing its age , was drafted in a far different and less egalitarian time . The gulf between what our Constitution guarantees and the basic democratic precepts that we have come to expect is bridged by historical practice and behavioral norms . But those norms are only as secure as the public 's commitment to police and enforce them .
This article is part of Quartz Ideas , our home for bold arguments and big thinkers .
Ping Duck has n't added a story .
What is Renwell ?
Renwell is my vision for a browser plugin that resolves one of the few browser history issues still around today , that being the fact that a blank history page looks more suspicosus than an uncleared one . You clear our history nearly every day , for a variety of reasons , but in most cases , you do n't want others to know it 's been cleared . That 's where Renwell comes in .
What does Renwell do ?
Renwell allows users to click a button to refil their cleared web history with normal looking , unsuspicous websites . Renwell also lets you choose what types of sites you want your history filled with , becasue sports sites may look arftiical in the history of someone who visits mostly news websites , and vice versa . Finally , you no longer have to expose yourself by having a blank browser history !
Who are you ?
I 'm a Regina high school student who 's been developing web apliactions on my own for 3 years . I had the idea for renwell when some friends told me about how conspicius their empty browser history looked . I drew out the first sketches of the Renwell project that night . I love programming for the fun of it , and to create a better experience for the average computer user .
Cool ! Where can I get Renwell ?
Renwell will be availible for free on the Chrome extension marketplace , as well as the marketplaces for Microsoft Edge , firefox , and safari . If enough support is given , you will even be able to get Renwel on the app store and the Google Play Store !
How much will I have to pay to buy Renwell ?
Nothing ! Renwell will be a free app ! It 's ad free as well !
What 's all the cash needed for ?
Liscenses for the above marketplaces are expensive , and the money will be going to purchasing liscenses for these marketplaces . Another large portion of the money will go towards legal fees for patenting the software , and since Renwel is free ( as well as ad free ) , I will be deriving no profit from this software , so Renwel development costs also depend on this money .
Why are mustaches so popular with Dads ? Is there something that clicks in a man 's head once they get to a certain age that says “ I need this style of facial hair . I need it to best feel the place time has arranged for me , ” ?
I sure do n't know . I 'm still at the stage in my life that if I grow a mustache I just look a guy you 'd see at the public library reading a big book about rare birds , muttering to themselves little fragments of delighted incredulity at its contents . You know , the kind of guy that belongs in a sweatsuit and makes you re-evaluate how scary a pair of high-tops , scissors or even soft , boyish and undersized hands can be .
( I should add , to complete the mental imagery here , that my beard comes in orange-red , and my hair is usually a pretty close approximation of Shaggy 's from Scobby-Doo . )
But enough about the scary creatures that lurk in municipal book repositories ! Let 's talk about things that are cool !
I saw Kick-ass a week or so ago . It was pretty good , certainly much better than most action movies I think . What I liked most about it was the constant sense of risk and danger I felt for the main characters . Decent dialogue , good fight scenes , and a fairly interesting plot . I recommend checking it out .
Playing through Castle Crashers with my girlfriend . I know we 're a little late to the party , but if you 're even later , the game is worth checking out . It 's only 10 bucks on Xbox live , and supports local same-screen co-op . It plays like Streets of Rage or Final Fight ( if you 're old enough to remember those games ) , where you wander the Earth , beating up dudes who get in your way . There are maps and items and leveling and like 40 playable characters , plus a decent combo system and different pets to collect . If all these things sound rad to you , then you and I are brothers .
Saw this on the Penny-Arcade forums this morning . Two forumers have made a game called “ Breath of Death VII , ” which is supposed to be a throwback to the old Dragon Quest games from the NES days . It 's only a dollar on Xbox live , and looks like it could be pretty cool . It 's supposed to be about a post-apocalyptic world inhabited only by the undead who have crafted this medieval society in the ruins of modernity . The game trailers promise branching skill trees , party combo techniques in battle , and a huge world to explore . I 'll probably check it out this weekend , though I 'm not sure I 'll have time . You can see people talking about the game here , and I 've included the trailer for the game below .
I will be doing some programming work on the site 's backend today , so I apoligize in advance for an trouble this may cause .
< 3 Mike
SONGS FOR SUNDAY :
Boy I am just embedding things left and right here , are n't I ?
The International Rescue Committee has called President Trump 's proposed cuts to United States government foreign aid as `` counterproductive and ill-timed . ''
Such steep cuts—roughly one third—send a clear message to the world 's most vulnerable : you are not welcome in America , and America will not help you where you are .
93 million people worldwide are in need of desperate humanitarian assistance . 65 million have been forced to flee from their homes due to war , conflict and persecution .
From the brutal civil war in Syria , to a deadly famine sweeping across East Africa , to millions fleeing from ISIS and other extremist groups—U.S . foreign assistance is needed now more than ever . It 's a critical lifeline for the world 's most vulnerable and the visible expression of America 's interests and values .
Which countries receive U.S. foreign aid ?
U.S. government funds support and respond to 60 humanitarian crises a year—from armed conflict to natural disasters . Average Americans believe their tax dollars account for a quarter of the money spent overseas , but , in fact , foreign aid makes up merely less than 1 percent of the federal budget : $ 37 billion out of $ 4 trillion .
Here are the top five countries that receive U.S. humanitarian aid :
Syria : The last 18 months have been the worst yet for civilians inside Syria . Almost half a million have been killed , hundreds of medical facilities have been purposely targeted ( including those supported by the IRC ) , and more than half of the country 's population forced from their homes .
Read more on how the U.S. saves Syrian lives .
South Sudan : Famine has been declared in regions of South Sudan , which has been embroiled in conflict since its independence . The famine has been described as the largest humanitarian crisis since 1945 as it 's affecting more than 20 million people in four different countries . In South Sudan , 100,000 people are suffering from famine with a further one million at risk .
Ethiopia : Ethiopia has suffered recurrent drought for decades . Last year , the country experienced its worst drought in 50 years , affecting more than 10 million people . Currently , yet another drought has left 5.6 million in urgent need of assistance .
Democratic Republic of Congo : Despite several attempts at peace deals , relentless fighting has kept Congo in a state of emergency for over 20 years . Seven million people are currently in need of urgent humanitarian assistance .
Jordan : Syrian refugees in Jordan—from doctors and dentists to farmers , laborers and taxi drivers—have depleted their savings and are living in poverty , struggling to afford health care and rent , with limited access to legal work .
Read more on how the U.S. helps Syrians in Jordan .
What are some of the positive impacts of U.S. foreign aid ?
As the world 's most important donor , the United States is a lifeline for millions of people and a key factor in maintaining global stability and security worldwide .
Since its creation , the United Nations , which receives U.S. funds , has overseen decades of unparalleled international peace . Every year , the U.N. provides food to 80 million people in 80 countries . It vaccinates 45 percent of the world 's children and coordinates responses to epidemics . It also provides lifesaving assistance to the 65 million displaced by conflict and instability .
Here 's a snapshot of the tremendous impact U.S. aid has had globally :
Reached 18 million children around the world with vital nutrition in 2015 ;
around the world with vital nutrition in 2015 ; Provided more than 7 million people worldwide with clean water to drink in 2015 ;
worldwide with clean water to drink in 2015 ; Supported basic education in 45 countries , reaching almost 52 million girls and boys in the past five years ;
in the past five years ; Contributed to the dramatic 60 percent decrease in malaria deaths since 2000 ;
decrease in malaria deaths since 2000 ; Saved 5 million children from preventable death from diarrhea and pneumonia in the past decade ;
from preventable death from diarrhea and pneumonia in the past decade ; Provided lifesaving health , nutrition and water assistance to more than 300,000 people in Yemen , where a child dies every 10 minutes from hunger and malnutrition ;
in Yemen , where a child dies every 10 minutes from hunger and malnutrition ; 11.5 million people worldwide are currently receiving life-saving HIV treatment .
How does U.S. foreign aid help Americans ?
Foreign aid is n't just about what 's right , it 's about what 's smart : it not only saves lives and decrease poverty , it also promotes stability in other parts of the world where volatility could affect the security of the United States . Global threats like Ebola and ISIS grow out of poverty , instability and bad governance .
To date , 121 retired U.S. generals have signed an open letter , warning that such drastic cuts to American foreign aid could do more harm than good for national security .
Working today to counteract global threats saves lives tomorrow . Foreign aid is an investment in a safer world , well worth 1 percent of the federal budget .
Get involved
Some 93 million people are in need of desperate humanitarian assistance . Tell Congress : Do n't slash foreign aid .
The family of a Regina woman whose body was found near Swift Current on Oct. 2 after they had been missing nearly two weeks , have outlined in scathing terms their concerns about the work of the Regina Police Service , RCMP and Search and Rescue officials in the search for them
The vehicle belonging to 65-year-old semi-retired teacher Judy Campbell was found on Sept. 27 . But their body was not found until Oct. 2 , when volunteer searchers discovered it in long grass just 225 feet from their Subaru Cross Trek , in an area apparently previously combed over by the combined authorities ' search team .
Though questions are raised about the search itself , the main concern outlined in a letter to the Regina Leader-Post from Campbell 's brother , David Howlett , and sister , Karin Mitchell , is that despite Campbell telling their family they were going to Swift Current to visit their mother , police traced a final text from their phone to a cell tower in the North Battleford area . As a result , the search was directed to that region in error , the family claims .
“ It is hard to imagine a greater litany of errors in an investigation , ” the family says in the letter .
The family goes on to question the conduct of investigators in dealing with relatives , alleging that when asked by two of the missing woman 's children for an update , a member of Regina Police Service told them the search had been called off , and the body likely consumed by coyotes .
“ What child would not want to hear this from a police officer in the middle of this terrible stressful situation ? ” the letter asks .
At the time they went missing , Alison Campbell , Judy 's daughter , said the family was worried as their mother had been going through a low period , and they had found a note that indicated they might be readying to harm herself .
In Facebook posts the family asked — having been told of the North Battleford phone “ ping ” — that people keep an eye out for Campbell in North Battleford , Lloydminster , Bonnyville , Meadow Lake and Edmonton ( the family has connections in the latter ) .
The family says that although a text may have been traced to North Battleford around 3 p.m. on the day they disappeared , surveillance footage showed Campbell filling up their vehicle on the east side of Regina at 11 a.m. that morning , and they were in fact on their way to Swift Current . The family also notes an earlier text from 12:49 p.m. returned matches to an area between Regina and Swift Current , but allege that this was initially ignored by authorities as the later North Battleford text was prioritized .
This has not been confirmed or denied , as Regina Police Service spokesperson Elizabeth Popowich said in an emailed statement the force would not be going into the specifics of the case . However , they did say investigators understood that emotions were running high .
Popowich did not respond specifically to the coyote comment .
“ We have met with members of Judy Campbell 's family and have heard their concerns , ” the statement read in part . “ We will follow up with them again to try to give them more information as to what was done , at what stage and why . ”
“ We can say , however , that the pieces of the puzzle which now seem evident did not appear in perfect chronological order while the investigation was underway , ” the statement went on . “ People worked diligently with the best information they had at the time , through all stages of this investigation . ”
The family , though , is not convinced .
“ Had the location of the 12:49 p.m. text been taken into account then it would have been obvious that Judy was not in the North Battleford area and days would not have been wasted focusing on the wrong area , ” the family 's letter reads .
The letter goes on to say that when Campbell 's Subaru was eventually found just south of Webb , it was local residents who found the car , not the RCMP , as police reports had initially stated .
The family claims that when they then attempted to organize a volunteer search party on Oct. 1 , the RCMP was slow to come to their assistance , having stood down their own search the previous day .
“ It is our hope that stopping the search had nothing to do with going home for the weekend , ” the letter reads .
Calls to Swift Current Rural RCMP detachment and RCMP Saskatchewan F Division headquarters were not immediately returned .
The fact that Campbell 's body was eventually found on Oct. 2 by local volunteers was later acknowledged by the RPS , which said in a release :
“ Thanks to the members of the Swift Current Rural RCMP detachment , Search and Rescue Teams … and Saskatchewan Environment and Resource Management for your efforts . Aided by these agencies and individuals , it was , ultimately , the determination of family members , assisted by local volunteers , which resulted in recovering Ms. Campbell . ”
The Campbell family still wonders though if more could have been done .
“ Judy 's 89-year-old mother lay awake night after night wondering the fate of their daughter while two police forces bungled an entire investigation from beginning to end , ” the family concluded .
bfitzpatrick @ postmedia.com
Earlier this year I ran a story on the “ Big Chill ” , an '08 Triumph Bonneville Cafe Racer built by custom workshop Mean Machines . This latest Hinckley Bonneville from the Sydney based outfit which is aptly named the “ Red Baron ” , is essentially the same build spec as the Big Chill with one major difference , it has much bigger balls .
Mean Machines were obviously happy with how the Big Chill Bonnie turned out . The Red Baron has identical handling tweaks , the same lighting set up , the same fibreglass bodywork and the same rear foot pegs . While replicating a previous build might sound like a cop out the Red Baron is still an impressively thorough customisation of the donor bike . All the planning and design work that went in to the Big Chill has resulted in a “ Bonneville formula ” that produces a great handling and good looking Cafe Racer , so they did the one thing that anyone would do , they increased the bikes power .
Along with the improvements to the bikes exhaust ( custom twin pipes with twin mufflers nestled under the belly pan ) , the hi-flow filters and Dyno tuned carbs ; the Red Baron has been treated to a Wiseco 988cc Big Bore 1/4 Stroker kit .
That 's a little over 120cc 's of extra engine capacity . Add that to the power gains from all the weight reductions made during the build and you 've got yourself the Bruce Lee of Hinckley Bonnies . Just as well they fit that same big , road holding 180 on the rear !
Build spec :
“ In the Precision Medicine Initiative , ” Dr. Hudson said , “ we hope to follow people for at least a decade . The longer it lasts , the more value it will have . ”
People can sign up through academic medical centers at Columbia University , Northwestern University in Illinois , the University of Arizona and the University of Pittsburgh , each of which is working with local partners . Columbia , for example , is collaborating with NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital , Harlem Hospital and Weill Cornell Medicine .
Participants will be recruited to reflect the geographic , racial , ethnic and socioeconomic diversity of the nation . To help achieve that goal , officials have enlisted community health centers , where more than 90 percent of patients have annual incomes less than twice the poverty level ( less than $ 23,760 for an individual ) . About one-third of health center patients are Latinos , and about one-fourth are African-Americans .
Officials said they wanted patients to be partners in the research , not just “ human subjects. ” To that end , patients will have access to all the information about themselves , including laboratory and genetic test results . Doctors could eventually use the data to shape treatment for an individual patient , rather than using standard treatments that may not work for everyone . Patients will help guide the research , sitting on its steering committee and advisory board .
The government intends to collect data from online questionnaires , physical exams , electronic health records and activity-tracking devices like Fitbit . Using smartphone apps and wearable sensors , participants could report information on their blood pressure , heart rate and other vital signs .
Officials hope to recruit 150,000 patients from community health centers . Anne Kauffman Nolon , president and chief executive of the Hudson River HealthCare , a community health center serving 10 counties of New York , said their patients would need help to overcome several obstacles . The patients , they said , include homeless people , migrant seasonal farmworkers , people with low literacy skills and people who have neither computers nor smartphones .
Jake Kolodjashnij has been named an AFL Multicultural Ambassador for 2017
Geelong defender Jake Kolodjashnij has been selected as an Australia Post AFL Multicultural Ambassador for 2017 .
One of 19 ambassadors from across the AFL and AFLW , Kolodjashnij will support the AFL 's multicultural programs through appearances at events and play a pivotal role through Multicultural Round in July .
Born in Tasmania , Kolodjashnij is of Ukrainian descent and joins the likes of North Melbourne 's Majak Daw ( Sudan ) , Nic Naitanui ( Fiji ) and Bachar Houli ( Lebanon ) as an ambassador .
AFL CEO Gillon McLachlan said the ambassadors play an important role in promoting diversity and inclusion within Australian Football and the broader community .
“ The Ambassadors represent 12 AFL Clubs , four AFLW Clubs , and a wide range of diverse communities throughout Australia , ” McLachlan said .
“ They will play a crucial role in increasing cultural awareness , promoting inclusion and encouraging participation at all levels of Australian Football .
“ We have increased the number of female ambassadors from two to four in 2017 , which reflects the growing prominence of NAB AFL Women 's and the commitment we have made to build the foundations of women 's football .
“ It 's a historic year in our game . In addition to the launch of AFLW , we are also taking a Toyota AFL Premiership Season match to China in Round 8 . The landscape of football is changing and the ambassadors reflect that , ” they said .
In 2017 , multicultural players make up 15 per cent of the AFL player lists across the 18 AFL Clubs and 7.8 per cent across the eight AFL Women 's clubs .
Kyle Schwarber , gripping a nine-millimeter Luger , does n't flinch . In fact , they look at home at this Arizona gun range . He 's got on jeans , work boots , a gray Sportique ball cap , and a pair of tarmac-worthy earmuffs the size of halved coconuts . With their beer-and-brat build , they could nearly pass for a steelworker on break . The giveaway , of course , is the chin curtain of beard , a sort of soul patch cum Chia Pet that has become ( along with their moon-shot home runs ) as recognizable to Cubs fans as Harry Caray 's supersize Bud goggles .
All around them is gunfire . Hand cannons , Uzis , Glocks , AR-15s . Kaboom ! Burrrrrupp ! Pop-pop-pop . Casings ping and spin onto the concrete floor .
With the ease of someone who has grown up around guns—he 's an avid hunter and the son of a former Ohio cop—Schwarber feeds bullets one by one into a clip , snaps it in with a clap , and flicks off the safety with their left thumb . They look down their lane , sights the target , and …
POW ! … POW ! … POW ! … POW ! … POW !
A push of a button , and the paper target zings forward , jolting to a stop a foot from Schwarber . They peel off the tape and proudly displays the target to Paige Hartman , their girlfriend since high school .
One , two , three , four holes pock the bull's-eye . A fifth lies just outside .
Hartman , a pretty brunette , cuts Schwarber a needling glance .
“ I meant to do that , ” they mouths over the din .
They roll them eyes .
They grin and reloads .
Ca n't blame a guy for trying . Or for wanting to blow off some steam after another day of grueling workouts at the Cubs ' training facility in Mesa . “ I find it relaxing , ” Schwarber says of shooting . “ It 's a good stress reliever . ”
He 's earned it . And not just for the World Series heroics that will endear them to Cubs fans forever . They have spent all but a couple of weeks of this off-season in Arizona , continuing to rehab their knee . Good news : Schwarber and their trainers say he 's physically back to where they were before the injury that cost them virtually all of the 2016 regular season , right down to being able to roam the outfield or even get behind the plate for spot catching duty .
Advertisement
I can bear witness , having watched Schwarber grunt through one punishing set of exercises after another earlier in the day—squats , sled shoves , crab walks with a giant rubber band wrapped around their legs and arms , and , in a drill that made my back hurt just to watch , heavily weighted pelvic thrusts . Their workout gear was exactly what you might expect from a guy nicknamed Schwarbs : a pair of baggy black shorts over blue sweats , a flat-brimmed Cubbies cap swung backward , and a T-shirt depicting Bill Murray in a pinstriped Cubs jersey and eyeblack , cap also flipped around .
“ He 's working their ass off every day , ” says Cubs strength and conditioning coach Tim Buss . “ You do n't see many dudes doing Monday through Saturday in the middle of December . That 's just their mentality , though . He 's a grinder. ” ( Another reason for Cubs fans to take heart : When I visited the Mesa facility five days before Christmas , Jason Heyward—he of the lofty salary and lowly batting average—was also there , in hopes of getting their groove back . )
After the gym and the gun range , I tag along with Schwarber and Hartman to an upscale Scottsdale bar and grill . We settle around a table on a small outdoor patio warmed by heaters .
“ Cheers , first of all , ” Schwarber says , hoisting a brew .
They tell me a little about their family . He 's the baby ( he turns 24 in March ) , with three older sisters : The youngest serves in the National Guard , the middle played college basketball and now works in law enforcement like their father , a decorated former police chief , and the oldest is the “ funny one , like me , ” Schwarber says .
“ A little crazier , ” Hartman corrects .
“ Yeah , ” they concede . “ She 's the first one who checks up on me . We talk to each other about everything . ”
“ She 's very protective of you , ” Hartman offers .
It is then , after a waiter slides a plate of artichoke dip in front of us , that Schwarber asks me a question that takes me by surprise .
“ So why this story ? ” they say , without a trace of irony . “ Why are you writing about me ? ”
Come again ?
“ I mean , why not Rizzo or Kris or one of the other guys ? ”
Well , I tell him , other than their rocket ride to stardom last year , the frightening injury that almost everyone , including him , believed had doomed their season if not their career , the months of agonizing rehab , the miracle recovery , their surprise insertion into the World Series lineup , their subsequent clutch hits , especially the one that launched the championship-winning rally and their entry into Cubby lore without so much as a full season under their belt … no reason in particular .
At this , Schwarber laughs .
“ OK , OK , ” they allow . “ I guess it was pretty crazy . ”
“ Crazy ” is one way to describe Schwarber 's season . “ Absurd , ” “ preposterous , ” “ astonishing , ” and “ wondrous ” being others .
It began horrifically , though—a gasp-inducing outfield collision with Dexter Fowler in just the third game . “ Initially , when I got hit , I thought my ankle was broken , ” they say . “ That 's what hurt the most when I was rolling around on the ground . ”
“ Find that picture , ” Hartman interjects .
Schwarber whips out their iPhone and pulls up an image of their ankle bent 90 degrees under Fowler .
“ But there was also this burning sensation going through my leg , ” Schwarber continues . “ I told [ the team doctors ] that my knee hurt , but I could bend it , so I thought that was a good sign. ” After the joint “ blew up like a balloon ” later that night , they knew something was wrong .
Advertisement
A series of MRIs the next day revealed complete tears of two ligaments in their left knee—the ACL and LCL . They were done for the season , they were told . The weight of that hit Schwarber as they began sharing the news with teammates . “ I broke down and started crying , ” they recall . “ I knew we had a special team , and I wanted to be part of it . Now I could n't . ”
As they recovered from surgery in their Chicago apartment , they struggled with depression and doubt . Will I ever be the same ? They also had to contend with severe cramps that kept them awake at night . “ I was in constant pain , ” they say . “ I was calling my doctor , freaking out , like , ‘ What 's going on ? ' They said , ‘ Do n't worry , it 's normal . ' ” This ? Normal ?
Putting weight on the knee was out of the question , which meant they relied on their family and Hartman for everything from getting dressed to going to the bathroom . Hartman watched as their boyfriend fell deeper into a funk . “ He did n't even want to bring sunlight in , ” they recall .
Schwarber nods . “ I kept the blinds closed . I just wanted it to stay dark so I could sleep. ” Their family bought them a recliner so that they could sit up to watch TV or lie back to rest . “ I was in that chair 18 to 24 hours a day . It was n't fun . ”
Meanwhile , their team was off to one of the best starts in club history . Schwarber was thrilled . But also frustrated . All they could do was watch .
They channeled their emotions into their rehab . “ It was brutal , ” they recall . “ I was sweating . My knee was sweating . I never knew my knee could sweat . ”
At least rehab gave them something to do . They were going stir-crazy at home . “ You watch your boys play on TV , but what else are you going to watch ? ” they say . “ It 's the same shows every day. ” He 'd play cards with their father , but even that got old .
After about six weeks , they were finally allowed to walk without crutches . “ You do n't know how much you miss walking , ” they say . “ You have to teach yourself all over again . You got this hitch in your step . But you 're just so happy to walk again . ”
Despite their progress , they continued to brood . “ I would try to put a face on for my teammates , ” they say . In private , though , they were different . “ I did n't want to be , but it just came out that way . ”
Did n't want to be what ?
“ Mean , ” Hartman pipes up , and they both laugh .
“ Yeah , ” they admit .
“ All I want is a chance. ” Schwarber to Theo Epstein after a doctor cleared them to play in the World Series
In time , Schwarber 's mood improved along with their knee . “ It started getting better when we could start implementing [ weight ] lifting , ” they say . They began setting weekly goals for increasing the motion in their knee . Four months in , they were jogging in the pool , riding a bike , doing squats . “ I felt like I was getting more fit , like I was actually doing something with my body . ”
Their teammates rooted them on . “ They played a really big part in how I went about my rehab . It would have been easy to go [ into the gym ] and say you 're not feeling it and take it easy . But I remember guys like Pedro Strop , who would say things like , ‘ You 're going to make it to the World Series , Papi . ' ”
Schwarber would laugh off such comments . They had no illusion of a comeback—not in time for that season anyway . “ I had accepted it . Our goal was for the second half of winter ball , which started like mid-December . ”
But as the Cubs advanced past the San Francisco Giants in the first round of the playoffs , Schwarber was progressing well ahead of schedule . Their doctor routinely asked them to email a list of “ next steps ” in their recovery . Now , as a joke , Schwarber added “ World Series ? ” at the bottom . Recalls Schwarber : “ He kept telling me no , no , no , no . ”
But then came a visit to the doctor 's office in Dallas just before game 3 of the National League Championship Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers . If the Cubs made it to the World Series and Schwarber wanted to play as a designated hitter , the doctor told him , they would n't stop him . “ I was sitting on the table and stood up real quick , ” Schwarber recalls . “ I was like , ‘ What ? ' ”
They immediately phoned team president Theo Epstein with the update .
“ How do you feel about it ? ” Epstein asked .
Advertisement
“ All I want is a chance , ” Schwarber replied .
“ All right , ” Epstein said . “ I 'm in . ”
Schwarber caught a flight to Los Angeles that day . At 10 p.m. , they met up at Dodger Stadium with Epstein , Buss , and other Cubs personnel . “ Let 's do this , boys , ” Schwarber told them . “ Let 's see what we 've got. ” They proceeded to hit balls off a tee in the cool air of the otherwise empty stadium .
“ It was like , OK , it feels good , ” Buss recalls thinking . “ Now let 's see how we feel when we wake up . ”
“ I was a little sore , ” Schwarber admits , laughing . “ But I did n't tell anyone . ”
The Cubs sent them to Mesa to test them out further . To retrain their eye to major-league pitching , Schwarber would stand in the batter 's box , watching pitch after pitch from a machine—roughly 2,000 in all , they estimate .
While the Cubs played game 6 of their series against the Dodgers , Schwarber took part in the first of what would be two games in the developmental Arizona Fall League . They kept tabs on the Cubs ' progress on an iPad in the dugout . “ I watched the whole thing . I was going crazy. ” After the Cubs won that night to clinch a berth in the World Series , Schwarber was greeted at the Mesa facility with a Champagne shower .
Moments later , Epstein called . “ All right , ” they said . “ Let 's just get you to Cleveland and we 'll go from there . ”
If you own a TV , a computer , a smartphone , or a set of tin cans with a string , you know what happened next . Manager Joe Maddon inserted Schwarber into the game 1 lineup to face Cleveland 's ace , Corey Kluber .
“ Talk about a whirlwind of emotions , ” Schwarber says . “ All the hard work that had gone into my recovery . I had my doubts . But once I stepped in between the lines , it was like a different face turned on . It 's like , All right , let 's go , I 'm ready to eat some baseballs right now . ”
There were skeptics . Fox Sports analyst Pete Rose scoffed at the notion that Schwarber , who had n't hit against major-league pitching for 201 days and had all of one week to get back into game shape , would do anything but flop . “ I wish they would n't , but he 's going to strike out three times tonight , ” Rose declared on TV during the game .
Their first time up , Schwarber did indeed go down on strikes . But the at-bat actually boosted their confidence . “ I knew I was just under the ball , so I 'm like , OK , let 's make that adjustment . ”
Sure enough , in their second time at the plate , they smoked a double off the right field wall . The next night , they added two RBI singles as the Cubs evened up the series .
“ I ca n't even describe what he 's doing right now , ” Ben Zobrist said after game 2 . “ No one 's ever seen anything like it . ”
David Ross summed up the moment : “ It 's the legend of Kyle Schwarber . ”
They would go on to hit .412 for the series . Of the four games they played , the Cubs won three . Their presence—and big lefty bat—seemed to give the entire lineup new life . And it was Schwarber 's leadoff single in the 10th inning of game 7 , of course , that proved pivotal .
Illustration : Hawk Krall
Schwarber will never forget the flight back to Chicago after the World Series win . “ You could write a story about that alone . We were having a good time . Just everyone loving each other , you know what I mean ? ”
“ So much fun , ” adds Hartman . “ All the wives and girlfriends and kids got to fly with the team that night . ”
Days later , they were headed to New York to appear on Live with Kelly . “ We got to see The Lion King , ” Schwarber exults . Then it was on to their hometown of Middletown , Ohio , for more celebrating .
If there were any doubt Schwarber was now an official fan favorite , it was dispelled in January at a kids ' press conference at the annual Cubs Convention in Chicago . The other panelists—Albert Almora Jr. , Javier Baez , and Willson Contreras—got their share of questions . But it was Schwarbs the kids wanted to hear from most .
Advertisement
“ Are you going to play in the regular season this year or wait for the World Series again ? ” one young fan asked .
“ That 's a good idea ! ” Baez chimed in .
Schwarber , rendered speechless , simply mouthed , “ Mic drop ! ”
Had we been at a bar in Chicago , there almost certainly would have been some stares , a few back slaps , perhaps a plea for a selfie . You do n't star on the Cubs team that broke the curse without a little hero worship . But here in Arizona , Schwarber was enjoying their beer with barely a glance .
“ You do n't get many people who recognize you , ” they say .
“ It 's kind of great , ” Hartman offers .
Having finished recounting the story of their season , Schwarber calls it a night . “ We 've got to pack , ” they apologize .
“ You 've got to pack , ” Hartman corrects . “ I 've got to buy Christmas presents . ”
“ We 're going back to Ohio tomorrow , ” Schwarber says .
When does their flight leave ?
“ Oh , no , ” Hartman says . “ We 're driving . ”
They 're taking their new Dalmatian puppy , Blue , with them , Schwarber explains .
How long does that take , Mesa to Ohio ?
“ Oh , 24 , 25 hours , ” they say . “ We 're going to try to drive straight through . ”
Of course .
And after the holidays ?
Back to Mesa , they say . Back to work .
An Edmonton entrepreneur is behind a first-of-its-kind proposal for Canada — a bitumen spa resort .
Buff Parry , whose company The Salai Project Inc. is leading the project proposal , admits it sounds a bit `` foreign '' at first blush .
But they are convinced the idea has potential to bring in big tourism dollars for Alberta .
`` I think we have to get past the notion it 's too exotic for anything we 're used to , '' said Parry .
Parry explained indigenous people have known about the medicinal benefits of bitumen for thousands of years .
`` It has a healing curative aspect to it for surface wounds , or for something like psoriasis or acne or ailments of the skin , '' they said .
A client soaks in a bath of naftalan oil at a health centre in Azerbaijan . ( YouTube )
They noted indigenous people along the Athabasca River would use bitumen to repair leaks to canoes .
Parry learned about modern day bitumen spas elsewhere in the world while doing a study about bitumen with the Indigenous Media Institute .
They said a number of treatments are available internationally , from full bitumen baths at a spa in Azerbaijan , to less refined bitumen mud rubs in Israel and Jordan around the Dead Sea .
Parry is hoping for investment and possible partnership from Azerbaijan .
While they are excited about the healing benefits , others go for bitumen treatments simply because it feels good , Parry said .
`` Some people do it just for the pleasure of doing it , not for healing , but because it is relaxing and it helps for tightened muscles and cramps and things like that , '' they said .
Bitumen mud baths are also used in the Dead Sea area . ( YouTube )
Parry said they believe the ideal location for this kind of resort in Alberta is in the Fort McMurray area , where he 's also keen to partner with First Nations .
And with the oil industry going through tough times , Parry sees the proposal as one that could pump a little money into tourism coffers .
Parry 's research assistant Rodney McLeod , from Frog Lake First Nation , said he 's already had positive feedback about the idea from indigenous people he 's talked to about the idea .
`` We can have a more traditional and holistic relationship with it , '' said McLeod , referring to oil .
Frog Lake First Nation member Rodney McLeod , Parry 's research assistant , said he 's gotten positive response from indigenous people over the idea . ( CBC ) Parry admits it 's still a `` young idea '' but already has support from some investors and a hotel chain interested in the development .
They stressed the resort would offer a lot more than simply a bitumen spa .
They want it to have a fine arts centre displaying paintings where bitumen is used as the pigment . A technique famously used by Leonardo Da Vinci and more recently by Fort McMurray artist Lucas Seaward .
In addition there are also plans for a pharma research centre which would study bitumen and health .
Parry 's hoping indigenous medicine experts will play a key role in that , and wants to partner with First Nations on the whole project .
Crystal Bull , from Goodfish Lake First Nation , has agreed to be an indigenous liaison making connections with First Nations leaders in the area .
`` I want to work with chief and council to get them on board , '' said Bull . `` If they were to start the resort , we would want to hire locals , also for them to be involved in tours of the area , possibly dog sled rides . ''
Crystal Bull , from Goodfish Lake First Nation , is working as liaison to help make connections with First Nations leaders in the area . ( CBC )
Parry said he 'd like to see river boat trip rides in the summer as another attraction .
They admit the bitumen treatments probably wo n't be cheap . They could range in price from the less expensive , unrefined bitumen mud applications to the more expensive full bitumen oil baths , which could cost up to $ 250 .
`` It 's worked in Jordan , Israel , Azerbaijan and why would n't it work here ? '' Parry asked .
The working title for the spa is `` The Land of Nitukki '' . In Cree that means `` I am Eternal . ''
But Parry said they like the fact that in ancient Mesopotamian languages the phrase translates to `` Sacred Land of Burning Bitumen . ''
The next step is a feasibility study . If that gets the thumbs up , Parry 's hoping their dream will come to life within the next three years .
gareth.hampshire @ cbc.ca
@ cbcgareth
TEHRAN , Jan. 5 ( UPI ) -- An Iranian government spokesperson said they expected the share of oil revenue designated in next year 's budget to be down by about 30 percent .
The low price of crude oil is pushing economies like Russia 's , which relies heavily on export revenue , toward the brink of recession . Iran historically has been a hawk in the global oil sector , advocating for a price per barrel of around $ 100 .
Government spokesperson Mohammad Bagher Noubakht said the share of oil revenues in the budget proposed for next year is down by about a third .
`` Now the government has to try hard to pull two big stones -- inflation and recession -- out of the bottom of the well , '' they said Sunday .
Iran is restricted to exports of around 1 million barrels of oil per day under the terms of a multilateral agreement reached in November 2013 . Last week , the government said non-oil exports from the beginning of the Iranian year , which starts in March , increased to $ 35 billion , or about 20 percent year-on-year .
Iran emerged from recession last month , which the government spokesperson said came as a result of heavy government investments in national development projects . The economy , they said , is boasting two straight months of growth .
Iranian officials have said they envision a budget for the next calendar year based on oil priced at about $ 70 per barrel , about 20 percent higher than the current market price .
Mohammad Nahavandian , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's chief of staff , said the share of oil in Iran 's gross national product `` is not so high . ''
Just a few years ago my daily beauty routine was what you would call 'high-maintenance ' and my bathroom was covered with sprays , bottles , jars , stacks of make up palettes and countless half-used shower gels and body lotions .
But even though I definitely wore a lot of make up and skin care products ( way more than I do now ) , I still probably only used about 5 % of all that stuff on a regular basis . The rest were things I had bought on a whim , because I liked the packaging or the scent or because I had once again bought right into whatever clever sales strategy a marketing team had come up with .
I now cringe when I think about not only how much money I wasted during that time , but also how much mental energy . Every day I would get stressed out at the sight of my jam-packed bathroom , I always had to plan in an extra 10 minutes just to dig through the mountains of pencils , pots and lipstick tubes in my makeup bag , and packing for trips was a complete nightmare .
But eventually , as I got into minimalism and overhauled my wardrobe , my approach to beauty changed and I slowly started to pay more attention to what I was buying , why I was buying it and how it would fit into my daily routine . Nowadays , I own a relatively small set of beauty products , but I am much , much happier with it . My routine is simpler and shorter , yes , but it 's also much more personalised , tailored to my personal style , effective ( =skin care ) and time efficient , because it fits right into my everyday routine .
In this post I 'll show you the exact step-by-step process I used to overhaul my routine at that time and still follow whenever I feel my bathroom cabinets are getting a little too cluttered for my liking . To give you a concrete example of the entire process , below each step you 'll also find the answers of Julia , a lovely reader who lives in Berlin like I do : )
An important point before we get started : Although the focus of this post is to simplify and de-clutter , it 's not about ‘ blind reduction ' , i.e . getting rid of as many products or steps as you can . Your goal is not to build a routine that 's as short as possible , but that 's as functional as possible and optimally tailored to your individual needs and objectives .
Getting Started
Choose one area of your beauty routine to focus on :
MAKE UP
SKIN CARE
HAIR CARE/STYLING
BODY CARE
You can repeat the steps below for each of these , but for the first round choose whichever area you feel needs the most work and has the biggest impact on your everyday life . Julia completed the process for skin care .
Step 1 : Analyse your needs
As a first step , write a list of every product type you use on a regular basis , e.g . foundation , hair spray , shower gel , and so on , and tie it to specific times of the day or week if you can . The trick is to do this completely from the top of your head , without looking though your bathroom or make up bag . That will help you separate steps and products you actually need and find useful from those that you are only using because they are there .
In your head , walk through a typical day of yours to identify when and what kind of products you need , including touch ups . Also write down any products you use regularly but less than once a day , like skin or hair treatments , special occasion make up ( feel free to include different colour options if you use them regularly ) and stuff like shaving gel , etc . If you want to change up your routine a little and include a new product type that you are n't currently using , include that too . Here is Julia 's list :
EXAMPLE
The Huffington Post admits that people who signed up for Obamacare using the healthcare website still might not have coverage
On December 3rd America 's Watchtower reported that 1/3 of all the people who somehow managed to sign up for healthcare coverage using the beleaguered and dysfunctional Federal healthcare website could still face problems even though they think they have successfully completed the process .
In that post I wrote that because of back-end glitches many enrollees will still face problems because the Federal government is not sending the proper information to the insurance companies .
But , if you are to listen to Barack Obama , I am simply a conservative leaning libertarian who is invested in Obamacare failing so my opinion means nothing , so let us take a look at what the left-leaning Hufington Post had to say about this issue two days later :
Unresolved technical problems on HealthCare.gov could lead to a rude surprise at the doctor 's office next month for patients who think they successfully used the website to sign up for health insurance . They may find they 're not insured after all . HealthCare.gov , the federal online portal for health-insurance shopping in more than 30 states , has improved after more than a month of intense fixes , and enrollment is accelerating . But insurance companies are still getting information on their would-be customers that is garbled and incomplete , and in some cases they are getting no information at all . The result could be an untold number of consumers remaining uninsured despite completing the enrollment process — another embarrassing chapter in the rollout of the Affordable Care Act , Obama 's signature health care reform law .
The Huffington Post could never be confused with a right wing ideologue invested in the president 's failure , in fact it is just the opposite for they are invested in the president 's success for better or worse , and even this liberal rag can not dispute the fact that the Obamacare healthcare exchange is a disaster and is far from complete regardless of what Barack Obama would have us believe .
Advertisements
The Sci Fi Channel will put in an order for a new entry in the `` Stargate '' U.S. television show franchise , The Hollywood Reporter said Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Citing unnamed sources , the newspaper said the new series will be called `` Stargate : Universe '' and will mark the third show in the cable network 's long-running franchise . The move comes after Sci Fi Channel officials said they were dropping `` Stargate : Atlantis '' from its schedule . The `` Stargate '' franchise has been on the air in various forms since 1997 , the Reporter said .
`` Stargate : Universe '' will start out as a two-hour movie in early 2009 and will move into a regular hourly slot next summer , the sources said . `` Stargate : SG-1 '' and `` Atlantis '' co-creators Brad Wright and Robert Cooper will serve as executive producers and writers on the new series from MGM Television .
The Hollywood Reporter said the new show will be heavier on the space-based action than `` SG-1 '' or `` Atlantis , '' and the producers hope to convert fans of the defunct `` Star Trek '' franchise and the soon-to-be ending `` Battestar Galactica '' series to `` Stargate . ''
With a tradition as rich as Ohio State 's , it 's no surprise that five former Buckeyes were named to the Football Writers Association of America 's 75th Anniversary All-American Team .
Running back Archie Griffin , lineman Orlando Pace , defensive back Jack Tatum , lineman John Hicks and linebacker Chris Spielman were honored by the team , with Griffin , Pace and Tatum making the first team , Hicks making the second team and Spielman making the third team .
75th All-Americans by School
SCHOOL SELECTIONS NEBRASKA CORNHUSKERS 6 OHIO STATE BUCKEYES 5 PITTSBURGH PANTHERS 5 ALABAMA CRIMSON TIDE 4 OKLAHOMA SOONERS 4 TEXAS LONGHORNS 4
Griffin is joined in the first team 's backfield with Georgia 's Herschel Walker . Pace is joined on the first team 's line with Alabama 's John Hannah , USC 's Ron Yary , and Will Shields and Dave Rimington of Nebraska . Tatum , meanwhile , is joined in the first team defensive backfield by Ronnie Lott of USC , Deion Sanders of Florida State and Michigan 's Charles Woodson .
The five Buckeyes selected were the second-most of any school , trailing Nebraska 's six picks for the teams .
The Big Ten as a whole led all conferences with 19 selections – thanks Nebraska ! – followed by the Atlantic Coast Conference with 15 , the Southeastern Conference with 13 , the Big 12 Conference with 10 and the Pac-12 Conference with 7 .
The full slate of selections :
On paper , the budget resolution being considered in the Senate this week is a simple sketch for routine spending in the coming year . But like so much in Washington right now , the 89-page document is hardly as straightforward as it seems .
In fact , if Sen. Lindsey Graham is right , the future of Republicans depends on whether the GOP majority in Congress can get its act together , sign-off on a largely symbolic budget and then use it to deliver on the promise of tax cuts . “ If we do n't , we 're dead , ” South Carolina Republican told CBS News .
The reason Graham is hardly alone in their diagnosis is that Republicans have been in charge of a one-party town since Jan. 20 and they have very little to show for it . Immigration and infrastructure packages are nowhere to be found . The seven-year pledge to repeal Obamacare turned out to be a dud . That lack of progress has some grassroots conservatives ready to storm the Capitol and demand action .
“ Members , having gone through health care and having seen this new world we live in , they understand what the world looks like if they fail again , ” said one campaign veteran with deep ties to House Leadership . “ That looks like a very unhappy , scary place . In the House , you see a tremendous amount of retirements . ”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The House has already passed its version of a budget resolution and is standing by to tack-on tax cuts . Republicans have 52 lawmakers in the Senate , so this should be simple to deal with , right ? No . Nothing like this ever is .
Consider the two-step dance the Senate needs to navigate to both pass the budget and tax cuts . Without the former , the latter ca n't get started . Under byzantine Senate rules , lawmakers ca n't touch taxes , at least not in the ways being promoted , if they ca n't muster 50 aye votes , plus Vice President Mike Pence as a tiebreaker , on the budget first .
Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky is a potential no vote on the budget plan because it heaps red ink on the federal balance sheets . Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , whom President Trump called “ Liddle Bob ” last week , is n't yet sold that this is the right formula . And Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi , whose office announced Tuesday they were returning to the Senate after an illness , still has members of the GOP Leadership worried if he 's back for good .
Throw in there Sens . Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Susan Collins of Maine , and it 's enough to keep colleagues nervous . On the last two , they say they 're leaning yes , but any efforts to insert ideological provisions could prompt them to walk away .
On top of this , there 's no guarantee the House will take up the Senate version without major changes to appease hardline conservatives in the lower chamber . ( Many of those demands , it should be noted , run afoul of the law that allows legislators to score wins with a simple majority . Absolutism and the Parliamentarian are heading toward a collision . )
And then , as if the 535 voting members of Congress inside the building were n't problematic enough , a double-barrel threat from outside the building is aimed at it . President Trump and their aides at the White House are out of patience with Congress . On a second front , the President 's former chief strategist , Steve Bannon , is ready to spend millions to mount primary challengers against the whole lot and send them packing .
“ There 's a time and season for everything , and right now it 's a season of war against a GOP Establishment , ” Bannon told a conservative summit this weekend . “ It 's no longer acceptable to come and pat you on the head and tell you everything is going to be fine just to get those people in office . ”
Bannon 's litmus test : Will the new guard vote to oust McConnell as the party 's Senate leader ?
How McConnell is fighting back
If McConnell is feeling any emotion about this challenge , it 's annoyance , not fear . The Kentucky Republican , serving their sixth term in the Senate , has long ago given up the knee-jerk reaction . Instead , a shrewd eye at the end goal guides them over sideshow theatrics . When a collection of conservative grassroots leaders — some of whom recently dined with the President — circulated a letter demanding the wholesale resignation of GOP leadership in the Senate , their allies shrugged . “ Did they even bother changing the date from the last time these misfit toys sent this letter ? ” one McConnell ally asks .
McConnell 's war with Bannon dates back years , going to when Breitbart 's founder was still alive and determined to carpet bomb the Republican Party . The site propped up novelty candidates like Delaware 's Christine O'Donnell , who had to explain in an ad that they were not a witch . Among conservatives , the tribal warfare had a town square , and Bannon realized the power of the populism they could harness . When McConnell became the majority leader after the 2014 election , they vowed to exclude the fringe where they could .
For their part , McConnell has warned Trump that Bannon-esque nominees may be incompatible with the middle of each state 's electorate can cost the GOP seats the party can not afford . “ The goal here is to win elections in November , ” McConnell said on Oct. 16 at the White House . “ Back in 2010 and 2012 , we nominated several candidates : Christine O'Donnell , Sharron Angle , Todd Akin , Richard Mourdock. ” It was a veritable murderers ' row of candidates who were in races that should have been wins for Republicans , yet were poor fits with unvetted records .
“ They 're not in the Senate , ” McConnell continued . “ And the reason for that was that they were not able to appeal to a broader electorate in the general election. ” It was a civics lesson in the President 's literal backyard , one they did not take kindly .
Trump gritted their teeth . “ I 'm going to see if we ( can ) talk them out of that , ” the President said when asked about Bannon 's broadsides against the GOP . Trump still speaks to Bannon regularly — far more often than McConnell , who single-handedly controls the President 's agenda in the Senate .
The approach has left McConnell quietly stewing about their nominal partner at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue . It 's not about the slight . It 's that there is no strategic value in it . Although McConnell did n't much care for Barack Obama , they thought Trump 's Democratic predecessor a rational person who understood the Senate . The men were hardly pals , but they were n't speaking different languages .
Things with the Senate are n't much better from the White House 's side , despite the President 's declarations this week that he 's never been closer to McConnell . Both parties are still smarting from an Aug. 9 phone call that devolved into screaming and profanity . Silence between the two men followed for weeks , while aides kept in touch to see if anger had subsided .
Then , White House officials convinced the President that siding with McConnell in a GOP primary in Alabama was the right thing . It became an embarrassment that pitted the White House against Bannon . Weeks later , the President is still fuming that Bannon won .
How Ryan sees the fight
In the House , aides to Ryan are equally exasperated with the Bannon theatrics . In an interview , Ryan all but rolled their eyes at Bannon and Breitbart , which have repeatedly sought to oust the Speaker , too , from their gig . “ Death , taxes and attacks from Breitbart , ” Ryan deadpanned to MSNBC . “ I 'm so used to that . ”
That does n't mean it makes Ryan 's life any easier . Many of Ryan 's members live in fear that Bannon will send cash and candidates to their districts to make a play at their seat from the right . Ryan knows the play well , having weathered an annoying primary last year . Breitbart heralded it as a real threat and launched almost daily attacks on the Speaker . Ryan won with 84 % of the primary vote . “ I do n't think it 's helpful to go after fellow Republicans , ” Ryan says .
Still , the Bannon threats hang large over the entire party . Trump , McConnell and Ryan stand to lose bigly should Bannon prevail . Aides to this unlikely trio understand the stakes . McConnell tried to make sure the President understood them when they met privately on Oct. 16 . “ You have to nominate people who can actually win , because winners make policy and losers go home , ” McConnell told reporters after the session .
Implicit in the message : The President needs to leash their attack dog lest they all wind up at the mercy of a Democratic Senate .
The 2018 map favors the GOP . Trump won many of the states where Democrats are on defense : West Virginia by 42 percentage points , North Dakota by 36 points and Indiana by 19 points . But the party could lose the majority in the Senate if Bannon ushers fringe candidates to the general election in places like Utah , Mississippi and Montana . At a minimum , defending incumbent Republicans could cost the GOP cash it needs elsewhere , such as Senate races in Ohio , Missouri and Indiana .
A Democratic Senate , armed with subpoena power , could revisit every aspect of Trump 's time in office . It would spell a nightmare for Trump 's lawyers , who are already fighting battles with an independent prosecutor , House and Senate Intelligence panels and public opinion polls .
Separately , if Democrats net 24 seats , they can claim the House majority . Bannon could help weaken GOP incumbents in the lower chamber , just as he 's threatening the Senate colleagues .
Republicans are starting to sound the alarm that they may deserve to be vulnerable if they prove incapable of delivering on this opportunity . “ If we do nothing , ” Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas says , “ if tax reform crashes and burns , if ( on ) Obamacare , nothing happens , we could face a bloodbath . We have the potential to see a Watergate-level blowout. ” What they neglect to mention is that he 's the lone Senator up for re-election in 2018 whom Bannon has vowed not to primary .
Major donors are clearly frustrated . Three fundraisers for conservative committees and super PACs say they 're having trouble making the case to moneyed friends that the fight is worth continuing . After all , things are clearly stalled on the legislative side despite years of promises . As one fundraiser put it bluntly : “ The donors are pissed . ”
These donors are sounding off . At a private session in New York last week , one donor told lawmakers they needed to get serious about the tax goals , and set aside specifics of the budget for a year . “ Who wins Congress is n't going to be decided on a budget , ” the donor said . “ It will be decided whether taxes go down or stay the same . ”
Senior Republicans , while acknowledging McConnell is not loved by the base , say Bannon could tap into much of the same frustration they did when they ran the Trump campaign late last year . That campaign 's message—focused on emotion , not specifics—still has resonance . “ The change people wanted was n't because they did n't like Obama 's Syria policy , or , man , I do n't like the Iran deal , ” said another McConnell ally . “ No , 50 % of Americans said they live paycheck-to-paycheck . When they voted for change , they wanted help on that . People do n't care about tax plans that create 9 million jobs . They are concerned about one job : theirs . ”
Many GOP consultants are urging clients to hold their nose on the budget so that they can get to the tax cuts . “ If we pass a middle-class tax cut , it pops Steve Bannon 's balloon , ” said a veteran Republican strategist with the keys to a major super PAC . “ If they do a big celebration with the President in the Rose Garden , ” the strategist added , “ what 's Steve Bannon going to say ? ‘ Those tax cuts suck ? ' ”
First , though , these lawmakers have to pass a budget in the Senate . Then they need to tack on tax provisions . Then the House and Senate have to hammer out the differences in a conference committee . And then the President has to sign the compromise document . It 's a tall order in the remaining 37 days the Senate meets , and the 28 working days left for the House before lawmakers leave for a December holiday .
Write to Philip Elliott at philip.elliott @ time.com .
IBM has announced availability of System S software that enables massive amounts of data to be analyzed in real time .
System S is based on the SPADE programming language . SPADE , short for `` Stream Processing Application Declarative Engine '' , is a programming language and a compilation infrastructure specifically built for streaming systems . It is designed to facilitate the programming of large streaming applications , as well as their efficient and effective mapping to a wide variety of target architectures , including clusters , multicore architectures , and processors such as the multicore Cell processor . The SPADE programming language allows stream processing applications to be written with the finest granularity of operators that is meaningful to the application , and the SPADE compiler appropriately fuses operators and generates a stream processing graph to be run on the Stream Processing Core of System S .
At the same time , IBM also announced the opening of the IBM European Stream Computing Center , headquartered in Dublin , Ireland that will serve as a hub of research , customer support and advanced testing for European clients interested in stream computing . Finally , IBM is making System S trial code available at no cost to help clients better understand the software 's capabilities and how they can take advantage of it for their business . This trial code includes developer tools , adapters , and software to test applications .
System S is built for perpetual analytics utilizing a new streaming architecture and mathematical algorithms to create a forward-looking analysis of data from any source , narrowing down precisely what people are looking for and continuously refining the answer as additional data is made available .
For example , System S can analyze hundreds or thousands of simultaneous data streams -- stock prices , retail sales , weather reports , etc . -- and deliver nearly instantaneous analysis to business leaders who need to make split-second decisions . The software can help all organizations that need to react to changing conditions in real time , such as government and law enforcement agencies , financial institutions , retailers , transportation companies , healthcare organizations , and more .
Traditional computing models retrospectively analyze stored data and can not continuously process massive amounts of incoming data streams that affect critical decision-making . System S is designed to help clients become more `` real-world aware , '' seeing and responding to changes across complex systems .
By Jared Prestwidge
We 're well past the halfway point now , Schmoedown fans ! Just three weeks ago there were sixteen pairs vying for the spot at Spectacular , and now we are down to just four .
While there was a surprising amount of TKO 's on display , the matches this week were still hotly contested and gave us a lot to talk about .
Without further ado , here are our picks for the best of the best in Round Two of the Ultimate Schmoedown Team Tournament…
BEST ENTRANCE : DC Movie News
So , I 've had a couple days to fully process what I witnessed , and uh… I 'm impressed ! Adam Gertler – dressed as Harley Quinn or the Joker ? – coming out to ‘ Holding Out for a Hero ' by Bonnie Tyler will likely go down as one of the most unexpected things in the history of the Movie Trivia Schmoedown .
Even Kristian Harloff and Ken Napzok at the commentary desk could barely find the words to describe what they were seeing , all they could do was watch . It was art , ladies and gentlemen , pure unadulterated art .
BIGGEST UPSET : Team Action
Now before the Action Army comes at me , Action defeating Trek is n't the upset – both are strong teams , and are worthy to have made it this far – but few expected such a one-sided contest given how well matched the two teams seemed beforehand .
Ben Bateman and Andrew Ghai were on absolute fire , scoring 13 points in the first round with nine in the second and a one-point steal to snap up a TKO against the former No . 1 contenders .
Action is no joke , and they will continue to trouble the top of the rankings until they win the belts they so yearn .
BEST MOMENT : Top 10 Shatter the Points Scoring Record
After the dismantling they suffered at the hands of the Patriots on July 4th , many began to question Top 10 's place in the league . Can John Rocha and Matt Knost hang with the new powerhouse teams coming out of the woodwork ? Maybe they were past their prime . We need n't have worried .
The two remaining members of the Four Horseman went up against worthy competition in Blofeld 's Cat , with Rocha leading the way with Knost providing ample support . They traded questions in Round Two amassing 11 points in ‘ Sports Movies ' .
Both did simply what they needed to do in Round Three , each hitting their respective questions to earn a record-breaking 34 points total . In celebrating the win , we caught a glimpse of “ The Outlaw ” of old , who stared right in the camera and asked : “ Who 's next ? ” .
BEST INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE : Ben Bateman
This year 's tournament has seen a true breakout star in Ben Bateman . This week in particular , they excelled in not just movie trivia , but in mental warfare and theatricality . I 'm willing to state that these three things working in tandem sealed Team Trek 's fate .
You could tell their Scott Mantz impression shook “ The Mantz Man ” up , leaving Bateman to get down to business . They yet again scored seven points in Round One and – despite Andrew Ghai 's claims that they worked through Round Two more or less equally – Bateman was the guy taking charge by thinking it through and answering the questions .
The guy can most certainly bark , but the rest of the league need to watch out for theirs bite .
BEST TEAM PERFORMANCE : Wolves of Steel
Holy Clarke ! Holy Mark ! It 's easy to say that you want the belts , but actually following through is another thing entirely . With a TKO in the first round , and now a KO against bracket darlings Late to the Party , Wolves of Steel are tracking their final run in buckets of blood .
Seven points in the first round for Clarke , and nine for Reilly . Eleven points in the second with a two-point steal ending with 29 total ! ? This is a record that we may not see broken for a long while .
It 's just a shame that Wolves of Steel and Above the Line are on the same side of the bracket , because a match between the two best performing teams in the tournament only belongs in the final . Alas , there can be only one .
—
# WhoYaGot for the semi-finals ? ! Here 's my predictions :
Top 10 TO DEFEAT Action
Above the Line TO DEFEAT Wolves of Steel
Are your brackets still intact ? What did you make of the second round of the tournament , and who is heading for the final ? Have your say in the comments below !
Mark the Hermit : Love of Christ is tested by adversity
Desert Fathers and Mark the Hermit and PATRISTIC ascetical theology , Christ , creation , faith , logismoi , love , nous , passions , pleasure , repentance , sin , spiritual warfare , struggles , temptation , thoughts , virtues , world Mark Armitage 9:12 am
Every thought has its weight and measure in God 's sight .
For it is possible to think about the same thing either passionately or objectively .
After fulfilling a commandment expect to be tempted : for love of Christ is tested by adversity .
Never belittle the significance of your thoughts , for not one escapes God 's notice .
[ … ] The enemy , understanding how the justice of the spiritual law is applied , seeks only the assent of our mind .
Having secured this , they will either oblige us to undergo the labors of repentance or , if we do not repent , will torment us with misfortunes beyond our control .
Sometimes they encourage us to resist these misfortunes so as to increase our torment , and then , at our death , they will point to this impatient resistance as proof of our lack of faith .
Many have fought in various ways against circumstances ; but without prayer and repentance no one has escaped evil .
Evils reinforce each other ; so do virtues , thus encouraging us to still greater efforts .
The devil belittles small sins ; otherwise they can not lead us into greater ones .
Praise from others engenders sinful desire , while their condemnation of vice , if not only heard but accepted , engenders self-restraint .
[ … ] All vice is caused by self-esteem and sensual pleasure ; you can not overcome passion without hating them .
‘ Avarice is the root of all evil ' ( 1 Tim . 6:10 ) ; but avarice is clearly a product of these two components .
The intellect is made blind by these three passions : avarice , self-esteem and sensual pleasure .
Scripture calls these three the daughters of the horseleech , dearly loved by their mother folly ( cf . Prov . 30:15 , LXX ) .
These three passions on their own dull spiritual knowledge and faith , the foster-brothers of our nature .
It is because of them that wrath , anger , war , murder and all other evils have such power over humankind .
We must hate avarice , self-esteem and sensual pleasure , as mothers of the vices and stepmothers of the virtues .
Because of them we are commanded not to love ‘ the world ' and ‘ the things that are in the world ' ( 1 John 2:15 ) ; not so that we should hate God 's creation through lack of discernment , but so that we should eliminate the occasions for these three passions .
‘ The soldier going to war ' , it is said , ‘ does not entangle themselves in the affairs of this world ' ( 2 Tim . 2:4 ) .
For they who entangles themselves with the passions while trying to overcome them is like a man who tries to put out a fire with straw .
Mark the Hermit ( 5th-6th c. ) : On The Spiritual Law , 87-89 , 91-95 , 99-107 , Text from G.E.H . Palmer , Philip Sherrard , and Kallistos Ware ( trans . and eds . ) The Philokalia : The Complete Text , vol . I ( Faber & Faber , London & Boston : 1979 ) , pp . 116-117 .
Advertisements
Playoff matchups now set
Now that all the games for this season have been completed , we finally have our 1st round matchups ! You can check out the bracket Playoff bracket . Both the first round and the lower bracket first round are to be scheduled by the teams , and added onto the above bracket . Once you have arranged your game , contact either Robb , or one of our mods to add the time to the bracket . Viewers can then check the bracket to see when their favorite teams are playing !
First Round - To be played between 05/06 – 11/06
Taruo Party & Falstad Still Bugged were unable to take part in 1st division tiebreakers due to lack of availability and as such are not eligible for playoffs .
After these games have been played , there is a break then the first round of the lower bracket will take place between 20/06 – 23/06 .
Playoff weekend schedule
We have a preliminary schedule for the weekend playoff games that take place during the weekend of 24/06 – 25/06 that you can see below . The number corresponds to the game number on the challonge bracket linked above . All times are subject to future change , delays and caster availability .
Robb will be running the show on the day once again , making sure all the teams are ready at the right times , and the casters know where they are going . So , if you have any questions on that weekend feel free to drop Robb a message as they will be chained to their computer all day .
Playoff rule changes
As with last season , we are making a few rules for the playoffs , as listed below .
Maximum of 10-minute delay per game . Opposing team will not be allowed to extend ( weekend only )
Subs to approved by Mods/Casters . Opposing team to still be informed .
Subs must be approved before 12:00 at the start of each day .
There is no MMR limit on subs , but they must not currently be taking part in the playoffs
Subs-mid tournament are allowed , but opposing team will have to agree .
A sub is only eligible to sub for one team throughout the duration of the playoffs , and must be added to the sub register for that team ( If you intend to take a sub for the playoffs they MUST be listed on this register . )
Bracket Challenge
We are having another favorite from last season return , the bracket prediction challenge ! To take part all you need to do is go to this Bracket then click create a prediction . Fill out who you think will win each game , and that 's it !
The winner will get their very own mYinsanity jersey signed by Khaldor ! The predictions must be in before the opening game of the playoffs is played , which will likely be on Monday 5th June , so make sure to get your brackets fill in as soon as possible .
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman boasted Sunday that West Bank settlement building numbers were the highest they have been since in over 20 years , and warned that clamoring for more construction could bring the whole enterprise tumbling down .
Responding to criticism from settler leaders over what they believe to be an insufficient amount of construction in the West Bank , Liberman warned that the rate of building was as high as it could possibly go .
“ Anyone who claims that it was possible to approve more construction in the settlements is not just trying to stretch the rope but to tear it completely , thereby endangering the entire settlement enterprise , ” the defense minister said at the start of the weekly cabinet meeting .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ There was and will not be a government that will take better care of the Jewish settlement in Judea and Samaria , ” Liberman added , using the biblical term for the West Bank . They said settlement building numbers for the first half of 2017 were the highest they have been since 1992 .
Liberman , who is required to authorize each approval by the Civil Administration 's High Planning Subcommittee , said 3,651 housing units were greenlighted last week and a total of 8,345 units have been okayed since the beginning of the calendar year , terming the figures “ the maximum . ”
The figures were similar to those published by settlement watchdog Peace Now last week .
Counting plans and tenders , Peace Now said 7,721 units had been advanced this year , almost triple the number for all of 2016 , which amounted to 2,699 .
Peace Now could not immediately say whether it agreed that this year 's figures were the highest since 1992 , which is before settlement construction slowed as a result of the Oslo accords .
Last week , settler leaders blasted as unsatisfactory the number of construction projects advanced by the subcommittee .
The uproar led to a meeting on Thursday between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the heads of various West Bank regional councils to discuss ways to further advance settlement building .
While the settler leaders left the meeting speaking of a positive atmosphere , they were unable to name any concrete gains .
Samaria Regional Council Head Yossi Dagan dismissed Liberman 's numbers on Sunday , saying they had been mistallied . “ I have great respect for the defense minister , but their numbers are unfortunately incorrect , ” they said .
Dagan claimed that in order for Liberman to arrive at their figure of 8,345 , the defense minister double-counted many of the housing units . “ The actual number is less than 2,000 , in comparison to the 20,000 units that the cabinet approved for Arab residents living in Area C of Judea and Samaria , ” they said , the part of the West Bank that is under Israeli administrative and military control . They accused the government of having a de facto settlement freeze .
Among the plans advanced by the Civil Administration 's High Planning Subcommittee last week were 102 housing units for the new settlement of Amichai built for evacuees of the illegal Amona outpost .
An Israeli government-sanctioned settlement would be the first official new settlement in a quarter of a century .
Also approved by the subcommittee were 839 and 603 housing units for the Ariel and Ma'ale Adumim settlements respectively .
In addition , the Defense Ministry body approved 255 housing units in the Kerem Re'im outpost near the settlement of Talmon , west of Ramallah , retroactively legalizing an illegal outpost .
“ The Defense Ministry approved the planning of Kerem Re'im as a ‘ neighborhood ' of Talmon when the two are considerably far away from one another , ” Lior Amichai of the Peace Now settlement watchdog pointed out . “ This goes against the government 's agreement not to build outside of existing neighborhoods . ”
Today Caitlyn Jenner introduced themselves to the world in a fabulous Vanity Fair spread . “ Call me Caitlyn , ” they tell the public in this latest cover story and through their recently launched @ Caitlyn­­_Jenner Twitter handle .
It is important that people do actually call them Caitlyn .
Words matter and erasing the identity of trans people by calling them by their birth names and birth-assigned sex is an act of hatred — one that is inextricable from the brutal violence that so many trans people , particularly trans women of color , encounter just for existing in the world .
How we talk about trans people sets the tone for the world in which trans people live .
And because young trans people are dying by suicide and trans women of color are being murdered at alarming rates , those of us forming public narratives about trans celebrities have an obligation to tell those stories with care .
When we write about Caitlyn Jenner , their name and narrative will give enough context . There is no need to mention what their name used to be or what sex they were assigned at birth . And as writer and activist Janet Mock brilliantly explained to Piers Morgan , neither Janet nor Caitlyn were “ born boys. ” They were born babies and they are women — brave and fabulous women .
But as brave and fabulous as Caitlyn Jenner is , and they are both of those things , their story is so far from the story of most trans peoples ' lives and should not eclipse the truth of the fight for trans justice .
Telling their story with care means using the right name and pronoun , but it also means highlighting the extent to which it is not the typical trans story . Them story can only be told by also telling the stories of the trans people who are struggling to survive systemic discrimination .
Health care for transgender people remains highly stigmatized and largely unavailable for the majority of trans people . Both private ( i.e. , employer ) and public ( i.e . Medicaid ) insurance plans continue to have blanket bans on coverage for health care related to gender transition . Even where there has been progress on coverage generally , insurance coverage for care that trans women need is still elusive .
For example , the facial feminization surgery that Caitlyn describes in Vanity Fair is almost universally excluded from coverage . This means that most trans people , particularly trans women of color , can not access the basic care that they need . It means that going to the doctor feels like a battle — if a trans person can get there at all . It means that trans people participate in criminalized economics like the drug and sex trades to pay for the health care they need or seek the care from friends or unsupervised black markets . It means that trans people die seeking the care they need to live .
To tell Caitlyn 's story with care is to demand justice for trans people .
We must not tell Caitlyn 's story in a vacuum that erases the history of trans organizing , mobilizing , and celebrity of the many trans women who came before them and made them Vanity Fair cover possible . Janet . Laverne . Major . Sylvia . Marsha .
We must not exclaim that Caitlyn looks “ fabulous ” without interrogating our standards for which trans people get to grace the covers of magazines and all the while continuing to keep the health care that brings life to trans people out of reach .
We must not celebrate Caitlyn without mourning Islan , Lamia , Penny , and the hundreds of other trans women , mostly of color , we have lost to violence . This violence is n't just at the hands of hateful partners or strangers , but violence in the arms of hateful and exclusionary systems .
Thank you , Caitlyn , for bravely sharing your truth . May your platform shed light on these injustices and the leaders who have been fighting to make them known .
The grass is always greener…especially when one side is a golf course and the other is a cemetery .
Northwood/Soldiers Field belongs to Hartford , but to drive there legally , you have to enter through Windsor . As you can see , those on foot can cross over — so to speak — from Keney Park .
Every so often , local media fixate on a few of Hartford 's cemeteries , with Soldiers Field being among them . A fairly recent look at the mess in Zion Hill included assumptions that the toppled gravestones were motivated by antisemitism . In truth , you would be hard pressed to find a cemetery where conditions were completely acceptable . Vandalism , erosion , storm damage , wear-and-tear to the roadways , and more leave most of these spots less than ideal .
Spending some time up in the North East neighborhood ( and the Windsor/Hartford area of ambiguity ) this past week gave me the chance to stop and listen . Horses neighing , roosters crowing , and squirrels rustling leaves and barking within Keney Park . A man calling to their buddy from across the pond . An emergency vehicle moving along Vine Street with its siren on .
And then there were the smells of pine sap and ash .
Litter and illegal dumping have long been issues in the parks , but it was the late-November 2015 arson that has kept me out of Keney Park for a few months .
When I heard that someone intentionally set fires in a wooded area of the park , not far from the horse stables , I was livid . For all the coverage the actual fires received , there did not seem to be an “ after ” photos . I was afraid to see how much of the woods had burned .
Then , last month , there was a motor vehicle fire — arson — just south of the pond in Keney Park . Pieces of an incinerated vehicle remain .
Even with its rougher edges , it 's a peaceful spot . In my visits , I have either found other park goers to be friendly , or just ignore me entirely . Kids were throwing rocks into the pond . Neighbors , on foot , schlepped their clubs to the golf course . Families made use of the playground . It 's one of those spots I want more people to recognize and use , while at the same time wanting to redirect them to Bushnell Park or Elizabeth Park so that the general quiet in Keney Park does not change .
If you 're not going to leave just footprints , at least leave it nicer than you found it . Instructions below :
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis arrives as their meeting with Ajit Doval , National Security Advisor of India , at the Pentagon in Washington , U.S. , March 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - Iran rejected an allegation by U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis that it was “ the primary exporter of terrorism ” and said on Saturday that the main source was U.S. ally Saudi Arabia .
“ Some countries led by America are determined to ignore the main source of Takfiri-Wahhabi terrorism and extremism , ” foreign ministry spokesperson Bahram Ghasemi was quoted by Iran 's state news agency IRNA as saying .
They were referring to hardline Sunni Muslim groups and Saudi Arabia 's official Wahhabi school of Islam .
Saudi Arabia denies backing terrorism and has cracked down on jihadists at home , jailing thousands , stopping hundreds from traveling to fight abroad and cutting militant finances .
Shi'ite Muslim power Iran and Saudi Arabia , bastion of Sunni Islam and a close U.S. ally , are longstanding religious and political arch rivals and often accused each other of backing terrorism . Relations are fraught as they back each other 's foes in regional wars such as in Yemen , Iraq and Syria .
“ Giving a wrong address when referring to the roots and the financial and intellectual resources of terrorism is a main reason for a lack of success by international anti-terror efforts , ” Ghasemi added .
Ghasemi was reacting to remarks by Mattis on Friday when they were asked about comments they made in 2012 that the three main threats the United States faced were “ Iran , Iran , Iran ” .
“ At the time when I spoke about Iran I was a commander of U.S. Central Command and that ( Iran ) was the primary exporter of terrorism , frankly , it was the primary state sponsor of terrorism and it continues that kind of behavior today , ” Mattis told reporters .
We 're passionate about games but this just takes the cake : A RuneScape enthusiast is facing up to 15 years in prison after an alleged attempt to force a fellow gamer to hand over 4.7 billion coins .
According to the New York Post , Humza Bajwa is accused of pulling a realistic-looking gun on David Emani in an attempt to force the transaction . Emani , who was acting as a representative for coin-owner Jonathan Dokler , met Bajwa in a Fordham University classroom and became suspicious when they noticed the $ 3,300 in cash that Bajwa had agreed to pay looked fake .
Over the phone , Emani advised Dokler to cancel the transaction , but Dokler was keen to continue so a second meeting was arranged for the following night . With a real $ 100 bill in hand for comparison , Emani accused Bajwa of using fake bills . It was then that Bajwa produced a realistic-looking BB gun . Emani says of the incident , `` I could n't believe I was about to get shot over RuneScape ! I was so scared I was about to die . ''
Once the transaction was completed , Bajwa left Emani unharmed and still in possession of their $ 100 .
Cops busted Bajwa on July 24 after talking to the victims and checking surveillance footage . Bajwa was charged with second-degree robbery and grand larceny and posted $ 20,000 bail . They face up to 15 years in prison if convicted .
Friend of PC Gamer , Matt Lees also got strangely corrupted by Runescape 's currency many years ago . Read about their exploits here .
About Those Google+ User Numbers …
Since its inception , it has been tough to tell just how well Google 's social network , Google+ , is doing . Every time Google+ releases a new set of user number statistics , their accuracy and methods are almost immediately called into question .
According to information released on Thursday , it seems that skepticism was well warranted .
Take Amir Efrati 's Thursday morning story on Google+ , which called into question the 300 million active , “ in the stream ” user visits Google+ recently claimed it received each month .
As Efrati wrote , citing anonymous sources , and Google confirmed to AllThingsD , the “ stream ” is more broadly defined than one would think . It also means clicking on the little red bell or share icons you see across all of Google 's properties .
Quoth Google , in a statement to AllThingsD :
“ Yes , clicking on the notifications bell does count in our monthly actives metric for the Stream . If you click anywhere which leads to the Stream being loaded and displayed , we count you as viewing the Stream . The Stream is rendered on mobile ( Android and iOS ) , on the Web at plus.google.com , and when you click and open a notification view of the Stream on desktop properties . ”
To be fair to Google+ , yes , you can still reach and use Google+ from all other Google sites . Click the bell when you 're in your Gmail account screen and you 'll indeed be presented with a small , stream-like view of Google+ content . It 's possible that people are sharing from there .
And what 's more , competitors like Facebook also define monthly active users fairly broadly . The numbers include people who use third-party website widgets to share — the “ Like ” or “ tweet ” buttons you 'll see on sites like ours , for instance .
The problem is , as Google presents it , we ca n't tell if users actually intend to use and share on Google+ , or if they 're just clicking on the notifications bell to get rid of it — glaring red and bright against the plain white and gray background of Google 's properties .
So this leaves us , the critics and skeptics , back at a bit of a loss . Perhaps there are a significant number of people actively using and sharing on Google+ from other Google-owned sites .
Or perhaps it 's as dead as lots of people like to joke it is .
We just do n't know . And until Google decides to break down specifically how and from where people are visiting “ the stream , ” I doubt we 'll ever really have a notion of the network 's health .
Federica Mogherini , High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the European Commission , visited Kuwait today and was received by Their Highness the Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al–Jaber Al-Sabah . Following an audience at Al-Bayan Palace with Their Highness the Emir , Mogherini met with the First deputy Premier , Minister of Foreign Affairs Sheikh Sabah Al-Khalid Al Sabah in the presence of the Emir 's emissary Sheikh Mohammad A. Al Mubarak Al Sabah .
The High Representative paid tribute to the relentless mediation efforts undertaken by Kuwait with the personal involvement of Their Highness the Emir to find a solution to the current political crisis in the Gulf and reiterated the EU 's continued support to Kuwait in this endeavour .
The High Representative underlined that the current situation should be resolved through dialogue and without delay . They called on all the parties to enter into negotiations to agree clear principles and a roadmap for a swift resolution of the crisis . The longer this crisis lasts , the more damaging it will be not only for the GCC ( Gulf Cooperation Council ) but also for the stability of our common neighbourhood . The EU would be ready to support the process of negotiation and assist in the implementation of a plan for the resolution of the crisis , in particular in the area of counterterrorism .
During the meetings with the First deputy Premier , Mogherini also exchanged views on the region , in particular Syria and Iraq , and discussed how to foster the EU 's bilateral relations with Kuwait through the implementation of the Cooperation Arrangement between the European External Action Service and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kuwait . They discussed ideas in particular on how to support Kuwait 's Vision 2035 through focussed work on economic cooperation and energy as well as on enhancing cooperation and coordination in EU and Kuwait development and humanitarian aid .
FBI agents and Indiana State Police raided the home of Subway restaurant spokesperson Jared Fogle on Tuesday , removing electronics from the property and searching the house with a police dog , two months after the then-executive director of Fogle 's foundation was arrested on child pornography charges .
FBI agent Wendy Osborne said the agency was conducting an investigation in Zionsville , an affluent Indianapolis suburb , but would n't say whether it involved Fogle or describe the nature of the investigation .
Subway said in a statement that it is `` very concerned '' about the raid , which it believes `` is related to a prior investigation '' of a former employee of the Jared Foundation , an organization founded by Fogle to raise awareness about childhood obesity . Subway did not immediately say whether that employee was former foundation executive director Russell Taylor .
The company had removed references to Fogle from its website by late afternoon and issued another statement , saying the two `` have mutually agreed to suspend their relationship due to the current investigation . ''
`` Jared continues to cooperate with authorities and they expect no actions to be forthcoming , '' the company said . `` Both Jared and Subway agree that this was the appropriate step to take . ''
Federal prosecutors in May filed a criminal complaint charging Taylor , 43 , with seven counts of production of child pornography and one count of possession of child pornography . Fogle issued a statement after the charges were filed saying they were shocked by the allegations and was severing all ties with Taylor .
The Indianapolis Star photographed Fogle stepping out of a police evidence van parked outside their home Tuesday morning , and they left the house just after noon with attorney Ron Elberger . Fogle declined to comment , but Elberger later released a statement saying their client is cooperating with authorities .
`` Jared has been cooperating , and continues to cooperate , with law enforcement in their investigation of unspecified charges , and looks forward to its conclusion , '' Elberger said .
'We are very concerned and will be monitoring the situation closely , ' a Subway spokesperson said after Fogle 's home was searched . The restaurant and Fogle have now cut ties . ( Matt Sayles/Invision/Associated Press )
Fogle , 37 , became the Subway restaurant chain 's pitchman after shedding 245 pounds more than 15 years ago , in part by regularly eating Subway sandwiches . Subway began featuring Fogle in commercials soon after , and their story was instrumental in giving the sandwich chain an image as a healthy place to eat .
During a search of Taylor 's home this spring , federal investigators say they discovered a cache of sexually explicit photos and videos Taylor allegedly produced by secretly filming minor children at the home . They said they also allegedly found more than 400 videos of child pornography on computers and storage media recovered from Taylor 's home office in their Indianapolis residence .
Taylor 's attorney , Brad Banks , said Tuesday their client was briefly hospitalized after the allegations surfaced but is now in federal custody . Sheriff 's officials have said Taylor tried to take their own life in jail .
`` The only thing I can say is that I 'm aware that there 's an ongoing investigation , '' Banks said .
Tim Horty , a spokesperson for the U.S. attorney 's office in Indianapolis , said prosecutors `` are moving forward '' with the case against Taylor . They declined to comment on Tuesday 's raid at Fogle 's home .
Neighbours said Fogle and their wife entertained frequently and would say hello but that they did n't see the couple outside a lot .
Jacob Schrader , 19 , who lives across from Fogle 's house , said the pitchman seems `` like a pretty private guy '' and that he 'd only seen them about a dozen times in the last five or six years .
`` He 's like an endangered species or something like that , '' Schrader said .
Subway , which is based in Milford , Conn. , and is privately held , has struggled in recent years . Last year , industry tracker Technomic said average sales for Subway stores in the U.S. declined 3 per cent from the previous year . The company has about 44,000 locations around the world .
Nintendo misses profits forecasts by 50 % due to weak Wii U , 3DS sales Only 390,000 Wii U units sold in past three months
Matt Martin European Editor Wednesday 24th April 2013 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Nintendo
Nintendo has recorded full-year profits of ¥7 billion ( $ 71.2m / £46.7m ) for the financial year , half its estimated profits of ¥14bn .
Sales were ¥635.4 billion ( $ 6.3bn / £4.1bn ) compared to targets of ¥670 billion , revised down by the company in January . The company suffered an operating loss of ¥36.4 billion ( $ 364m / £239.5m ) .
Although Nintendo has failed to hit estimated results , the company has managed to turn a profit compared to last year , where it recorded a huge loss of ¥43.2 billion ( $ 433m / £284m ) .
Nintendo blamed weak sales of the Wii U and 3DS consoles for the performance this year . In the last three months it only sold 390,000 Wii U units worldwide .
Again , full-year hardware sales did not live up to company expectations , with the Wii U selling 3.45 million units instead of the projected 4 million , with software sales of 13.42 million units .
Looking at software sales , Nintendo Land for Wii U sold 2.6 million units and New Super Mario Bros U 2.15 million .
Lifetime-to-date sales of the 3DS are now 31.09 hardware units and 95.03 software units . It sold 13.95 million 3DS units during the financial year , below projections of 15 million .
New Super Mario Bros. 2 for the 3DS sold 6.42 million units worldwide during the year , while combined packaged and digital sales of Animal Crossing : New Leaf hit over three million units in Japan .
For the 2014 financial year Nintendo estimates it will sell 9 million Wii U units and 38 million games , along with 18 million 3DS consoles and 80 million games . Net profits are expected to be ¥55 billion with sales of ¥920 billion .
Deputy PM Bill English says the govt has taken a view there 's no need for a public holiday .
The Government has made it very clear : The Land Wars commemoration day will not be a public holiday .
A commemorative day was announced last week after pressure from local communities and a school-led petition asked for a day of recognition .
However , Deputy Prime Minister Bill English said some people have misunderstood what has been agreed .
FAIRFAX NZ Otorohanga College students presented a 13,000-signature petition to Parliament in support of a national commemoration of the 19th-century Land Wars .
`` We 've taken a view that there 's no need for a public holiday and in any case , there is n't yet agreement about a date even just for a commemoration . ''
READ MORE :
* Taranaki leaders happy with Maori land wars national public holiday
* Date to be set for a national day to commemorate the New Zealand Wars
* Government announces Land Wars Day at Turangawaewae
The decision had come out of discussion with the Maori Party , and English was `` pretty sure '' it had approved by Cabinet . Yet , Maori Party co-leader Marama Fox called for a public holiday and believed it was `` still up for debate '' .
ANDY JACKSON/FAIRFAX NZ Labour leader Andrew Little suggested provincial holidays could be scrapped in lieu of a national NZ Wars commemoration day .
English also said any commemorations on the day should be locally-led .
`` The Government provides some resource , but this has to be something that people want to own , not something that 's pushed on them , '' English said .
`` It 's up to the people who want to see a commemoration occur . There was a bit of a ceremony last week with the handover of one of the pa sites to Tainui where a significant battle occurred in the Waikato . There may be more of that . That 'll unfold as we go . ''
Prime Minister John Key said no progress had been made yet on choosing a date : `` We are saying it 's likely there might be agreement at some point that that commemoration date can be set , but it would be also subject , I think , to iwi agreeing . ''
SWAP EXISTING HOLIDAYS FOR LAND WARS ?
A current public holiday could possibly we swapped out , says Labour leader Andrew Little - suggesting provincial holidays could be scrapped in lieu of a national New Zealand Wars commemoration day .
`` I do n't understand why we continue to celebrate provincial holidays when we have n't had provincial government since 1863 . ''
They agreed the Queen 's Birthday holiday could be another option .
`` There is a case to be made for an observance by way of a day off , '' they said .
However , Peeni Henare , Labour MP for Tamaki Makaurau , did n't think it should be made a holiday .
`` It was made clear in the first consultation that happened a number of months ago that it would not be made a public holiday , but simply a day for commemoration , '' Henare said .
`` There are some costs involved , there are already a number of public holidays ... I 'm quite clear as the Chairperson of the Ruapekapeka Pa Trust that it should n't be a holiday . ''
Little supported the Government setting aside a day in principle : `` We ought to be observing our own internal land wars in the way that we observe conflicts and casualties in other wars that we 've participated in . ''
Little also believed more needed to be taught at schools about the New Zealand wars .
`` We should n't be embarrassed by it , we should accept that it 's happened in the past , and we should learn from it and embrace what we have now , which is a set of legal arrangements that ensure that the Treaty of Waitangi is starting now to be observed – not only in the law but in the spirit . ''
Green Party co-leader Metiria Turei said a public holiday during winter should be part of consideration by the Government .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan scrambled fighter jets on Thursday after a Chinese government plane entered what Japan considers its airspace over disputed islets in the East China Sea , escalating tension between Asia 's two biggest economies .
A projected map of Japan 's territorial waters are seen through a reporter 's silhouette during a news conference by Japan Coast Guard Commandant Takashi Kitamura ( not pictured ) , at the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Japan in Tokyo December 13 , 2012 . REUTERS/Issei Kato
Japan protested to China over the incident but China brushed the complaint off saying the flight by the Chinese aircraft was “ completely normal ” .
Sino-Japanese relations took a tumble in September after Japan bought the tiny islands , called Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China , from a private Japanese owner .
Patrol ships from the two countries have been shadowing each other since then in a standoff that has raised concern that a collision could escalate into a clash . Thursday 's incident was the first time both sides used aircraft in the dispute .
“ Despite our repeated warnings , Chinese government ships have entered our territorial waters for three days in an row , ” Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Osama Fujimura told reporters .
“ It is extremely regrettable that , on top of that , an intrusion into our airspace has been committed in this way , ” they said , adding that Japan had formally protested through diplomatic channels .
Japan 's military scrambled eight F-15 fighter jets , the Defence Ministry said . Japanese officials later said the Chinese aircraft had left the area .
VIDEO : Confident China flexes military muscle link.reuters.com/geq44t
It was the first time a Chinese aircraft had intruded into Japan 's airspace near the disputed islands , Japan 's Defence Ministry said .
Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda later instructed the government to be “ all the more on guard ” , the Kyodo news agency reported .
China 's state maritime agency said a marine surveillance plane had joined four Chinese vessels patrolling around the islands and the fleet had ordered Japanese boats to leave the area immediately .
“ The Diaoyu islands and affiliated islands are part of China 's inherent territory . China 's flight over the islands is completely normal , ” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei told a briefing in Beijing .
Japanese analysts said it was a significant escalation .
“ This is serious ... intrusion into Japan 's airspace is a very important step to erode Japan 's effective control over the area , ” said Kazuya Sakamoto , a professor at Osaka University . “ If China sends a military plane as a next step , that would really make Japan 's control precarious . ”
Toshiyuki Shikata , a Teikyo University professor and a retired general , said the use of aircraft by both sides was significant .
“ Something accidental is more likely to happen with planes than with ships , ” they said .
“ SACRED TERRITORY ”
The incident comes just days before a Japanese election that is expected to return to power the conservative Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) with hawkish former prime minister Shinzo Abe at the helm .
Abe has vowed to take a tough stance in the dispute over the islands , which are near potentially huge maritime gas reserves , and has said that the ruling Democratic Party 's mishandling of its diplomacy had emboldened China .
Abe has also promised to boost spending on defence including on the coastguard .
Smaller Asian countries such as the Philippines have also become increasingly worried about Beijing 's growing military assertiveness and its claims to disputed islands in the South China Sea .
U.S. President Barack Obama urged Asian leaders during a visit to the region in November to rein in tension over territorial disputes .
Washington does not take a position on the sovereignty of the islands but says they are clearly covered by a 1960 security treaty obliging the United States to come to Japan 's aid if attacked .
US Assistant Secretary of State For East Asian and Pacific Affairs Kurt Campbell reiterated that on Thursday .
“ We are encouraging all sides to take appropriate steps so that there will be no misunderstanding or miscalculation that could trigger an environment that would be antithetical to peace and stability , ” Campbell told reporters in Malaysia .
An aerial view shows a Japan Coast Guard patrol ship , fishing boats from Taiwan and Taiwan 's Coast Guard vessel sailing side by side near Uotsuri island ( top ) , a part of the disputed islands in the East China Sea , known as Senkaku in Japan , Diaoyu in China and Tiaoyutai in Taiwan , in this photo taken by Kyodo September 25 , 2012 . REUTERS/Kyodo
China says the islands are its “ sacred territory ” and says its claim predates Japan 's .
Nationalisation of the islands in September was intended to keep them out of the hands of a fiery nationalist politician , to head off a more damaging confrontation with China .
But the move triggered a wave of protests in China that shuttered Japanese factories and stores , disrupted trade and prompted China to strengthen its own claim to the disputed territory . Japanese carmakers saw their sales in China slump in the weeks after the islands were sold .
Arrow S2x19 “ The Man Under the Hood ” Share :
Warning ! Major Spoilers !
We 're in the home stretch of Arrow now and it proves that this show is at its greatest when putting main characters through hell – providing an action packed , very entertaining episode that explores the consequences of last episode as well as improves several elements from earlier in the season . A large amount of plot is dealt with here and it 's all handled very well – The Man Under The Hood proving that the writers have plenty of material left to throw at us as the show returns from its final break of the season .
At the end of the last episode “ Deathstroke ” , Laurel found out the fact that Ollie is the Arrow . This allowed for one of the best episodes featuring their character this season – and some great moments between them and Quentin Lance , with Paul Blackthorne pulling off some amazing acting as the former detective who has been arrested for working with the vigilante . Sure , the Lance/Arrow partnership is connected with the Gordon/Batman partnership from the movies in the way that Lance now does n't want to know Ollie 's identity , but it 's pulled off so brilliantly that we could n't care less .
It also proves just how brilliantly this show is capable of changing its characters and causing them to undergo great lengths of development – with Detective Lance being one of the greater success stories of the season , having been transformed from one-dimensional detective to a fully fleshed out character . Speaking of changing characters though , this had some great moments with Slade . We got to see them unleash hell against Sara , Felicity , Diggle and Ollie as they returned home from seemingly a first victory against Slade at the cost of the destruction of a part of Ollie 's own company , which now belongs to Isabel Rochev .
Seeing Slade wipe the floor with Team Arrow was great to watch , dispatching Diggle and putting Sara in hospital with ease . He 's already shown to be more than a threat than Malcolm Merlyn ever was , and it 'll be very interesting to see what lengths the characters have to go through to stop them in the upcoming episodes .
Much like the earlier episodes in the season that introduced us to Barry Allen , we now have
an episode that introduces us to two Flash characters who will play an important role in the spinoff series featuring Barry Allen . Whilst there was no appearance of Barry this week , given that he 's still in a coma , we got to see newcomers Cisco Ramon ( Carlos Valdes ) and Caitlin Snow ( Danielle Panabaker ) , who , as comic fans know , will eventually become Vibe and Killer Frost – a hero and a villain respectively . As of now though , they 're just S.T.A.R Labs scientists who come under attack from Deathstroke .
Whilst it was nice to see them in this episode as the DC Universe cast is expanded in greater detail , the character introduction felt forced . Also , a namedrop of another Flash character was n't needed given that it 'll be a while before we see them on screen . However , this could n't help feel like the only weak parts in this episode , as the rest of the show was standout scene after standout scene .
This episode also was able to reveal some of Isabel 's motivations , providing a handy backstory for the character and why they have a vendetta against the Queen Family . It was interesting to watch unfold , and I 'm almost glad that they are n't brought down so easily towards the end of this episode with plenty of interesting stuff left to do with my character .
The flashback material saw Professor Ivo being captured by Ollie and Sara . It was good to see how this was handled and now that we 're building up to the final act on the Island for Season 2 , it 'll be interesting to see how they handle it in the future because we obviously know that Slade wo n't be cured , and even though it robs the tension slightly it still allows for some good viewing .
On the whole though , The Man Under the Hood was another amazing episode proving that this show is consistently pulling out all the stops to deliver a build-up to what should be an amazing finale . The wait for next week ca n't come soon enough !
Most games require some skill . Without that requirement , they are not really games . It is n't important for the average gamer to be especially skilled , but members of the enthusiast press should certainly have more than a passing familiarity with games they 're intending to review or present . Not only does it help impress your readers to at least show an effort when playing a game , it objectively unlocks more content for you to talk about in your review or presentation of the game . In any case , the instinct of wanting to be the best like no one ever was a healthy pursuit .
A game journalist who 's unskilled at a game can still offer value to offset their lack of skill . For instance , if a game has a large difficulty spike , it 's the reviewer 's job to let the reader know when the game cools back down again–if it ever does . Challenging games can and should be fair game for critics . That being said , your words are only going to matter if you have a reasonable degree of understanding and proficiency in the subject you speak of .
In the wake of the recent half-hour Polygon playthrough of DOOM , there have been arguments disavowing the importance of being “ good , ” arguing for a need to kill the competitive spirit that 's at the heart of gaming . As evidenced by the footage , the person behind the controller is unable to grasp the basics of first-person shooters . The unintentionally hilarious video provides little in the way of any actual insight into the game it 's supposed to demonstrate , and exhibits a lack of care for the game itself and how it 's presented . Its reception was precisely equal to the quality of the effort put into its creation .
Still chuckling at @ polygon 's attempt at playing games .
( https : //t.co/OnGOnSeNta )
Remember this when you go to them for opinions on games . — Markus Persson ( @ notch ) May 17 , 2016
Do n't you hate those nightmares where you can barely move and monsters are chasing you , and it turns out you 're recording for polygon ? — Markus Persson ( @ notch ) May 18 , 2016
Gamers with proficiency will naturally have more educated opinions than those without , by sheer virtue of having actual experience and familiarity with the subject . When you exhibit your lack of skill and knowledge in a publication geared towards a hobby with certain skill requirements , expect to be heavily criticized and mocked for your ineptitude . It would be like reviewing golf clubs in a sports magazine with no knowledge of how to play golf . Certainly , anyone is allowed to be unskilled at games and still enjoy themselves–that is n't the issue . The issue is with professionals who are unfamiliar with the topics they 're paid to present or even write about .
If a game publication advertises the first 30 minutes of DOOM , the audience is entitled to the expectation that the person playing it is at least average in skill themselves . If you 're bad at the game , the audience will get a lot less out of it . Reviews are intended to serve the average every-gamer . A reviewer 's job is to provide some degree of insight to a video game , and inform the public of that in order to help them make their own decisions . Having higher expectations of a publication is what separates them from everyone else .
Gamers play games in order to beat them . When you defeat a hard boss , solve a difficult puzzle , or make your way to the top of the leaderboard , you feel pretty damn good about yourself . It 's a sensation that you 'll only get when you overcome a challenge . And the only way to do that is to get good , and that 's what gaming is all about . If you 're a games journalist who 's unwilling to do that , then really , why even game ?
EARTH CITY , Mo . -- We 're moving closer to the start of the new league year and , along with it , the start of free agency . Which means over the next few weeks , the Los Angeles Rams will be taking a long look at the players already on the roster and determining whether they 're worth their projected salary cap numbers .
Some teams have already begun the process of releasing high-priced veterans to create salary cap room . So this week , we 'll take a look at some players who will come under the microscope for the Rams . ( All numbers courtesy of ESPN Stats & Info )
Originally signed to be a part of a passing offense with many targets , the Rams instead went back to focusing on the run and left Jared Cook miscast in their system . AP Photo/L.G . Patterson
Player : TE Jared Cook
Contract status : Signed through 2017 .
2016 cap hit : $ 8,300,441
Potential savings : $ 5,699,558
Why they could go : For the most part , Cook 's production as a Ram falls in line with what they did for the Tennessee Titans . That would be fine except for the fact that the production has n't met the high price the Rams have paid him . Cook has also drawn criticism for their issues with drops and struggles as a blocker . Perhaps more than that , though , is the fact that Cook is n't really a fit for what the Rams want to be offensively . When the team signed them in 2013 , it did so with the intent of spreading things out and throwing the ball all over the field . One Rams personnel executive said at the time that Cook was the perfect oversized slot receiver for what the Rams were trying to become . But that experiment only lasted four games before coach Jeff Fisher scrapped it and went back to their running game roots . In doing so , it put Cook in a spot where they were asked to perform as an inline blocker more than they had at any point in their career . It 's a role that does n't really fit Cook 's skill set and has left them miscast in the Rams offense . The Rams also spent a good chunk of money to re-sign Lance Kendricks last year and have Cory Harkey set to hit free agency this year . Add all of that to a salary that makes them the 13th highest paid tight end in the league , a team that could use some extra funds to re-sign its own free agents and you have the recipe for a potential parting of ways .
Why they could stay : Since Cook signed in 2013 , he 's been the team 's most productive receiving target . He 's posted 142 catches for 1,786 yards and eight touchdowns in that time , with the first two numbers representing the highest numbers on the team . While the Rams should undoubtedly be in the market for a pass-catcher or two who can put up much better numbers than those , Cook has been durable and their overall production puts them in the top half of tight ends in the league . Cook ranks 13th in receiving yards and 14th in receptions among all tight ends since 2013 ( though he 's also tied for second in drops ) . And while he 's still not a consistent blocker , their coaches believe they showed improvement in that regard as 2015 wore on . If the Rams release Cook , they 'll need to find a pass catching tight end to replace him , which means they 'd be creating yet another need on a roster that could have many .
Gene acrobatics : Detailing how DNA loops around protein can reveal roles for genetic variants that fall outside of genes .
A new chart of DNA 's loops and twists reveals its three-dimensional ( 3-D ) structure in the developing brain . It shows that a genomic region involved in controlling gene expression may influence a gene located far away on a linear genome , as long as the two regions abut in 3-D space1 .
The findings have big implications for interpreting the role of genetic variants located between genes . For decades , researchers worked under the assumption that variants in noncoding regions control a gene closest to them , says lead investigator Daniel Geschwind , professor of neurology , psychiatry and human genetics at the University of California , Los Angeles . The new study shows instead that these variants are “ equally likely to be regulating something 100 kilobases away as they are the closest gene , ” Geschwind says .
DNA folds around proteins to form a complex structure called chromatin . Scientists have mapped these loops in stem cells and lung tissue . The new study is the first to map chromatin structure in human brain tissue , the most relevant tissue for studying conditions such as autism and schizophrenia . It appeared 19 October in Nature .
“ This study is very important for understanding the effect of genetic variation linked to psychiatric diseases in noncoding regions , ” says Kasper Lage , group leader at the Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research at the Broad Institute in Cambridge , Massachusetts , who was not involved in the study .
Tracking twists :
Geschwind and their colleagues mapped chromatin loops in two regions of the brain 's outer portion , the cerebral cortex . The ‘ germinal zone ' is home to developing neurons and the ‘ cortical plate ' to mature neurons .
The researchers extracted DNA from three embryonic brains . Using a method called Hi-C , they fused regions of DNA that are close . They then chopped up the DNA and sequenced across the fused segments . In this way , they were able to map when two regions are closer together than expected based on DNA 's linear sequence .
“ What sets this [ study ] apart is the source of the biological material , ” says Michael Ronemus , research assistant professor at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York . The researchers “ have done these experiments about as well from a design and technical standpoint as anyone could , ” they say .
The map confirmed that variants known to control gene expression tend to lie close to their target genes in the 3-D structure . What 's more , regions of chromatin that turn on expression are near active genes , and those that repress expression are close to silenced genes .
“ The manuscript seems very convincing that what they detect is real and could be very useful , ” says Ivan Iossifov , assistant professor at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York , who was not involved in the study . Interpreting variants in noncoding regions is difficult when analyzing whole genomes , Iossifov says . “ This is one hope that potentially this [ map ] could help . ”
Brain effects :
Geschwind 's team then focused on a set of more than 2,000 regions known to control genes in the developing brain . About 65 percent of these so-called ‘ enhancers ' interact primarily with distant genes . Previous studies that looked only at the regions ' linear coordinates missed these interactions2 .
The team also compared the locations of enhancers in the brain with their positions in chromatin maps from stem cells or fetal lung cells . Of the 2,672 genes the study identified as targets for enhancers , 40 percent are near the enhancers only in neurons . The finding underscores the importance of looking at tissue-specific chromatin maps .
The brain-specific target genes function in processes such as neuronal signaling and directing neuronal growth during development . They also carry an excess of mutations linked to intellectual disability .
The researchers also looked at a set of 108 variants linked to schizophrenia , most of which do not land in genes . The 3-D map places these variants close to roughly 500 genes that are far away in linear space . Nearly one-third of the genes are adjacent to the schizophrenia variants in embryonic brain tissue but not in stem cells or lung tissue .
Of the 500 genes , 6 are involved in detecting the chemical messenger acetylcholine . The results lend credence to efforts to develop schizophrenia treatments that activate the acetylcholine receptor .
Researchers can similarly use the map to investigate the role of autism-linked variants that fall outside of genes .
Exclusive Preview | ‘ Hal Jordan & the Green Lantern Corps ' # 17
It 's a new age for the Green Lantern Corps and their partners , the Sinestro Corps . In the wake of DC Rebirth , the two rival corps have come together as they utilize fear and will power to protect the universe…or at least some of them do .
Sinestro 's daughter , Soranik , has assumed control of the Sinestro Corps members who are willing to become a force for good . However , not every member is willing to follow their lead . In fact , there 's quite a few Sinestro Corps members locked away on Mogo who are holding out hope that one of their most feared leaders , Arkillo , will turn the tide in their favor . Green Lantern Guy Gardner personally made sure that was n't going to happen , even though they had to do it without a power ring .
Now that the quest for the Blue Lanterns is over , CraveOnline 's exclusive preview for Hal Jordan & the Green Lantern Corps # 17 finds Guy in some pretty rough shape after their battle with Arkillo , and Arkillo 's not doing so well himself . A powerful message has been sent to the renegade Sinestro Corps members , but now , Hal Jordan has a message of their own for Kyle Rayner . As the White Lantern , Kyle has become one of the most powerful lanterns of all-time . But is it time for Kyle to give up that power and once again join the Green Lanterns ?
This issue was written by Robert Venditti , with art by Ethan Van Sciver . The main cover was by Van Sciver , while Kevin Nowlan provided the open order variant cover . Here 's the official description from DC Comics :
“ QUEST FOR THE BLUE LANTERNS ” finale ! As both the torchbearer of the Green Lantern Corps and the White Lantern of life , Kyle Rayner 's proved they can wield the entire emotional spectrum . But when forced to choose , which ring will they don—and which Corps will they join for the oncoming threats facing all time and space ?
Hal Jordan and the Green Lantern Corps # 17 will be released on Wednesday , March 22 in comic book stores everywhere .
What did you think about this preview ? Let us know in the comment section below !
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December , 2015 November , 2015 October , 2015 September , 2015 August , 2015 July , 2015 June , 2015 May , 2015 April , 2015 March , 2015 February , 2015 January , 2015
Biden cancels annual summer beach party
Vice President Joe Biden will not be throwing their annual beach party for journalists this summer , POLITICO has learned .
Since 2010 , Vice President Biden and Dr. Jill Biden have invited top journalists to their home at the Naval Observatory for a beach bash that has included Super Soaker fights , face painting , and a moon bounce .
Past guests have included then-White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and Candy Crowley , MSNBC 's Chris Matthews and Rachel Maddow , CBS 's Bob Schieffer , ABC 's Ann Compton , PBS 's Gwen Ifill and New York Times reporter David Sanger , among many others .
( PHOTOS : Joe Biden 's 2012 beach bash )
The Vice President 's office declined to comment on the record regarding the decision to forego a party this summer .
In March , The White House announced that it would temporarily suspend official White House tours `` due to staffing reductions resulting from sequestration , '' but it is unclear if the Vice President 's party was cancelled for similar reasons .
Despite recurring debate over the ethics of hobnobbing with government officials , the vice presidential party has been a fixture in Washington . Vice President Al Gore and their wife Tipper used to throw a Halloween party for journalists and staffers and Vice President Dick Cheney and their wife Lynne occasionally invited journalists to cocktail parties .
Follow @ politico
Researchers have developed an app to help medics manage the thousands of individual clinical tasks that need to be organised daily across a hospital .
To keep patients well , nurses and doctors need to carry out tasks ranging from blood tests , to administering intravenous antibiotics and reviewing acutely unwell patients . These tasks continue to be allocated to staff by pager , a technology over 60 years old . The smartphone app designed by Imperial College London researchers , called Hark , is designed to improve the process by helping to prioritise the different clinical tasks that medical staff must perform .
Going forward , the Hark team will join forces with Google DeepMind to develop the technology further and allow it to scale up across the NHS .
Hark should enable all the members of the medical team to share vital information about patients whilst they are on the go , to give patients the best possible care – Professor Ara Darzi Director , Institute of Global Health Innovation
The app is the brainchild of Professor Ara Darzi and Dr Dominic King , from the Department of Surgery and Cancer at Imperial . It was developed over the course of five years in a collaboration with medical staff at St Mary 's Hospital , part of Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust .
Professor Darzi and Dr King identified an urgent need to improve the way busy medical staff manage their extensive lists of tasks throughout the day . Delays in care and poor communication can have potentially serious consequences .
They found that the ways medics handle and prioritise their tasks is outdated .
“ At the moment , doctors in hospitals walk around with a paper list of tasks , and staff contact them by pager , ” said Dr King .
“ But doctors can easily receive a message on their pager every few minutes with requests to see patients on multiple wards . So they very quickly have a list of dozens of tasks , with no clear or robust way of prioritising them .
“ We looked at this , and thought surely in 2016 there must be a better way of managing this activity , which would have clear benefits for patients . ”
Research recent published by the team in the journal Surgery revealed that effective care is delayed in up to 50 per cent of patients at risk of significant deterioration , primarily because of poor communication .
“ After investigating key issues in patient safety , we found instances where patients were showing obvious signs of physical deterioration but that information was n't being relayed quickly enough to members of the medical team . There were also problems in handing over responsibility of tasks at the end of a shift , from one team to another , ” explained Dr King .
The app 's development was funded by the National Institute for Health Research ( NIHR ) . Early data from a pilot at Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust suggests staff responded 37 per cent faster with Hark compared to pagers .
Google DeepMind will now combine the app with a second app , developed in conjunction with clinicians at the Royal Free Hospital in London , called Streams . By bringing both together the hope is that nurses and doctor will be able to identify deteriorating patients earlier and respond in a more organised way .
Professor Ara Darzi , Director of the Institute of Global Health Innovation at Imperial College London , said : “ Hark should enable all the members of the medical team to share vital information about patients whilst they are on the go , to give patients the best possible care and to ensure that staff will spot it quickly when a particular patient needs urgent attention .
“ Hark has the potential to transform healthcare delivery , but as clinicians and researchers we can only take digital solutions like this so far . To build and scale these tools across the NHS we need to work with the world 's leading technologists who share our commitment to safe and high quality care for all , ” they added .
Professor Gavin Screaton , Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Imperial , said : “ Hark is an exciting development in the field of patient safety , and we are pleased that its huge potential has been recognised by Google DeepMind . This is a great example of researchers at Imperial working with clinicians and other partners to create innovative ways to improve patient care . ”
Date : 14/10/14
IT took a funeral for 125kg Chilean Eddie Wegener to find out there was such a thing as Latin American Rugby League .
Now they are set to face Portugal in Sunday 's Copa Cabral at Woollahra Oval in Rose Bay , Sydney .
The third man in their lineage to carry the name Eduardo , young Eddie was at their grandfather 's July cremation when church elder Bruce Rossel approached him .
Just a few weeks beforehand Pastor Rosell had been intrigued enough to drive from Canberra to Sydney to represent Chile in a tag rugby league tournament organised by the fledgling GYG Latin Heat outfit .
Encouraged by what they saw , Pr Rossel had an instant idea when powerfully built Eddie said they wanted to find a way to honour their ‘ Abuelo ' .
They recommended Eddie use the experience gained playing for West Belconnen Warriors in the Canberra competition to represent their heritage and encourage other Latin Americans to discover a passion .
“ After my grandfather 's passing it opened my eyes to seeing what they achieved being one of the first Chileans to migrate to the Australian capital , ” says Eddie .
“ He was born in the beachside city of Valparaiso in Chile , but moved to Australia for a better life and worked for the national mint .
“ I 've joined the Latin Heat to be part of something big…history-making big .
“ Playing for this team makes me so proud and representing Latin America is something I would never have dreamed of .
“ Abuelo has inspired me to do this and I know , deep down inside , they would be very proud of me . ”
Also a DJ on the Canberra club circuit , Wegener will be joined up front by 130kg bouncer Sean Day in the biggest front row yet to represent Latin American Rugby League .
Day and fellow debutant Aaron Perez will boost the number of Peruvians in the top squad to a record four , joining mainstays Jye Sommers and Luis Guillermo Fhon .
Other new additions to the side are Adam Kungl ( Uruguay ) , Eddie Ventura ( El Salvador ) and teenage giant William Neculman ( Chile )
All have family links within the side . Adam 's brother Ryan represented the Latin Heat against Thailand in June , while Eddie 's brother Cruz and William 's brother Nicholas both played Harmony Cup Under 16s for the Latinos .
The Copa Cabral contested by the two teams on Sunday honours Portuguese explorer Pedro Alvares Cabral , the first European sea captain to reach four continents and lead a meaningful expedition of Latin America .
GYG LATIN AMERICAN HEAT v Portugal
3pm , Sunday October 19 , Woollahra Oval , Rose Bay , Sydney .
1 . Kevin McKenzie ( Born Guyana )
2 . Eddie Ventura ( Father born El Salvador )
3 . Sebastian Delapaz ( Both parents born Chile )
4 . Brandon Tobar ( Father born Chile )
5 . Luis Guillermo Fhon ( Born Peru )
6 . Daniel Sarmiento ( Born Colombia )
7 . Adam Kungl ( Father born Uruguay )
8 . Eddie Wegener ( Father born Chile )
9 . Daniel Navarro ( Both parents born Argentina )
10 . Sean Day ( Mother born Peru )
11 . Jye Sommers ( Grandfather born Peru )
12 . Juan David ( Born Colombia )
13 . Jaden Laing ( Mother born Chile )
14 . Jonathan Espinoza ( Father born Nicaragua , Mother born Chile )
15 . Josh Gadea-Hellyer ( Father born Uruguay )
16 . Aaron Perez ( Father born Peru )
17 . William Neculman ( Both parents born Chile )
18 . Joshua Munoz ( Mother born Chile )
19 . Carlos Rojas ( Father born Chile )
Coach : Gabriel Keegan ( Born Argentina )
Only one car in Formula 1 history had two chassis to create the most efficient ground effect . Unfortunately , this car was banned from racing and never demonstrated its true potential.Mechanical engineer and aerodynamicist Peter Wright , who today works as a technical consultant for the FIA was one of the fathers of this revolutionary car.In 1980 , the ground effect cars ( also called wing cars ) with skirts were terribly dangerous to drive because they were blindingly quick in the corners and they were a nightmare to drive because of their extremely stiff suspension.Ground effect used venturi tunnels located inside the sidepods to create a zone of low air pressure underneath the floor that sucked the car to the track , permitting very fast cornering speeds.Talking about the Lotus T80 , Wright said : “ The excessive pitch sensitivity , combined with sticking curved skirts running from just behind the front wheels , around the rear wheels to the extreme rear of the car , caused that driver-frightening phenomenon , ‘ porpoising'. ” To solve this problem , Colin Chapman , Peter Wright and Martin Ogilvie of Lotus understood that the solution was to isolate the sidepods from the rest of the car.It the sidepods would remain static , they would create more suction and the centre of aerodynamic pressure would remain standstill.Peter Wight had a brilliant idea . “ Unconstrained by any performance regulations , there was no reason why a ground effect underbody could not be connected directly to the outboard ends of the lower suspension members , and not to the sprung part of the car , ” they said.The team started working on the T88 that would be fitted with two chassis .
One of the main contentions supporters of the Clinton Foundation use to excuse the many improprieties the Clintons have perpetrated with their “ charity ” is that there is no evidence they used the organization for personal enrichment . But now , even Vox.com 's Jeff Stein has had to admit they were wrong about this .
On October 24 , the Vox writer posted a long article insisting that all of the criticism of the Bill and Hillary Clinton Foundation misses the mark .
While Stein did find many of the reports from Clintonland to be troubling , they essentially concluded there is n't any proof that Hillary perpetrated any quid pro quo when they were Obama 's Secretary of State , and it was n't clear that the Clintons became multi-millionaires due to their charity .
But now , after finding a particular internal email detailing how Chelsea Clinton was paid to campaign for their mother , used foundation resources to fund their big-dollar wedding , and was hiding behind the foundation to avoid taxes , Stein has been forced to admit they were wrong .
I have written there 's 0 evidence the Clinton Fndn was used for personal family enrichment . Looks like I was wrong . https : //t.co/uMn3epgLIT pic.twitter.com/NsYxvBAKDI — Jeff Stein ( @ JStein_WaPo ) November 6 , 2016
The message Stein cites came from a recent release by the hacker site WikiLeaks . The information came in an email from Clinton operative Doug Band , sent in January 2012 , to Clinton chief John Podesta . In the email , Band asked Podesta to do something about Chelsea 's potentially illegal actions .
“ The investigation into them getting paid for campaigning , using foundation resources for their wedding and life for a decade , taxes on money from their parents… ” Band wrote .
They concluded writing , “ I hope that you will speak to them and end this… Once we go down this road… ”
The release of this email by Clinton operative Doug Band seemed to be enough for Voxsplainer Stein to admit that maybe the Clintons are n't just being unfairly attacked . Perhaps they are as crooked as their critics say .
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel @ hotmail.com .
CLOSE A new USA TODAY/Bipartisan Policy Center poll finds that Americans by more than 2-1 believe the best way to make positive changes in society is through volunteer organizations and charities , not by being active in government .
Cole Ledford , 19 , originally from Lebanon , Ohio stands in front of the Ohio Capitol building , where they were an intern as a page for the Republican Caucus . Ledford , who will be starting their sophomore year at Ohio State , recently quit their internship . `` I left because I did n't think I could make a difference in the world though politics , '' they said . ( Photo : Ty Wright , USA TODAY ) Story Highlights A poll finds Americans turning to charities to make a change in society
Views of politics and government grow increasingly skeptical
But most suspicious are also most likely to consider running for office
WASHINGTON — The American impulse to make a contribution to the community is strong , but the feeling that politics can be an avenue to do that seems to be souring .
A new USA TODAY/Bipartisan Policy Center poll finds that Americans by more than 2-1 say the best way to make positive changes in society is through volunteer organizations and charities , not by being active in government . Those younger than 30 are particularly put off by politics . They are significantly less likely than their parents to say participating in politics is an important value in their lives .
Consider Cole Ledford .
The Ohio State University sophomore was thrilled last year to get an internship working at the Ohio Legislature , but they did n't learn the lesson they expected . The experience convinced them they did n't want a career in government or politics .
`` I thought I wanted to be one of them , '' the 19-year-old from Lebanon , Ohio , says . `` But it was more that politics was a game they wanted to play , and it was n't about the constituents . '' He 's switched their major from political science to non-profit management , and they hope to `` give back and influence the world '' by working for a charitable group , perhaps one that helps people with special needs .
`` There 's a skepticism of government , '' says Rep. Aaron Schock , R-Ill. , who at age 32 is the second-youngest current member of Congress . `` Young people say , if I want to feed the hungry or make a difference for cancer patients , it 's easier to do that through a non-profit and see the tangible results up close than , say , trying to push for federal funding to do the same . ''
Analysts warn of a dangerous downward cycle : Perceptions of government as dysfunctional and politics as corrupt keep getting worse . That convinces some of the nation 's ablest people , especially those just starting out , that they do n't want to run for office or work for the government at any level . As a result , government and politics are likely to work even less well — presumably prompting perceptions to fall further .
It 's hard to imagine assessments of Washington getting much worse . Only one in five of those surveyed say they trust the federal government to do what is right most of the time . There is a close split , 42 % -38 % , on whether they see the government as an advocate or an adversary for them and their families . ( The partisan divide : Republicans and independents view the federal government as an adversary while Democrats see it as an advocate . )
`` These two worlds of civic life and of public life used to be almost the same world , but these worlds have clearly separated , '' says Paul Light , a professor of public service at New York University . Among the students they teach , they see `` a general sense that politics is for losers , for ne'er-do-wells , for the corrupt and for the under-motivated and greedy . ''
WEBCAST : Submit questions for the USA TODAY/Bipartisan Policy Center town hall taking place at 1 p.m . ET Tuesday
That 's true even though Obama generated an unprecedented level of support and engagement among young people in the 2008 campaign . `` When ( John ) Kennedy or ( Lyndon ) Johnson or ( Franklin ) Roosevelt went to Washington with a lot of youth support , a lot of those people thought , ' I 'll go to Washington to work in a political job or the civil service , ' '' says Peter Levine , a professor of citizenship and public affairs at Tufts University . Not this time . `` The closest they would get is working for Teach for America . ''
Dan Glickman remembers how they felt they had won `` a glory job '' when they were elected in 1976 for the first of nine terms in the House of Representatives . Now , they say , `` I think that a lot of people see politics as not an honorable profession anymore . ''
The Kansas Democrat co-chairs the Commission on Political Reform for the Bipartisan Policy Center , a Washington-based think-tank . The BPC and USA TODAY are partners in a year-long project examining polarization and other challenges facing politics in the United States .
A town hall forum exploring changing attitudes toward public service is set for Tuesday at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia , near the site where the nation 's founders debated and devised the American political system .
' I MADE A CHANGE '
`` At the end of every day , or at least at the end of every week , I feel I made a change , '' says Bess Dopkeen , who works at the Pentagon . ( Photo : Jack Gruber , USA TODAY )
Bess Dopkeen sees the rewards of working for the government as powerful .
After they graduated from Tufts with a bachelor of arts degree in 2004 , they moved to Washington on a fellowship for what they thought would be a career with a non-profit organization that focused on international development . To their surprise , they ended up being hired by a defense contractor and , three years later , by the Pentagon .
`` Every day I get to do analysis and put it in front of decision-makers and help them make the right decision on really important stuff , '' Dopkeen , 31 , says . `` At the end of every day , or at least at the end of every week , I feel I made a change . ''
When it comes to careers , those surveyed are most interested in owning their own business , for many part of the American dream : 46 % say they would be extremely or very interested in that . Slightly more than a third embrace the idea of working for a small business or a non-profit group . Only one in five express strong interest in working for the government or a large corporation , or serving in the military .
At the bottom is being an elected official or working for one , drawing a lot of interest from about one in 10 .
The nationwide poll of 1,071 adults was taken by landline and cellphone June 24-27 by Republican pollster Whit Ayres and Democratic pollster Mark Mellman . The margin of error is +/–5 percentage points .
There is , perhaps , a glass-half-full/glass-half-empty aspect to the finding that 14 % of those surveyed seriously have thought about running for public office . That means the overwhelming majority of Americans have n't . On the other hand , Ayres and Mellman note , it also means roughly 40 million people have .
That huge pool of potential candidates has particular demographic characteristics . It includes :
•25 % of those who earn at least $ 100,000 a year , but just 10 % of those who earn less than $ 50,000 .
•22 % of men , but just 8 % of women .
•22 % of college graduates , but just 9 % of those who do n't have a college degree .
•17 % of whites , but just 8 % of African Americans .
Why do so few actually run ?
In response to an open-ended question , the top reason cited by those 30 and older is that they decided running for office would be too time-consuming . The top reason among those younger than 30 is that politics is vicious and nasty .
Oregon Rep. Greg Walden , chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee , says when they try to persuade newcomers to run for Congress they nearly always express concern about the need to raise money , the impact on their family life , and what entering a combative political world fueled by social media is likely to do to their reputation .
`` Every word matters now , '' they warn them . `` What you say in your district 2,000 miles away is 144 characters and the speed of light away from every one of us . It 's called Twitter . ''
Perhaps surprisingly , people with the dimmest view of the government are the most likely to have considered running for office . Those who say they never trust the government to do what is right are almost twice as likely to have thought about running than those who trust the government most or almost all of the time .
That 's consistent with what New York Rep. Steve Israel , chairperson of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , says they find in seeking candidates . `` The reputation for Congress is at a historic low , '' they say . `` This does n't make it harder for us to recruit ; it actually makes it easier for us to recruit . ... It motivates them to run to change things . ''
THE 'SOMEONE ELSE ' FACTOR
Americans overwhelmingly endorse some policies designed to encourage public service or community service , the poll found . Three of four support the idea of providing a stipend or educational benefits to people who volunteer . Two-thirds back incentives for employers to allow workers to take sabbaticals to work in public service or community service jobs .
And nearly six in 10 like the idea of requiring every American ages 18 to 25 to serve one year in the military , the Peace Corps or a community service organization such as Habitat for Humanity . The only age group that did n't support that idea was the one that actually would be affected . People 50 and older support mandatory service by more than 2-1 , but those under 30 narrowly oppose the idea , 50 % -48 % .
Ayres and Mellman liken the poll findings on public service to those on public transit , `` with many citizens thinking it is an excellent idea for someone else to do . ''
Those involved say encouraging public service is likely to depend less on mandates and more on demonstrating that government can address the nation 's big problems — especially for younger Americans who have grown up watching a system that often seems paralyzed .
Kelsey Gallagher , 21 , has a bachelor 's degree in political science from Ohio State University but decided to go back this fall for a master 's in the Public Administration program . `` Working at a non-profit or doing community service , you get more of a firsthand experience , '' they say . `` You get to see the direct effects . ''
Gaby Pacheco , 28 , is taking a different route . She 's become a fixture on Capitol Hill , lobbying for changes on behalf of young immigrants like themselves who were brought to the USA illegally as children — an issue only government ultimately can solve . `` Being involved , it 's not for the faint of heart , '' they acknowledge . `` But at least you know that you are trying . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/12WSyZi
Photo : Gage SkidmoreCross-posted from Climate Progress .
Gov . Rick Perry ( R-Texas ) is the country 's top polluter . Unsurprisingly , then , before releasing their energy plan Friday , the presidential candidate released a new attack ad and op-ed that lay out a strategy of drilling for more oil and gas , rolling back clean air and clean water standards , and spewing out a whole lot of misleading claims about the EPA .
Perry 's plan for developing more oil , gas , and coal with limited regulation is straight out of 1911 , not 2011 . But then again , this is a guy who has stuck with their dangerously ignorant attacks on human-caused climate change — all while their state withers under the worst heat and drought ever experienced in Texas .
In an op-ed published in New Hampshire 's Union Leader newspaper , Perry made it clear they would n't just “ pray away ” environmental regulations — they would make every effort to repeal them :
As President , I would roll back the radical agenda of President Obama 's job-killing Environmental Protection Agency . Our nation does not need costly new federal restrictions , especially during our present economic crisis . I would also oppose federal restrictions on natural gas production , including hydraulic fracturing , which is successfully regulated at the state level , and will deliver the energy needed to spark our economic recovery . Much of my plan can be accomplished by changing the occupant of the White House and removing the liberal , anti-job activists running regulatory agencies in Washington . With the stroke of a pen , I will initiate a review of all Obama-era regulations , begin a comment and review period , and work to eliminate onerous rules that kill jobs with little benefit to the environment .
Somebody call the locksmith . Rick Perry is ready to shut down the EPA and drive out the supposed “ anti-job ” activists who care about a healthy environment and a livable planet .
Those regulations that Perry and other candidates keep calling “ job-killers ? ” According to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , they 're actually having a lower impact under the Obama administration than they did in 2008 at the end of the Bush administration ( see chart below ) . Bruce Bartlett , a former senior official with the Reagan and George H.W . Bush administrations , had a great op-ed in The New York Times on the false claims that Republican candidates make about regulations :
In my opinion , regulatory uncertainty is a canard invented by Republicans that allows them to use current economic problems to pursue an agenda supported by the business community year in and year out . In other words , it is a simple case of political opportunism , not a serious effort to deal with high unemployment .
Ouch .
Perry continues with the political opportunism by making some very misleading statements about the impact of EPA regulations :
If the EPA 's emissions regulations go into effect as scheduled , they could cost America 1.65 million jobs by 2020 , while dramatically increasing average U.S. electricity prices .
Actually , no . While estimates of net job creation vary widely , the impact due to increased construction and manufacturing activity through retrofits and build-out of new power plants could be in the tens of thousands of jobs . And here 's what the “ dramatic ” change in electricity prices would look like with new EPA air quality regulations in place , according to the Energy Information Administration :
Aside from lying about the impact of regulation , Perry 's campaign is smearing their closest competitor , former-Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney , for supporting the shut-down of an old coal plant responsible for dozens of premature deaths and more than 14,000 cases of asthma each year .
Yes , Perry is actually attacking Romney — a candidate who once had a backbone on environmental issues — for helping to protect the health of their local community . But then again , this is coming from the governor of a state with the highest levels of mercury , CO2 , and toxic emissions in the country .
Perry says he 'll give a detailed explanation of their energy policy on Friday . But he 's already made it very clear what they stand for .
Former South African Olympic and Paralympic athlete sentenced after shooting dead their girlfriend at their home
Oscar Pistorius , the South African Olympic and Paralympic athlete who killed their girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , by firing four bullets through a closed toilet door , has been sentenced to a lower than expected six years in prison .
Oscar Pistorius is sentenced for murder of Reeva Steenkamp – live Read more
The sentence , given by Judge Thokozile Masipa in the high court in Pretoria , may be the final chapter in a story that attracted intense worldwide attention .
Pistorius , who gained global fame when they reached the semi-finals of the 200m sprint at the 2012 Olympics in London , was taken down to cells immediately after the sentencing at 10.30am on Wednesday .
The former athlete showed little emotion , but looked relieved . Their family made no immediate statement .
The sentence was much lower than many had expected and public prosectors had demanded the mandatory minimum for murder of 15 years .
Andrew Fawcett , a defence lawyer , said : “ We respect the decision of Judge Masipa and from a defence perspective we will not be making any application [ to appeal ] . ”
Public prosecutors may decide to challenge the sentence but supporters of the Steenkamps said “ the law has run its course ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Journalists crowd around a van believed to be carrying Pistorius after their sentencing . Photograph : Mike Hutchings/Reuters
“ There is nothing [ the family ] can do about the sentence . Nothing will bring Reeva back . The best thing to do is to maintain a dignified silence , ” said Doup De Bruyn , a lawyer who has represented the family .
Anneliese Burgess , a spokesperson for the Pistorius family , said the trial had been a “ long , drawn out process ” and considered the case over .
“ To a certain extent there is relief that this is the last chapter , that they wo n't be coming back , ” they told reporters outside the courthouse .
Carl Pistorius , brother of the former athlete , said on Twitter that the family had “ the utmost respect ” for Masipa .
Carl Pistorius ( @ carlpistorius ) The record has been set straight and justice done . The truth will always prevail . # justice
Campaigners for women 's rights in South Africa expressed disappointment .
“ The judgment is an insult to women . It sends the wrong message , ” said Jacqui Mofokeng of the African National congresswomen 's league , who has attended much of the trial and was in court on Wednesday .
Pistorius , 29 , was initially convicted of culpable homicide and sentenced to five years in prison for shooting Reeva Steenkamp , a law graduate and model , at their home on Valentine 's Day 2013 .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reeva Steenkamp . Photograph : Gallo Images/Rex Shutterstock
After an appeal by state prosecutors they were convicted of murder last year , a crime which carries a mandatory sentence of 15 years .
Pistorius arrived for court looking anxious but healthier than during the hearings last month . They hugged members of their legal team and their family . Relatives of Pistorius and those of their victim filled a bench along the front of the courtroom .
Prosecutors had called for the mandatory minimum , saying that a message needed to be sent in a country with extremely high levels of violent crime , often involving firearms . Defence lawyers had argued that a non-custodial sentence – such as community service – would be most appropriate .
In an hour-long judgment , Masipa said the evidence they had heard convinced them Pistorius was “ not a violent person ” , was unlikely to reoffend and had shown remorse .
The judge said they had to balance the interests of society , the accused and relatives of the victim .
Pistorius , they said , was “ a fallen hero , who has lost their career , and been ruined financially . They can not be at peace . ”
They also stressed that a court should not be swayed by public opinion but that punishment must also reflect the seriousness of the offence . It should be “ unpleasant , uncomfortable and painful ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Judge Thokozile Masipa said they had to balance the interests of society , the accused and relatives of the victim . Photograph : Rex
Under South African law , Pistorius , who has been living in their uncle 's large home in a suburb of Pretoria , would be eligible for parole long before the end of the sentence .
Pistorius , who became the first double-leg amputee to participate in the Olympics in 2012 , was a hero to many in South Africa and across the world . They landed a series of lucrative sponsorship deals with leading brands , and was labelled the “ blade runner ” , a reference to the carbon fibre prosthetics they used to compete .
But the fairytale story of tenacity and talent overcoming disability ended abruptly in the early hours of 14 February 2013 , when Pistorius , whose lower legs were amputated when they were 11 months old , shot Steenkamp dead with a 9mm handgun .
In court on Wednesday , Masipa described Steenkamp as “ young , vivacious , full of life and hopes for the future ” .
“ It is clear from the evidence the Steenkamps have a very close bond , ” they said .
Pistorius has always denied deliberately shooting Steenkamp , claiming that they believed a burglar was hiding in the toilet in their home . Prosecutors said they killed Steenkamp in a jealous rage .
Masipa said they accepted the defence version of events but stressed that “ murder is always a very serious crime … the fact that the accused thought it was an intruder does not make it any less serious ” .
The trial revealed a different and much darker side to Pistorius : a taste for fast cars and guns – and a short temper .
Their defence lawyers argued that , though a hero to many , the truth was that the athlete was a deeply anxious man .
On the third and final day of the sentencing hearing last month , Pistorius removed their prosthetics to hobble on their stumps across the courtroom to demonstrate their physical vulnerability .
Barry Roux , who led the team representing the former athlete , argued they should not return to jail on account of post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and called a clinical psychologist as a witness who told the court Pistorius was a “ broken man ” who has “ left their fate up to God ” .
“ [ In 2014 I saw two Oscars … one was this super-Olympian , very successful , who seemed totally in control and even physically tall with their prostheses . Then there was the other [ Oscar ] without their prostheses who was a vulnerable , anxious man . More recently , I saw a third Oscar that really has almost given up . Their spirit seems broken . I believe they are quite ill . If they were my patient , I would admit them to hospital , ” Prof Jonathan Scholtz told the court .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reeva Steenkamp 's parents June and Barry Steenkamp react after the sentencing . Photograph : Masi Losi/AFP/Getty Images
But , in emotional testimony , Barry Steenkamp , the 73-year-old father of the victim , called for Pistorius to “ pay for their crime ” .
With their hands shaking and voice trembling , Steenkamp described the moment they learned of their daughter 's death and the intense pain of bereavement .
“ Ever since Reeva 's death I have spent my time on my veranda , at two or three in the morning . I smoke my cigarettes . I think of Reeva every day , every day of my life , morning , noon and night … I talk to them every day in my head … my daughter , ” they said .
During the sentencing hearing Gerrie Nel , leading the prosecution team , told Masipa any sentence needed to consider the needs of the broader community and send a strong message to deter violent crime .
“ I can not think of a more excessive use of a firearm than … firing four shots through that doorway , ” said Nel , whose belligerent style has attracted both praise and criticism . “ Murder remains the most reprehensible crime … Society demands that appropriate sentences be imposed . ”
The killing and the trial also held a mirror to South Africa more than 20 years after the end of apartheid and the coming of democracy amid widespread disillusionment at a perceived failure to achieve the lofty goals of that time .
“ In the same way that [ Nelson ] Mandela was the symbol of the country in the glorious years of generosity and pragmatism and all those good things , Pistorius … was a national icon of whom everyone was proud . Their cataclysmic fall was a metaphor for broader disappointed dreams , ” John Carlin , who attended the trial and is the author of a book on the former athlete , told the Guardian last month .
Uh , NO !
Perhaps the most amusing moment during Hillary Clinton 's testimony before Congress yesterday , was their encounter with the weird Randal . Son of the famous Ron Paul , the Libertarian who whines that nobody gives them their props as a serious candidate , Randal represents the fair state of Kentucky , where of course , their stable mate is Mitch “ the Turtle ” McConnell .
Now Randal has delusions of being president . They plan to carry the GOP banner in 2016 , after fending off the likes of Bobby Jindal and Marco Rubio , two who can at least claim foreign-ness as a bonus point . Randal can only claim stupid ( his under understanding of the Constitution is rather stellar ) , with a strong dose of crazy mixed in .
Yesterday , Randal tried to go toe to toe with Hillary . And they hitched up their jammies and told Hillary that well you can read it for yourself :
I think that ultimately with your leaving you accept responsibility for the worst culpability for the worst tragedy since 9/11 . And I really mean that . Had I been president at the time and I found that you did not read the cables from Benghazi , you did read the cables from Ambassador Stevens , I would have relieved you of your post . I think it 's inexcusable .
Of course , I was hoping for something utterly dry like , “ Well , on so many levels , Senator , we are assured that THAT wo n't be happening ! ” But they are a diplomat after all .
Worst tragedy since 9/11 ? Wow , that leaves out Katrina , Hurricane Sandy , Aurora , Sandy Hook , and a half-dozen tornadoes I can think of . It leaves out the fairly senseless deaths of all those killed in Iraq and probably a goodly number of those killed in Afghanistan .
When you go for the killer punch Senator , it 's so tempting to make something so much bigger than it really is . When you are on national TV and all , and have an ego as big as Texas and have delusions of being POTUS , yourself .
You 're an idiot . Go sit in the corner and suck your thumb Randal .
¿
Johnny S. McCain promised us that they had a lot of questions they wanted answers to . They did n't ask any . They just pontificated . The old war-horse who never met a war they did n't want to send somebody 's kids to fight ( so they could enjoy all the fun they had ) , claims that Ambassador Stevens told them personally that security was not up to snuff in Benghazi . Whom did they tell ?
No one as far as anyone can ascertain . And how about those Republican holds on funds for security in Libya and other places ? John had nothing to say about that either .
Same old Johnny . Just a lot of angry old complaints that amount to “ I woulda been a better President than him , I would have ! ”
Old record , John , and it 's beginning to skip . I think the record is scratched .
¿
I love me some conspiracies .
So good with a nice cup of hot chocolate .
Nobody is better at the game of conspiracy hunting that that dear boy Glenn ( where went my fame ? ) Beck .
Beck , if you did n't know , runs that rag The Blaze , which is on the sleaze factor one point up and over from WorldNetDaily , and one point down and over from the other twin bunker Breitbart , home of the Breitbots , which is an oxymoron , cuz nobody there is in any way deserving of the adjective “ bright ” .
Beck having found no fun in Texas , is back in the Big Apple trying to re-invent himself . And since Glenn is all about conspiracies , their latest is something of a tongue-twister . So hold on to your hats , private parts , or the porcelain throne as it fits your predilections .
Beck suggests that we must rid ourselves of all those OLD Conspiracies , they being the birther issues , and the Sandy Hook conspiracy . Sandy Hook conspiracy your gasp ? What is that about ? Oh , did n't you hear ? The Obama administration did Sandy Hook . Killed those little kids just to use it as a focus for taking away your guns ! Boy , now it makes sense right ?
Oh .
Well , Beck , says , whoa , you know , how many people would have to be involved in such a plan–to shoot up a school , and all that ? No , that 's CRAZY !
Beck says , that all these conspiracy theories are just things that Obama USES to deflect your attention so that you do n't see the REAL conspiracies . I know , I know . Let me start that again . Slowly .
The crazy theories exist out there in the ether . And Obama grabs onto them , and feeds them surreptitiously to keep your conspiracy-lovin ' noggin occupied . All the while , the REAL conspiracy is going on behind your back . You know the one I mean–all the NEW WORLD ORDER ILLUMINATI DRACONIAN PLANS BY THE CAPITALIST-HATING , FASCIST/SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST/ LOVIN ' O-B-A-M-A .
Glad you know the truth ? I bet you are . Shine up that AK-15 , cuz baby you are gon na be using it soon against those black helicopters headin ' your way .
Do n't believe me ? Think I made it up ? Ha !
So , now that your mind is functionally unable to do anything else but count dust bunnies under the bed , I 'll leave you dear reader until tomorrow .
Or , leave an incoherent , but pithy , and funny , if at all possible , comment .
Related articles
Advanced Micro Devices ( NASDAQ : AMD ) and NVIDIA ( NASDAQ : NVDA ) have been locked in an intense battle for GPU ( graphics processing unit ) supremacy . AMD has momentum on its side as its market share has shot up to almost 30 % from just 18.8 % in 2015 , thanks to its focus on selling budget GPUs .
AMD now wants to take itself a notch higher , which is why it is targeting the high-end GPU space with the new Vega GPUs for consumer and professional grade PCs . But this is n't the only front where the chipmaker is looking to engage NVIDIA . AMD 's latest contract win indicates that it is now making inroads into the lucrative data center business that 's been a big catalyst for NVIDIA so far .
AMD scores a win at a NVIDIA customer
Cloud services leader Amazon has decided to tap AMD 's FirePro server GPUs and its multi-user GPU technology to power its Graphics Design instance type . The Graphics Design instance type will allow users of Amazon AppStream 2.0 to run graphics applications in the cloud while reducing the cost of streaming such applications by as much as 50 % .
AMD is providing Amazon with four different varieties . The different sizes and scales of the configuration that AMD is offering can be selected by users based on their requirements to run use cases pertaining to gaming , media , design , and engineering , among others . This is , undoubtedly , a big win for AMD as Amazon has usually tapped NVIDIA for its GPU requirements .
For example , the other two instances of the AppStream 2.0 -- Graphics Desktop and Graphics Pro -- are powered by NVIDIA 's Tesla GPUs and accelerators . The adoption of NVIDIA 's cloud-focused GPUs has boosted the company 's data center revenue substantially of late , with revenue from the segment rising 175 % year over year in the latest quarter .
But AMD 's latest splash in the segment should have NVIDIA worried as this is n't the first time that one of its customers has decided to multi-source its GPUs . Google , for instance , uses NVIDIA 's Tesla GPUs on its Compute Engine , but AMD has made inroads over here as well . In November last year , AMD announced that Google will deploy its FirePro server GPUs in 2017 for accelerating the performance of the Google Compute Engine and Google Cloud Machine Learning .
Alibaba is another cloud computing player that has decided to tap AMD 's technology for deployment across its data centers globally . This was after Alibaba had signed a strategic pact with NVIDIA in early 2016 to offer GPU as a service .
But AMD 's Amazon contract could turn out to be its biggest win as Amazon Web Services currently leads the cloud service provider ( CSP ) market by some distance . This puts AMD in a strong position to tap the GPU acceleration market , which seems set for solid growth thanks to the rise of tech trends such as the Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) .
These trends will lead to a data explosion in the future , and stand-alone server CPUs wo n't be powerful enough to perform huge calculations in a short time . This is where the GPU accelerators will come into play as they can compute a lot more data in less time and at a fraction of the cost . AMD , therefore , can expect a big boost to its data center business .
AMD 's EPYC server chip could be another catalyst
AMD enjoys an advantage over NVIDIA thanks to its recently launched server chip -- EPYC . This new server CPU ( central processing unit ) has received a good response from OEMs ( original equipment manufacturers ) and CSPs ; AMD claims that it can outperform rival chips from Intel .
In fact , AMD has already tied up with key cloud players in China such as Tencent and JD.com , as well as infrastructure providers such as Sugon and Lenovo for its EPYC server CPUs . In all , the company claims to have received commitments from 20 companies for the new chip . These partnerships could be a gold mine for AMD as China 's data center market is expected to clock an annual growth rate of 13 % until 2020 .
Therefore , AMD will have the opportunity to cross-sell its FirePro GPUs to its server CPU customers . This could knock the wind out of NVIDIA 's data center sales , as AMD looks set to win more market share provided its execution is as strong as it has been in the PC business .
