The Nice attack . Photo : Valery Hache/ AFP/ Getty Images .
Another attack has hit France , and early indications seem to point to terrorism .
At least 70 people were reportedly killed in the southern French city of Nice when a truck ran into a crowd celebrating the Bastille Day national holiday on Thursday night .
If a terrorist group is indeed responsible , this would be the second major terror attack to their France in a year — and the third since January 2015 .
John Schindler , the national-security columnist for The New York Observer , tweeted after November attacks in Paris that killed 130 people : “ Jihadists with Balkan small arms were shooting up France in 1995 … got no idea why anybody is surprised . ”
Attackers used guns and bombs at several sites across Paris in that attack , including the Stade de France and the Bataclan concert hall , leading to an examination of why France has become a prime target for terror groups .
ISIS ( also known as the Islamic State or ISIL ) called Paris “ the capital of prostitution and vice ” in a statement claiming responsibility for the Paris attacks last year . The terrorist group also stated that France and “ all nations following in its path ” are “ at the top of the target list for the Islamic State . ”
Under President Francois Hollande , France launched its first airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria last September . The country is also a closer and more opportunistic target for extremist groups .
Witnesses at the Bataclan said the gunmen shouted in French , “ This is because of all the harm done by Hollande to Muslims all over the world , ” according to The New York Times . Another witness confirmed this to CNN , telling the news network the attacker who shouted that statement sounded like a native French speaker .
Will McCants , an expert on extremism and author of the recent book “ The ISIS Apocalypse , ” told Business Insider in November that the attack could have been a pointed warning to France to cease strikes in Syria .
It could be “ to say to France , ‘ If you continue to bomb our positions , there 's going to be more of the same and you had better leave off or more of your civilians will die , ' ” McCants said .
But they pointed out that it 's difficult to speculate about ISIS 's reasoning because “ it may be a matter of where they had the greatest opportunity . ”
“ The nation that is ISIS ' greatest enemy is the United States , ” McCants said . “ And you would have to expect that [ the US ] would be at the very top of their list of targets . But it 's also very difficult to get operatives into this country . ”
Paris might also be a more fruitful recruiting ground for ISIS than cities in some other Western countries .
Military personnel patrol the area around the Eiffel Tower in Paris . Photo : Getty Images
Tensions surrounding France 's Muslim community have long been simmering , as George Packer , a foreign correspondent for The New Yorker who covered the Iraq war , chronicled in an August article . The piece , “ The Other France , ” wondered whether Paris suburbs are an “ incubator for terrorism . ”
“ France has all kinds of suburbs , but the word for them , banlieues , has become pejorative , meaning slums dominated by immigrants , ” Packer wrote .
“ Inside the banlieues are the cités : colossal concrete housing projects built during the postwar decades in the Brutalist style of Le Corbusier . Conceived as utopias for workers , they have become concentrations of poverty and social isolation . The cités and their occupants are the subject of anxious and angry discussion in France . ”
After the attack on the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo earlier last year , which was carried out by Al Qaeda operatives , local activists in a Paris banlieue worried that it would divide France even more .
“ I fear for the Muslims of France , ” one woman wrote on an activist 's Facebook page , according to Packer . “ The narrow-minded or frightened are going to dig in their heels and make an amalgame ” to conflate terrorists with all Muslims , the woman said .
Packer explained the context of the tensions between some French people and families who came over from Algeria :
When Algeria was settled by Europeans , in the early nineteenth century , it became part of greater France , and remained so until 1962 , when independence was achieved , after an eight-year war in which seven hundred thousand people died . It 's hard to overstate how heavily this intimate , sad history has been repressed . “ The Battle of Algiers , ” the filmmaker Gillo Pontecorvo 's neo-realist masterpiece about insurgency , counterinsurgency , terrorism , and torture in Algiers , was banned in France for five years after its release , in 1966 , and it remains taboo there . On October 17 , 1961 , during demonstrations by pro-independence Algerians in Paris and its suburbs , the French police killed some two hundred people , throwing many bodies off bridges into the Seine . It took forty years for France to acknowledge that this massacre had occurred , and the incident remains barely mentioned in schools . Young people in the banlieues told me that colonial history is cursorily taught , and literature from former colonies hardly read .
Andrew Hussey , a British scholar at the University of London School of Advanced Study in Paris , told Packer : “ The kids in the banlieues live in this perpetual present of weed , girls , gangsters , Islam . They have no sense of history , no sense of where they come from in North Africa , other than localised bits of Arabic that they do n't understand , bits of Islam that do n't really make sense . ”
This can be isolating for Muslims in Paris ' suburbs .
Packer explained that citizens of immigrant descent “ often identify whites with the term Français de souche — ‘ French from the roots . ' The implication is that people with darker skin are not fully French . ”
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox . Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram .
There 's more bad news for meat lovers this week .
A new study published Monday in the journal Cancer links increased meat consumption to a higher risk for kidney cancer , also suggesting that cooking process may be a factor .
In the study , researchers looked at the diets and genetic information of 659 University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center patients who were recently diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma , which is the most common form of kidney cancer . They then compared these people to 699 healthy men and women .
The researchers estimated the men and women 's meat consumption and their exposure to mutagens ( compounds that can cause a genetic mutation ) in meat that are created when meat is cooked at high temperatures over an open flame , like grilled or pan fried . Cooking meat in this way can create carcinogens .
The study comes on the heels of a World Health Organization report that declared processed meat a carcinogen , and said red meat could be as well .
MORE : The science behind how bacon causes cancer
The researchers found that the patients with kidney cancer ate more meat—both red and white—compared to the people in the study without cancer . They also reported a higher risk of kidney cancer associated with the consumption of two mutagens .
“ We found elevated RCC risk associated with both meat intake and meat-cooking mutagens , suggesting independent effect of meat-cooking mutagens on RCC risk , ” study author Dr. Xifeng Wu , a professor of epidemiology at MD Anderson in a statement . The researchers say their findings suggest that how meat is cooked is a factor that contributes to the higher risk of kidney cancer linked to meat consumption .
In addition , the researchers also found that men and women with a specific genetic mutation were more vulnerable to the risk associated with meat consumption , suggesting genetics may also have a role .
The researchers only found a link between meat consumption and kidney cancer risk . They did not find that meat consumption causes cancer and more research will need to be done to explore the connection . Also of note , the researchers do not say people should stop eating meat . They recommend meat be consumed in moderation . When cooking meat , they also recommend that cooks avoid charring or burning the meat .
Read more : The War on Delicious
QUIZ : Should You Eat This or That ? Getty Images ( 4 ) Getty Images ( 5 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images ; Tara Johnson for TIME Getty Images ( 1 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images ( 2 ) Getty Images ( 1 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images ( 2 ) Getty Images ( 1 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME AP ; Getty Images ( 1 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME ( 5 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Getty Images ( 2 ) Getty Images ( 2 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME Tara Johnson for TIME ( 2 ) ; Gif by Mia Tramz for TIME 1 of 16 Advertisement
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
U.S . Senator Kirsten Gillibrand ( D-NY ) says Republican presidential hopeful Carly Fiorina 's stance on paid leave is out of touch and hurting their chances of making it to the White House .
Gillibrand sat down with Fortune 's Leigh Gallagher to discuss a topic that 's dominated the news in recent days : paid parental leave . The full interview will run this Friday at 3 p.m. on Fortune Live .
On Sunday , Fiorina told CNN that they oppose a government mandate requiring companies to provide paid maternity leave . Gillibrand , who introduced legislation to give workers access to paid family and medical leave earlier this year , told Fortune that Fiorina 's position on the issue is out of touch with the electorate . “ I think it will overwhelmingly [ hurt ] them with both male and female Republican voters because overwhelmingly , they all support paid leave , ” Gillibrand said .
While “ all ” is an exaggeration , 74 % of Republican voters ( and 82 % of all voters ) say that employees should be able to earn paid time off to take care of themselves and their families , according to a poll conducted in January by Lake Research Partners in conjunction with the Make It Work campaign , which advocates for equal pay , childcare services , and paid leave , among other issues .
As for why Fiorina is out of sync with voters , Gillibrand suggests that the one-time CEO of Hewlett-Packard , whose net worth is reportedly $ 59 million , is simply unaware of the realities of America 's working class .
“ She may just not be aware , they may be in their own world , their own bubble where they can afford child care , they can afford support when they need it , but their low-wage worker ca n't , ” said Gillibrand .
The senator went on to point out that if low-wage workers do not have access to paid leave—which is the case for half of workers who make $ 540 or less per week , according to a 2014 report by the Council of Economic Advisers—they will end up relying on government aid .
“ When a low-wage worker can not even have a sick day or a paid leave day after the birth of an infant , they are far more likely to go on assistance , public assistance . So from [ Fiorina 's ] perspective , they would rather the rest of us , taxpayers , pay for their employees than them pay for their employees—and that 's wrong . ”
In March of this year , Gillibrand introduced legislation to provide workers , regardless of gender , with paid family leave . The so-called FAMILY Act , modeled after existing programs in California and New Jersey , would create a fund within the Social Security Administration that would be paid into by employee and employer alike , and would travel with workers from job to job .
Subscribe to The Broadsheet , Fortune 's daily newsletter on the world 's most powerful women .
The Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center , a 430+ bed hospital in the middle of Los Angeles , has been hit by a cyber-attack , and its systems are now being held hostage by hackers that are demanding a ransom .
The incident took place at the start of February but was kept quiet the hospital 's staff and management , who called in local police and the FBI to help investigate the incident , along with a cyber-forensics firm .
Hackers want 9,000 Bitcoin
The hackers are requesting a 9,000 Bitcoin ransom , which is about $ 3.6 million ( €3.2 million ) in today 's currency , to release the `` electronic keys '' to unlock computers . There are no details about how this happened since everyone is keeping quiet , but two plausible scenarios exist .
The first is that ransomware hit the hospital 's IT network and spread to numerous computers via a local LAN server , and the total ransom for each infected computer amounts to around 9,000 Bitcoin .
The second is that hackers breached the hospital 's IT network and infected the most important computers with ransomware , asking for more money than usual after realizing the target 's potential .
Some hospital departments have been shut down
NBC Los Angeles is reporting that the hospital 's IT network has been crippled and that staff is redirecting emergencies to other hospitals .
The hospital 's staff is using pen and paper to record patient information , or fax to communicate with other departments , and patients need to come in person to the hospital to pick up test results since the email servers are inaccessible .
Management has also forbidden staff to turn on their computers , fearing more workstations will be affected by the incident . Because computers are crucial for some medical equipment , the hospital 's Radiation and Oncology departments have been completely shut down , inside sources admitted for The Medical Quack , a blog for US healthcare news .
`` At this time , we have no evidence that any patient or employee information was the subject of unauthorized access or extraction by the attacker , '' Allen Stefanek , the hospital 's CEO , told NBC4 .
UPDATE : The hospital 's CEO has announced that their institution has paid the ransom and is now operating normally .
New Documents
Nov. 2 , 1983 : PX Kelley Report on trip to Beirut .
April 9 , 1984 : Reagan notes on Lebanon
January 4 , 1982 : Letter from Jaruzelski to Reagan
April 2 , 1981 : Letter from Ceausescu to Reagan and draft response .
Nov. 15 , 1982 : Bush-Andropov meeting .
Oct. 23 , 1987 : Conversation with Gorbachev
May 14 , 1987 : “ Saudi Position on Conversations with the President on Saudi Contributions to the Contras . ”
May 12 , 1987 : Telephone Conversation Between President Reagan and Chancellor Helmut Kohl , Federal Republic of Germany .
April 14 , 1988 : Shultz/Shevardnadze meeting , 4:30-6:05pm , Geneva .
April 21 , 1988 : Shultz/Shevardnadze meeting , 9:50am - 1pm , Moscow .
April 21 , 1988 : Shultz/Shevardnadze meeting , 3:30-5:15pm , Moscow .
April 21 , 1988 : Shultz/Shevardnadze Meeting . 7:40-10:30pm , Moscow .
April 22 , 1988 : Shultz/Gorbachev meeting . 11am-2:05pm , Moscow .
April 23 , 1988 : Shultz/Shevardnadze meeting . 9am-10:15am . Moscow .
March 23 , 1984 : Reagan/Mitterrand breakfast meeting .
Islamic fundamentalism is one of the important phenomena of our times . If it sweeps the Arab world , we will have to redraw the political and strategic maps .
Nov. 2 , 1983 : “ Potential for Violence in the Middle East. ” Memo from Richard Beal to Robert McFarlane .
October 30 , 1985 : Memo from McFarlane to President Reagan : “ Gordiyevsky 's Suggestions . ”
Dec. 22 , 1984 : “ Meeting With Prime Minister Thatcher . ”
Dec. 22 , 1984 : Memo from Casey to Reagan on Arms Control .
Oct. 23 , 1985 : Gorbachev 's Oct. 12 , 1985 letter to PM Thatcher
Aug. 10 , 1988 : Letter from Reagan to Gorbachev
December 1 , 1981 : Summary of President Reagan 's Meeting with President Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire
Sept. 23 , 1984 : Reagan meeting with Mobutu
September 27 , 1984 : President Reagan 's Meeting with President Belaunde of Peru
May 31 , 1984 : “ Summary of President Reagan 's Meeting with NATO Foreign Ministers . ”
March 22 , 1984 : “ Summary of President Reagan 's Cabinet Room Meeting with French President Francois Mitterrand . ''
December 20 , 1984 : Cable from Amb . Price to President Reagan : “ Your Meeting With Prime Minister Thatcher . ”
Jan. 5 , 1985 : Draft Letter from Reagan to Allied Leaders .
June 24 , 1985 : Letter from Reagan to Thatcher
Feb. 19 , 1985 : Briefing Memo for President Reagan 's Feb. 20 , 1985 meeting with Prime Minister Thatcher .
Nov. 5 , 1992 : Deposition of Colin Powell
Sept. 25 , 1982 : Former President Nixon 's Trip to China
Nov. 7 , 1983 : `` Chemical Warfare in Iraq . '' Supplement to NSPG 76 .
June 9 , 1981 : Documents related to the Israeli strike on Iraqi nuclear facility , Part II of download . ( Uploaded 10/17/13 )
Sept. 1988 : `` INR Estimate : Iran After the War . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Sept. 20 , 1988 : `` Update on the Status of HFAC Legislation on Iraq CW . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Nov. 7 , 1988 : `` Transition Issue Paper : Directorate of Near East-South Asia Affairs . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
July 18 , 1988 : `` Iranian Acceptance of 598 . '' Memo from Oakly to Powell . ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
June 22 , 1988 : `` Planning for Khomeini 's Passing . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Dec. 12 , 1987 : Letter from A. Raphael to Secretary Shultz , `` Advice on Iran . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Dec. 6 , 1987 : Meeting With Iraqi Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Sept. 29 , 1987 : `` September 30 S-W-C Breakfast : Total Embargo on Iran . '' ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
June 8 , 1987 : `` Messages to Iran . '' Memo from Oakley to Powell . ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Aug. 19 , 1987 : `` Operation Staunch . ''
( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
Nov. 7 , 1986 : `` Crisis Pre-Planning Group Paper : 'Syrian Support for Terrorism and USG Response . ' '' ( Uploaded 10/17/13 )
Nov. 15 , 1986 : Letter from President Reagan to Saddam Hussein . ( Uploaded 10.17.13 )
July 1985 : Talking Points for NSC/NSPG Meeting on Libya to decide if the US should overthrow Qadhafi . ( uploaded 10.17.13 )
January 14 , 1983 : `` Intelligence Appraisal : El Salvador : Military-Guerrilla Balance . '' Prepared by the Defense Intelligence Agency . ( Uploaded 10/17/13 )
Nov. 17 , 1983 : `` Brief Trudeau Meeting with the President '' discussing `` Trudeau 's 'Peace Initiative ' '' . ( Uploaded 10.16.13 )
Oct. 26 , 1985 : Memo from McFarlane to Reagan : `` MBFR -- Decision and Letter to Prime Minister Thatcher and Chancellor Kohl '' with attached Memo from Shultz to Reagan on MBFR recommendations .
Feb. 2 , 1984 : `` Talking Points for Use With The MNF Partners . '' ( Uploaded Oct. 16 , 2013 )
Feb. 12 , 1981 : `` Summary of the President 's Meeting with Italian Prime Minister Emilio Colombo . '' Uploaded Oc . 16 , 2013 )
May 20 , 1985 : `` Mr. Gorbachev -- A Kennedy in the Kremlin ? '' by John Brown , MOP . ( Uploaded 10.16.13 )
Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher , Selected Correspondences , 1981-1988 . ( Uploaded Oct. 15 , 2013 )
Aug. 1 , 1985 : Memo from McFarlane to Don Regan , `` Advice to the President . '' ( Uploaded 10.14.13 )
Letter : President Reagan to German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . September 10 , 1983 . ( Uploaded 10.14.13 )
Book Review : `` The Family Jewels '' by John Prados . `` As relevant today as when Symour Hersh broke the story almost forty years ago . ''
Apri 15 , 1986 : Aftermath of Libyan Operations , 0500 EST ( Uploaded Aug. 28 , 2013 )
Aug. 11 , 1988 : Economic Sanctions Against Libya
Aug. 8 , 1988 : The Libyan Threat ( uploaded Aug. 28 , 2013 . )
April 16 , 1986 : JC S SITREP 002 -- Opeation El Dorado Canyon ( Uploaded Aug. 28 , 2013 )
June 2 , 1987 : Review of the Vice President 's Task Force on Counterterrorism ( Uploaded Aug. 28 , 2013 )
April 16 , 1986 : JC S SITREP 002 -- Opeation El Dorado Canyon
April 21 , 1983 : `` Accelerating the Negotiations on Lebanon . '' Memo from Shultz to Reagan . ( Uploaded Aug. 28 , 2013 . ) July 7 , 1987 : Letter from Reagan to Thatcher re Syria ( Uploaded Aug. 28 , 2013 )
Nov. 25 , 1985 : Chronology : Hijacking of Egyptian Airliner Flight 648 . Declassified 2008 ; Uploaded July 23 , 2013 . RL : CMC NSC Records : Folder : Egypt Flight 648 ( 1 of 3 ) . Box 91131 .
March 23 , 1982 : `` A More Active Policy Toward Iran . '' Memo from James Roche to Lawrence Eagelburger . Declassified 2011 ; Uploaded July 23 , 2013 .
NSSD 1-82 Part III Sec . B : Role of Allies and Others . ( Declassified 2010 ; Uploaded July 22 , 2013 . )
May 18 , 1987 : NSPG 152 : US Policy and Gulf Security ( Reaction to USS Stark . ) ( Declassified 2011 ; uploaded July 22 , 2013 . )
Feb. 12 , 1987 : NSPG 144 : The Middle East . ( Declassified 2011 ; uploaded July 22 , 2013 . )
May 25 , 1984 : NSPG 90 : Meeting on the Gulf War . ( Declassified 2011 ; uploaded July 22 , 2013 . )
Aug. 1 , 1990 : Minutes of NSC Deputies Committee meeting on Persian Gulf ( 4pp. ) . ( Declassified 2013 , George Bush Library ; Uploaded July 19 , 2013 . )
Apri 2 , 1986 : Memo from George Shultz to President Reagan . ( Declassified 2010 ; Uploaded July 19 , 2013 . ) This is an update on Israel , the Soviet Union , Japan , and Nicaragaua/Costa Rica .
Aug. 3 , 1984 : `` Soviet Grain Purchases '' . Memo from Matlock to Poindexter suggesting that the Soviet Union is not going to cancel their Long-Term Agreement for grain purchases . Declassified 2010 , uploaded July 19 , 2013 .
Aug. 31 , 1985 : `` Risk Reduction Center Concept . '' Memo from McFarlane to Shultz and Weinberger discussing the idea of a `` Risk Reduction Center . '' ( Declassified , 2010 ; Uploaded July 19 , 2013 . )
Feb. 24 , 1988 : `` START Inspection Procedures for RV Counting . '' Memo , and attachment ( `` Indirect Limits on Throw-Weight and other Collateral Constraints '' ) declassified in 1010 , uploaded on July 19 , 2013 . )
April 8 , 1986 : `` Next Steps re Libya . '' ( Declassified 2010 ; Uploaded July 19 , 2013 . )
April 16 , 1986 : 0500 report on world reaction to attack on Libya . ( Declassified 2010 ; uploaded July 19 , 2013 . )
Iran : Classified Supplement . This 5-page report notes the economic , political and military situation in Iran . ( Declassified 2010 ; Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
`` A U.S. Political/Military Strategy for Nicaragua . '' ( This undated document was declassified in 2010 and likely found in the North files at the Reagan Library . Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
May 18 , 1983 : NSC Meeting on Mutual and Balanced Force Reductions . ( Declassified 2009 ; Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
AWACS : February-April 1981 documents related to the sale of AWACS to Saudi Arabia . ( Declassified 2010 ; Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
June 3 , 1985 : NSC Meeting on Interim Restraint Policy . ( Declassified : 2010 ; Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
April 21 , 1982 : NSC Meeting on START with supporting documents . ( Declassified 2010 & 2011 ; uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
March 19 , 1984 : Background papers on Consular Review talks with USSR ( Declassified 2010 ; Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
March 28 , 1984 memo from Jack Matlock to Robert McFarlane regarding `` Consular Reveiw Talks with the USSR . '' ( Declassified : 2011 ; uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
June 15 , 1985 memo ordering `` Intelligence Support for the Democratic Resistance Forces in Nicaragua . '' ( Declassified : 2011 ; Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
NSC 81 Issue Papers on START . ( Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
`` Modification of Sanctions '' : Memo sent from George Shultz and Malcolm Baldridge to President Reagan , Nov. 5 , 1982 . ( Uploaded July 18 , 2013 . )
`` Arms Sales to China '' : memo prepared by James Lilly for National Security Council Adviser Richard Allen , July 8 , 1981 . ( Uploaded July 18 , 2013 )
Analysis of `` Exceptional Circumstances Clause '' prepared for NSC 36 , Jan. 5 , 1982 ( uploaded July 18 , 2013 )
Letter from King Hussein of Jordan to President Reagan , Oct. 19 , 1983 .
`` The Terrorist Threat to U.S . Personnel in Beirut . '' CIA analysis dated Jan. 12 , 1984 .
`` Repositioning of U.S . Forces in Lebanon . '' Memo to Reagan from SecDef Weinberger recommending moving the Marines out of Beirut . Dec. 12 , 1983 .
`` Terrorist Threat to Western Interests in Lebanon . '' CIA analysis dated Nov. 1983
Memoranda of Conversation : Reagan and Kinnock , Feb. 14 , 1984 ( nuclear weapons ) .
Foreign Intelligence and National Security Policy , Oct.-Dec. 1983
NSDD 99 : US Security Strategy for the Near East and South Asia
NSDD 115 : Visit of Prime Minister Shamir
President Reagan 's Talking Points for their December 1 , 1983 NSPG meeting on Lebanon
President Reagan 's Talking Points for their January 3 , 1984 NSPG meeting on Lebanon and discussion paper for the NSPG meeting
NSPG Meeting of Oct. 18 , 1983 ( Talking Points for McFarlane ; discussion paper ; post-NSPG memo from SecDef Weinberger )
NSPG Meeting Agenda for Oct. 23 , 1983
NSDD 111 : Next Steps Towards Progress in Lebanon and the Middle East . ( Last redacted in 2009 )
NSDD 111 background papers and discussion of U.S.-Israeli political and military cooperation
Oct. 23 , 1983 : Cables first reporting the attacks against the American forces at the Beriut International Airport and against the French multinational peacekeeping forces .
PRAISE FOR THE
REAGAN FILES
Ronald Reagan and their advisers wage a twilight struggle with a decaying Soviet Union—and each other—in this fascinating documentary history . -- Kirkus Review
Did Ronald Reagan Win the Cold War ? Jason Saltoun-Ebin has spent nine years at the Reagan Presidential Library and other archives finding the original documents and Oval Office notes that take us as close as we are likely to come to answering one of the great questions of the twentieth century .
-- Richard Reeves , bestselling author of books on Presidents Kennedy , Nixon and Reagan .
The Reagan Files provides fascinating new material about the decision-making process of the Reagan presidency in the final years of the Cold War . The book takes the reader through the original letters , meetings and policy documents that chronicle the era , compiled with great energy and dedication by Jason Saltoun-Ebin .
-- David E. Hoffman , Pulitzer Prize-winning author of The Dead Hand : The Untold Story of the Cold War Arms Race and Its Dangerous Legacy .
Click here to read David Hoffman 's review of The Reagan Files in their blog at Foreign Policy
Jason Saltoun-Ebin has painstakingly assembled an invaluable collection of documents that provide new insight into the quest for national security during the Reagan years . Bravo !
-- Laura Kalman , author of Right Star Rising : A New Politics , 1974-1980 .
Dear Jason ,
I received the hard copy of The Reagan Files yesterday -- thanks so much ! The book and the website are invaluable for understanding both President Reagan and the era . ...
While writing my first book on Reagan entailed divining information from scraps here and there , this time around I have the good fortune to have scholars like yourself and Tom Blanton , Svetlana Savranskaya , and Vlad Zubok who have done so much to make primary documents widely available . Thank you !
-- Beth A. Fischer , author of The Reagan Reversal : Foreign Policy and The End of the Cold War .
“ Your web site is invaluable . I 've used it innumerable times in my own research . I am the author of “ The Presidency of Ronald Reagan , ” which will be published next year by the University Press of Kansas . Your web site made it possible for me to reduce the amount of time I spent copying files at the Reagan Library and also to have ready access to some documents that I might have missed in my own research . I have quite a few graduate students working on Reagan topics , and all of them know about your web site . ”
-- Chester Pach , Ohio University
Students of history will find fodder for dissertations and discussions in the transcripts of the National Security Council meetings and declassified letters contained in The Reagan Files .
-- ForeWord Clarion Reviews
The Reagan Files ... is a rich collection of declassified letters , transcripts and National Security Council meeting minutes gleaned from the Reagan Library concerning U.S.-Soviet relations and the end of the Cold War .
-- Steven Aftergood , Secrecy News
`` After I was overruled , I wrote a letter of resignation . In my letter I explained the risks and said I would rather resign than allow dangerous hardware onto the Shuttle . And I pressed my letter into more hands than absolutely necessary . The embarrassment level got pretty high and the managers backed down — I was allowed to make the necessary changes .
Does this make me a hotshot , a moral person ? Not really . I was n't married , no children to support , I could afford to lose my job for a principle . Besides , I was able to imagine what would happen to me if I caused a Shuttle failure — kids on the street saying ‘ There 's the guy who killed all those astronauts and the schoolteacher . '
I did n't become an engineer just to design things . I wanted to design them right . I was a bit too idealistic for engineering profession , who 's motto is “ Ship it. ” So I changed careers — I got into computer science . ”
- Paul Lutus , Confessions of a Long-Distance Sailor
`` Toshio added something very important : there is something else that is not always being grasped by many woodworkers in the craft : the social responsibility of the craftsperson , be they woodworkers , musicians , photographers , doctors , or writers . Each of these persons practices a craft and in that craft they are expected to produce a result that carries with it a social responsibility . And that responsibility is where the person 's skill and even artistry must be used to serve others . For example , if a joint is used to show off a person 's ability to create a showy piece , but fails when it comes to joining two pieces of wood securely and efficiently , that person has failed at their responsibility to society—even if the joint “ looks beautiful. ” But the craftsperson who makes a solid joint , that looks “ good enough , ” does its job and holds for decades or centuries to come—that person has fulfilled the responsibility society asks of them . Even if that joint is hidden , it has the spirit of being a good joint…
…once you commit to making a piece for a client , or a family member , that responsibility is there , to those people . It 's your job to make sure your design and your workmanship serve the needs and desires of your clients , and that the techniques and materials you use serve those ends . Anything else is superfluous , and runs the risk of being dangerous , or at best , ugly . ”
This was written more than twenty years ago , and it 's funny that the term “ ship it ” was as connotative and full of meaning back then as it is today in the midst of the lean startup movement . When I read this in Paul Lutus ' very engaging sailing travelogue , it made me think that software engineering has always had a bad reputation when it comes to quality and reliability.It seems like not a week goes by without millions of emails and accounts being hacked or a software bug halting a stock exchange or delaying an airline . Software 's increasing potential for good is only matched by its equal potential for harm . Testing methodologies and its culture have advanced a great deal in the last decade , but most would agree that it 's no panacea . Instead some argue that the deeper solution is in the languages and idioms we use that make writing code safer . Yet this too can never protect us if the person who writes the code does n't see the potential for harm in their work and second , does not feel the moral responsibility of saying no to “ ship it. ” In an industrial society , the makers of things are usually far removed from the end usage and impact of their product . Developers are no different , and that 's why when I joined pMD , I was so surprised by the heavy exposure of the developers with the customers . We routinely visit customers on site and build first-name relationships with them . I remember the first time I sat down with the billers in a practice in Colorado and discussed their workflow , their pain points , and generally how overworked they were . When I returned back to the office , I felt a renewed sense of empathy and purpose to how a seemingly small feature I would write could impact someone 's daily job across the country . This impact could go well beyond the ROI of our software , and affect someone 's happiness and sense of effectiveness in their profession.Even though developers sometimes love to put on their headphones and crank out some piece of software wizardry , it 's important to occasionally step out of the office and engage with your customers . Regularly seeing the daily work-life of your users first-hand helps establish that sense of responsibility to the end-user , and it makes the software better for it.I 'll leave with an excerpt of an interview with a famed Japanese woodworker , Toshio Odate : Source Fine Woodworking
David Letterman 's musical director , Paul Shaffer , hit Los Angeles Wednesday night as part of a tour to promote their new biography with the lengthy title `` We 'll Be Here For the Rest of Our Lives : A Swingin ' Showbiz Saga . '' They co-wrote the book with David Ritz . It details their days on Broadway , their `` Saturday Night Live '' stint and their 27 years working with Letterman .
It 's tough to be out promoting your book when your boss is embroiled in a sex scandal . Inevitably there will be questions regarding the brouhaha , questions that go unanswered . Shaffer did say `` I 'm not allowed to even talk about that situation . It 's like an ongoing legal proceeding and as such , you ca n't comment on it . ''
After 27 years on Letterman , you may think Shaffer has seen it all . Is there anybody they have n't worked with throughout the years ? Is there someone with whom he 'd really like to collaborate ? Yes , actually , and it may surprise you :
`` I heard Kim Kardashian has a record deal . Can you get me a meeting with their agent ? I would like to bring them in the studio and lay down some happening tracks and put my coffee right on the top of their a * * and just leave it there . ''
Really , Paul ?
Editor 's Note : Several commenters believe this quote was lifted from Adam Carolla 's podcast . It came from an interview Paul conducted with CNN producer Anita Bennett .
Mar 22 , 2013 ; Kansas City , MO , USA ; North Carolina Tar Heels guard P.J . Hairston ( 15 ) celebrates after a score with teammate Reggie Bullock ( 35 ) against the Villanova Wildcats in the second half during the second round of the 2013 NCAA tournament at the Sprint Center . North Carolina defeated Villanova 78-71 . Mandatory Credit : Peter G. Aiken-USA TODAY Sports
North Carolina junior Reggie Bullock and sophomores James Michael-McAdoo and P.J . Hairston will return to school next season , a source close to the situation tells Busting Brackets . A formal announcement is expected either Friday or next Monday .
The trio of North Carolina underclassmen had been ensnared in draft speculation over the last several weeks , inundated in conflicting rumors about which way each one was leaning .
Of the three Tar Heel returnees , only one ( McAdoo ) was considered a sure-fire first-round pick . The sophomore forward and second-team All-ACC selection passed up on a Top-10 projection in last year 's draft . Now , the former high school All-American has fallen to the bottom of the first round on most draft boards thanks to a productive , but lackluster season in their first full year as a starter .
Bullock , a first-time father , was close to declaring for the draft , according to the source , but was swayed back to Chapel Hill by Roy Williams upon learning new information about their projected stock . The two-year starter led the Tar Heels in 3-point shooting as a junior and was a second-team All-ACC honoree .
Hairston led the Tar Heels in scoring and came along strong at the end of the season , when Williams permanently switched to a smaller lineup mid-season . The rising junior has been tabbed as a mid-second round pick . In the NBA , only first-rounders net guaranteed contracts .
North Carolina finished 25-11 ( 12-6 ACC ) and third in the conference , falling to Kansas in the NCAA Tournament round of 32 . The Heels will return all but one player from this year 's rotation — departing senior Dexter Strickland — and will usher in a well-regarded recruiting class headlined by McDonald 's All-American Isaiah Hicks .
In their first executive order , President Donald Trump called for federal agencies to “ ease the burden ” of Obamacare .
Trump says in the order that they will be seeking “ prompt repeal ” of the Affordable Care Act . Pending full repeal , however , they will “ take all actions consistent with law to minimize the unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens of the Act. ” They also say the executive order will give individual states “ more flexibility and control to create a more free and open healthcare market . ”
The executive order continues :
To the maximum extent permitted by law , the Secretary of Health and Human Services ( Secretary ) and the heads of all other executive departments and agencies ( agencies ) with authorities and responsibilities under the Act shall exercise all authority and discretion available to them to waive , defer , grant exemptions from , or delay the implementation of any provision or requirement of the Act that would impose a fiscal burden on any State or a cost , fee , tax , penalty , or regulatory burden on individuals , families , healthcare providers , health insurers , patients , recipients of healthcare services , purchasers of health insurance , or makers of medical devices , products , or medications .
According to Fox News , Trump 's chief of staff Reince Priebus also issued a memo that directs federal agencies to freeze all new regulations and those that may be in the pipeline until the Trump administration is able to review them .
Republicans in Congress began the process of repealing Obamacare last week with an addendum to a budget bill .
In August of 1939 , Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union signed a non-aggression treaty . One week later , Germany invaded Poland and World War II began . The first attack of the war took place on September 1 , 1939 , as German aircraft bombarded the Polish town of Wielun , killing nearly 1,200 . Five minutes later , the German battleship Schleswig-Holstein opened fire on a transit depot at Westerplatte in the Free City of Danzig . Within days , the United Kingdom and France declared war on Germany and began mobilizing their armies and preparing their civilians . On September 17 , the Soviet Union invaded Poland from the east . Polish forces surrendered in early October after losing some 65,000 troops and many thousands of civilians . In November , Soviet forces invaded Finland and began a months-long battle dubbed the Winter War . By the beginning of 1940 , Germany was finalizing plans for the invasions of Denmark and Norway . Collected here are images of these tumultuous first months and of Allied forces preparing for the arduous battles to come . ( This entry isof a weekly 20-part retrospective of World War II
Catholic Church schools and homes with the most child abuse claims revealed
Updated
The Catholic Church has released numbers on how many child sexual abuse claims have been made against staff from their religious schools and orphanages , showing one home for boys faced 219 accusations .
The church identified 28 institutions that had 20 or more claims of child sexual abuse . You can search the data below .
The highest number of claims came from BoysTown at Beaudesert in Queensland , with 219 claims levelled at Catholic Church members working at the children 's home .
This information is part of a large release of data revealing the extent of child sex abuse within the Australian Catholic Church that was done with cooperation from them as part of the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse .
The church surveyed 10 religious institutes and 75 church authorities to uncover the abuse data on priests , non-ordained brothers and sisters , and other church personnel who were employed between 1950 and 2009 .
Institution Location State Number of claims BoysTown Beaudesert Queensland 219 St Vincent 's Orphanage , Clontarf Waterford Western Australia 152 Castledare Junior Orphanage Wilson Western Australia 142 St Joseph 's Farm and Trade School Bindoon Western Australia 118 St Vincent De Paul 's Orphanage South Melbourne Victoria 114 St Augustine 's Boys ' Home ( 1966-1987 ) Geelong Victoria 96 St Vincent 's Orphanage Nudgee Queensland 76 St Joseph 's Home Neerkol Queensland 71 Marist College Canberra Pearce ACT 63 St Mary 's Agricultural School Tardun Western Australia 49 St Pius X College Adamstown New South Wales 46 St Vincent 's Boys ' Home Westmead New South Wales 45 Salesian College , Rupertswood Sunbury Victoria 44 St Ann 's Special School Marion South Australia 42 Kendall Grange Morisset Park New South Wales 41 St Joseph 's College Geelong Victoria 39 St Alipius ' School Ballarat East Victoria 38 St Joseph 's College Hunters Hill New South Wales 31 Boys ' Town Engadine New South Wales 31 St Francis Xavier Mission Wandering Western Australia 30 St Stanislaus College Bathurst New South Wales 29 St Vincent de Paul Orphanage Goodwood South Australia 26 Cheltenham Residential Training Centre Cheltenham Victoria 23 St Leo 's College Box Hill Victoria 21 Parramatta Marist High Westmead New South Wales 21 St Mary 's Mission New Norcia Western Australia 20 Marist Brothers Hamilton Hamilton New South Wales 20 St Patrick 's College Ballarat Victoria 20
Topics : catholic , schools , child-abuse , sexual-offences , royal-commissions , australia , hamilton-2303 , new-norcia-6509 , box-hill-3128 , cheltenham-3192 , goodwood-5034 , bathurst-2795 , wandering-6308 , engadine-2233 , hunters-hill-2110 , ballarat-3350 , morisset-2264 , marion-5043 , sunbury-3429 , westmead-2145 , adamstown-2289 , tardun-6628 , pearce-2607 , nudgee-4014 , geelong-3220 , south-melbourne-3205 , bindoon-6502 , wilson-6107 , waterford-6152 , beaudesert-4285
First posted
Deadpool was the hottest superhero movie of 2012 , right up until it was n't . A toned-down version of the cult Marvel character had appeared in the stodgy X-Men Origins : Wolverine , played by Ryan Reynolds , but the proposed standalone movie , scripted by the writers of Zombieland , promised to be faithful to the source material : violent , sexy , nutty . Who would n't want to see the adventures of a motormouth mercenary who gets aroused by chimichangas , katanas and Bea Arthur ? No envelope would go unpushed , or unlicked . The in-demand Reynolds was signed up and visual effects specialist Tim Miller was announced as director .
Deadpool director : Ryan Reynolds ' character will be first pansexual superhero Read more
Then : ring sting . Green Lantern , Martin Campbell 's 2011 blockbuster that was supposed to rubber-stamp Reynolds as a franchise-leading superhero , flopped hard . The strapping RyRey was suddenly comic-book Kryptonite . Panicky studio executives pulled the plug . Deadpool was dead .
For Miller , preparing to make their transition to feature directing after years running their own successful VFX studio , watching their dream project implode was some majorly bad juju . “ I was so disappointed when we could n't do it five years ago , ” they say . “ I was thinking : ‘ These people do n't know what the fuck they 're talking about . ' I was angry and traumatised . But with hindsight , I can see why now is a much better time . Back then it perhaps had n't reached the point where audiences were familiar enough with the genre that we could riff on it . The public was n't really ready . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Warning : trailer contains explicit content
A small percentage of scuttled movies get retooled or rebooted . With Deadpool , it was more like defibrillation . A sizzle reel that Miller created in 2011 – a spandex ballet of Reynolds , in a skin-tight red costume , quipping and killing their way through a carload of heavies – leaked in summer 2014 . The online response was so enthusiastic that Deadpool abruptly had traction again . Executives did n't even question how the footage had escaped . ( Miller , while denying they had any responsibility for the leak , does seem tickled that their movie 's origin story will always have a certain outlaw element . ) Within weeks of the footage appearing online , Miller was back in production , with the script dusted off and Reynolds reattached .
During a break from editing , Miller , an X-Men superfan who has been collecting comics since 1980 , sounds a little tired and a lot less guarded than your average Hollywood interviewee . “ I 've always had a reputation in my small little industry for being honest , but a little dickish , too , ” they say . “ Most effects companies , they print up company T-shirts with mottos like ‘ Excellence in visual imagery ' or something like that . Our first studio T-shirt said ‘ Fuck you ' on the back . The second year of our company , we changed it to ‘ Fuck everybody ' . So Deadpool was always the perfect project for me . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Miller and Reynolds . Photograph : Joe Lederer
“ A little dickish ” could be on Deadpool 's business cards . Not long after their first appearance in 1991 , Deadpool became the Marvel universe 's cheerfully obnoxious court jester , infuriating both heroes and villains with a stream of pop-culture references and constant fourth-wall breaking . There is a teardrop of tragedy behind the red face mask , teased out in the movie in the relationship between loyal soldier Wade Wilson and their girlfriend Vanessa ( Morena Baccarin ) . Wade only becomes Deadpool to combat their terminal cancer , undergoing experimental superhero surgery organised by shady powerbroker Ajax ( Ed Skrein ) . The treatments result in accelerated internal super-healing , making the so-called Merc With A Mouth essentially unkillable , though Deadpool 's face and body are left horribly scarred and covered with lesions ( “ Like a cross between Ryan Reynolds and a Shar-Pei , ” quipped the character , with unexpected clairvoyance , in a 2004 issue ) .
I never saw anyone else apart from Ryan . In real life , they pretty much is Deadpool Tim Miller
For years , Ryan Reynolds has been acting in romcoms and thrillers as if sarcasm is their innate superpower , and with their lean athleticism – more radbod than dadbod – they bear more than a passing physical resemblance to the character . Did Miller ever imagine their movie happening without him ? “ That question came up , ” they say . “ But I just never saw anyone else apart from Ryan . In real life , they pretty much is Deadpool . I could n't think of anyone else who had the combination of good looks , athleticism , dramatic chops – because he 's a great dramatic actor – and , more importantly , comedy on top . He 's got that same smart , offbeat sense of humour . He 's fucking raunchy . ”
While Deadpool is motivated to start slicing up bad guys when their girlfriend is kidnapped by Ajax , Miller described them as “ pansexual ” late last year , which generated some heated debate about whether Deadpool was the first gay superhero to make it to the screen . “ I think that was a result of me not being that experienced with the way that the media worked , ” says Miller . “ We really explore their relationship with Vanessa in the movie but there 's nothing that says they would n't explore other relationships . In my mind , he 's always been pansexual and I wanted to be true to the way they are in the comics . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reynolds and Morena Baccarin . Photograph : REX
More complex backstories like these mean that Deadpool has carved a path into distinctly more adult territory . The raunch , the sexual unstereotypes – it 's certainly divergent from the current cookie-cutter production line of comic-book blockbusters . For Gina Carano , the fierce former MMA fighter turned fluid , convincing action star , the film also offered something different . Carano cracked heads in Steven Soderbergh 's Haywire and Fast & Furious 6 , but playing Angel Dust – Ajax 's near-mute , all-business enforcer with swept-up hair and piercing eyes – has taken them to a new level of outsized villainy . They embraced the chance to play “ one of the strongest characters in a comic-book movie ” , they say . “ I 've maybe shied away from that kind of appearance in the past so to know that the whole point of Angel Dust was to be this formidable presence made me accept it and own it a bit more . ”
Ryan Reynolds : from buff buffoon to Hollywood heavyweight Read more
When they were a pro fighter , Carano had to assess the physical condition of their opponents in the ring with just a glance . What did they make of Reynolds and Skrein ? “ They worked their butts off to look the way they do in their fight scenes , ” they say . “ There will be no shading of their abs . I actually think this movie is going to be fascinating for women because they get to see two guys who genuinely look that good . The eye candy is the men not the women . We 've got a little Magic Mike fight scene that I think people are going to love . ”
As well as getting to grips with CGI-assisted acting , Deadpool was also Carano 's first experience of comedy . “ It 's refreshing , ” they say . “ All those jokes we make when we watch movies – cue the shirtless guy scene , cue the naked girl scene – Deadpool makes fun of all of it , he 's just calling it out all the time . I think it brings the audience into the movie and the character more than they ever have before . He 's a next-level , more modern-day superhero. ” When pressed , they will admit that the cocktail of ultraviolence and playground humour might not be for everyone . “ I do n't think my mom is going to be able to watch it , ” they admit .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gina Carrano . Photograph : Joe Lederer
Still , in a year groaning with star-jammed comic-book movies – including Captain America : Civil War , Batman v Superman and X-Men Apocalypse – the squirrelly Deadpool risks being squeezed out . “ We shot on a third of the budget of most superhero movies but , y'know , you just make it happen , ” says Miller . The Merc With A Mouth does have the advantage of being first out of the gate in 2016 , crucially arriving ahead of Suicide Squad , DC 's broadly similar mob of volatile antiheroes . Where does Miller think Deadpool slots into such a crowded field ?
“ Deadpool 's story is very personal . He 's not the guy fighting against someone who 's trying to take over the world ; he 's the guy taking down the crack dealers in the street . I think there 's a place for that up against the bigger , shinier X-Men scenes . Do n't get me wrong , I love those things , too , but I think there 's room for both . Just like Blazing Saddles is a great western and so is Unforgiven . I do n't think the genre should be limited to one tone . ”
We shot on a third of the budget of most superhero movies Tim Miller
Comic-book movies that have enthusiastically embraced sex and/or violence have traditionally been a hard sell . Will Smith 's Hancock , about a boozy , misanthropic Superman analogue , failed to take flight , while even the widely admired Dredd , acknowledged by fans as being supremely faithful to the 2000AD source material , could n't muster a sequel .
Producer Simon Kinberg , currently overseeing the continued expansion of the X-Men movie universe , has likened Deadpool to Borat , a confrontational outlier that surprised audiences to become a genuine box-office smash . Conversely , it might crash and burn like Borat follow-up Brüno . But it still feels like a breath of transgressive fresh air to see a headline hero shoot three baddies through the head with the same bullet while bopping to Salt-N-Pepa . ( The soundtrack also contains DMX , Wham ! and Neal Sedaka . )
“ We 're going in and out of comedy and action at the drop of a hat , ” says Miller . “ It 's tricky but I think it works . That 's one of the first things Simon Kinberg said when they saw the movie ; they said : ‘ Dude , fuck , it 's tonally all over the place , but it works . I 'm not sure why it works , but it works . ' ”
Deadpool is in cinemas on 10 Feb
Author 's unpublished comic opera The Princess and the Pedlar found almost 100 years since it was first registered
An early , never-before-published work by crime novelist Raymond Chandler has been discovered in the Library of Congress in Washington .
The 48-page libretto to the comic opera The Princess and the Pedlar , with music by Julian Pascal , has hidden in plain sight at the library since its copyright was first registered on 29 August 1917 .
The work , a copy of which was obtained by the Guardian , was found in March by Kim Cooper , shortly after they published their debut novel , The Kept Girl , featuring a fictionalised Chandler in 1929 Los Angeles .
While looking for more information about Pascal , Cooper discovered a missing link between Chandler 's English boyhood and their detective fiction : a witty , Gilbert-and-Sullivan-inflected libretto for a fantasy-tinged romance between Porphyria , daughter to the King and Queen of the Arcadians , and Beautiful Jim , a “ strolling Pedlar . ”
Chandler penned pithy lines for supporting players , and even foreshadowed their own crime fiction career , as when the humpback Gorboyne sings : “ Criminals dyed with the deepest dyes/Hated of all the good and wise , Soaked in crime to the hair and eyes/Very unpleasant are we . ”
“ Chandler 's motivation had to be pretty serious , ” Cooper told the Guardian . “ He had been in Los Angeles for only five years , after a bitter departure from London as a failed writer . It 's obvious this libretto was a serious attempt at the writing life in the midst of nowhere , culturally . ”
Cooper noted the libretto 's discovery “ completely negates ” the notion that Chandler gave up being a writer until they were fired in 1931 from Dabney Oil Syndicate , where they were a highly paid executive , due to a mix of alcoholism , affairs with female employees , and absenteeism .
Sybil Davis , who knew Chandler as a young child and whose mother , Jean Fracasse , was romantically involved with the author in their final years , concurred with Cooper 's assessment of the libretto 's importance . Chandler gave Davis a copy of Pedlar , without Pascal 's score , in 1958 , when they were 12 years old – one in a series of gifts to Davis and their brother Vincent .
Davis , a retired attorney , “ forgot all about ” the libretto until they found it five years ago after donating several hundred books from Chandler 's personal library to UCLA . “ I thought , ‘ Oh , this rang a bell . ' Just the first chorus , ‘ You may possibly have heard from some idle little bird ' made me want to start singing Gilbert and Sullivan-style music ! ”
Cooper and their husband , Richard Schave , local historians in Los Angeles who also operate the Esotouric crime bus tours , set in motion plans for a production of The Princess and the Pedlar . They enlisted Tony Award-winning actor Paul Sand to stage the production , and drafted composer and guitarist Skip Heller as musical director .
“ I think [ the libretto is ] very smart and delightfully satiric , with wonderful glimpses of the no-nonsense writer Mr Chandler was to become , ” Sand said .
So far , Raymond Chandler 's estate has blocked Cooper and Schave 's production plans . Ed Victor , the estate 's literary agent , refused permission to perform or publish the libretto because , as they said in an email obtained by the Guardian : “ It is a very early work , and not representative of Chandler 's oeuvre . Yes , it is of course a curiosity , but we feel no more than that. ” ( Victor did not respond to requests for further comment . )
Cooper and Schave were disappointed by the estate 's refusal . “ It 's strange they are completely disinclined to share the libretto with the world , and that they believe it 's a curiosity that does n't contribute anything . As a Chandler fan , I 'd want to know about it , ” Cooper said .
The existence of The Princess and the Pedlar also speaks to the prospect of other undiscovered Chandler works lurking in plain sight , according to Tom Williams , author of the biography , Raymond Chandler : A Mysterious Something in the Light .
“ I do n't think we 're going to discover a huge cache , but pockets of Chandler material will reappear as people die and attics get cleared , ” said Williams , who learned of the libretto 's existence for the first time from the Guardian . “ There is always another box of letters out there somewhere . ”
Cooper and Schave have launched a website with more information about The Princess and the Pedlar to raise public support for the project .
What 's next for former IRS official Lois Lerner now that they have been held in contempt ? Today on Your World , Judge Andrew Napolitano said , “ Probably nothing . ”
The House voted to hold Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify at a pair of committee hearings on their role in the IRS targeting scandal .
Judge Napolitano explained that the referral will be sent to the Justice Department outlining that Lerner waived their Fifth Amendment rights when they made a statement declaring them innocence .
“ The prosecutor has absolute discretion to say yes or no . If they say no , end of it . Nothing will happen to them and it 's just a political declaration that she 's held in contempt , ” they said , adding that Attorney General Eric Holder will never prosecute Lerner because they work for the Obama administration .
Judge Napolitano said that Lerner could be given immunity in exchange for their testimony . “ She then will have to sing like a bird and answer all the questions they put to them If they fail to do that , they would for sure go to jail . ”
They surmised that the House may be trying to score political points instead of trying to get to the bottom of the IRS scandal since they have n't given Lerner immunity yet . “ Unless , ” they continued , “ they know what they would say and it 's really not that helpful . ”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A transgender man has launched a lawsuit against a New Jersey police force after an off-duty officer forced them to pull their pants down for inspection .
The off-duty officer forced the man to pull down their pants so that they could inspect after they were convinced that their prosthetic penis was stolen merchandise from a store .
The trans man , who has remained anonymous in the suit , felt “ humiliated , intimidated and abused ” .
The incident took place in a grocery store in Paterson , New Jersey earlier this year on May 12 .
The police officer was allegedly working security and did have a sheriffs uniform on .
The officer approached the trans man and accused them of shoplifting .
They tried to explain that they were wearing a prosthetic penis , at which point the officer said that they would need to be inspected .
The officer then had a female cashier inspect them in a store restroom .
After realising their mistake , the officer reportedly apologised .
The victim 's attorney confirmed that they believe the officer made a genuine mistake in thinking the prosthetic penis was stolen merchandise .
However , they are suing over false imprisonment and discrimination .
Reports of the incident , specifically from the Daily Mail , have misgendered the man despite understanding their trans identity .
It is not the first time the Daily Mail has fallen down in reporting on trans issues .
This week , they reported on a trans woman in a woman 's prison who committed raped and used their dead name .
They also called them “ a father , ” and implied that their actions were because they were pre-op .
Donovan 's involvement in the Garner case has proved a nonstarter . Prosecutor in Garner case nears election to Congress On Staten Island , home to many police , the chokehold death never became an election issue .
A little more than a week after riots convulsed Baltimore in the aftermath of Freddie Gray 's funeral , voters in a New York City House district are poised to send an elected official involved in the response to the killing of another unarmed black man to Congress .
While there has n't been any public polling , Daniel Donovan , the Republican district attorney on Staten Island , is heavily favored to defeat Democratic City Council member Vincent Gentile in a special election on Tuesday .
Story Continued Below
Donovan rose to prominence last year after their office did not secure indictments from a grand jury against the police officers involved in the killing of Eric Garner , who died after officers put them in an apparent chokehold . The grand jury 's decision sparked protests across the country — and when Donovan decided to run for the House after GOP Rep. Michael Grimm resigned in December , some national Republicans worried that Donovan 's role in the Garner case could inject controversy into the race to keep Grimm 's seat .
David Catalfamo , a former top aide to former GOP New York Gov . George Pataki , warned that Donovan 's candidacy could turn the race into “ a complete and utter circus . ”
But Donovan 's involvement in the case — aside from a Jon Stewart segment that mocked them in January — has proved a nonstarter . “ I got it wrong , ” Catalfamo said on Monday . “ I got it 100 percent wrong . ”
While many people in the district remain angry about the grand jury 's decision not to indict the officers , the case “ has n't come to the fore in this election whatsoever , ” said Bob Olivari , a longtime Democratic operative on Staten Island .
Voters on Staten Island — traditionally home to many New York City police officers and firefighters — were never likely to hold Donovan 's actions against him . A January poll sponsored by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee showed a majority of likely voters in New York 's 11th Congressional District , 58 percent , said they approved of Donovan 's handling of the Garner case , including 38 percent who said they strongly approved . Only 32 percent said they disapproved .
A whopping 80 percent of registered Republicans said they approved of Donovan 's handling of the case , with only 12 percent disapproving . Registered Democrats were divided , with 43 percent approving and 46 percent disapproving .
With the Garner case not a major campaign issue , Gentile is facing a familiar uphill climb for Democrats : He , like Grimm 's opponent last November , is from the wrong side of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge , the span that connects the Brooklyn side of the district to the more conservative Staten Island side .
That alone might be enough to doom their chances .
“ You ca n't win it if you do n't live in Staten Island , ” Hank Sheinkopf , a veteran Democratic consultant in New York , said of the district . “ A candidate who does not live in Staten Island should save their money and buy a house [ there ] . ”
Just last year , Democrats were confident they could unseat the embattled Grimm , who was running for reelection despite a 20-count federal indictment against him . But Grimm won in a landslide , taking 56 percent of the vote and embarrassing Democrat Domenic Recchia , who had been highly touted by the party when they entered the race .
Grimm 's victory was short-lived : They resigned shortly after pleading guilty to one count of felony tax fraud .
The district — defined by the split between its Staten Island and Brooklyn segments — is something of an oddity . In the 2008 presidential election , it was the only urban district carried by Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) . Four years later , immediately after Hurricane Sandy , voters in the district went for President Barack Obama .
Staten Island — the least densely populated and most isolated borough of New York City — does n't have enough people to merit a congressional district of its own , so the 11th District takes in a swath of Brooklyn , about a mile across the water . But most voters live on Staten Island ; Brooklynites cast less than a quarter of the ballots in last November 's election .
The House seat has also proved to be rough terrain for Democrats , despite its recent presidential election history — Michael McMahon , who won election in 2008 only to lose their seat to Grimm in 2010 , was the only Democrat to win there in decades .
But it 's even more difficult for candidates without a Staten Island address . A Brooklynite has n't represented the district in the post-World War II era .
Recruiting a Staten Islander to run in a special election , when low turnout gives Republicans a greater advantage , is difficult , New York Democrats said .
“ It was everybody 's preference initially to run a Staten Islander , ” said Jonathan Yedin , a Manhattan-based Democratic consultant whose firm has worked with the Gentile campaign . “ But they took their names out of consideration . ”
Democrats did nominate a Staten Island candidate in 2012 : Mark Murphy , son of former longtime member of congress John Murphy . But Grimm defeated them by a 5-point margin .
The DCCC poured about $ 5 million into defeating Grimm last year , but national Democrats are sitting out the special election for the most part . The DCCC has n't committed resources to the race this time around , and Gentile 's campaign had raised about $ 196,000 through April 15 . New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo , who 'd backed Recchia 's bid in the fall , even declined to endorse Gentile before reversing themselves last week .
Donovan , meanwhile , has raised nearly $ 615,000 , including donations from former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg ; John Catsimatidis , a billionaire real estate and grocery magnate and former GOP mayoral candidate ; and Douglas Band , a longtime associate of Bill and Hillary Clinton . The only major outside spending in the race was a $ 125,000 outlay by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for television and digital advertising supporting Donovan .
The district is not overwhelmingly conservative , despite Republicans ' firm grasp on the House seat . More voters are registered as Democrats than Republicans , and the district went for President Barack Obama by a slim margin in 2012 , even as voters reelected Grimm .
Asked how Democrats could be more competitive in the district , McMahon , the former Democratic representative , responded in two words : “ Increase turnout . ”
“ The Obama voters , the more reliable Democratic voters , are not coming to vote , ” McMahon said .
Olivari , the Democratic operative , suggested that Gentile could have done a better job pushing back against the Donovan campaign 's efforts to link them to New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , who is deeply unpopular on Staten Island .
“ The other side 's messaging is all negative , ” Olivari said . “ In the past , they tied Democrats to [ former Mayor David ] Dinkins . Now they 're trying to tie Democrats to de Blasio and Al Sharpton . ”
Rep. Steve Israel ( D-N.Y. ) , the former DCCC chairperson , defended the committee 's decision not to spend in the race , saying it would have been foolish to invest in a race that was almost impossible to win . They think Democrats should focus instead on unseating Donovan in the 2016 general election .
“ Once the special election is behind us , I do anticipate the DCCC will do a full-court press to recruit candidates , ” Israel said .
Their recruiting targets will likely include two Staten Island Democrats — state Sen. Diane Savino and state Assemblyman Michael Cusick — who might fit the district better than off-Island candidates like Recchia and Gentile . Neither state lawmaker responded to requests for comment on Monday .
“ Assuming Hillary Clinton is the nominee , ” Israel said , “ that district will elect them and produce a very strong wind at the back of a credible congressional candidate . ”
CORRECTION : A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that former Rep. Michael McMahon was the only Democrat to represent Staten Island in Congress since World War II . Before McMahon , the previous Democratic representative was former Rep. James Murphy , who held the Staten Island seat from 1963-1981 .
CORRECTION : Corrected by : Hannah Trudo @ 05/05/2015 04:23 PM CORRECTION : A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that former Rep. Michael McMahon was the only Democrat to represent Staten Island in Congress since World War II . Before McMahon , the previous Democratic representative was former Rep. James Murphy , who held the Staten Island seat from 1963-1981 .
The only way to carry your dice .
As anyone who 's even remotely interest in Infinity , you 've definitely seen or gawked at a T.A.G . before . The mere shock of a giant block of pewter with it 's incredible stats , high point costs , awesome weapons , and beautiful details has more than likely called to you at least once ( maybe that 's why you were lured to this article ? ) . In many cases , they stand twice , almost three times , as tall as your regular troops and they are quite literally giants on the fields of Infinity and their potential for destruction is quite similar .
New players and veterans alike will reminisce on their first encounters against or using T.A.G.s and they laugh off the either horrible or gleeful experience they had . T.A.G.s are definitely a new beast entirely and can be be really hard for new players to tackle in what can be an already hard to tackle game . Next time you run up against one of these buggers , try to remember these 5 Axioms :
1 ) Stack the Deck in your Favor
Whatever it takes to get this accomplished , stack the ‘ deck ' . Get as many modifiers you can and go to town on blowing that rascal up ! Use camo , holo-projectors , ODD , link teams , AP/K1/EXP/Monofilament/E/M/Adhesive ammos , whatever it takes .
My favorite unit to stack the mods in my favor against a T.A.G . is the humble Tankhunter with an AP HMG , cover , camo , surprise shot , burst four , AP rounds , and with a BS of 12 , I 'd like to see what your T.A.G . is going to do in the reactive turn against this ! All in all , your T.A.G . is suffering -9 to shoot me with one die , while I get four and if you do manage to hit , I still have 6 ARM , thanks to cover . Your T.A.G . is nothing compared to the tanks and armored vehicles these guys were created to hunt .
Another great example is the Oniwaban . TO camo , Martial Arts Lv . 4 , CC of 24 , Monofilament blade and Superior Infiltration help deliver this guy to their target and very effectively ; however this is primarily a first turn strategy . If you 're forced to go seconder than do n't use the superior infiltration option ( the roll will give the Oniwaban away ) . Instead infiltrate in Hidden Deployment and wait for the T.A.G . to approach you or wait for your active turn . Then run up to the fool and slice them open ! That 's a cute robot you 've got there , shame it 's dead now after one slash of my monofilament blade .
How about the humble Swiss Guard missile launcher ? Keep it in hidden deploy until the enemy 's T.A.G . is either facing away from you ( at the start of the turn , this is -extremely- crucial in order to avoid being shot ) and shoot them right in the back ! Or shoot them on your active turn and watch as their T.A.G . struggles to hit you back with a -12 ( TO , cover , surprise shot ) !
Ghazi Muttawi'ah are the cheapest and most efficient T.A.G . hunters in the game . 5 points buys you a little trooper whose whole purpose is to run interference on your opponent 's communication devices . Keep this little tool inside a building near the T.A.G . and wait for them to walk past and then hit them with your jammer ! Or , flank them and hit them with your E/Marat . There no worse feeling than watching as your mighty T.A.G . is now forced to sit in one spot for the rest of the game or only being able to use one order with it .
2 ) Direct Confrontation = Dead ( for you )
Do NOT , I repeat , DO . NOT . try to fight a T.A.G . directly , unless you are extremely confident that you will win and kill it ( for example , if you 're using a heavy T.A.G . and about to engage a light T.A.G. , go right on a head , direct confrontation all you want or you 've definitely stacked the deck in your favor ! ) , because you wo n't . More than likely you 'll end up dead instead . Make sure you stack those mods and take on the T.A.G . when and how you want to . This may require to sneak back behind the thing and then shoot it with your monstrous weapons ( or a lowly Combirifle ) . Avoid any direct firefight as much as possible , but then again this wo n't always be an option , so just make sure to follow Axiom # 1 ; stack the deck as much as possible before a direct firefight .
3 ) No Shame in a Backwards Advance
Only cowards retreat , but a smart leader knows when it 's time for a backwards advance ; facing T.A.G.s is one of those times . Do n't be afraid to have your troops fall back and hide right before it shifts to your opponent 's turn . There are very few good reactive troops to take a T.A.G . on with , so just hide what you want to protect with the orders you have left . Hide them behind total cover , drop them prone behind whatever , put them back into a marker state , run very very far across the table , whatever it takes to keep your important troops alive .
4 ) Burn the Fuel , Kill the Engine
Rather than killing the T.A.G . its self , cripple it 's orders instead . Avoid the beast as much as possible and go after the troops feeding it orders ( especially the freaking engineer ! Nothing breaks ones heart more than to see the T.A.G . they killed get right back up ) . Send your airborne troops or infiltrators into your opponent 's deployment zone and just start going to town on wiping out the cheap troops . What good is an engine with no fuel ? It looks really cool and pretty , that 's it though .
5 ) Cyberly Wreck what Conventional Weapons Wo n't
Sometimes it 's much easier to get a repeater or hacker in range of an enemy T.A.G . from behind a wall then it is to shoot the blimey fool . Some T.A.G.s are much weaker towards hacking than they are to conventional weapons , so use that to your strength ! Hide a remote on the other side of a well , out of line of sight , or launch a pitcher ( previously called , “ Markers ” ) within 8″ and get to town toppling that giant ! Now , this is n't always an option for some factions and it 's much easier for some to pull off than others ( i.e . Nomads and Haqq ) , so this is why it 's Axiom # 5 .
Programs like Overlord , Expel , Oblivion , Gotcha ! , Basilisk , Carbonite , Total Control , and Stop ! will be your friends here . None of these actually deal straight damage though , but let me tell you , once you Isolate a T.A.G . on your opponent 's active turn through a marker , you will never get a greater feeling of satisfaction ( besides maybe using an Autocannon ) .
Now that you have the Five Axioms , let 's focus on some common threats :
Avatar
The most expensive of T.A.G.s at 137 points ( almost half of a 300 point list ! ) , this thing is a monster ! This is one of the T.A.G.s that you just want to kill off its order pool and try to avoid it if you can . It 's really expensive , so it 's going to be hard for your opponent to get too many orders in besides this monstrosity , so kill off everything else . Just be careful and do n't let the Avatar get too close or it might start brainwashing your troops who have cubes ( sepsitor plus for the win ! ) . To further iterate my point as to why you should n't approach this bugger ; it has 9 ARM , 9 BTS , 3 STR , ODD , BS 15 , PH 17 , and immunity to being possessed . Yeah , just kill the order pool ; however , if you 're feeling brave ( or sacrificial ) it 's not a bad idea to sneak up a really cheap flamethrower unit to burn off that ODD and then use the 5 Axioms to take it down .
P.S . You always know the Avatar is the Lieutenant since that 's the only loadout it has , but it also has Ghost : Mnemonica . This ability effectively allows the status of Lt. and the WIP of the original to travel to any other unit that has a cube . In other words , they will always have a WIP 17 Lt , so do n't bank on putting the enemy into Loss of Lieutenant after you kill this thing .
Sphinx
TO camo mixed with high mobility and a short range package to really wreck your day , this T.A.G . is a monster to deal with your first time . Flamethrowers , sensor , hiding , whatever it takes . Just be careful of getting close to it because it too has its own flamethrowers , but it might be advisable to at least torch it once to burn off that TO camo . Also , once it reveals , get ready to hit it hard , even engage it if you can/need , because if you do n't get rid of it fast enough , it -will- wreck your backfield , no problem . Keep troops as far away as possible to avoid getting swathes of them hit by the flamethrowers ( do NOT cluster them up because they -will- be torched alive ) , hide inside narrow buildings/walkways where it ca n't get to you ( especially a hacker ready to hack the poo out of this thing ) . Do n't forget it has a 6 – 6 MOV and Climbing Plus , so it 's not afraid to come after you on top of roofs , which might be the right time to start blasting it . Once you get rid of that nasty TO or have MSV2+ , shoot it from afar and you 're golden . It only has 6 ARM and a spitfire , so it 's not that tough of a nut to crack…once it reveals .
Cutter
TO camo again , but this time packing a MULTI HMG , this bugger really knows how to ruin a birthday party . Not as spooky as the Sphinx since it 's not a close quarters nightmare , but it can still deal out some nice damage from range ! Be ready to sensor it and then torch it ( or just torch it if it 's already revealed ) or use visors to light it up from afar on your turn . Should n't be too hard to get it from there though , since it will be rather weak in the reactive turn without the TO camo anymore .
Jotum
If tanks grew legs and were almost invincible , they 'd be Jotums . 10 ARM , 9 BTS , a MULTI HMG , Heavy Flamethrower and D.E.P . make this T.A.G . a mobile impenetrable fortress ! Use whatever you have available to you that reduces ARM and BTS , because otherwise you will almost never crack this nut . If you decided against bringing your anti-T.A.G . weaponry , hacking suites , then kill the order providers and hope for crits .
Maghariba Guard
With a new shiny model and some of the best offensive capabilities in all of Haqqislam , this T.A.G . is definitely not playing around , especially if your opponent took the 360 degree visor version . This thing is a real brute in suppressive fire and up close , so engage it either far away with high burst weapons or hack it from a comfortable distance with markers and repeaters . It 's a monster , but not exactly a tough monster .
Get the biggest Celtic stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
SOME transfers are destined to hit the ground running .
In the case of the free-scoring Diego Costa at Chelsea , you did n't need to be the Special One to know how this was likely to play out .
Call a taxi for Fernado Torres and , in a single swoop , swap one the most fragile and forlorn strikers in European football 's elite for one of its most powerful and prolific .
That bit of jiggery pokery may have cost around £32million but it will probably buy Jose Mourinho another title and be marked down as the best bit of business of the season .
At the other end of the scale , there are deals so devoid of sound logic they reek of desperation from the off .
Such as losing one loose cannon in Luis Suarez and immediately rolling out another in Mario Balotelli ( albeit an even less stable and more explosively self-indulgent alternative ) .
This move by Liverpool looked ridiculously risky at the time and now Balotelli has sulked their way through a first Anfield defeat – their huffy indifference undermining the team ethic Suarez so epitomised – the folly is no easier to fathom .
While Costa might make Chelsea champions this season , there is a danger Balotelli will have a wrecking ball effect on all of Brendan Rodgers 's good work .
And , if so , then the Liverpool boss will only have themselves to blame for failing to spot the blindingly obvious .
But there has been another piece of transfer market trading done in Britain this summer which , although nowhere near as bold or as brash , is quickly shaping up as one of the smartest one-in-one-outs of the entire window .
Yes , at the time Celtic may have angered some of their own supporters by cashing in on Fraser Forster but the reality is not only were they scooping up £10m from Southampton , they were also handing Ronny Deila an even better goalkeeper . For free .
In fact , had Forster not been sold in the summer then the giant Geordie would probably be testing the integrity of Deila 's bench by now because , quite simply , Craig Gordon provides this team with a safer pair of hands .
Deila ca n't claim a great deal of credit for this spectacular bit of ducking and diving as Gordon had pitched up at Lennoxtown before the Norwegian was even a glint in Peter Lawwell 's eye .
The capture of the former Hearts and Sunderland keeper was already a work in progress and Gordon 's work on the training ground had convinced coach Stevie Woods in particular the club had stumbled on to a winner .
Of course , there were doubts over Gordon 's physical condition and maybe even their mental state given the toll of two years spent battling a career-threatening knee problem .
The general suspicion was this outstanding talent – whose reflex save from Bolton 's Zat Knight was voted the greatest save by any keeper in 20 years of the English Premier League – had become permanently damaged goods . But Woods was smart enough to know better .
Gordon had been cut down in their prime on Wearside , first by two broken arms and then by the knee surgery that drove them so close to giving up the game .
They washed up as a coach at Dumbarton and trained for a while at Rangers but the longer they stayed out of the firing line , the less likely it seemed they would ever return .
Which is why their sudden resurgence at Celtic has been such an eye-catching and heart-warming affair . Not that sentiment has any part in it because Gordon is there on merit and performing as if they have never been away .
Not only has their handling been immaculate but there is a calm assurance about them that was evident again on Saturday when Celtic were beginning to wobble at home to Aberdeen .
They command their penalty area in a way Forster – despite their Cow Pie physique – never quite seemed able to do . At the weekend , Gordon was plucking the kind of crosses out of the air Forster used to stand waving at , often as panic ensued all around .
And that 's not meant to sound churlish either as there is no doubt Forster is one of England 's finest goalkeepers . But Gordon at their very best is just that bit better and it 's no surprise the 31-year-old is back in Gordon Strachan 's Scotland squad .
So yes , Deila landed lucky by inheriting this particular player and on Thursday night in Austria Celtic 's manager will be banking on this renaissance man once again .
( Image : SNS Group / Craig Williamson )
Red Bull Salzburg might sound like a Saturday night binge drink but this lot is more than capable of causing Deila another monstrous European headache which is the last thing they need right now .
These first few weeks in the job have been a rowdy , largely unedifying experience for the Scandinavian .
They went into Saturday on the back of a winless four-game streak and if that run had been extended by Aberdeen 's visit then the grumbling uncertainty around Deila might have become a bit of an angry clamour .
While it is of course early days in their fledging Celtic careers , the jury remains out on other recent arrivals Jo Inge Berget , Wakaso Mubarak , Stefan Scepovic and Aleksandar Tonev , whose debut on Saturday would have been wholly forgettable had it not been for subsequent allegations of racist remarks .
Claims which , if proven , will provide Deila with another serious difficulty .
In fact , if what Shay Logan says is true then Tonev might find their time here is up before it has even begun because Celtic – still in the midst of a similar probe into Leigh Griffiths – can do without any more liabilities .
What Deila needs is men upon whom they can hang their hat and Gordon is undoubtedly one of them . Scott Brown , who returned from injury at typically breakneck speed on Saturday , is another .
Brown 's energy , enthusiasm and drive have been badly missed by Celtic 's midfield . It was no coincidence that when they ran out of steam towards the end of the first half and again midway through the second , that Aberdeen enjoyed their most dangerous spells .
Which of course was when Gordon came to Deila 's rescue .
Now the manager must ready themselves for another chartered flight towards the unknown . So long as there are seats on the plane for both Gordon and Brown then Deila has half a chance .
Etixx-QuickStep director Brian Holm told a Danish website this week that they are looking forward to working with Marcel Kittel and hopes to help the German sprinter return to the top of their game after a 2015 season plagued with illness and injury . Related Articles Kittel looking forward to fresh start with Etixx-Quickstep
Etixx-QuickStep sign Richeze to lead out Kittel
Degenkolb : Kittel leaving wo n't really change much for me
Kittel won just a single UCI race in 2015 on the opening day of the Tour of Poland . An early season virus followed by a slow recovery kept them out of the Tour de France . Kittel and Giant-Alpecin mutually parted ways earlier this month , paving the way for Etixx to pick up the sprinter with the hope that they can fill the hole left by Mark Cavendish 's departure .
Holm said he 'll be looking to bring back the 'old Kittel . '
`` That will be the task , '' Holm told feltet.dk . `` And we will try to make a race program so that they come good in time again . If they are not on top , they should not race . We will take care of him .
`` Kittel should not have raced when they were ill , and it destroyed him , '' Holm said . `` If they come back after their virus , it will be exciting . ''
Holm is confident Kittel will return to their previous form and that they will once again win big races .
`` He has something that others do not have , '' said the Etixx-QuickStep director . `` He is a winner and they have an extra gear , so there are not many who can follow him . ''
Holm also indicated that Kittel will have the team 's support at the Tour de France if they are back in top form next July .
`` With their history of Tour stage wins when they are on top , I ca n't see any reason not to race for him , '' Holm said .
All three levels of government are teaming up to spend some $ 65 million to protect the Port Lands area from severe flooding .
The investment was announced on Wednesday by Mayor John Tory , Amarjeet Sohi , the federal Minister of Infrastructure and Communities , and Bob Chiarelli , Ontario 's Infrastructure Minister . Some 40 other projects , including some in the GTA , also received funding .
Under the agreement , here 's how the government funding breaks down :
Government of Canada pays $ 32,500,000
Government of Ontario pays $ 16,250,000
City of Toronto pays $ 16,250,000
Tory said investing heavily in the Port Lands — the mainly industrial area south of Lake Shore Boulevard , from Cherry to Leslie Streets — is crucial in developing a major new part of the city .
`` This is just the beginning of unlocking the full potential of our Port Lands , '' Tory told reporters .
One day , they said , the area will be `` one of the most dynamic new neighbourhoods and precincts in all of North America , let along the city of Toronto . ''
The first step will be to remediate contaminated soil and ensure the area , which sits at the mouth of the Don River , can handle storm runoff now and in the future . Tory said the flood prevention work will also revitalize the Don and improve water quality in the inner harbour .
All of this will be necessary before the Port Lands , and the Unilever site just north of the Port Lands , can be developed .
Work is set to begin in mid-2017 , and continue for nearly a year and a half .
Tory said while Wednesday 's funding announcement is a `` great day '' for the city , the area will require many millions more in future years .
FULLERTON , CA—Having grown up seeing few characters they could relate to on the big screen , local man Jake Champney , who once jumped a motorcycle onto a hijacked bullet train , told reporters Tuesday that they never thought he 'd see the day when Hollywood would tell stories like his . “ After all these years , it 's really validating to finally see movies where a guy launches their Kawasaki Ninja H2R off a bridge , lands it cleanly atop a train speeding toward Tokyo at 200 mph , and then disconnects the passenger cars right before the engine explodes , ” said Champney , 35 , adding that they were grateful their children will be able to grow up watching films in which a person leaps from a train at the last possible second to escape the ball of flame erupting behind him . “ Representation is so important . When I was a kid , it felt as if no one cared about the experiences of the guy who was clinging to the landing skids of an airborne helicopter or inching their way along the bottom of a moving semi truck and up toward the cab . Thankfully we 've made a lot of progress since then. ” Champney went on to say that they would n't get complacent , noting that bullied teenagers mentored by martial-arts masters living in their apartment complex only got to see themselves in a handful of movies before Hollywood turned its back on them completely .
Advertisement
Every year since the dawn of the factory and the Industrial era , humanity has consumed more and more energy every year . Ever since the rise of coal in the late 1800s , the bulk of the energy need had been fulfilled with fossil fuels such as petroleum , natural gas , and coal , which have left a serious impact on our environment . Although there had once been widespread support for nuclear energy , accidents at various power plants throughout the years have led to major concerns regarding safety and a general setback to the integration of atomic power to the energy supply . Due to increasing prices , a finite supply , and negative environmental impacts , people have been searching for alternative energy sources to fossil fuels . Although solar farms , wind turbines , and hydroelectric dams have shown promising results in terms of energy production , renewable energy sources still fall short of being able to produce enough energy to satisfy projected power consumption ; however , nuclear power has the capabilities and the technology to fulfill future energy demands . Renewable energy sources provide only 12 % of U.S. energy production , and nuclear energy produces 21 % of U.S. electricity while fossil fuels account for 66 % : 41 % coal , 24 % natural gas , and 1 % petroleum ( “ Primary Energy ” ) . Although opponents of nuclear energy have argued that radioactive waste and accidents at power plants could have disastrous effects , the United States should increase the development of nuclear power because it is a clean source of energy that can reliably replace fossil fuel production , an extremely efficient source of energy that can produce electricity at far more effective rates than alternative fuel sources , and one of the safest sources of energy .
Humanity has had an undeniable impact on the environment , especially when it comes to pollution and the emission of greenhouse gasses . It is becoming increasingly apparent that there will need to be a shift towards more sustainable and more ecologically sound energy sources in order to prevent an environmental catastrophe . In 2015 greenhouse gas emissions had increased to unprecedented levels ; carbon dioxide had risen past 400 parts per million which is significantly higher than the 278 parts per million of carbon dioxide that were in the air prior to the Industrial Age . To correlate with record-breaking carbon emissions , 2015 was also the warmest year on record ( Mindock ) . Over the last two decades , the annual rate of rise in Global Mean Sea Level has been double the average rate of rise of the previous 80 years at 0.13 inches ( Pattero ) . It is clear that current means of energy production are unsustainable . Scientists are alarmed by the current trends as well as their effects on global climate change because if trends continue at their current rate , severe consequences could devastate society in the forms of droughts , flooding , severe weather , etc . Most will attribute this rise in the carbon footprint to the world 's dependence on fossil fuels . Nuclear energy provides an attractive alternative that produces zero carbon emissions . According to Greenpeace founder , Dr. Patrick Moore , “ Nuclear energy is the only non-greenhouse gas-emitting power source that can effectively replace fossil fuels and satisfy global demand ( Moore ) . ” There are a number of advantages that nuclear energy has over alternative energy sources . Nuclear power plants produce no carbon emissions . Nuclear power has the capability to produce massive amounts of electricity . Nuclear energy is not reliant on external conditions for production of energy , which makes it a reliable energy source . In the process of nuclear fission , no fossil fuels are consumed , which limits carbon emissions of nuclear power solely to facility construction and the transportation of nuclear fuel .
The predominant issues regarding nuclear power are the dangers of accidents , meltdowns , radiation , disposal of nuclear waste , and costs . Although popular opinion would lead one to believe that nuclear energy is a dangerous means of production , in reality nuclear energy is one of the safest energy sources available , and although the media suggests that nuclear energy has seriously affected the environment , not a single person has died due to the incidents at Three Mile Island or Fukushima ( McKenna ) . The deaths that resulted from the nuclear meltdown at Chernobyl are relatively very low when compared to the number of deaths that result from the combustion of fossil fuels . It is estimated that more than 13,000 deaths every year are a result of the use of coal in just America ( McKenna ) . The pollution in China is so severe that the People 's Republic suffers more than half a million deaths every year from fossil fuel usage alone ( Conley ) . To be fair , nuclear meltdowns can have more effects than just death . Accidents can cause entire communities to relocate and severely contaminate the surrounding area with potentially lethal radiation . The other safety concerns regard the treatment of nuclear waste , and there are two methods in use at the moment . The first method is containment , which seals the spent nuclear fuel in specially designed containers for long term storage . The other method used is known as reprocessing , which allows the spent nuclear fuel to be used once more . Unfortunately , the United States does not possess the capabilities to reprocess nuclear waste , and there is also a fear in the U.S. that recycling spent fuel could lead to further weaponization of nuclear energy ( Shughart ) . However , there have been no instances of reprocessing spent fuel leading to proliferation of nuclear arms .
Furthermore , nuclear energy is far more cost effective than alternative sources of energy . The majority of expenses in nuclear power stems from the construction and regulation of power plants , but the expensive start-up can be alleviated by concentrating on the operation of current nuclear plants as opposed to the construction of many additional plants ( Nuclear Energy Institute ) . Nuclear energy , in coordination with solar , wind , and hydroelectric will be able to fulfill the future energy demands without the harmful consequences to the planet that fossil fuels threaten . In order to generate the base electric load of the United States with wind and solar farms , the government would need to spend over $ 29 trillion in development and infrastructure . To produce the same amount of energy using liquid fueld Molten Salt Reactors would cost $ 1 trillion ( Conley ) . Not only are alternative sources of energy far more expensive than nuclear , they are far less efficient . According to Michael Conley , an economist specializing in the energy sector , “ in North America , the media ‘ capacity ' factor for wind is 35 % ( Conley ) . ” Furthermore , due to the lack of effective energy storage , wind and solar farms still rely on gas to make up for inconsistencies in production . Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , a member of the board at the company BrightSource , which built the solar farm in Ivanpah , CA went on to say the following .
We need about 3,000 feet of altitude , we need flat land , we need 300 days of sunlight , and we need to be near a gas pipe . Because for all these big solar plants – whether its wind or solar – everybody is looking at gas as the supplementary fuel . The plants we 're building , the wind plants and the solar plants , are plants ( Conley ) .
Furthermore , renewable energy sources take up enormous amounts of land . A series of 50-story wind turbines along the Appalachian Trail , which stretches on for over 2,100 miles , would create no more electricity than four square miles worth of nuclear reactors ( Alexander ) . International counterparts have realized the benefits of nuclear energy . 80 % of the electricity produced in France is thanks to nuclear energy , and consequently France also ranks last in terms of carbon emissions for Europe . Russia is replacing its natural gas plants with nuclear plants . Around the world 55 nuclear reactors are currently under construction , but not a single one of those reactors are located in the United States ( Alexander ) .
Nuclear energy has proven to be far more efficient , effective , and reliable than alternative sources of energy . Nuclear power can meet the energy needs of the future without the crippling greenhouse gas emissions and disastrous environmental repercussions tied to fossil fuels . Not only is nuclear energy more cost effective and reliable , nuclear energy is far safer than coal , with not a single death attributed to either Fukushima or Three Mile Island ( McKenna ) . Essentially , humanity has a clean , powerful , and cheap source of energy at its disposal , one that is far more effective at producing electricity than its competitors , but chooses not to take full advantage of it and instead chooses to use an environmentally harmful source of power from the 1800s . It is clear that in order to meet future energy needs in ecologically conscious ways , nuclear energy needs to be at the forefront of generating power .
Works Cited :
Alexander , Lamar . “ Top 10 Reasons Nuclear Power Will Be the Key to America 's Energy Future. ” The Hill . The Hill , 23 Sept. 2010 . Web . 27 Feb. 2016 .
Conley , Mike . “ Let 's Run The Numbers : Nuclear Energy VS Wind and Solar. ” The Energy Reality Project . The Energy Reality Project , 17 Apr . 2015 . Web . 27 Feb. 2016 .
McKenna , Phil . “ Fossil Fuels Are Far Deadlier than Nuclear Power. ” New Scientist . RELX Group , 23 Mar . 2011 . Web . 26 Feb. 2016 .
Mindock , Clark . “ Climate Change 2015 : Greenhouse Gas Emissions Break Records In Atmosphere As Global Warming Fears Rise , 100 Million Could Become Poor. ” International Business Times . IBT Media , 09 Nov. 2015 . Web . 27 Feb. 2016 .
Moore , Patrick . “ Mega Uranium Mining & Exploration in Australia : How Clean Is Nuclear Power. ” Mega Uranium Mining & Exploration in Australia : How Clean Is Nuclear Power . Mega Uranium Ltd , n.d . Web . 27 Feb. 2016 .
Nuclear Energy Institute . “ Costs : Fuel , Operation , Waste Disposal & Life Cycle. ” Nuclear Energy Institute . Nuclear Energy Institute , n.d . Web . 27 Feb. 2016 .
Pattero , Andrea . “ Sea Level Rise. ” National Geographic . National Geographic , 3 Mar . 2010 . Web . 28 Feb. 2016 .
“ Primary Energy Supply by Source , 2011. ” Monthly Energy Review ( 2013 ) : n. pag . U.S. Energy Information Administration . U.S. Energy Information Administration , 12 Jan. 2014 . Web . 26 Feb. 2016 .
Shughart , William F. , II . “ Why Does n't U.S . Recycle Nuclear Fuel ? ” Forbes . Forbes Magazine , 1 Oct. 2014 . Web . 27 Feb. 2016 .
Advertisements
Picture twilight in Los Angeles : the city 's labyrinth of eight-lane freeways is jammed with millions of cars , engines burping pollutants into the air . The people in those cars may be drowning in a sea of smog , but they at least can take solace in seeing a scarlet sunset blazing across the horizon .
According to urban legend , air pollution enhances the beauty of a sunset . And pollution does indeed change the appearance of sundown , but whether it tips it in the direction of beauty is a matter of personal taste—and the overall amount of that pollution in the air .
Be it the azure of high noon or the orange glow of dusk , the colors of the sky result from sunlight interacting with molecules in the air , primarily nitrogen and oxygen , which cause it to be deflected in all directions , a phenomenon called Rayleigh scattering . All wavelengths of light are scattered , but they are not scattered equally . According to John W. S. Rayleigh 's approximate scattering law , colors with shorter wavelengths are scattered the most : violet , followed by blue , then green , and so on .
During the day , when the sun is directly overhead , light travels only a short distance through a relatively thinner section of the atmosphere . But as the sun edges toward the horizon , the light must travel increasingly longer paths and is scattered by more air molecules . By the time it reaches the end of this journey ( our eyes ) , `` most of the blue has been scattered out of that beam '' explains Stephen Corfidi , a meteorologist at the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) . What remains are the warmer hues of yellow , orange and red , which blend into a yellowish-orange sunset .
Yet , scattering by nitrogen and oxygen can only explain how sunsets can be orange and perhaps reddish , not how the sky can blush blood red . `` In an atmosphere with no junk at anytime , you 'll never get a sunset that would make someone with normal color vision say , 'Wow that 's red ! ' '' says Craig Bohren , professor emeritus of meteorology at Pennsylvania State University . `` It is certainly true that the 'pollution ' results in redder sunsets . ''
To get a red sky , you need aerosols , explains A. R. Ravishankara , director of chemical sciences at the NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory in Boulder , Colo. Aerosols are solid or liquid particles suspended in the air that originate from both natural processes and human activity .
Natural aerosols come from forest fires , mineral dust kicked up by sandstorms , sea spray and volcanic eruptions , among other things . Volcanoes , which have produced some of the most spectacular sunsets in history , can inject sulfuric acid droplets into the stratosphere , the layer of the atmosphere between 10 to 35 miles in altitude . These droplets can be swept across the globe , painting brilliant crimson twilights wherever they go . Following the 1883 eruption of Indonesia 's Krakatoa , brilliant sunsets appeared around the world , one of which is said to have inspired Norwegian artist Edvard Munch 's painting , The Scream .
But `` in a large city , you can ignore natural aerosol products for the most part '' because the number of aerosols produced by human activity far exceeds natural sources , says Sergey Nizkorodov , a chemist at the University of California , Irvine . Human-generated aerosols can enter the atmosphere directly , as is the case with soot emitted by internal combustion engines in cars and trucks , they explain . Aerosols are also produced when molecules in the gaseous state enter the atmosphere and react with other chemicals , they add . A classic case : burning fossil fuels releases sulfur dioxide gas into the air , which then turns into sulfuric acid aerosols .
Most particles suspended above cities scatter radiation , preferentially removing the cooler violets and blues in the spectral palette and enhancing the red , Nizkorodov says . In this sense , these particles scatter light much the same as do oxygen and nitrogen molecules .
`` Molecules and small particles scatter the same way as long as the particle is sufficiently small , '' Bohren says . If the particle is small compared with the wavelengths of visible light , it will scatter short wavelengths , such as blues and violets , more than long wavelengths , such as red . Many human-made aerosols are small enough to meet this criterion , so they contribute to the deep crimson sunsets of Los Angeles and other polluted cities across the globe .
However , `` at some point , the air pollution is so bad , and the sky is so saturated , you do n't even see the sun clearly anymore , '' Nizkorodov says . For example , the sunset can appear bright but washed out when large numbers of big particles accumulate in the troposphere , the layer of the atmosphere closest to the ground . Aerosols that are close in size or larger than the wavelengths of visible light tend to scatter all colors indiscriminately , increasing the overall brightness of the sky but dampening color contrast .
`` Particles of any kind , even much smaller than the wavelength of visible light , will , as a rule , make the sky brighter but at the expense of its purity of color , '' Bohren says , noting that the effect is more pronounced when there is a high concentration of large aerosols . So , although aerosols may make a sunset red , excess pollution will also dampen the overall sunset experience . In fact , the transition from day to night might be a whole lot peachier—and healthier—without all that atmospheric flotsam .
These are really high quality shorts that look good . I usually do n't pay much attention to the MSRP that Amazon gives on products but in this case they really do seem like 100 dollar shorts . The quality of the fabric is really apparent when you put them on , they feel very sturdy and comfortable .
I got wigged out by the comments that people wrote about sizing and originally bought the L instead of the M , which fits best with most other shorts . I 'm 6 feet and 180 . The L I had to pull up pretty high , grandpa style , but were still wearable . Fortunately or unfortunately depending on how you look at it , I took a nasty spill while wearing them and ripped a hole in the butt . No shorts would have survived the slide I took without ripping , I will say they probably saved my butt from the horrible degree of scabbing my arm went through . Anyway , it was the perfect excuse to get the M size and they fit perfectly . They fit exactly like my size M Pearl Izumi shorts , which I would think of as the industry standard . So I think all the stuff about these shorts running small is n't accurate - they 're true to size .
At 45 bucks these are a great value , I 'd vote for them as my best cycling shorts .
Story highlights A guided-missile submarine hit a buoy and grounded on November 25
The accident did $ 1 million in damage to the USS Georgia
( CNN ) A November accident has cost a U.S. submarine commander their job and taxpayers at least $ 1 million , the Navy says .
The USS Georgia , an Ohio-class guided missile submarine , struck a channel buoy and grounded as it was returning to port in Kings Bay , Georgia , on November 25 , the Navy said .
Capt . Dave Adams of the Georgia was relieved of command on Monday by Rear Adm. Randy Crites , commander of Submarine Group 10 at Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay .
`` Commanding officers are held to the highest standards of professional conduct and accept the responsibility of command with full regard for its consequences , '' the Navy statement said .
Read More
Anyware Instruments have created two free sample packs with their Tinysizer mini modular synth .
Tinysizer Basses contains 130 great analog synth bass samples in 24Bit , 44.1 kHz .
Fourteen different settings of the awesome Tinysizer have been sampled , nine notes of each setting .
If you like analog synth bass sounds this sample pack is a must-have . Always fat , sometimes aggressive these samples will open your heart wide ( not in a surgical sense , though ; - ) )
Tinydrums contains 95 drum and FX sounds created with the Anyware Instruments Tinysizer .
These samples have a rather lofi vibe to them . Rough and in your face . But the set also contains some cool , thick bass drums .
Very useful for adding crunch and attitude to your tracks .
Download Tinysizer Basses for free .
Download Tinydrums for free .
For more info on the Anyware Instruments Tinysizer mini modular synth go to www.anyware-instruments.de
Do n't forget to tell your friends about these free sample packs by clicking the Facebook , G+ or Twitter buttons below : - )
Best Security Cameras
Canary All-in-One Home Security Device The the Canary CAN100USWT provide complete home security system packed into a single device , that you control from your phone and sends you instant HD video and audio alerts directly to your smartphone whenever it detects something strange . Brand : Canary Model : CAN100USWT Dimensions : 6 x 3 x 3 inches Weight : 0.87 pounds Price : View Price & Rating
Nest Cam Protect your home or business with the Nest Cam NC1102ES . It provides 24/7 live high-resolution video streaming . You get instantly warning alerts on your smartphone if something happens when you are away . Brand : Nest Model : NC1102ES Dimensions : 6.5 x 3.8 x 6.6 inches Weight : 1.8 pounds Price : View Price & Rating
Icontrol Networks Piper NV The Icontrol Networks Piper NV with integrated alarm system is a unique all-in-one security camera and home-automation system . It contains motion and sound detector , advanced sensors and two-way audio and 105 dB siren . Brand : iControl Networks Model : P1.5-NA-B Dimensions : 5.5 x 7 x 8.8 inches Weight : 11.5 ounces Price : View Price & Rating
Netgear Arlo Smart Home Security The Netgear Arlo Smart is weatherproof security camera and it 's suitable for indoor and outdoor use . The Netgear Arlo Smart is very compact and discreet security camera and can easy magnetically mount discreetly to any area . Brand : Netgear Model : VMS3130-100NAS Dimensions : 9.4 x 11.7 x 5.1 inches Weight : 2.9 pounds Price : View Price & Rating
D-Link DCS-2630L The D-Link DCS-2630L provides very customizable security features that you can easy monitor right from your smartphone , 180° wide-angle lens with de-warping technology and free live stream . Brand : D-Link Model : DCS-2630L Dimensions : 5.53 x 3.37 x 3.37 inches Weight : 0.76 pounds Price : View Price & Rating
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Before we add any product in our list we spent a lot of time for researching on internet . This independent ranking is a work of opinion , based on a careful analysis and each product list we have on this website we spend more than 24 hours in research , our product list is not classified by price or brend , it is classified by the people reviews and comments over the internet . This website is a participant in associate program on amazon and may earn advertising fees when you use our links . This links fees will not increase your purchase price , which will be the same as any direct visitor to the merchant ( amazon ) website . We hope our list will be very usefull for choosing right product for you !
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Edward Snowden . ( Courtesy : Guardiannews.com ) Ad Policy
Immediately following the announcement that the source behind The Guardian 's NSA spying revelations is Edward Snowden , a 29-year-old NSA contractor , protesters around the world rallied to show support for the whistleblower .
In New York , a group of activists gathered in Union Square amid downpours . Organizer Andy Stepanian called Snowden 's cause “ a marginalized story : ”
It 's saturating the media right now , but history has shown that when these whistleblowers come forward—whether it be Daniel Ellsberg or it is Bradley Manning—within a short period of time , there are attempts to malign the individual or co-opt the narrative or try to demonize that individual for what they did . Edward Snowden put aside a $ 200,000/year career , a house in Hawaii and left their loved one to go on the lam to show people the truth , which was that our government was spying on us without warrants under the auspices of the war on terror . And in doing so they violated our Fourth Amendment rights .
In Hong Kong , up to 1,000 Snowden supporters are expected to stage a protest to call on the government to protect him .
The AFP reports that the group , including lawmakers , will march first to the US consulate and then government headquarters to urge the administration of the semi-autonomous territory to not extradite Snowden .
“ We should protect him . We are calling on the HK government to defend freedom of speech , ” Tom Grundy , a rally spokesperson , said Wednesday .
“ We do n't know what law they may or may not have broken but if Beijing has a final say , they do n't have to extradite them if they are a political dissident , ” they told AFP .
When asked why they chose Hong Kong as a refuge , Snowden cited the city 's “ strong tradition of free speech . ”
On Wednesday , Snowden told the South China Morning Post : “ People who think I made a mistake in picking HK as a location misunderstand my intentions . I am not here to hide from justice ; I am here to reveal criminality . ”
Several lawmakers have agreed to take part in a discussion forum following the protest , including prominent pro-democracy politician Albert Ho , according to Grundy .
The online community has also rallied behind Snowden , organizing a White House petition demanding a presidential pardon that has already attracted more than 61,000 signatures , while a separate campaign was launched to help pay for Snowden 's expenses .
Facebook employee Dwight Crow donated $ 1,000 of their own money to help Snowden with legal fees , hotel bills or flight costs . Facebook is one of the companies that has denied links to the NSA 's Prism program .
Crow wrote : “ I 'd imagine Snowden 's fate is going to be determined by forces larger than legal bills , but have heard he 's stuck in HK with frozen accounts . Figured a little cash might help significantly . ”
Obsession over Snowden 's personal life highlights a major flaw of the establishment media : the tendency to fixate on minute details while completely missing the big picture , namely the US government 's vast spying program .
While the media speculates about Snowden 's motives and allegiances and salary and pontificates about their dancer girlfriend and if she 's feeling lonely , Snowden 's supporters seem to grasp that this story is about something bigger .
“ Anyone who uses the internet and expects some privacy should be concerned about what was said in [ Snowden 's ] interview , so I imagine we will get a good turnout , ” said Grundy .
The Senate just passed a farm bill that contains massive cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program . Read George Zornick 's analysis here .
The world is full of wonders and mysteries , some of which continue to capture our attention and some which for some reasons have been lost to time . When looking at historic accounts it is possible to find perplexing enigmas that seem to have been forgotten , fading from all memory and the public consciousness . For whatever reason , these mysteries have fallen into the cracks and crevasses of lost history . One such place is the monster infested Forbidden Pit of deepest , darkest Africa .
In the early 1920s , several news publications of the time shed light on a curious location in Africa , which was at the time a continent largely unexplored by Westerners , a place full of dark wonder , adventure , and ancient mysteries . It was reported that in what was referred to as North Rhodesia , there was a mysterious pit in the ground measuring at least a hundred feet wide that the native Mashona and Matabele people of the area shunned , a place only known as The Forbidden Pit .
It was said that the pit was home to some horrific , reptilian beast that would emerge to terrify the local tribes . Apparently somewhat like a dinosaur in appearance , the creature 's appetite was said to be ravenous , and that it would ferociously hunt and kill whatever it could catch , including human beings . The tribes spoke of how beastly howls , wailing , and roaring could often be heard emanating from the depths of the hole . One tribe , the Ila , had allegedly become so distressed by the horror from the pit that a group of tribesmen is tied together and flung into the craggy black hole as a sacrifice in an attempt to appease the monster that lurked within .
Both the October 1925 edition of the New Zealand Herald and the December 1925 edition of the Ellesmere Guardian reported that an expedition to the mysterious hole was mounted by a man only known as Mr. Worthington , who was the Native Commissioner of the area . After setbacks trying to find a native guide brave and willing enough to take them there , the expedition was reportedly able to locate the Forbidden Pit , which was described as having an underground river that rose to within forty feet of the top .
The expedition saw no strange monsters or unusual wildlife in or around the pit , and heard no monstrous roaring , but the guide insisted that they were there , as did other tribesmen of the vicinity . The chief of the Barotse tribe , a man known as Lewanki , told Worthington on several occasions of a strange beast they had seen in the marshes near the Forbidden Pit . The New Zealand Guardian , October 17 , 1925 , issue 19151 , reported that the chief had seen :
.. an animal like a monstrous hippopotamus , but many times larger , which swirled away as they looked but left behind it the traces of its crawling limbs like ruts of wagon wheels .
The chief claimed that the monster on occasion crawled from its lair within the pit to prowl the surrounding swamps and marshes . Worthington was unable to find any evidence of such a creature in the marshes either , but the native stories persisted , and whatever it was that supposedly lurked in the depths of the Forbidden Pit had clearly frightened them . Many tribesmen were afraid to even speak of the monster . It was difficult to get anyone to go anywhere near the place , guides were hard to come by , and the expedition members were repeatedly warned to stay back .
The New Zealand Guardian summed up its report by saying :
The story conjures up visions of some great reptile like the Plesiosaurus , which wallowed in the swamps of Africa millions of years before ancient man walked there . Fifty miles from the Forbidden Pit the skull of Africa 's earliest known man was found , a contemporary of the cave men of Europe . Could they have seen this monster or its ancestors ?
It can be forgiven the lack of scientific foresight shown in this citation since at the time we did not know as much about prehistoric people or animals as we now do . It is interesting that even all the way back in 1925 , Plesiosaurus was the go-to explanation for such a creature , regardless of how questionable it was that a Plesiosaurus would be “ wallowing in the swamps of Africa , ” or that the chief 's description in no way matched it .
The Ellesmere Guardian , December 15 , 1925 , issue 2945 editions offered much speculation on the pit being perhaps a hidden sanctuary for prehistoric dinosaurs long thought to have gone extinct . It also postulated that even if the strange creatures of the Forbidden Pit were not necessarily dinosaurs , it was feasible for some other extinct beast to be behind the reports . The publication said :
In Africa there are a number of animals which , according to the geological timepiece , have only lately become extinct , and there is no reason why in some protected spot where food was plentiful and enemies few , some of these ancient animals should not have survived to show the world , like the okapi , that they are not yet prehistoric .
This all leaves one to wonder , just what in the world was the Forbidden Pit of Africa ? If these reports are to be believed , then is it still out there hidden away from the world in some remote place in Africa ? We may never know . It seems that whatever these reports were describing , this monster infested pit is a place that has faded into a mere forgotten historical news curiosity .
German anti-doping journalist Hajo Seppelt has been in the headlines this week after they and their colleagues at ARD were involved in uncovering what appears to be a massive doping scandal involving Russian athletics .
According to a documentary broadcast on ARD station WDR on Wednesday night , up to 99 % of the Russian Olympic team used doping . They were allegedly facilitated and protected by what was described as an East German-style doping system , which included the administration of doping substances and also cover-ups to try to limit positive tests .
Seppelt has past history in cycling , having forced the public disclosure of Alberto Contador 's positive test from the 2010 Tour de France .
Seppelt had heard suggestions of a possible cover up of Contador 's positive test for Clenbuterol and contacted then-UCI president Pat McQuaid , who denied that the Spaniard had any doping issues .
However the rider 's positive test was announced hours after that phone call , with the news being transmitted by Contador 's spokesperson in a late-night press release .
At the time Seppelt said that they felt that their phone call had essentially forced the UCI to go into damage limitation mode and to get the news out into the open before ARD was able to do so itself .
They also claimed that UCI officials had secretly met with the Spaniard to try to manage the situation . Contador subsequently told Seppelt on camera that the UCI had given them advice , telling them to use the Dutch scientist Dr Douwe de Boer in their defence and to claim food contamination as the source .
Contador was eventually handed a ban by the Court of Arbitration for Sport and stripped of their victories in both the 2010 Tour de France and the 2011 Giro d'Italia .
Speaking this week to CyclingTips , Seppelt said that they would be willing to speak to the Cycling Independent Reform Commission ( CIRC ) , the independent three-man panel which is currently conducting an inquiry into the Lance Armstrong/US Postal Service affair , doping in cycling and the UCI under presidents Hein Verbruggen and Pat McQuaid .
“ They have n't contacted me , ” they confirmed , “ but I 'll speak to them if asked . Why not ? ”
Seppelt previously told this writer that they had received the information about Contador from people who were concerned by how the positive test was being treated .
“ There are sources in the international world of cycling , particularly in Spain , who do n't like to play the game , ” they said in early 2011 . “ They hate the way people try to hide the stories in cycling , they do n't take that any more . ”
Asked this week to explain why they believed that the UCI under McQuaid behaved improperly , they revisited that theme .
“ For several weeks they had been aware of the positive test , and also the B sample , ” they said . “ They did n't behave the right way , because there was contact between Contador and UCI staff members at the time .
“ In my view , in an independent way of doping control procedures , it does n't work that you are in touch with an athlete .
“ That happened before we published our story and before we contacted them . This was also one of the reasons why we decided to do further research because we thought it was absolutely unacceptable that a governing body like the UCI and an athlete were in contact with each other to find a way to explain these strange values , these strange ingredients of the urine .
“ From my point of view , this was a clear break of the rules . ”
Seppelt said that if the CIRC wished to speak about the case , they would talk to the commission .
McQuaid lost their presidential role in September 2013 when Brian Cookson received more votes in the election held at the UCI Congress in Florence , Italy .
Asked if they believed that things were better under Cookson , they indicated that there have been improvements . “ One thing is sure – they are better than the past . That is for certain . ”
World Anti Doping Agency director general David Howman told CyclingTips this week that they also believed that things were better than before .
“ I think we got through a couple of siege periods which were stimulated by others , not ourselves , ” they said , referring to the past presidencies . “ Those sieges are now over . The atmosphere is much more relaxed and we certainly are getting on pretty well with the Cookson team . We do n't really have any concerns . ”
They added that they hoped the CIRC report would help the sport to move on . “ We are now looking forward to seeing that report because that will then , hopefully , put past years behind everyone . ”
Howman said that WADA had cooperated fully with the CIRC when asked to hand over information . “ We 've given them lots and lots of stuff , ” they told CyclingTips . “ We did n't hold back , we just gave them boxes of material and we would expect them to look at it all . ”
The CIRC is expected to announce its findings in the coming months . Seppelt may not have been contacted thus far , but there is still time for that to happen and for them to share their information .
Stepanov : Cyclists amongst sportspeople being protected
The Russian doping scandal uncovered by Seppelt has potentially devastating consequences for sport . The country has predictably denied the accusations , but both WADA and the IAAF have said that they have serious concerns and will investigate .
Asked by CyclingTips if they had uncovered any cycling involvement in the Russian doping affair documented by the WDR programme , Seppelt said that there was little evidence , but added that they had n't looked in this area .
“ There is no involvement of cycling uncovered . Absolutely not , ” they said . “ I did n't ask about it , honestly , because I was focussed on other subjects . But no-one told me about it , except from one quote of Vitaliy [ Stepanov ] , our main whistleblower , who said that they were sure because they were working in RUSADA [ the Russian anti-doping agency – ed . ] as the general adviser of the director .
“ He said that they know for sure that some athletes have not been tested . They also mentioned cycling . That was the only link . ”
In the programme , Stepanov gave the following exchange :
“ I clearly could see that officials try to make sure that some athletes are not being tested . ”
Reporter : “ Which sports ? ”
Stepanov : “ In swimming , cycling , biathlon , athletics , weight lifting , Nordic skiing . ”
It is unclear if the Russian Olympic cycling team is amongst those which has been shielded in the past , but Stepanov 's comments are interested in this regard .
Earlier this year the UCI announced that former Giro d'Italia and Vuelta a España winner Denis Menchov had been given a two year ban and stripped of several career results , including third place in the 2010 Tour de France , due to biological passport irregularities .
Menchov was part of the Russian team for the 2012 Olympic Games , but never directly tested positive .
Another Russian , Denis Galimzyanov , tested positive for EPO in 2012 .
Both they and Menchov have spent periods competing with the Russian Katusha squad .
Today we 're talking about building gameplans , drawing flowcharts and becoming a specialist .
Listen to “ Making Gameplan Flowcharts And Becoming A Specialist ” on SoundCloud
Here 's the question I 'm answering :
Curious about how indepth to go into my gameplanning . I currently have an OCD obsession building technique trees where I start with a position , then list available grips , then list techniques off of those grips . I end up with huge flowcharts which while cool , are too extensive to be anything but a reference . I 'm curious when you start winding up for a tournament , if there is a limit to the number of techniques you apply drilling rigor to as your “ go to ” methods for that tournament . Kimura 's biography explained how they would pick 2-3 throws per major tournament with the goal of winning by Ippon . My question also asks that if a similar approach were valid to BJJ , would you advocate choosing 2-3 specific finishes that can be applied from several positions and gearing all your game to getting to those points , or drilling 2-3 specific reversals/sweeps/passes and banking on points instead of gunning for the finish . I currently compete in the intermediate category .
After 20 years since one of the best Bomberman style games appeared on the Amstrad in the form of Megablasters . It 's time to present you a brand-new homebrew release of Megablasters : Escape from Castle in the Clouds . A massive game for it 's time spanning nearly 1MB in data has now been given the more up to date treatment by Project Argon . Just like the original , you must clear the way with bombs and by blowing up enemies , but watch out , if you get hit , your energy will decrease and you will at some point die.Not only is this a brilliant homebrew release with great presentation and fantastic McKlain tunes , but it 's rated very highly and a fantastic start to 2015 for the Amstrad scene.Coding : AxelayGraphics : rexbengSound and music : McKlain and Tom & Jerry.Original game by Odiesoft.Available to download for free from HERE
Washington , D.C. – In a report released today , the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law surveys five methods of data collection and finds that intelligence and law enforcement agencies not only collect massive amounts of innocent Americans ' data , but can share and store this data for up to 75 years or more , creating opportunities for abuse and clogging government databases .
For the first time in one report , the Brennan Center takes a comprehensive look at how Americans ' data is collected , with whom it 's shared , and where and for how long the information is stored . ( See infographic )
“ Intelligence agencies are treating the chaff much the same as the wheat , ” said Rachel Levinson-Waldman , counsel at the Brennan Center and author of the report . “ We expect the government to collect and share information that is critical to national security , but creating an electronic dossier on every American citizen is inefficient and ineffective . We need modern policies that limit how and with whom innocent Americans ' data can be shared and stored . ”
Among the report 's highlights :
The FBI 's policy is to keep all information it gathers — regardless of whether it 's on innocent Americans or is relevant to an investigation — for 20 to 30 years .
In the five years after 9/11 , the FBI improperly gathered and retained information on individuals because of their political and social activism — in violation of the First Amendment — and put this data into federal databases from which it became almost impossible to escape , according a 2010 report by the Inspector General of the Department of Justice .
Suspicious Activity Reports ( “ See something , say something ” ) ostensibly related to terrorism are kept in a widely accessible FBI database for 30 years , even if the FBI concludes they have NO nexus to terrorism .
The NSA broke privacy rules thousands of times between 2011 and 2012 , including acquiring information on “ more than 3,000 Americans and green-card holders ” and using search terms for communications that were guaranteed to yield results with no connection to terrorism , according to a 2012 audit .
Without a warrant , Americans ' electronic communications may be kept for up to six years , may be searched using Americans ' email addresses or phone numbers , and can be shared if they are evidence of a crime .
As technological advances allow for easier collection , storage , and sharing of information , greater transparency and stronger , more modern policies are needed to ensure that an effective national security system does not erode or violate Americans ' civil liberties .
The Brennan Center 's report offers multiple reform proposals , including :
Prohibiting the retention and sharing of domestically-gathered data about Americans without reasonable suspicion of criminal activity .
Increasing public oversight over the National Counterterrorism Center , which can amass , retain , and analyze large quantities of non-terrorism information about Americans .
Reforming the outdated Privacy Act of 1974 , which is ill-equipped to protect the privacy of Americans ' personal information in a digital age .
Requiring regular and robust audits of federal agencies ' retention and sharing of noncriminal information about Americans , and ensuring existing policies are accessible and transparent .
Read the full report here .
View the full infographic here .
Donald Trump is standing out from the crowd at the G20 gathering in Hamburg - and not just because of their politics .
Photos from the international meeting show Trump is the only one of the world 's leaders not to wear a special G20 pin , instead choosing to don an American flag .
That 's sent their supporters into a frenzy of approval online - but Barack Obama got there first , donning an American lapel pin at last year 's G20 .
Scroll down for video
Standing out : Donald Trump was seen wearing an American flag pin to the G20 summit in Hamburg , Germany - unlike the other attendees , who wore the G20 badge
Blast from the past : Trump 's fans were enthusiastic about what they saw as Trump rejecting globalism - but Barack Obama wore a US flag pin to the G20 summit in 2016 ( pictured )
Trump 's apparent challenge to the G20 status quo is a small one , but to their followers a deeply symbolic one .
Their whole election campaign was based around rejecting the ties to other countries that had been developed by successive Republican and Democrat administrations .
They included promising to throw out international trade deals that they said were bad for America - such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership - and levying heavy taxes on goods manufactured in Mexico .
They have also gone their own way with climate change , withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement to the disquiet of many other international leaders .
To that end , it would make sense for them to wear the American flag on their chest , and not the G20 logo .
Particularly as that logo is of a reef knot that - according to the G20 website - represents 'interconnectedness ' .
Certainly the pin caught on with their supporters online , who called it a rejection of 'globalism ' represented by the other countries .
Flagged up : The US flag pin stands out from the G20 one ( left ) , which has the G20 logo of a reef knot symbolizing interconnectedness , along with the Elbphilharmonie concert hall ( right )
Twitter user lb fowler jr md wrote : 'Trump refuses to wear G20 pin - opts for American flag which trumps lol any globalism symbol ! '
ActuallyArlie wrote : ' I 'm absolutely devoted to Trump and their mission ... which is our mission . A simple thing like the flag pin speaks volumes . '
And Mary Baker enthused 'GREAT AGAIN , ' adding 'WAY TO GO MR PRESIDENT . '
Meanwhile , Nancy Kennedy-Coon got in a cheeky jab at the leader by posting a picture of a combined US-Russian flag pin , saying it might 'solve Trump 's lapel pin delimna [ sic ] . '
Praise : Trump got kudos online for their sartorial choice , which many of their supports saw as them rejecting 'globalism '
Devotion : This user said they were devoted to Trump 'and their mission .... which is our mission . ' Trump has gone their own way , even drawing out of the Paris climate agreement last month
Dilemma : This user cheekily offered up a pin with a combined US and Russian flag , asking if it might solve the president 's dilemma
However , Trump is not the first to eschew the standard-issue G20 pin for an American flag one .
Photos from last year 's G20 gathering show then-President Barack Obama sporting an identical flag badge on their lapel .
Obama was photographed at the event - including at the photo op for the world leaders at the start of the summit - sporting the unique pin .
As well as the reef knot , the G20 pin for this year also has the shape of the Elbphilharmonie concert hall , which was attended by the world leaders at a special concert before the meetings on Friday .
That same day the world leaders lined up for a photograph to commemorate the occasion .
Trump was a man apart there , too - placed on the far end of the front row , almost the last man there aside from Emmanuel Macron .
Meanwhile Angela Merkel stood near the center , flanked by President Xi Jinping of China and President Mauricio Macri of Argentina .
That 's because the leaders are placed in order of who has been in office longest - with the exception of the host country 's leader , in this case Merkel , who goes in the center .
Hypothesize for a moment that the ‘ scandal ' here is real , but in a limited sense : Trump 's surrogates have not colluded with Russians , but have had ‘ contacts , ' and recognize their political liability , and lie about them . Investigators then leak the true details of these contacts , leaving the wild speculations to the media and the Internet . Trump is enough of a pig and a menace that it 's easy to imagine doing this and not feeling terribly sorry that your leaks have been over-interpreted . If that 's the case , there are big dangers for the press . If we engage in Times-style gilding of every lily the leakers throw our way , and in doing so build up a fever of expectations for a bombshell reveal , but there turns out to be no conspiracy—Trump will be pre-inoculated against all criticism for the foreseeable future .
Gessen and Taibbi are right that many people have too high an expectation for the Russia story , seeing it as a magic bullet that will destroy the Trump presidency . At its most extreme , the story has led to unhinged conspiracy theories that Trump is a Manchurian candidate controlled by the Kremlin . Conservative journalist Louise Mensch , for instance , suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin had Andrew Breitbart murdered in 2012 so that Steve Bannon , now Trump 's chief strategist , could take over the media outlet . Congresswoman Maxine Waters , a Democrat from California , said that it 's “ absolutely true ” that the Russians have a compromising tape of Trump with prostitutes . ( She later retreated from the claim . )
There are other reasons to sideline the Russia narrative . For a Democratic Party adrift after last year 's electoral wipeout , focusing on the Russia story risks ignoring hard questions about the need for internal reform . After all , if the election loss can be blamed on Russian interference , the party does n't need to change . For some on the anti-war left , there is also the fear that the Russia story will ignite a new Cold War . And pushing unfounded claims about the Trump administration 's Russian connections only contributes to the destructive culture of conspiracy created by the president .
These concerns are legitimate , but they do n't settle the matter . After all , there is no reason that the narrative of Trump 's unexplained connections to Putin 's government has to be framed in a conspiratorial or xenophobic way . Even the most innocent explanation of all the available facts still suggests that Trump 's close associates have made compromising connections to dubious characters , including oligarchs and Russian intelligence agents . On the issue of xenophobia , it 's worth noting that an alliance with Russia seems part of Bannon 's larger project of a global alt-right , an informal alliance with the likes of Nigel Farage and Marine Le Pen as well as Putin , all in opposition to an imagined monolithic Islamic threat . Opposing this alliance is the opposite of xenophobia : It 's a taking a stand against an attempt to ally America with Islamophobic and anti-immigrant forces in other lands .
Pursuing the Russia story is a retreat from politics , only if it is framed simply as a matter of Trump having ties with Russia , and not connected to Trump 's ideological agenda . But the story is organically linked with other aspects of Trump that deserve critique . Trump 's mysterious ties to Russia ca n't be divorced from their secrecy about their finances , their affinity for autocratic politics , and their desire to upend American foreign policy in the pursuit of an Islamophobic agenda . The Russia story is not a distraction from developing an anti-Trump politics , but central to the case against him .
As for worries that the story will amount to nothing , it 's worth noting that this has already been disproven . Flynn 's resignation was a major defeat for Trump since Flynn was one of Trump 's closest senior advisers . Given the evident skittishness of the Trump administration around these issues , Flynn likely wo n't be the last to go . In any case , even it were politically desirable to stop the Russia story , that 's beyond anyone 's power , including Trump 's . The issue is in the hands of law enforcement agencies , the intelligence community , and Congress . Trump opponents will have to figure out how to respond to the unfolding news , but there 's no question that it deserves notice , and ought to be leveraged responsibly to further discredit the president .
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Police say it is a matter of respect for drivers and cyclists
Police in one London borough have said they will not prosecute cyclists who ride on the pavement , but is the decision a good move for safety and will it be adopted in other parts of the country ?
Officers who work in Camden say they will not enforce the law `` without good reason '' and instead want to look at why riders are taking to paths instead of using the road .
Inspired by a similar operation launched by West Midlands Police , officers will talk to cyclists they see using pavements in the Primrose Hill area of the city , as well as stopping and warning drivers who overtake cyclists with a gap of less than 1.5m .
They hope to identify the most dangerous spots where riders `` feel forced '' onto the path .
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption Anyone encroaching inside the safe passing distance , widely considered to be at least 1.5m ( 4.9ft ) , will be stopped
But the decision to stop fining cyclists has polarised opinion .
Thomas Newton , who lives and works in London , said : `` It 's a vehicle , it belongs on the road , end of story .
`` I 've had several near misses with riders jumping red lights and not stopping at zebra crossings . I appreciate that there are many conscientious cyclists , but it 's not those guys who are the problem . ''
Jonathan Morris , from Hatfield , said they feel more at risk from cyclists than cars and would not like to see the police dropping fines .
`` Cyclists are everywhere , can ride very fast and cause injuries because they dart all over the place and seem to show a disregard to pedestrians , '' they said .
`` Cars and other motorised vehicles stay in the road and are mostly predicable - even when it comes to rushing through amber traffic lights . ''
'Use common sense '
But Dan Jestico , who cycles with their two young children , disagrees .
`` It is entirely possible to ride sensibly on the pavement , '' they said . `` No one is suggesting that cyclists should ride like idiots anywhere , be it pavement or road .
`` I cycle my two small kids to nursery on the pavement . It would be ludicrous for us to ride on the road . ''
Emma Richardson , from Nottingham , says it is all a matter of context .
`` I do n't think it would be appropriate for a cyclist to try and weave through a busy street as they risk injuring pedestrians , '' they said .
`` But if the pavement is very empty , then no problem really . Just use common sense . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Broadcaster Janet Street-Porter says they believe pedestrians ' rights are being eroded
What is the law ?
Image copyright Thinkstock
The relevant law in England and Wales is the 1835 Highways Act , which created the offence of wilfully riding on a footpath by the side of the road
Enforcement of the law lies with chief police officers of each force
The offence was modified by the Labour government in 1999 to include a fixed penalty notice of £50
The Home Office issued guidance calling for careful use of police discretion , particularly in respect of children
The law is reflected in the Highway Code which prohibits cycling on the pavement - Rule 64 : `` You MUST not cycle on a pavement ''
There are similar rules in both Scotland and Northern Ireland
Source : Stuart Kightley , partner at Cycle Injuries Solicitors
A spokesperson for the National Police Chiefs ' Council said enforcing the fines is `` a local issue '' and the decision would depend on each force area and `` challenges they face locally '' .
But Sustrans , an organisation promoting sustainable transport , urged police forces to follow the lead of officers in Camden .
`` We do n't advocate cycling on pavements , but often fining people that do is a harsh line to take , '' Tim Burns , senior policy and partnerships advisor at Sustrans says .
`` Many people in the UK do not feel confident or safe riding a bicycle on our roads . If we are to encourage cycling as an efficient and healthier way to get around our towns and cities whilst reducing cycling on pavements we need to better understand the concerns and needs of people and provide adequate cycle provision for them . ''
Living Streets , a campaign group for pedestrians , wants better enforcement of the law , not less .
Dr Rachel Lee , policy and research coordinator for Living Streets , says : `` We know most cyclists prefer to use the road , but a small minority continue to ride their bicycles on the pavement for reasons of convenience or safety .
`` This can make pedestrians feel vulnerable - especially those who are visually impaired , suffer hearing loss or have mobility issues .
`` Although Camden 's emphasis on education is welcome , cycling on pavements is illegal . We want better enforcement of the law . ''
Rules around the world
Image copyright Thinkstock
In other parts of the world , cycling alongside pedestrians is seen as the norm .
Countries including Germany , Switzerland and Spain have invested in large networks of cycle paths or pavements that are split between cyclists and pedestrians .
Some cities in the US , such as Minneapolis and Portland , have also rolled out the extra space for those on two wheels .
And in places like Fukuoka , Japan , bicycles are banned from the road entirely and wide pavements ensure safety for both walkers and riders .
Local councils across the country say they are spending more money on creating safer cycling routes for their residents .
When they were mayor of London , Boris Johnson invested £50m into creating cycle `` superhighways '' across the capital .
Nottingham City Council is also investing £6m to build cycle `` superhighways '' across the city and it wants riders to stick to the roads .
A spokesperson said : `` We are investing substantially in infrastructure which allows cyclists to be segregated from other road traffic and from pedestrians , which clearly is the best possible solution for everyone .
`` This is n't possible in every location and so we look to cyclists to use roads where no alternative exists . We will often warn cyclists using pavements that it is an offence that could result in a fine . ''
Since we first considered here what did n't happen to Malaysian Flight 370 , there 's been a virtual flood of “ theories ” proposing what did .
The problem is , all of them start out with “ it 's possible that ” ( rather than “ the facts indicate ” ) , from which a thinking person could only conclude what “ might ” have happened–with no better chance of knowing what actually did . Worse , once the boundaries are stretched to include “ possible ” and “ might ” as operative terms , you no longer have an investigation at all ; rather , you have a piece of creative writing .
So much of what has been advanced as “ theory ” lately falls into that category , and those who are not airline flight operations insiders are most vulnerable to what is no doubt their good faith desire to find answers . But , with neither the technical background nor the aviation experience to separate what 's plausible from what is n't , the results obscure the very truth they search for in the first place .
Malaysian authorities brief the press .
Let 's start with the most recent red herring “ released ” by Malaysian authorities– “ the big left turn , ” which supposedly “ proves ” that the turn was deliberately programmed into the flight computers , presumably by someone with nefarious intent .
In a word , that 's meaningless . There are just too many active and passive ways for “ the big left turn ” to be executed , even with no “ programming ” by what they insinuate was a rogue pilot . For example , look at the photo below :
The letters to the left are all navigation waypoints , composed of four or five character words representing geographic navigational fixes . Notice the waypoint “ PROUD , ” followed by the word “ then , ” which is atop the five empty boxes ?
Below that , see the words , “ Route Discontinuity ? ” That is the aircraft 's Flight Management System ( FMS ) telling me , the pilot , that I have n't told it where to proceed after PROUD . In other words , there 's a break in the route and if I do n't fill those five empty boxes , the FMS will execute a big left turn ( or right , depending on the shortest distance due to winds ) and backtrack along the route to the points it came from .
And that 's just one possible , passive real time cause for “ The Big Left Turn ” so many theorists–including the Malaysian authorities and a news-starved press corps rushing to fill dead air–inexplicably point to as proof of some sort of deliberate , diabolical course programming .
Also , for some unfounded reason , the Malaysian authorities insist that “ such a drastic turn could only be done by the autopilot coupled to the Flight Management System . ”
Absolute nonsense . Daily , flight by flight I and hundreds of airline pilots hand fly all manner of climbs , descents and turns at all altitudes and speeds . That 's what we do .
Which brings me to the newest red herring that has the press panting and Malaysian authorities puffing up : the captain 's flight simulator video game . Supposedly , they 're going to search the game 's memory to see if the captain had “ planned or practiced programming or flying ” the Dreaded Big Left Turn .
Seriously ? A captain with 18,000 flight hours needs to “ practice ” a left turn , or rehearse the FMS direct track to a waypoint ? Which leads from the ridiculous to the absurd : no career pilot would need or want to “ rehearse ” a task that is on the level of an average person turning left into their own driveway . Even worse , accepting that the Malaysian authorities are investigating this as a serious clue is to accept that such a fundamentally meaningless red herring even bears investigation .
Once you do , it 's down the rabbit hole : “ might ” and “ could ” substitute for “ did , ” “ assumptions ” displace facts , which leads to conclusions that hold water like a sieve . Meanwhile , as the Malaysian authorities proffer useless leads , contradicting themselves with their own red herrings , inconsistencies and half truths–while the real investigative trail goes cold , and gets old .
What would motivate Malaysian authorities to divert public scrutiny to such empty yet showy “ revelations ? ” Could it be to deflect attention from their top to bottom mishandling of the incident since the first minute : if , as the Malaysian authorities finally admitted , their military radar detected an unplanned , unauthorized penetration of their airspace by an uncommunicative jet at 35,000 , why did the Malaysian Air Force not scramble fighters to intercept this very clear violation of their airspace and threat to their population at large ?
If they had ( yes , their Air Force has fighters and they are guided by the very radar that detected the straying airliner ) no one today would be searching for Malaysian 370–because they would have followed it and determined their course and intentions .
It would seem less embarrassing for government and aviation authorities to paper over that glaring failure with sideshows like a crewmember 's flight simulator , or which pilot spoke last on the radio , or a mysterious Big Left Turn–which is probably why they 're doing exactly that .
And into the dead silence left by a complete lack of real evidence , come the voices of those who propose creative theories whose flames are fanned by social media with the nonsensical equivocation , “ well , nothing else makes any more sense , ” or “ you ca n't prove this did n't happen . ”
For example , some pundits propose there “ might ” have been a “ fire , ” which “ could possibly ” explain the transponder being “ off. ” Not “ turned off , ” in this scenario seemingly validated mostly by the way Hollywood portrays cockpit electrical failures : sparks , lights flicker out like in your house during a thunderstorm , then someone barks at a radio , “ Ground control , come in please ! Omigod–it 's dead ! ”
But a Boeing jet is not like your house , nor a Hollywood make-believe cockpit . There are multiple power sources and current routings , all designed to swap sources and even types of power to vital equipment–especially to communications and safety gear , including radios and firefighting systems .
And even if there were a fire , a turn toward land and an immediate descent with a mayday call is as instinctive to pilots as breathing and , in my Boeing jet–just like theirs–under most conditions I can set it up to perform the descent and level off safely even without me maintaining consciousness . That 's the way airliners are designed to fly , that 's the way professional pilots fly them .
And as my colleague Jeremy Giguere ( he pilots The Big Kahuna , the Boeing-747 ) notes , Swissair 155 had a fire that destroyed the aircraft–but they talked with controllers for a full 15 minutes as they headed for land .
Fire ? Sinister flight path reprogramming ? All come under the venerable pilot term “ WAG , ” which translates to “ Wild Ass Guess , ” which is exactly what it sounds like .
So let me be clear : I do n't know what happened to Flight 370–and nor does anyone else . That 's because there are no facts from which to draw conclusions and until there are , I wo n't attempt to wring fact from fiction .
To do so is to enter the Land of Oz where trees throw apples and winged monkeys dart about the sky , and Dreaded Big Left Turns plus Fire “ possibilities ” create a chaos that obscures what really ought to be a quiet , diligent search for facts and truth , when or if ever they are discovered .
Despite the shameful Malaysian bungling and the pointless social media circus following this puzzling tragedy , I believe in time the real facts will come out . Then a properly conducted investigation will yield a probable because that will allow the aviation industry and flying community to make air travel safer .
The 200 lost souls and the loved ones they left behind deserve nothing less .
Contact JetHead privately : see “ About ”
Advertisements
Share this : Facebook
Email
Print
Twitter
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Macro-Fiscal Aftermath of Weather-Related Disasters : Do Loss Dimensions Matter ?
Author/Editor :
Kerstin Gerling
Publication Date :
November 8 , 2017
Electronic Access :
Free Full Text . Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer : IMF Working Papers describe research in progress by the author ( s ) and are published to elicit comments and to encourage debate . The views expressed in IMF Working Papers are those of the author ( s ) and do not necessarily represent the views of the IMF , its Executive Board , or IMF management .
Summary :
Weather-related natural disasters and climate change pose interrelated macro-fiscal challenges . Using panel-VARX studies for a sample of 19 countries in Developing Asia during 1970 to 2015 , this paper contributes new empirical evidence on the dynamic adjustment path of growth and key fiscal variables after severe weather-related disasters . It does not only show that output loss can be permanent , but even twice as large for cases of severe casualties or material damages than people affected . Meanwhile , key fiscal aggregates remain surprisingly stable . Event and case studies suggest that this can reflect both a deliberate policy choice or binding constraints . The latter can make governments respond through mitigating fiscal policy efforts such as ad hoc fiscal rebalancing and reprioritization . The findings help better customize disaster preparedness and mitigation efforts to countries ' risk exposure along a particular loss dimension .
Man who defecated on Devils Marbles is 'shitting on our culture ' , should be prosecuted , elders say
Updated
Traditional owners are calling for a man who defecated at the Devils Marbles sacred site in Central Australia to be prosecuted .
The traditional owners of the site , also known as Karlu Karlu , told Central Land Council ( CLC ) chairperson Francis Kelly they felt deeply distressed and upset about the incident and believed it demeaned their culture .
`` It 's really concerning , to make TOs [ traditional owners ] feel shame , '' Mr Kelly said .
`` It 's really no good to tolerate this kind of things . ''
The tradesman , who reportedly worked for Nilsen Electrical and was working at a power station project in Tennant Creek , was sacked following the incident in March last year , which was captured on film and posted online .
Mr Kelly said the CLC was meeting with traditional owners today and would discuss possible legal action and taking the matter to the Aboriginal Areas Protection Authority .
`` They are feeling very hurt and angry , '' Mr Kelly said .
`` One elder said : 'When I see that video it is not only them shitting on our site but shitting on our culture . We see that and we think that they see our culture as shit ' . ''
The traditional owners of the site also have said they want the company who hired the man to come to Tennant Creek and make a public and private apology , Mr Kelly said .
As a result of the man defecating at the site , Sonny Curtis , a traditional owner , is calling for an alcohol ban in the area .
`` The best thing would be for people not to have grog at all when they are at a sacred site , '' Mr Curtis said .
`` Just enjoy the scenery , not drink grog because we all know grog brings lots of trouble . ''
The maximum penalty for individuals who desecrate a sacred site is $ 61,600 or two years in jail .
Topics : indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander , sacred-sites , tennant-creek-0860
First posted
In the handset marketplace , the iPhone is simply one of at least a half a dozen equally capable options . There 's less competition among compact tablets , but many consumers only desire those things as ultraportable entertainment devices or “ wicked big phones ” instead of as real , powerful computers .
And so , despite the superior build materials and productivity potential of the forthcoming new iPad mini , a 7-inch Android tablet that costs nearly half as much as a mini , fits inside smaller pockets , and runs all of the same media apps and most of the same games is still a compelling option for many .
But full-size tablets are a different story . The difference in price between an iPad Air and a full-size Android tablet is much smaller—sometimes , it 's even negligible . And the difference in power and capabilities is immense . I travel with my iPad as my sole computer . I 'd only attempt to do the same with a Galaxy Note 10.1 to win a bet .
All of this is by way of putting the new third-generation 8.9-inch Kindle Fire HDX in context . Despite being one of the cheapest full-size tablets from a name-brand manufacturer , $ 379 ( for the Wi-Fi-only model with 16GB of storage ) does n't feel like a small amount of money . Nor does it seem that much less expensive than a $ 499 iPad Air kitted out the same way . By the way , if you do n't want your Fire HDX to present “ special offers ” on the lock screen , the gap narrows by another $ 15 .
The Kindle Fire HDX 8.9-inch tablet is n't as pocket-sized as the 7-inch version , but it weighs just 13.2 ounces , which is 34 percent lighter than the last generation and even lighter than the iPad Air .
The math still seems to be in the iPad 's favor , and the final verdict must be an answer to the question : “ Is there a type of full-size tablet user who is n't being well-served by the iPad ? ” After about a week with the 8.9-inch HDX , I have a few ideas .
Easy on the arms
The 8.9-inch HDX shares two of the iPad Air 's superlatives : thinness and lightweight . It 's only 0.02 inch thicker , and at just 13 ounces , it 's even about 20 percent lighter than the Air .
Disappointingly , the HDX did n't float , but it was still easy to hold one-handed during long reading sessions .
And it feels good , too . The casing is magnesium , with a coat of paint that makes it bit grippier than the iPad .
Superb display , rich sound
The 2560-by-1600-pixel screen features the by-now-customary “ better than the human eye ” 339-ppi density , and the image quality is further enhanced with what Amazon promises is “ 100 percent sRGB color accuracy . ”
The improvement is hard to fully appreciate unless you lay the HDX side-by-side with the Air , but it 's a gorgeous display with rich contrast , and the improvement is noticeable . This is probably the best screen I own for watching movies .
The screen is great , but its widescreen aspect ratio makes reading in portrait mode feel like you 're holding a legal pad .
My casual impressions have been validated by the experts at DisplayMate , who compared the screens of the iPad Air , the 8.9-inch HDX , and the Google Nexus 10 tablets and declared the Kindle as the “ most impressive . ”
I was more impressed by the screen 's performance outdoors . The HDX is super-bright and it reacts to sunlight by goosing shadow areas . As a result , I was able to enjoy a movie outside , or at a table near a window , which I 've always found impossible on an iPad .
The sole disappointments of the HDX 's 8.9-inch display are about its very shape and size . The iPad Air 's 2048-by-1536 screen offers fewer pixels than the HDX , but it covers about 10 additional square inches . I often use a tablet with a keyboard for hours at a time , and the iPad 's larger display is easier on my eyes despite the lower pixel density .
Both the HDX and the iPad are too large to carry in a pocket . If you 're stuck carrying a bag , why not have a larger display ?
The HDX 's widescreen aspect ratio also makes it favor the landscape orientation . That 's fab when watching widescreen movies , less fab when reading a book . It feels a bit like reading a legal document ( though the effect is n't nearly as intense as it is on a Microsoft Surface tablet ) .
I 'm pleased that makers are putting more effort into high-quality on-device sound systems . The HDX features stereo speakers that are powerful and rich enough that for desk-side movie watching in a hotel room I did n't feel the need to break out my Bluetooth travel speakers .
Hardware
The greater amount of pixels has n't done anything to hurt the 8.9-inch HDX 's graphics performance . As with the 7-inch model , the lagginess and stuttering that were the signature faults of previous Fire tablets are nowhere to be seen here . This is due to a floor-to-ceiling rewrite of Fire OS 's graphics pipeline as well as the inherent power of its 2.2GHz quad-core Snapdradon 800 CPU . Overall , this is a peppy tablet and I never felt any hesitation .
There 's plenty of battery life for long sessions of gaming or streaming video .
Battery life is excellent , though something just south of what I 've come to expect from the iPad . I was able to run down a fully charged battery to 50 percent in a little less than five hours of aggressive use .
Wi-Fi speeds are also solid , performing just as well through my AirPort Extreme base station as the Air . Like the iPad , it features dual bands and MIMO .
The HDX gets a new rear-facing camera with flash that takes phone-quality , if unspectacular , 8-megapixel images . This to complement its legacy front-facing 720p HD chat camera .
Is it a real computer ?
You can probably guess from the intro to this review that my expectations of a full-size Android tablet as a for-real productivity device are n't high .
That said , the HDX is at least a credible working computer , thanks mostly to what it inherits as an Android 4.2-based device . While it 's still not the sort of device that a company would likely choose to buy for its employees , at least the HDX has new enterprise features ( VPN , Kerberos , ability to use mobile device management tools ) that allow an IT department to support it , after an expected amount of grumbling .
Polaris Office can ably edit Office files on the Kindle HDX , but you wo n't find as many tablet-size productivity apps in the Amazon Appstore as you 'll find for the iPad .
The HDX 's chief limitations as a productivity device are the same problems any Android tablet owner would encounter . I bought Polaris Office from the Amazon Appstore , and it 's a fine mobile edition of an Office-type app suite . It certainly served its intended purpose .
But Android has a lack of depth to its productivity catalogue , and when you ask that a productivity app be written to take advantage of the full potential of a full-size tablet , options are thin on the ground and your best salvation are Web-based apps .
That said , the built-in email client is strong enough to help me keep up with my inbox , and the HDX works well with my Bluetooth keyboard . Wireless printing is coming soon via a software update . Alas , the HDX ca n't connect to an external wired display , so it 's not a safe choice as a presentation device for travelers .
Let Kindle be Kindle
But the best features of the HDX are the ones that make it a Kindle . No other tablet—the iPad included—is so keenly tuned to the needs of content consumption .
The central feature of the Fire launcher is a “ history ” carousel of the videos , books , music , and apps you 've been using . The advantage of this approach immediately makes the iPad Springboard launcher look even more primitive . It takes you right to the thing you want and makes app management and organization mostly unnecessary .
And there 's so much content to experience . A $ 79 annual Amazon Prime membership delivers tens of thousands of videos and hundreds of thousands of books at no extra charge ; the HDX can even download Prime videos one at a time for offline viewing .
Lest all of those books and movies and games and comic books become a distraction to your kids , the HDX includes rich parental controls that allows you to set daily “ allowances ” for usage , by content type .
I loved the live-help Mayday feature in my 7-inch Kindle Fire HDX review , and I still use it with the 8.9-inch HDX .
I wrote in depth about the HDX 's new X-Ray for Video and Music and Mayday features in my review of the 7-inch HDX last month . The first set of features answers all of the questions you have about the media you 're enjoying ( “ What song is that in the background ? ” “ Who 's that actor ? ” ) as it plays ; the second offers live , on-device video technical support with real humans . I continue to use both of those features ; they 're the real deal and I wish I could use them on my iPad .
I think the HDX is the best tablet on the market for content consumption . The drawback ? You wo n't see those advantages unless you 're buying your digital content through Amazon . The same could be said of the iPad , which is geared toward iTunes purchases . But let 's not overlook the fact that “ controlling the whole widget ” is intensely profitable for both Amazon and Apple .
Buying advice
I still think the iPad is the default choice for anyone interested in a full-size tablet . It might not be the best fit for absolutely everybody . Nonetheless , the conversation always begins with the question : “ Well , why would n't this person be happiest with an iPad ? ”
The operative question for the HDX is : “ Do you regard productivity to be a key feature , or just a desirable bonus ? ” If you 're primarily motivated by content—and Apple 's terrific Genius Bar customer service holds no great allure—then the Fire HDX is a compelling choice . Perhaps even a superior option , if you use the money you save to buy an Amazon Prime membership and get all of that valuable no-extra-charge content .
The 8.9-inch HDX is available in capacities from 16GB to 64GB , with LTE ( via AT & T or Verizon ) or without , and with “ Special Offers ” ( lockscreen ads ) or without . I recommend getting at least 32GB of storage ( HD movies really sing on this device and they take up beaucoup space ) , as well as popping the extra $ 15 to get rid of the ads .
Amazon 's Origami Cover is a worthy purchase . It comes in polyurethane or leather ( shown here ) for $ 55 and $ 70 , respectively .
I 'm less bullish on the $ 100 LTE option . It 's hard to imagine using an iPad without mobile broadband . But given that the Fire HDX is better used as a passive reader , viewer , and player than as a day-long email and online browsing tool , the extra money is probably better applied toward the coffees and snacks you 'll enjoy at Wi-Fi-equipped coffeehouses .
Definitely pick up one of Amazon 's $ 55 Origami Covers , however . It completely encases and protects the Kindle and also magnetically folds into a stand with four different portrait and landscape easel configurations . ( A leather version is available for $ 70 if you 're fancy . )
Bottom line
With the Fire HDX , the Kindle acquires the first early pangs of an identity crisis . If it has the form of a full-size productivity device , should n't it try to be one ? Naw . It has its own identity and it has a valuable role to play .
Apple described the case of the iPhone 5c as not just “ plastic , ” but “ unapologetically plastic. ” Amazon should do the same with the Kindle . It 's unapologetically content-driven . They 've improved the screen and the sound and the OS features to make this the most pleasant device for enjoying other people 's creativity .
It 's definitely not the best full-size tablet for sweating through a full day of work . But it might be the best tablet for recovering from one .
This story , `` Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 review : Unapologetically content-driven '' was originally published by TechHive .
Betsy DeVos being sworn in by VP Mike Pence as the US Secretary of Education on February 7 , 2017 . Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
The very same day that Betsy DeVos was controversially confirmed as America 's Secretary of Education after a historic knife-edge vote in the Senate , a rather unusual bill was tabled to the House by a Republican lawmaker .
HR 899 , containing just one sentence , said : “ The Department of Education ( ED ) shall terminate on December 31 , 2018. ” The bill was introduced by libertarian Representative Thomas Massie of Kentucky , and it already has several GOP co-sponsors .
“ Neither Congress nor the President , through their appointees , has the constitutional authority to dictate how and what our children must learn , ” Massie noted in a statement . “ Unelected bureaucrats in Washington , D.C. should not be in charge of our children 's intellectual and moral development . ”
Regardless of the successful ascension of Trump 's pick , DeVos – a creationist and high-profile Republican donor with no experience administrating school and education policy – some Republicans in the House believe the post itself should not exist at all . They claim that it wields power recklessly , and removes the independence of local districts to determine what student learn .
-
The ED 's mission statement is “ to promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensuring equal access. ” It collects data on US schools , enforces federal educational laws , and denotes national policies on curriculum standards .
However , unlike most country 's educational systems , the federal government – including the ED – is not heavily involved in controlling the curricula of schools across the nation or even the specific educational standards of institutions . America 's education program is actually incredibly decentralized , with each individual state already wielding considerable power in this regard .
The idea that the ED is out of control is just simply not founded . In fact , even when it was criticized for being a bit too domineering during the days of the Bush-era No Child Left Behind Act – a flawed attempt at helping to improve failing schools – President Obama signed into law a huge rewrite of it that returned a lot of educational control over to states and local districts .
More than a century after dispossession by colonial occupiers , 118,000 hectares of ‘ breathtaking ' land returned to traditional owners
The Wuthathi people have regained legal ownership of their north Queensland homeland , the site of historic battles involving conservationists and pro-development governments , more than a century after their dispossession by colonial occupiers .
The traditional owners accepted the title deeds for 118,000 hectares of Cape York land , including the white sands of Shelburne Bay , from the Queensland treasurer , Curtis Pitt , at a ceremony in Lockhart River on Thursday .
The landmark handover followed 20 years of negotiation with the Queensland government and decades more of fighting plans to exploit the region for cattle grazing and sand mining .
The Wuthathi 's resistance to that exploitation – which included a plan backed by the Bjelke-Petersen government to mine the unspoiled Shelburne dunes for sand to export to Japan – saw them campaign alongside environmental groups such as the Australian Conservation Foundation ( ACF ) and the Wilderness Society .
Righting a wrong : huge land handover to traditional Cape York owners Read more
The Wuthathi will give over about a third of the land for new national parks they will run with the state , hoping for jobs and economic benefits through tourism and conservation management .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Traditional owners described the handover of 118,000 hectares of Cape York land as a day of ‘ great happiness ' that raised hopes ‘ the young ones get jobs on country ' . Photograph : Kerry Trapnell
Johnson Chippendale , chairperson of the Wuthathi Aboriginal Corporation , said the circle was now “ fully complete ” after their ancestors were removed from their country four generations ago . “ Our people were some of the best conservationists in the world , ” they said .
“ We have eight seasons in one year . Our people had the knowledge to hunt and gather from different areas , and they knew exactly what time and what place we should be going to collect . ”
Traditional owner Phil Wallis said Wuthathi country , with its sandy white dunes , rainforests , wetlands and lakes no longer found elsewhere in Australia , was “ a magical place ” .
“ This country is unspoiled , untouched , there 's a lot of sacred sites and story places that the younger generation needs to learn and carry on those practices – whether it be gathering food , medicine , teaching those kids about the story places and why they are important to us , and managing the area as a whole , ” they said .
Jean Mosby , another traditional owner , said the long-awaited handover day was one of “ great happiness ” that raised hopes “ the young ones get jobs on country ” .
Alison Peggy Bender-Warren said that on first seeing the white sandy dunes of their ancestral homeland from a plane this year , “ I thought it was snow , but it was all sand ” . “ It 's so white , it 's beautiful . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘ I thought it was snow , but it was all sand ' : Wuthathi traditional owners have agreed to make a third of the land returned to them protected national park . Photograph : Kerry Trapnell
Pitt said a “ breathtaking landscape ” had been “ returned to its rightful owners ” . “ This is a defining moment in Queensland 's history , culture and conservation — there are few other places like this in Australia , ” they said .
“ A chapter is closing and another opening for these traditional owners to explore economic and sustainable enterprise with confidence , whether it be passing on knowledge to their people or sharing their culture with the world . ”
ACF northern Australia project officer Andrew Picone said the new Wuthathi national park at Shelburne Bay made up the last undisturbed landscape of its type in Australia and was “ of international significance ” .
“ The return of land to the Wuthathi people is the best way to protect this area 's natural and cultural heritage , ” Picone said .
They said ACF , which first proposed a national park at Shelburne Bay in 1976 , “ congratulates the Wuthathi people on this historic day that sees the return of their homelands and thanks them for the creation of Australia 's newest national park ” .
Lyndon Schneiders , national director of the Wilderness Society , said it had been “ an honour ” to work with the Wuthathi , “ a determined people who have fought long and hard to protect and get back their ancestral lands ” .
This especially included “ helping to protect the spectacular snow-white sand dunes from repeated attempts by government and business to sand mine them ” .
Much of the Shelburne Bay region was turned into cattle properties in the early 1960s , in what Shneiders said was “ an ill-considered decision by the Queensland government to open up north-eastern Cape York as a beef-producing region ” .
Scheiders said the mid-1980s saw the Bjelke-Petersen government back “ another stupid proposal ” by issuing sand-mining leases to a consortium including Japanese importers . But this was scotched by the Hawke federal government using its foreign investment powers after a national campaign by the Wuthathi in alliance with conservation groups .
'Justice is delivered ' : Yarralin handed back to traditional owners after 40-year battle Read more
The Wuthathi succeeded in their native title land claim last year , 18 years after first lodging their application .
Their land is home to more than 30 rare and threatened species , including the southern cassowary and the palm cockatoo .
The Queensland government has a policy of trying to secure half of all land handed back to traditional owners for national park but agreed to a third in the case of the Wuthathi .
The traditional owners had raised concerns about some of the impacts from the scale of tourism and visitation and wanted to ensure independence from government agencies .
With three national parks created by the Wuthathi , there are now a total of 26 Aboriginal-owned and jointly-managed national parks over more than 2m hectares in Cape York .
The Wuthathi Aboriginal Corporation are looking to begin talks with possible partners in tourism , social programs and environmental management .
They will need investment in basic infrastructure to support land and sea management and research , and temporary accommodation .
On Thursday , George W. Bush made a highly-praised speech about Donald Trump without actually naming Donald Trump . Chicago Now pointed out the most important quote from that speech .
“ Bigotry seems emboldened . Our politics seems more vulnerable to conspiracy theories and outright fabrication . ”
Many on the left complimented George W. Bush , and even said how they like them now that we have Donald Trump as our president . But people have a very short memory . If you were a part of the LGBT community in 2004 , you might remember that George W. Bush was against gay marriage . In context , accusing anybody of bigotry for that in 2004 was out of place . After all , Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , and many other prominent liberals also did n't support gay marriage .
However , Bush wanted to outlaw gay marriage with a constitutional amendment .
“ On a matter of such importance , the voice of the people must be heard . Activist courts have left the people with one recourse . If we are to prevent the meaning of marriage from being changed forever , our nation must enact a constitutional amendment to protect marriage in America , ” Bush said in a speech that is listed at The White House website .
Carl Rove was the architect behind W 's failed anti-gay marriage constitutional amendment . [ Image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images ]
Bush added that they believe we should conduct this difficult debate in a manner worthy of our country , without bitterness or anger . But Bush 's followers certainly did n't pay attention to their idol 's words . This author personally witnessed a march by the Saddleback Church in Orange County right after Bush 's speech , where many members were screaming , “ Die Faggot , Die ” and “ God created Adam and Eve , not Adam and Steve . ”
George W. Bush knew exactly what they were doing . They knew their words would cause more hatred towards the LGBT community . They were also trying to cover up for what many people think should be considered war crimes . The Iraq War was started under the impression that Saddam Hussein , Iraq 's leader , had weapons of mass destruction that were ready to be used at any time . Of course , that ended up being a complete lie . And thousands of Americans died in a fake war that many considered more about oil than anything else .
When Bush pointed out Thursday that our politics seem more vulnerable to conspiracy theories and outright fabrication , red lights went up on some internet sites . Vice , in particular , pointed out that not only was Bush 's war a result of fabrication , but it did n't achieve its goals . As a result , ISIS , which is still very powerful , was created . There have been some people on both the left and right who have called Bush out on Twitter for their hypocrisy .
null
null
Still , the campaign to turn George W. Bush from American 's most hated human into a hero is in full force . History will not justify Bush , so the media 's suspicious campaign to repaint them as a great family man and misunderstood saint wo n't help in the long run .
[ Featured Image by Rick Kern/Getty Images ]
Windows only : WinX DVD Author is a shareware application that converts and burns most popular video formats directly to DVD , and it 's available for free during the month of October .
Advertisement
Specifically , WinX DVD Author supports loads of video formats from the common to the more obscure , including AVI , ASF , WMV , MPEG , MP4 , MOV , RM , RMVB , XviD , DivX , H.264 , OGG , QT , FLV , and more . The app supports customizing your own DVD title and chapter menus with background images , music , title text , and more , supports trimming videos , and can burn to both 16:9 HD widescreen or 4:3 standard def .
We 've already featured a couple of different tools that will allow you to burn nearly any video file to a playable DVD , but WinX DVD Author seems like a great tool to add to that list .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , the same company 's DVD Ripping application , WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is also free this month ( normally $ 25 ) . Like DVD Author , Ripper supports tons of supported source DVDs and outputs to quite a few formats .
WinX DVD Author would normally set you back $ 30 , Ripper $ 25 , but both are free downloads during October , Windows only . ( They even support Windows 7 32- and 64-bit ) .
Advertisement
WinX DVD Author [ via gHacks ]
WinX DVD Ripper Platinum
Jijar Singh ( pic ) , 71 , and family feel relieved that their son , Jijar Singh Sandhu , is coming home at last . ― Malay Mail pic
GEORGE TOWN , Sept 2 — Home , finally . This is the sentiment expressed by the family of Malaysia Airlines flight attendant Sanjid Singh Sadhu , who was among those killed in the MH17 tragedy .
“ My family feels relieved that at last our son is coming home , ” Sanjid 's father , Jijar Singh Sandhu , said yesterday .
The remains of Sanjid and eight other victims will return to KL International Airport at about 8.30am today .
Jijar said the family would bring their son 's ashes back to their house in Taman Selamat , in Alma on the mainland , for relatives , friends and the public to pay their last respects .
A priest from the Sikh temple will lead a 15-minute prayer session at 8.30am tomorrow after which , the family will head for the island where the ashes will be scattered at sea .
The others whose remains will return today are pilots Capt Wan Amran Wan Hussin and Capt Eugene Choo Jin Leong , first officer Muhd Firdaus Abdul Rahim and passengers Subashni J. Retnam , Kaelamayajay Goes and Loh Yan Hwa .
The remains of two Dutch nationals , Paul Goes and Fan Shun Po , are also arriving on the commercial flight from Amsterdam .
A ceremony will be held at the Bunga Raya Complex of KLIA to honour the victims upon the arrival of the remains .
Family members of Loh and Fan will be at the Penang International Airport in Bayan Lepas ​to receive their remains .
Loh , 54 , better known as Jenny , and Fan , known as Popo Fan , ran two restaurants in Rotterdam and were travelling with Loh 's mother , Tan Siew Poh , 65 .
Sanjid Singh Sandhu ( left ) , 41 , and their wife Tan Bee Jeok , 43 . ― Malay Mail pic
A member of the Penang Buddhist Tsu Zhi Merit Society , who wished to be known only as Khoo , said a group from the society would be present at the airport to assist the family members and offer prayers .
“ The family members have expressed their intention to be left alone by the media . We have been with them all this while to give them strength at such a trying period , ” Khoo said .
According to Bernama , Defence Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein said the remains would be in five caskets and four urns .
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak and their wife , Datin Seri Rosmah Mansor , Cabinet members and the next-of-kin and relatives of the victims will attend the ceremony , they told a media conference .
“ So far , we have succeeded in repatriating the remains of 24 Malaysian victims , including 12 Muslims , ” they said .
The victims comprised 14 passengers and 10 crew members .
With the remains of seven more Malaysian victims to be repatriated today , a total of 31 Malaysian victims have been identified .
Women , Family and Community Development Minister Datuk Seri Rohani Abdul Karim said preparations for the funerals , as requested by the next-of-kin of the victims , had been made .
They said the remains of Sanjid would be taken to their house in Jalan Klang Lama before they are flown by helicopter from the Royal Malaysian Air Force base in Sungai Besi to Bukit Mertajam .
Daniel Dewitt was in high school when they started becoming reclusive and depressed . Their mother Candy became concerned that something was n't right , recalled Janice Wilkes , a friend of the Dewitt family .
They had their first `` break '' and was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia at 18 . Since , Dewitt has been in and out of mental health facilities at least nine times and charged with harassment and battery . On Feb. 18 , while searching for their imaginary girlfriend .
But before their first schizophrenic episode and subsequent deterioration into an almost perpetual state of delusion , Daniel Dewitt was a regular kid , according to friends and acquaintances . Those who spoke to Patch said they were shocked at the news of Dewitt 's alleged involvement in the death of 67-year-old Peter Cukor , and that they had never been a violent person .
Jose Diaz has known Dewitt since second grade , attending the same schools and remaining close friends after high school . According to Diaz , Dewitt was an apt sportsman , but their real passion lay in digital music production .
`` He especially liked making music , '' said Diaz , speaking of a hobby that centered around Dewitt 's home studio set-up on their computer . According to family friends , Dewitt aspired to be a music producer and took classes to learn the skills and trade .
Even after Dewitt 's delusional behavior began , Diaz was able to maintain a relationship with their friend and still do things like go out to eat and socialize , they say . `` He 'd be a cool person to hang out with , '' said Diaz . When Dewitt started talking about their imaginary girlfriend Zoey , Diaz would `` go along with it . ''
`` As a friend , the only thing I can do is hear them out , '' said Diaz . `` I ca n't judge them or get mad at him . ''
In recent years , however , Dewitt 's `` ideas started changing , '' recalls Diaz . As a young adult , Dewitt wanted to spend more time alone , and lost interest in their former hobbies .
`` He was n't the same person any more , '' said Diaz . `` He did n't have the same enthusiasm . They just started changing little by little . ''
But despite the more reclusive , distanced behavior , Diaz says Dewitt never seemed a threat . `` Daniel was never like that — they were never violent , '' said Diaz . `` He was a real caring guy . They were shy at times , so it was hard for them to show it . ''
Alice Lewis , whose daughter was in the same class as Daniel at St. Joseph 's Elementary School in Alameda , remembers Dewitt as `` sweet and cooperative '' child . They say :
I was shocked when I read about the assault in the Chronicle , and heartbroken for both their parents and the family of the victim . It 's so easy to think of `` bad guys '' are one dimensional . Most of the time , fortunately , we have no connection to either the victim or the criminal . It 's much , much harder when you read a story like this , see a grainy photo of an alleged assailant on the news or in the paper , and all you can think of is a little boy in a Catholic school uniform working on an art project or eating a cupcake .
Janice Wilkes has been a friend of the Dewitt family since before they had children . They say of Daniel :
They were shy , sweet , always played well with others and had no problems . They were just the nicest kid . They were one of the shy ones , but they always participated and followed all the rules . Easy to care for . Loved sports and music .
Anna Carlson went to Alameda Hgh School with Dewitt :
I remember them as a nice , shy guy . I never knew they suffered from mental illness . I am surprised and saddened to hear of what has happened and at Daniel 's involvement .
If you know Daniel DeWitt or their family , feel free to share your memories in the comments below .
Although July has n't been as bad as June in terms of attacks and breaches , it 's still been a very bad month . For the second month running we have seen a business fold due to a data leak , and this one was n't caused by an attacker .
Data Breaches
Massive Paddy Power hack : nearly 650,000 customers ' records stolen
HotelHippo.com Closes after Data Leak
CNET Hacked , One Million Users ' Data Stolen
eBay has suffered a security breach for the second time this year
Information Commissioner 's Office Suffers Data Security Breach
Hacker claims breach of Wall Street Journal and Vice websites , punts ‘ user data ' for sale
Former Thomas Cook subsidiary fined £150,000 over internet security breach
Penn State College of Medicine breach risks alumni Social Security numbers
Attacker accesses the systems of Onsite Health Diagnostics , 1700 affected
Payment Information
Thousands notified of six-month payment card breach at The Houstonian Hotel
Card Breach at Goodwill Industries
Australian daily deals site discloses data breach after three years
$ 3.75 Billion Brazilian Boleto Malware Attack
DDOS Attacks
DDOS takes down Cirrus Communications
Attackers install DDoS bots on Amazon cloud , exploiting Elasticsearch weakness
Norway banks hit in largest-ever DDoS attack , Anonymous ‘ takes credit '
Zanox suffer DDoS attack
Other attacks , breaches and mistakes
Chinese cyberattack forces computer shutdown at Canada 's National Research Council
Israeli TV hijacked by Hamas hackers
Energy Firms Hacked by Cyber Espionage Group ‘ Dragonfly '
Document posted to California city website , employee data accessed
Want to win an IT Governance training course ? Details here – IT Governance competition
Imagine , if you will , that you 're a teacher at Crawford Long Middle School in Atlanta , Ga. And with career day rapidly approaching , you start scrambling . `` Who should we invite being the guest of honor ? '' you ask your fellow employees and , shortly thereafter , your superiors .
Somehow , everyone agrees on one person : Gucci Mane . That 's right , the self-described Trap God was invited to Crawford to sit in and speak during career day , which just so happens to be going on today .
How do we know this ? The person working their social media accounts has posted two greater-than-words photos of Mr. BRR ! themselves in the classroom . We can imagine that the topics of discussion include the art of bussin ' juugs , making the trap say `` Aye ! `` , perfecting trap talk , and having a mouth full of gold .
Above , you can see Gucci speaking to the children in the language arts program while below , he 's clearly in deep thought about whatever the hell it is they 're talking about . Is anyone serving lemonade ?
RELATED : Gucci Mane Breaks Down 19 of Their Most Essential Projects
LIKE COMPLEX MUSIC ON FACEBOOK
Following the termination of general manager Martin Mayhew and president Tom Lewand , Detroit Lions owner Martha Firestone Ford announced the organization would immediately embark on a national search to determine the best leadership to manage the team going forward .
Ford did n't provide additional details , and did n't take any questions from the media . But the NFL offers a wealth of vetted research on potential candidates if the Lions are interested .
In 2011 , the league founded its Career Development Advisory Panel to determine the best up-and-coming candidates the NFL has to offer . The panel consists of a venerable 'who 's who ' of former coaches and decision-makers -- Ernie Accorsi , Bill Polian , Charlie Casserly , John Madden , Tony Dungy , Dennis Green , Ron Wolf , Carl Peterson and newcomers Mike Holmgren and James `` Shack '' Harris .
The group meets every four weeks during the regular season , consistently updating a book of candidates imminently prepared to assume coaching and front office positions .
The NFL keeps that information private , including the number of candidates the panel has identified . But ESPN reported several names on the GM list in January . Included were Cleveland Browns vice president of player personnel Morrocco Brown , Washington Redskins vice president of football administrator Eric Shaffer , Baltimore Ravens assistant general manager Eric DeCosta , Houston Texans director of college scouting Mike Maccagnan and Kansas City Chiefs ' director of pro personnel Chris Ballard .
Additionally , the NFL hires independent consultants to conduct mock interviews with the potential candidates during the NFL scouting combine . Those interviews are filmed and all the data and videos are made available to every team upon request .
It 's been commonplace for nearly every franchise conducting a search to request the panel 's data , even if it 's just to validate their private search results . An NFL spokesperson declined comment on whether the Lions have requested the information .
Additionally , based on Ford 's comments , it is expected the Lions will hire a national search firm to aid in the search , although a team spokesperson was unable to confirm .
There are a number of firms who specialize in headhunting for NFL coaches and executives , including Korn/Ferry International , which recently handled searches for the Atlanta Falcons and New York Jets .
The NFL also maintains a list of qualified firms , available upon request , and will even help facilitate an initial meeting between the two parties . Again , a league spokesperson declined comment on whether the Lions have requested their assistance selecting a search firm .
While Detroit 's search process is still shrouded in mystery as ownership rejects media requests , it 's clear there are a number of league-provided resources at the team 's disposal .
With the regular season not concluding until early January , the Lions realistically have two full months to perform their due diligence in finding the franchise 's next leaders .
-- Download the Detroit Lions MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Justin Rogers on Twitter
-- Follow MLive Sports on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram
Seven people were stabbed when members of a “ neo-Nazi ” extremist group clashed with counterprotesters during a rally outside the California state Capitol Sunday , authorities said .
Sacramento Fire Department spokesperson Chris Harvey said that at least two people had critical injuries .
“ There was a large number of people carrying sticks and rushing to either get into the melee or see what was going on , ” Harvey said .
Members of the Traditionalist Worker Party — a self-identified white nationalist group — were getting set to rally on the west steps of the Capitol building at around noon local time when they were met by a large group of anti-fascists .
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
The TWP said on its Web site that the rally was a “ protest against globalization and in defense of the right to free expression . ”
Members of the group were greatly outnumbered by the counterprotesters , who held up signs that read “ Nazi scum , ” according to social-media photos .
TWP Chairman Matthew Heimbach said that their group organized the rally along with a group called Golden State Skinheads , and blamed the violence on “ leftist radicals , ” according to the LA Times . They added that one of their group 's members had been stabbed in the neck , but that the others injured were with the counterprotestors .
WARNING : Graphic content
Sean Moore , 23 , of Sacramento waits for medics with a friend after being stabbed by protesters at the State Capitol in Sacramento , Calif. Renee C. Byer/The Sacramento Bee via AP Paramedics rush a stabbing victim away on a gurney . AP An injured anti-fascist protester lies on the ground with fellow demonstrators . AP An `` anti-fascist '' protester confronts a man . Reuters Anti-fascist counter-protestors parade through Sacramento after multiple people were stabbed during a clash between neo-Nazis holding a permitted rally and counter-protestors on Sunday at the state capitol in Sacramento , California . Reuters Sacramento Police officers gather after multiple people were stabbed during a clash between neo-Nazis holding a permitted rally and counter-protesters . Reuters Sacramento Police officers follow counter-protestors after multiple people were stabbed . Reuters Bloody bandages and police tape lay on the lawn of the California State Capitol . Reuters Ad Up Next Close Braves send punchless Mets staggering into brutal stretch ATLANTA — The tune-up is over , so now the Mets ... 8 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Advertisement
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
With Wires
For years , we had been waiting for Bubba Starling to break out . The fifth overall selection of the 2011 MLB Amateur Draft , Starling was a raw player with the potential to be a five tool outfielder . At only 18 years of age when they were drafted out of Gardner-Edgerton High School , we all knew it would take some time before Starling would appear with the Kansas City Royals .
Despite being considered one of the top prospects in baseball during their first two seasons , Starling struggled . Yet , the Royals kept moving them up the ranks , until they truly bottomed out last season , producing a .218/.304/.338 batting line , striking out 150 times in 549 at bats . The power that had flashed at times was slowly disappearing , as Starling hit only nine home runs . Yes , it was only three years into their minor league career , but the bust label was already starting to get bandied about .
Naturally , the 2015 season was expected to be crucial for determining Bubba Starling 's future . Repeating a level for the first time , as they opened the season with the Wilmington Blue Rocks once more . This time , Starling set the Carolina League ablaze , producing a .386/.471/.614 batting line with two home runs and two steals in 51 plate appearances . That production was enough for Starling to receive their first promotion to the proving grounds of AA and the Northwest Arkansas Naturals .
Starling struggled in their initial taste of the Texas League , hitting at a mere .176/.263/.235 rate with one extra base hit in their first 19 plate appearances . Obviously , that small of a sample size did not much , but it was still worth keeping an eye on . Since then , Starling has begun to pick up their production , turning in a .255/.356/.490 batting line with three home runs and three doubles overall for the Naturals .
Maybe the batting average is a bit low for what one would hope for , but there have been a few positive signs for the Kansas City Royals former top prospect . They are hitting the ball well , with a 25.6 % line drive rate . Starling is also solid eye for the strike zone , walking in 11.9 % of their plate appearances , 2.2 % higher than league average . Those troublesome strikeouts have decreased , as Starling is striking out at a league average 20.3 % rate , the lowest mark of their career thus far .
Even that low .255 batting average is somewhat misleading . In their 59 plate appearances , Starling has a mere .278 batting average on balls in play , far below the .313 batting average on balls in play . Should that line drive rate stay consistent , Starling 's batting line should improve , making them look more like the player that Northwest Arkansas actually has .
After possibly being on the verge of being considered a bust , Bubba Starling has started to look like the prospect the Kansas City Royals expected . It could be that we are finally seeing Starling flip that switch .
Animations on a desktop PC , smartphone , or tablet are nice — the first few times . Eventually , you just wish they would hurry up and stop wasting your time .
Disabling ( or just reducing ) animations can speed up almost any interface . Sure , the animations are pretty fast already , but waiting for them over and over each day can start to feel silly .
Windows
The Windows desktop has long offered convenient options for disabling animations . These settings work across every version of Windows , from Windows XP to Windows 7 all the way up to Windows 8 and the Windows 10 Technical Preview .
To access the animation options , open the Control Panel , click System & Security , and click System . Click the “ Advanced system settings ” option in the sidebar . Click Settings under Performance and use the checkboxes here to control which animations Window displays . Choosing “ Adjust for best performance ” is a quick way to disable all of them .
On a modern Windows system , these animations wo n't really hurt your performance much — but they will make the system seem faster as menus snap into view and windows minimize and restore instantly . These options allow you to eliminate Windows 8 's Start screen animations , too .
Android
RELATED : How to Speed Up Animations to Make Android Feel Faster
Android 's hidden Developer Options menu allows you to dramatically accelerate the animations or disable them completely . We 've covered this before , and the process is basically the same on both Android 4.x and Android 5.0 .
First , you 'll need to enable the Developer Options menu . Open the Settings app , scroll down to the bottom , and tap About phone or About tablet . Locate the “ Build number ” field and tap it seven times . You 'll see a notification saying you 're now a developer .
Tap the back button and tap the Developer options item that 's now appeared near the bottom of the Settings menu . Activate the Developer options slider , scroll down , and modify the “ Window animation scale , ” “ Transition animation scale , ” and “ Animator duration scale ” options . You can select “ Animation off ” to disable them or “ Animation scale .5x ” to make them twice as fast as normal .
iPhone & iPad
Apple fielded a lot of user complaints for the speed of animations in iOS 7 . They 've sped them up since then , but there 's still a way to reduce the interface 's animations .
To do so , open the Settings app , tap General , and tap Accessibility . Tap the Reduce Motion option and activate the switch . This wo n't eliminate the animations entirely , but it replaces the motion animations with a fade that feels cleaner — and maybe faster .
Mac OS X
The slowest animations on a Mac are the window minimize and restore animations . They can be controlled from the Dock 's preferences pane . To access it , click the Apple menu , select System Preferences , and click Dock .
There 's no option to disable this animation entirely , but you can choose the “ Scale ” animation instead of the default “ Genie ” animation . Scale feels a bit faster and less distracting than Genie , so you 'll have a faster experience the next time you minimize and restore an application .
Unfortunately , there are n't yet many other options for disabling animations as of OS X Yosemite . There is an option for disabling the bounce animation when applications launch in the Dock pane , though . Hopefully Apple will add more options for controlling the various animations .
Linux
RELATED : How to Enable and Tweak Ubuntu 's Flashy Graphical Effects
Your Linux desktop environment probably has its own options for controlling its various desktop animations , too . You 'll usually find options for controlling animations that appear when windows open , close , minimize , or are restored .
On Ubuntu 's default Unity desktop , these options are a bit hard to get to . You 'll have to install the CompizConfig Settings Manager and use it to tweak the hidden graphical settings you 're normally not supposed to modify . From here , you can speed up or eliminate these animations by disabling them or changing their duration . Be careful when using this tool , as it 's rather complicated and is n't intended for typical desktop users !
Practically every graphical interface offers some option to reduce animations . Some operating systems offer more complete options than others — the Windows desktop and Android are particularly configurable — but every operating system offers some . Across every graphical interface , eliminating , reducing , or just speeding up animations will make your interface feel faster . This is another tip that will probably serve you well on whatever interface you 're using ten years from now .
When Microsoft added new , extremely slow animations to the Windows 10 Technical Preview , some people asked Microsoft for an option to disable them . Others just went straight to the Performance settings dialog in Windows and disabled them on their own using standard options that have existed in Windows for a long time .
Watching from afar how the environmental debate plays out in the US can be perplexing for many onlookers . Arguably , nowhere is the so-called `` culture war '' between left and right so heavily fought .
What is often not fully absorbed by onlookers , though , is the underlying role that religious doctrine – or `` pulpit power '' - plays in the environmental debate in the US . On the one hand , you have the `` Creation Care '' movement which is prevalent in some quarters of the Christian Church . On the other , particularly among evangelicals , you often see a vitriolic reaction aimed towards environmentalism .
Just last month , a survey of 1,000 Protestant pastors found that 41 % strongly disagreed with the statement : `` I believe global warming is real and manmade . '' The survey also found that 52 % of the pastors address the issue of the environment with their churches once a year or less , with evangelical pastors speaking less often on the environment than mainline pastors .
When , in 2007 , I interviewed the Bishop of London in the midst of their `` fast '' from flying , I asked them about this issue . They were scornful of evangelicals who `` justify and sanctify irresponsible , anti-social behaviour '' though a very literal interpretation of the Old Testament 's `` mythological language '' .
Much of this debate seems to centre on the interpretation of one of the most contentious verses in the Bible – the so-called Dominion Mandate , or Genesis 1:28 :
And God blessed them [ Adam and Eve ] , and God said unto them , be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the Earth , and subdue it : and have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over every living thing that moveth upon the Earth .
An organisation in the US called the Cornwall Alliance has intentionally and prominently positioned itself at the very heart of this debate . It describes itself as `` a coalition of clergy , theologians , religious leaders , scientists , academics , and policy experts committed to bringing a balanced Biblical view of flight attendantship to the critical issues of environment and development '' . Its board of advisors features many religious leaders and thinkers , but includes scientists such as the climate sceptic Dr Roy Spencer . Dr. E. Calvin Beisner , its spokesperson , is a prominent media figure in the US , appearing on shows such as Fox News ' Glenn Beck , where they dispense their harsh criticism of environmentalism .
To better understand this mindset , I recently approached Beisner with an interview request . They agreed , but said that they wanted me to first read the Cornwall Alliance 's latest book called Resisting the Green Dragon : Dominion not Death . Written by James Wanliss , who describes themselves as a `` Christian physicist '' , the book is built on the premise that `` without doubt one of the greatest threats to society and the church today is the multifaceted environmentalist movement '' . It 's hard to summarise any book in a few sentences , but here are a few snippets to give a flavour of the book 's tone :
The Litany of the Green Dragon provides some certainty for people without God , who drift steadily from their rational moorings , and for whom there is an increasing sense of separation anxiety ... We humans are special creatures , in a class of our own , quite separate from , and superior to , trees and animals ... The Green Dragon must die… [ There ] is no excuse to become befuddled by the noxious Green odors and doctrines emanating from the foul beast ... This slimy jade road…is paved with all kinds of perverted and destructive behaviours , leads to death itself , and finally , to the pains of hell forever…No Hollywood celebrity bunnies draped over its foul form can deny its native evil ... It is no coincidence the rise of environmentalism as a significant political entity tracks the rising political clout of modern feminism ... Savage wolves have come to be among the church…No one can serve two masters ... The first few chapters in the Book of Genesis are an infinite mine to plumb for riches . All the world has no wisdom that is greater ... So-called `` natural '' or wilderness areas are not hospitable to man , and God does not consider this a good or natural state ... The fruits of the Green Dragon are not good , but evil…Humans are urged to surrender as many liberites as judged fit to save the world , which is pretty much all liberty that makes life worth living ... Christians must resist Green overtures to recast true religion , nor allow themselves to be prey for teachers of pagan heresies ...
So having read the book – and watched some of the lectures on the accompanying DVD set – I began by asking Beisner why the Cornwall Alliance chooses to attack environmentalism with the kind of harsh , strong language – `` foul beasts '' , `` native evil '' etc - expressed in the book :
We look at the environmental movement as a whole and particularly at the kinds of positions espoused by the top leadership of the largest environmental NGOs around the world . What I would say is that those definitely tend to be un-Christian in their world view – either secular and atheistic on the one hand , or spiritual , but not Christianly spiritual , and pantheistic on the other hand . There is a clear rejection of Biblical teaching that humanity should have dominion . And sin tends to get defined by environmentalism as our use , or abuse , of the Earth far more than in terms of our violation of the revealed laws of God in , say , the Ten Commandments . The solution to human problems tends to be `` do n't touch this , do n't handle that '' , which is precisely the kind of thing that the Apostle Paul warned , rather than pointing to the gospel of redemption through the atoning death of Christ of the Cross . Environmentalism , as a movement , is an alternative world view and a substitute for Christianity .
My principal concern about environmentalism is a religious , logical , ethical concern . My secondary concern is that its science and economics are often flawed in ways that would point us towards policies that are especially destructive and harmful to the world 's poor and , secondarily , everyone else .
I then asked Beisner why , in their view , the Dominion Mandate appears to take precedence over all else :
There are two reasons . One positive and the other negative and apologetic . The positive reason is simply the placement of that sentence in the overall text of scripture . Genesis 1:28 comes at the climax of the first chapter where we read of God creating the Heaven and the Earth , light and darkness , sea creatures , land creatures , and , finally , humanity made in Their own image . And then They give humanity this mission , this stipulation , as to its purpose on Earth . Its placement there makes it , hermeneutically , a very important verse for our understanding of the role of Mankind from the beginning of scripture . And you see that point being picked up again and again at various points in scripture .
But I also mentioned a negative reason . Lynn White 's 1967 article , The Historical Roots of Our Ecological Crisis , is probably one of the half dozen most important articles for laying the foundations of the modern environmental movement . It has been cited thousands of times . The thesis of the article is , because of Genesis 1:28 claiming that God instructed Man to subdue and rule the Earth , Judeo-Christian religion , and , in fact , all Abrahamic religion , has promoted an exploitative , no-responsible attitude of humanity towards the Earth and its resources ; that we can use it any way we please without regard to the harm to fellow Man and other living creatures . White argued in that article that we would deliver the Earth from ravaging exploitation only by means of a thorough repudiation of that heritage . That has made dominion a major issue in environmental theorising .
What I find ironic is that White did n't present any proof that any Christian or Jewish scholar ever interpreted it in that way . So part of the task of Biblical theologians applying scriptural teaching to environmental flight attendantship issues is to correct White 's misrepresentation of the Christian Church and the verse , and to point out that coming as it does , where it does , in Genesis , we need to learn from God 's own example what dominion and rule entails . Man 's dominion over the Earth should reflect God 's dominion over the Earth so as to glorify God and to give benefit to our fellow human beings and , indeed , all the rest of life on Earth . As God went through creation week , They created abundance , beauty and flourishing life . That 's the kind of thing humanity ought to be doing .
Throughout the book , the concept of `` growth '' is always spoken of in positive terms . I asked Beisner whether everything can just `` keep growing '' , say , human population , without any form of restriction ?
That straight away is terribly anachronistic as population shrinkage is going to be the next big challenge and begin around 2050 . In and of itself , the total size of population is irrelevant ethically . You are certainly going to face challenges from either a growing or shrinking population . Where environmentalists start off as fundamentally mistaken is their vision of human beings . They see human beings as , primarily , consumers and polluters . Whereas the Bible teaches that humans , who are made in God 's image , are producers and flight attendants . Obviously , it 's not automatic . There needs to be education and moral commitment , and those things are furthered in my understanding through people being reconciled to God through the atoning work of Christ on the Cross and their faith in Him . As the late Julian Simon used to put it : `` Every mouth that is born into this world is accompanied by two hands and , far more importantly , a mind . '' Those two hands and a mind are capable of producing far more than that mouth can consume . That 's why , over the past several hundred years , each generation has also been wealthier on a per capita basis . We produce more wealth than we can consume . And that 's a good thing .
I put it to Beisner that the book uses disparaging , negative terms when speaking of socialism , Obama , Democrats etc . Only Adam has more citations in the book 's index than Al Gore , who has more than Satan . I asked them whether they align themselves more along Republican lines , either politically or ideologically :
I 'm pretty disgusted with all political parties . They 're all gutless , pandering to people 's desires to have the state meet their needs rather than through their own efforts . That would apply equally to big businesses rent-seeking and lobbying , trying to get governments to give them a competitive advantage over competitors , as it would to those people who want government handouts of , say , housing or food support . From my Christian understanding – and I understand that I have brothers and sisters of Christ who do n't share my views – God ordained the state , which by its nature is a monopoly of legalised force , to enforce justice . And justice means rendering impartially to everyone their due , according to the righteous standard of God 's moral law . They did not ordain the state to dispense grace . That 's the role of the Church . When the state starts trying to dispense grace it necessarily transgresses the bounds of justice and winds up doing more harm than good . This is the very beginnings of my theological foundation of my reasoning in support of a much more free-market approach to economics , as opposed to a governmentally managed , centrally planned , neurotically arranged market .
We concluded the interview by talking about the Cornwall Alliance 's source of funding and support . It is often accused of being a front group for fossil-fuel interests . A report by The Wonk Room examined these claims more closely last year . It noted that the Cornwall Alliance has close personal connections to a right-leaning `` public policy organisation '' called Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow ( CFACT ) , which has received funding from oil companies in the past . ( Beisner is on CFACT 's board of advisors . ) CFACT is probably best known now for promoting and funding the climate sceptic Marc Morano and their noisy website ClimateDepot ( of which I have written about before ) . In one of Beisner 's lectures on the DVD set , Morano can be seen listening attentively in the audience . So I asked Beisner to put it on the record , once and for all , how the Cornwall Alliance is funded :
When I visited California earlier this month , Tom Blees and I paid a visit to Prof Per Peterson and Prof Jasmina Vujic at the Nuclear Engineering Department of UC Berkeley . After chatting over lunch , Per took us on a personal tour of their lab , which was quite an experience . Per 's research focuses on development of a high-temperature reactor with an incredibly high power density . Why ? In short , it 's about the money . Per 's argument — and a quite persasive one — is that if the costs of advanced reactors can be brought way down , below that of pressurised and boiling water reactors ( PWRs and BWRs ) , then their scaled-up deployment is highly likely . The following post owes a lot to Per 's insights on this critical issue .
Currently , one the most frequently cited criticism of nuclear energy , especially with reference to Europe or North America , involves economics . High construction costs for Advanced Light Water Reactors ( ALWRs ) have emerged as the number one issue limiting near-term deployment , and it now appears that the $ 18.5 billion in loan guarantees now available will fund no more than 2 or 3 new plants . The major area of anti-nuclear emphasis today is on preventing an expansion of this loan guarantee volume to the $ 50 to $ 100 billion level that the nuclear industry believes could be productively used in the near term . Even with loan guarantees , cited nuclear construction prices in the US remain high enough that nuclear remains marginally competitive and most utilities are slowing down their plans for new nuclear construction . Really , nuclear is getting nowhere very fast in the US at present , despite its great promise . AREVA France is now facing similar issues . China , happily , is not .
The main issue with Generation IV reactors such as the IFR or LFTR is the general expectation that they will be more expensive than ALWRs — at least in the early stages of deployment . Increasing the cost of new nuclear construction can hardly be viewed as a winning strategy these days .
For instance , a lot of design work was done by GE on the S-PRISM , after Department of Energy support ended , to bring down the cost . But it still needs to be updated to take into account new construction technologies and requirements ( including aircraft crash ) . It would be very helpful to be able to argue convincingly that IFR technology will be less expensive than ALWRs . If this could be shown to be the case , one could also expect more substantive commercial interest and investment , such as a willingness to cost-share the Design Certification and to construct a prototype reactor outside the federal appropriations process ( for example , under loan guarantees with some federal contract for procuring fuel irradiation services for transmutation fuel development and demonstration ) . Members of SCGI are working behind the scenes on these key issues , and progress is being made , but it 's naturally a protracted process .
Per argues that fluoride-salt reactor technology ( AHTR/LFTR ) has a clear path to achieve substantially lower energy production costs than ALWRs . Their expectation is that this evolutionary path will remain focused mainly on thermal-spectrum reactors , with efforts to push to higher temperatures and efficiency , and the introduction of thorium . Sodium-cooled , metal-fueled reactors are intrinsically bulkier and lower temperature/efficiency than AHTRs and LFTRs , but are not intrinsically more expensive than ALWRs . IFR is more mature than AHTR and LFTR , so the big question is what will be the most practical route to commercial demonstration . IFR will be a tough sell , though , if the general perception remains that it is more expensive than ALWRs . This is a complex topic , which I will endeavour to do more justice to in later posts in the IFR FaD series .
So , back to Per 's lab . They have various engineering models set up to test movement of TRISO pebble fuel through a fluoride salt coolant , whereby the pebbles are inserted in the inlet pipes and rise up through the reactor module over time , and then are put back through 5 or 6 times . This allows for very high burnup — exceeding 50 % , high power density due to the heat capacity of the liquid salt , and high temperatures thanks to the durability of the pebbles . This is a big ( potential ) advantage over the current Pebble Bed Modular Reactor technology ( PBMR ) , because in that design , the gas coolant has a very low power density . He 's flipped the problem on its head . The reactor also has various inherent safety design features , such as control rods that sink naturally in response to elevated coolant temperature , thereby passively regulating reactivity . Very safe !
Their testbed lab units use analogue fluids , including water and oils , and synthetic pebbles made from a nylon-like material . The model core of the reactor stood about 2 metres tall , and I asked what the power output of a full-sized 4 m tall ( 2 m wide ) reactor core unit would be . Try 400+ MWe . Wow…
I 'll end this post with something a little more technical , if the above was n't already too techie for you ( apologies to some BNC readers ) . Below I reproduce Per 's summary of the PB-AHTR , which they wrote up late last year in response to some prompting from me and others on the IFRG ( a nuclear energy mailing list the Per and me , and many others from SCGI , are part of ) . It 's a terrific summary of Per 's research , for those with an engineering background or nuclear science predilection . For those who lack either , the core message is this :
Per 's aim is to develop really compact nuclear units with very high power densities , based on mostly well-understood technology that is deployable on the time-scale of a decade or less . The driving aim is to get these units commercialised in the near term , and to bring down costs , thereby paving the way for later widespread commercial deployment of full Generation IV designs like the LFTR and IFR , which not only achieve high burnup , but also completely close the fuel cycle .
Here 's Per 's summary :
———————————————-
Pebble Bed Advanced High Temperature Reactor
The Pebble Bed Advanced High Temperature Reactor ( PB-AHTR ) is a liquid salt cooled , high temperature reactor design developed at UC Berkeley in collaboration with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and other national labs .
PB-AHTR reactor system schematic .
The annular Pebble Bed Advanced High Temperature Reactor ( PB-AHTR ) design has a nominal thermal power output of 900 MWth ( and electrical output of 410 MWe ) . The PB-AHTR differs from conventional helium-cooled HTRs because its liquid salt coolant enables operation with a core power density of 20 to 30 MWth/m3 , compared to the 4.8 to 6.0 MWth/m3 typical of modular helium reactors ( MHRs ) .1 The PB-AHTR delivers heat with a core outlet temperature of 704oC , achieving 46 % thermal efficiency with a multi-reheat helium Brayton ( gas-turbine ) cycle . The low-pressure , chemically inert liquid-salt coolant , with its high heat capacity and capability for natural circulation heat transfer , provides : ( 1 ) robust safety ( including fully passive decay-heat removal ) and ( 2 ) improved economics with passive safety systems that allow higher power densities and longer-term scaling to large reactor sizes [ > 1000 MW ( e ) ] for central station applications .
PB-AHTR primary , intermediate , and power conversion systems
PB-AHTR uses conventional TRISO high temperature fuel in the form of pebbles slightly smaller than golf balls . The baseline PB-AHTR design uses the well understood beryllium-based salt flibe ( 7Li 2 BeF 4 ) as its primary coolant , and flinak ( LiF-NaF-KF ) as its intermediate coolant . Metallic structures and components like the reactor vessel are constructed using Alloy 800H , a ASME Section III code qualified material , with Hastelloy N cladding for high corrosion resistance . The coolant loop of the ORNL Molten Salt Reactor Experiment 2 operated with clean fluoride salt , like the PB-AHTR , for over 26,000 hours without any detectable corrosion to Hastelloy N samples that were studied after the reactor shut down 3 . The major components in the reactor core are fabricated from graphite , which is chemically inert to fluoride salts .
PB-AHTR fuel pebble
The PB-AHTR combines together technologies derived from earlier reactor designs to create a new high-temperature reactor design with a unique combination of features :
Modular helium reactors ( PBMR ) : TRISO pebble fuel , nuclear-grade graphite ; high-temperature metallic and carbon composite structural materials ; helium Brayton power conversion .
Sodium fast reactors ( S-PRISM/EBR-II ) : Pool-configuration reactor vessel ; reactor building seismic base isolation ; direct reactor auxiliary cooling system ( DRACS ) for passive decay heat removal .
Light water reactors ( AP-1000/ESBWR ) : Integral effects test scaling and best-estimate safety code validation methods ; modern computer aided design , manufacturing , and modular construction technologies .
Molten salt reactors ( MSRE/MSBR ) : Liquid salt pumps , heat exchangers , corrosion resistant alloys ; liquid salt corrosion test and thermophysical property data base .
Like modern MHRs , the baseline PB-AHTR uses a conventional low-enriched uranium fuel cycle . But the PB-AHTR technology also supports advanced fuel cycle options :
Deep burn fuel cycle : the PB-AHTR can use deep burn TRISO fuels to destroy plutonium and other transuranics from commercial spent fuel
Once-through seed-blanket fuel cycle : the PB-AHTR can operate with a low-enriched uranium seed and thorium blanket fuel cycle that can reduce uranium consumption and waste generation while maintaining once-through operation .
Closed thorium fuel cycle : the PB-AHTR can operate with a closed thorium based fuel cycle with greatly reduced production of plutonium and other transuranics . Achievable conversion ratios are being studied now .
Liquid fluoride thorium reactors : The PB-AHTR provides technology that can be applied to future deployment of molten salt reactors using sustainable closed thorium fuel cycles . 4
Fission/fusion hybrid reactors ( LIFE ) : The PB-AHTR provides technology that can be applied for the future deployment of fission/fusion hybrid reactors that would operate sustainably without enrichment or reprocessing of their fission fuel.5
References
1 . P. Bardet , E. Blandford , M. Fratoni , A. Niquille , E. Greenspan , and P.F . Peterson , “ Design , Analysis and Development of the Modular PB-AHTR , ” 2008 International Congress on Advances in Nuclear Power Plants ( ICAPP '08 ) , Anaheim , CA , June 8-12 , 2008 .
2 . “ MSRE Systems and Components Performance ” Oak Ridge National Laboratory , ORNL-TM- 3039 , June 1973 .
3 . “ The Development Status of Molten-Salt Breeder Reactors , ” Oak Ridge National Laboratory , ORNL-4812 , pp . 200-201 , pp.207-211 , August 1972 .
4 . Energy From Thorium
5 . Laser Inertial Fission/Fusion Energy ( LIFE )
Paramount 's upcoming sci-fi drama Story of Your Life starring Amy Adams has been given a new title and a release date that will put it in line for awards consideration , EW has confirmed .
With the new title Arrival , the movie will be released on November 11 . Denis Villeneuve ( Sicario , Prisoners ) directs the film , which also stars Jeremy Renner and Forest Whitaker .
Eric Heisserer wrote the screenplay from Ted Chiang 's short story about an expert linguist ( Adams ) who is recruited to determine if alien crafts that have recently populated the earth are peaceful or a threat .
During their time filming Sicario , Villeneuve was announced as director for the Blade Runner sequel starring Ryan Gosling , Robin Wright , and Mackenzie Davis . Heisserer 's previous writing credits include Final Destination 5 and 2010 's A Nightmare on Elm Street .
Some of Donald Trump 's better-known supporters are even worse than deplorable – they want Hillary Clinton dead , according to one CNN star .
The left-leaning cable network 's media reporter Brian Stelter made the claim Wednesday on PBS 's `` Charlie Rose , '' and even named names .
Some Trump backers are in a `` truly deplorable basket , ” Stelter said . “ Sean Hannity fits into it , so does Rush Limbaugh , Alex Jones and others . These are people who bring up rumors and innuendo about Clinton 's health , and have been doing it for years .
`` I 'm not saying Hannity or Limbaugh fit into these necessarily , '' Stelter continued , `` but they — some of these figures want them to be sick . They want them to be dying . They want them to be on their death bed . ''
The comments came as Clinton was rallying from a bout with pneumonia and preparing to resume campaigning . The former first lady , senator and secretary of state fell ill Sunday at a Sept. 11 memorial event in Lower Manhattan , and their near collapse was caught on cellphone video by a bystander .
Hannity , a Fox News prime time host and syndicated talk radio star , blasted CNN for accusing them of wishing Clinton dead .
`` How do I get an apology from CNN ? ” Hannity thundered . `` Should I — I would love to sue them for slander when they say , ‘ Oh they want Hillary on their deathbed and dead , ' when I said just the opposite .
“ I know it 's hard to sue when you 're a public figure , pretty much people can call you anything , and I 've been called pretty much everything , '' Hannity continued . `` But I 'm thinking of suing them . Maybe I 'll get [ prominent lawyer ] David Boies , my buddy , to do it . ''
Limbaugh did n't take it in stride , either .
`` You 're specifically alleging , Brian , we want them to be sick . … You really need to research the transcripts of this program , '' Limbaugh said . `` If you do , you will find that I am the one person who started expressing concern for Mrs. Clinton in a number of areas . The most recent time when they had that four-minute coughing spasm , it was I who asked , ‘ How could their staff do that to them and not send somebody out to rescue her ? ' ‘ Who left them out to dry in that episode ? ' ``
The broadcasting legend went on to defend Hannity , saying their pal “ does n't want anyone to die . What is this ? This is — it 's bottom of the barrel stuff . ”
`` My problem with Hillary Clinton has to do with what they believe , '' Limbaugh said . `` My problem with Hillary Clinton has to be totally and 100-percent policy-related . ''
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201611/2417/1155968404_5192639575001_5192610777001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Trump wants 'special session ' to repeal Obamacare
Donald Trump on Tuesday vowed to immediately repeal and replace President Barack Obama 's signature health care law if he 's elected president next week .
“ When we win on Nov. 8 and elect a Republican Congress , we will be able to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare . We have to do it , ” Trump said Tuesday afternoon in an address on the Affordable Care Act in King of Prussia , Pennsylvania .
Story Continued Below
“ I will ask Congress to convene a special session so we can repeal and replace , ” they continued . “ And it will be such an honor for me , for you and for everybody in this country because Obamacare has to be replaced . And we will do it , and we will do it very , very quickly . It is a catastrophe . ”
But Congress wo n't be able to repeal and replace the health law quickly or easily . Even if Republicans keep control of the Senate , Democrats will likely have enough votes to filibuster a quick repeal bill .
While Republicans are working on a repeal using a complicated budget procedure that does n't allow a filibuster , it would likely take months to enact . And a replacement bill may be even harder .
House Speaker Paul Ryan has released a blueprint of a replacement plan , but Republicans are divided on the details of how to reform the massive health care system .
The health law had not played prominently in the campaign this year — a marked contrast to each election since its passage in 2010 . But with premiums rising for the enrollment season , which began Tuesday , Trump has pounced on the law 's flaws and renewed their promise to tear it up .
The GOP nominee characterized the law as a massive , nearly 3,000-page bill that to this day “ nobody understands. ” They also seized on the administration 's announcement of premium hikes .
“ Here in Pennsylvania , premiums are going to increase more than 60 percent , ” they said . “ And that 's nothing compared [ to ] what will happen in the future . Of course , in the future , if I 'm president , there wo n't be Obamacare so you wo n't have to worry about that . ”
They attacked Obamacare for stalling the economy and killing jobs , noting that there are fewer insurers and doctors now but higher premiums and deductibles as they cast a Hillary Clinton election as a detrimental expansion that Americans ca n't afford .
“ Obamacare means higher prices , fewer choices and lower quality , yet Hillary Clinton wants to expand Obamacare and make it even more expensive , ” they added . “ She wants to put the government totally in charge of health care in America . If we do n't repeal and replace Obamacare , we will destroy American healthcare forever . It 's one of the single most important reasons why we must win on Nov. 8 . We must win . ”
For their part , Clinton has pledged to build on the successes of the Affordable Care Act , which they often touted on the trail as “ Hillarycare ” before it was Obamacare .
Trump called for replacing Obamacare with health savings accounts that would allow Americans to purchase insurance across state lines and empowering states to manage Medicaid funding .
“ We will create quality , reliable , affordable health care in a free market where parents can make the health care decisions that they really wan na make for their families , ” Trump said . “ It will be a much better health care at a much less expensive cost . ”
Despite billing their address as a joint speech with their running mate , Indiana Gov . Mike Pence , on Obamacare — which included some members of Congress in attendance — Trump veered into their stump speech , speaking on issues like restoring manufacturing jobs , repealing Common Core , lowering taxes and rebuilding the nation 's military .
“ We 've also outlined detailed solutions on so many other issues to make life better for every American family . While this is really a meeting — and that 's what it is , it 's a meeting of very , very special people , and I appreciate you all being here — but it 's a meeting talking about health care and Obamacare . Our plan for other things also include the bringing back of manufacturing jobs , ” they said , seguing into their stump speech . “ We have to do it . ”
Pence , who introduced Trump , boasted about Republicans ' opposition to Obama 's health care legislation , which they were part of as chair of the House GOP conference .
“ I stand before you today because today , open enrollment begins on the Obamacare exchanges . And once again , millions of Americans are gon na be disappointed by their lack of options , and , frankly , they 're gon na be shocked by the high premiums and the cost of health insurance , ” Pence said . “ This government takeover of health care that we call Obamacare is failing in states across Obamacare as it is here in Pennsylvania , and the case has never been stronger for repeal . ”
Like Trump , Pence tied the Democratic nominee to the president as a proponent of the health care law that even their husband criticized . And they also took a shot at the former secretary of state as she 's embroiled in yet another email controversy , this time stemming from the FBI 's announcement Friday that it is reviewing additional emails related to its investigation of their use of a private email server while they headed the State Department .
“ The choice in this election could n't be more clear . With Hillary Clinton we 'll get more of the same from the last seven-and-a-half years , ” they said . “ More taxes , more spending , more regulation and more Obamacare . I mean , we ca n't trust Hillary Clinton with our health care any more than we can trust them with classified information . ”
Jennifer Haberkorn and Joanne Kenen contributed to this report .
Chennai : Swachh Bharat Abhiyan scheme , which Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched on Thursday with brooms in their hand , was `` nothing new but Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan '' of erstwhile Congress-led UPA Government , senior Congress leader and former union finance minister P Chidambaram said in Chennai on Wednesday .
`` ... Prime Minister has launched a new scheme called 'Swachh Bharat Abiyan , ' which is nothing new but our 'Nirmal Bharat Abiyan . ' It is the very same scheme and nothing new , '' they said addressing their partymen at the Gandhi Jayanthi celebrations .
Listing out the schemes , which they claimed were nothing but a change of name , Chidambaram said , `` Congress ' Skill Development Mission is now BJP 's Skill India scheme , Congress ' financial inclusion is now BJP 's Jan Dhan . All the schemes are the same . But the BJP is talking big about these schemes with advertisements , which we should have also done . ''
Observing that while one should notice what the new government was doing , they should also observe what it was n't doing , they charged that the 100 days employment scheme or NREGA was presently being destroyed step by step .
`` Though the target is 100 days , this year the average was only 31 days . Some states have not even completed 31 days . The budget for the scheme has been reduced from Rs 40,000 crore to Rs 33,000 crore , '' they said .
The NDA Government had also placed new restrictions like disqualifying physically challenged persons and old pensioners from being employed under the NREGA , they said .
Holding that the Minority Affairs Ministry had not done enough but listed out the welfare schemes announced by the previous regime , they said , `` But what they talk about now is 'Love Jihad . '
`` What is wrong in a deprived community man falling in love with a girl of different community or religion or vice versa ? The BJP now has two Muslim leaders , who have married Hindu women . Is that the Love Jihad of those days ? ''
On the present political situation in Tamil Nadu in the backdrop of conviction of AIADMK supremo in the assets case , they said a vacuum was likely to surface in the state politics , which they wanted their partymen to take advantage of .
`` DMK is no more an alternative for the AIADMK . Days are over when people thought DMK and the AIADMK were the alternative governments in Tamil Nadu . Congress would and should fill up the vacuum , which is likely to arise in the state , '' they said .
While it was natural for the AIADMK workers to be upset and hold demonstrations as their ardent leader has been convicted and jailed , normalcy must return in the state , they added .
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Edmonton-based fast casual restaurant LovePizza offers food delivery to customers through Skip The Dishes . Therefore , owner Gavin Fedorak was surprised to see their pizzeria listed on DoorDash , another food delivery company .
Fedorak said they were alerted to the listing by another Edmonton restaurant , Northern Chicken , which also had n't signed up to be on DoorDash 's roster .
“ We checked that night and we were on there as well , with the wrong menu and some products we were n't serving anymore , some pricing errors , ” Fedorak said .
“ We had never talked to DoorDash at all about being a part of their website . ”
Fedorak immediately sent an email to the company .
“ I just said , ‘ Hey , we have n't authorized you guys to use our trademarks , to use our name , to represent our business . We need you to take us off your site . ”
They said DoorDash replied , apologized and removed LovePizza from the website .
“ That 's the end of that , we hope . ”
WATCH : Skip the Dishes expanding operations
DoorDash told Global News it launched about four years ago and has formed formal partnerhips with a number of large national brands including Cheesecake Factory , Jack in the Box and Dunkin ' Donuts .
While the spokesperson said the company prefers to have formal relationships with restaurants , it will go ahead with the delivery service for businesses that have n't signed up . Restaurants that have agreed to a formal partnership have a system in place using tablets to make the ordering process smoother .
DoorDash also directed Global News to a blog post explaining how the service works .
“ One of our key principles is to provide customers with the very best selection of restaurants . We fulfil this promise by identifying the most popular restaurants that offer takeout in each city and connecting customers with Dashers who pick up orders from those restaurants and bring them to customers ' doors . As a logistics company , DoorDash matches supply and demand across three different audiences : if a restaurant offers orders to go and customers want it delivered , we 'll connect them with a Dasher to provide that service , ” the blog reads .
“ For restaurants that want to provide additional operational efficiency and receive data analytics for their orders , we provide the opportunity to partner with us in a more formal relationship , ” the blog added .
READ MORE : 2 more food apps aim to meet growing appetite in Edmonton
As a business owner , Fedorak said their biggest concern they had been the lack of control over the quality of service .
“ If the restaurant has n't partnered with that service , the restaurant is not set up to accept orders . They do n't know what 's happening… That 's a big concern for the customer .
“ From a restaurant point of view , it 's definitely quality assurance . You choose the partners you work with . It 's our business . It 's our livelihood and that 's the same with all these restaurants in Edmonton being signed up , ” Fedorak said .
“ If you 're partnered with somebody , you want to know they 're providing a good service .
“ With most of the third-party deliveries , there 's feedback loops for customers , the restaurants can check on them , there 's good customer service phone numbers for both sides . You want to make sure that stuff is in place before you work with somebody that 's representing your business to the end consumer . ”
READ MORE : UberEATS aims to take big bite out of Edmonton food delivery competition
Fedorak says customers can link directly from LovePizza 's website to Skip the Dishes . It is very clear the restaurant works with the food delivery service . They suggest customers look for those visible signs or even call the business to confirm it is working with a delivery service prior to placing an order .
“ It 's a two-way street , ” Fedorak said . “ We have to have an app or something that we 're looking at to accept orders… I think the way [ DoorDash was ] trying to do it — by phoning in orders — is a short-term solution . It 's not going to be scale-able on the long-term .
“ It 's going to be pretty tough for them I think now in Edmonton , ” they added . “ There are too many other options… We 're not going to sign up with them . ”
Amid an escalation of Palestinian terror attacks , Israel is reportedly set to introduce a series of dramatic new security measures — including barring the extended family of terrorist assailants from entering Israel , conducting mass arrests of Hamas activists in the West Bank , and deploying large numbers of reserve troops to safeguard terror hot spots .
Legal preparations for some of the measures are now being finalized , Israel 's Channel 2 news reported Monday , hours after an Israeli soldier was stabbed to death at a gas station , and a 21-year-old Israeli woman murdered on Sunday was laid to rest .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , visiting the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank , south of Jerusalem , where Hadar Buchris was stabbed to death on Sunday , said the Israel Defense Forces was stepping up its operations in the West Bank and had been given free rein in the area to preempt terror attacks . They urged Israelis to be resilient in the fight against terror .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Among the new measures planned , Channel 2 reported , are wide-ranging arrests of Hamas activists in the West Bank , to prevent the Islamist terror group — which seeks the elimination of Israel and spearheaded an onslaught of suicide bombings in the Second Intifada from 2000-2005 — from stepping up its involvement in the current terror wave . Israel is also looking into the legality of deporting — from the West Bank to Gaza — alleged inciters of violence against Israel .
In a further measure that underlines the sharply increased friction in day-to-day interaction between Israelis and Palestinians , Israel is also reportedly set to bar all Palestinian workers from supermarkets , factories and other facilities in the Etzion Bloc of settlements south of Jerusalem , an area that has seen several recent terror attacks . The Palestinian Maan website said 2,000 Palestinians could be affected .
As an apparent deterrent and punitive measure , Israel is also to bar the extended family of terrorist assailants from entering Israel — meaning “ 80-100 ” relatives of an attacker , Channel 2 said .
Finally , the report said , the IDF will deploy soldiers called up for reserve duty in January to bolster the standing army and protect terror hot spots , including roads that have been targeted by car-ramming Palestinian terrorists .
The biggest problem automakers selling electric cars face is limited range . No one wants to get caught without any juice . To get around this concern , Tesla , whose Model S offers the best range ( up to 265 miles ) , is building a vast network of “ Supercharger ” stations that make it possible to take epic road trips . Now BMW is following suit , launching a network of charging stations to make owning its first all-electric car , the range-handicapped i3 , more convenient .
The automaker announced last week that it has developed an impressively small , lightweight , and inexpensive charger that it is working to install around the country . BMW will sell the charger to `` authorized partners '' —starting with dealers—for $ 6,548 . NRG eVgo , a private EV-charging company , will install at least 100 around California and offer free charging to i3 owners through the end of 2015 .
The 24 kilowatt BMW i DC Fast Charger , developed with Bosch Automotive , can charge the i3 's battery up to 80 percent in 30 minutes . Compared to other chargers on the market , the BMW version is quite small : 31 inches tall , 19 inches wide and 12 inches deep . It weighs just 100 pounds , light enough to be mounted without reinforcing the wall or pouring extra concrete .
“ It 's more or less standard technology , ” says Cliff Fietzek , BMW North America 's manager for connected e-mobility , just in a smaller package . The tradeoff is the lower voltage ( 24kW instead of the 50 or more other quick chargers offer ) and a slightly longer charge time . Fietzek says the reduced weight and cost are well worth it .
That 's because a broad charging network is key to BMW 's long-term plan to sell electric cars ; developing a lightweight , cheap charger is the way to do that as quickly as possible , says Rob Healy , BMW 's EV infrastructure manager . That 's true even though the i3 , with a claimed range between 80 and 160 miles ( depending upon whether you get the internal combustion range extender , which makes the car something like a Chevrolet Volt ) , is meant to be used for daily commuting , not long distance trips . While most owners will charge overnight at home , its reassuring ( and convenient ) to have the option of charging on the road . “ The visibility and availability of public chargers really helps from the customer perspective of range anxiety , '' Healey says .
> BMW on its own “ would not be able to create the ecosystem to have a premium customer experience with an electric car . ''
Tesla uses a proprietary design for its vaunted Superchargers , which means only Tesla owners can power up . BMW is n't being so exclusionary , in small part because it has no interest in owning or operating the network . Its chargers feature the SAE Combo 1 plug inlet that American and German automakers have adopted for quick charging . Vehicle owners will be able to pay using an account with ChargePoint , a network that offers access to 18,400 chargers around the country .
Why allow just anyone with a battery powered car to fill up at a station that BMW worked to develop ? Because the easier it is to own an EV—any automaker 's EV—the better it will be for everyone , including BMW , Fietzek says . Rather than lock others out , this will encourage them to help build needed infrastructure . BMW on its own “ would not be able to create the ecosystem to have a premium customer experience with an electric car , ” they explain .
BMW 's plan makes sense . “ There are a lot of potential customers who ca n't plug the vehicle in at home , ” says Philip Gott , an analyst with IHS Automotive . Having stations in public can help them out . Allowing other drivers to fill up at the stations is a fine way to advance the adoption of electric vehicles . But they take issue with the term “ fast charging , ” because filling 80 percent of a battery in half an hour is still way less convenient than filling a conventional car 's gas tank in five minutes . Until the batteries in electric cars can provide a range measured in hundreds of miles , not dozens , they say , any kind of charging infrastructure is just an interim solution .
Obama is back . Just watch the President 's relaxed , yet pointed , speech Thursday night at Harlem 's Apollo Theater . Regardless of your party affiliation , or whether you personally like Mr. Obama or not , honestly tell me , after watching their performance , whether you think any of the four remaining Republican pretenders has a shot of defeating this President .
My own informal poll of diehard Republican friends ( many with lots of money to donate to the right GOP candidate ) yields the same conclusion : Barack Obama is going to win a second term , no matter which flawed candidate the Republican Party nominates . The president 's Apollo Theater speech -- in which they famously performed a deft imitation of Rev . Al Green 's `` Let 's Stay Together '' -- tells me the reason why .
Obama has the superior narrative . As any good debater or lawyer knows , story matters . You can have the best evidence , the best arguments , the best case , but in order to win the hearts and minds of a judge ( or , in this case , a voter ) , you need a compelling narrative that knits the arguments and evidence of your case together .
The Republicans think they have that narrative . Their story is that the previous Republican administration screwed up . That George W. Bush put us in unprecedented debt by adopting Democratic ideas like prescription drug benefits , but that Obama made the debt worse via ObamaCare , auto company bailouts , and a failed stimulus plan . Their answer to their loss in 2008 has not been to revisit those aspects of Republican theology that have empirically failed , but , rather , to double down on that theology .
They invoke an old and familiar story . But it 's not a fresh story .
Campaigning on tax cuts for all , deregulation , domestic fossil fuel exploration , privatization of government services and huge increases in defense expenditures is straight from the Reagan playbook . That was 1980 . It was an optimistic domestic narrative when the sitting president , Jimmy Carter , complained of an American `` malaise . '' It was a strong foreign policy vision when compared to the desultory secular Marxism of a failing USSR .
Today , that GOP vision smells like stale bread . The tropes are so tired that even if the self-proclaimed , self-enamored champion of those ideas , Newt `` Open Marriage '' Gingrich , can not consistently abide them . Ditto for the Massachusetts Mormon , who is a classic Rockefeller Republican at heart , but ca n't come out of their faux conservative straitjacket and admit it . Why ? Because they would be seen as John McCain Part Deux , and would lose the GOP nomination .
The only Republican in the remaining field of four with a bold new vision for the party is Ron Paul . Only Paul imaginatively invokes conservatism in their call for non-interventionism , freedom of choice , and an end to the entitlement state . In other words , only the Libertarian Republican vision feels new . Only the Libertarian Republican vision has the power to steal from the Democratic playbook .
That is how you win in debate , law , sports , and politics : by appropriating your opponent 's best and favorite arguments and making them your own . That is how Clinton won in 1992 and 1996 . They jettisoned knee-jerk liberal Democratic ideas about welfare ( and offered `` workfare '' ) , deficit spending ( and balanced the budget ) , and law enforcement ( adding 100,000 new cops ) . By running as a pragmatic centrist , they stole the GOP 's thunder .
For all their Sol Alinsky community organizer hoo-ha , Barack Obama has deployed the same strategy . They have pushed tax cuts ( for the middle class ) , deficit reduction ( a proposed $ 1 trillion in cuts ) , and , mandatory health insurance ( essentially RomneyCare ) in order to cut into the GOP 's ideological home turf . Even their call for increased infrastructure spending reprises a long-held Republican idea . After all , Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower brought us the interstate highway system .
As their surprisingly off-the-cuff speech in Harlem last night made clear , Obama knows how to spin their narrative with confidence , intelligence , humor , and calm . They cleverly grouped the current GOP field with the failed Republican economic polices of Herbert Hoover and G.W . Bush ( the two Republican presidents in power before the two greatest economic calamities of the past 100 years ) . In doing so , Obama is making sure that Americans do not forget the empirical failures of trickle down economic theory .
The recession was deep . The job losses significant . The pay cuts real . Despite Republican attempts , most Americans are not blaming Barack Obama for this financial disaster . They know , and Obama artfully reminds them , that they inherited the crisis . Moreover , he 's at long last able to argue that their stimulus plan is paying off , that the trajectory of unemployment has consistently gone in reverse , that business confidence is rising , and that Obama-saved GM is again the number one car company in the world . The stock market seems to agree , having jumped nearly 10 % in the last month alone .
Obama 's foreign policy narrative is also convincing . Instead of the Republican Cold War large-footprint approach to foreign threats , Obama has deftly argued for American `` smart power . ''
It 's no secret that Bush 's foreign policy blunders permanently damaged Brand America in the eyes of the world : encouraging terrorism , compounding our domestic debt , and engendering our credit downgrade , all by their outrageously costly , deceitfully sold , and wholly unnecessary Iraq detour .
By contrast , Obama 's `` smart power '' features a U.S. that is judicious , patient , and quietly lethal in its use of military and intelligence assets . Obama quietly cleaned up Bush 's loud , ponderous foreign policy mess by secretly offing Bin Laden , picking off Al Qaeda operatives using drone strikes , ending the Iraq War , nimbly riding the Arab Spring without a loss of one American life ( or an unnecessary and counterproductive U.S. invasion ) , while punishing Iran with sanctions that are having serious bite .
The Republicans can rail all they want ( and correctly so ) about Obama 's failure to provide strong leadership on illegal immigration , Israeli-Palestinian peace , North Korea , and long-term entitlement reform , but lacking a compelling alternative narrative , do you honestly think they have a prayer against this guy ? Especially when their likely nominee , Mitt Romney , was part and parcel of the very financial industry that the average American , including OWS supporters and Tea Party backers alike , have fingered as the primary culprit in the subprime mortgage mess and concomitant economic meltdown . That these lords of finance received trillions in TARP money and other aid rubs salt in the wound of many voters . As most Americans struggled to make ends meet over the last four years , they are not going to forget that these `` troubled '' bankers still received their bonuses . Call it `` class warfare '' or `` redistributionism , '' but Barack Obama is going to delight in making the distinction between Wall Street and Main Street , even if they signed on as Senator to bailouts of the very Wall Street firms they now excoriate .
Unfortunately for Republicans , the average American worker no longer believes in the power of `` creative destruction '' to regenerate American business , even if Joseph Schumpeter 's famous tenet is fundamentally true . Obama merely has to compare Bain Capital , Goldman Sachs , and Bank of America on the one hand versus the average American worker on the other . Even if you believe that these large financial firms have been unjustly punished , even if you believe that loose lending and the Community Reinvestment Act were the ultimate causes of the housing debacle , the optics for any Republican candidate are patently ugly .
Look . I am a socially liberal , fiscally conservative , registered independent . I am not attached to either party .
And maybe from my neutral vantage point , I am not seeing something on the ground . Maybe there is a path to Republican victory that sidesteps the glaring rhetorical and stylistic problems they now face . After hearing the President 's speech last night , I just do n't see it . Especially if the economy continues its upward growth rate , and unemployment keeps trending down .
Barack Obama is no Jimmy Carter . And not one of the remaining Republican candidates exhibits the clear , commanding presence of a Ronald Reagan ( even the faux Reagan-esque Mr. Romney ) . Moreover , Republicans en masse are not going to back their only original candidate , Ron Paul , because the Texas representative makes a fatal error : they tell the truth about Republican adventurism abroad and big spending at home .
In other words , if Obama 's entertaining performance last night at the Apollo tells me anything , it 's Amateur Night in Republican-land , and they are likely to be yanked off the stage come November by Sandman Sim 's hook .
The drive-thru lane at a McDonald 's restaurant in Northampton is to be made into a ‘ dual-carriageway ' to cope with demand .
The fast-food chain has submitted plans to Northampton Borough Council to create an extra drive-thru lane at its 24-hour outlet at the Weston Favell Centre .
The firm said the extra lane would reduce the amount of time people had to wait to get through the drive-thru and prevent McDonald 's ' workers having to stand outside to take orders from drivers in the queue .
Documents submitted to the council by the firm said : “ The intention is to streamline the ordering process during peak trading times without the need to have members of staff outside the building .
“ This will also assist in reducing the length of the potential queue . ”
The two drive-thru lanes would be side-by-side .
The company said that during quiet times , customers would be able to use either lane .
The creation of the new lane will see the number of parking spaces at the restaurant reduced by five .
As part of the development , a number of new signs will also be put on the restaurant 's roof .
The borough council 's planning department will decide by the middle of June whether or not the development should go ahead .
Nathan Taylor Principle Designer and co-owner of Obelisk Home in Downtown Springfield . Obelisk Home has been in business for nine years and features inspired furniture , luxury lighting , decorative accessories interior design services that range from concept to completion and all phases in between .
We sat down with Nathan recently to discuss their unique approach to interior design , things people can do to get summer ready , and of course , how to give style to your pets ' digs .
Murney : What was the last project you designed ?
NT : A remodel . The home was built in 2008 . We took the Missouri Country French to a very very clean lined , classic traditional home without committing the customer to a specific style . We got rid of faux finish on walls , painted over texture , and put up a new natural stone fireplace that was 17 feet high . We also closed off a few ‘ eyebrow ' arch ways to give the clients a dedicated breakfast area .
Murney : What 's one item you could n't live without in your home ?
NT : Orchids . Things we 've collected from trips . Original art is one of the most important aspects of interior design .
Murney : What are some trends you 're seeing in the SGF area ?
NT : As a designer one of the things I really shy away from is ‘ trends ' because you pigeon-hole yourself . Grey is a popular color , but not every home has to have grey . I do n't think you need to remodel based on trends , either . My motto is “ I want people to know Obelisk did their , but I do n't want them to know Obelisk did their house . ”
I want people to know Obelisk Home designed their house , but I do n't want them to walk in and say ‘ This is an Obelisk Home house '
Murney : What 's the most popular color scheme this year for interiors ?
NT : Greige . Grey and beige together . I like colors that lend themselves to warmth . Alabaster white ( Sherwin 's color of the year ) paired with any color that has warmth to it .
Murney : How can people get summer ready on a budget ?
NT : Fun pillows . White accessories , metallic accessories . Candles are a simple way to make significant change to a room .
Murney : How do you tell a story with interior design ?
NT : We take elements of what people already have and build from that . The story can be that “ We got this on a trip ” or “ Our kids made this ” we want the room to feel like part of the family .
“ We want the room to feel like part of the family ”
Murney : What goes into keeping your pet 's digs stylish ?
NT : We 've incorporated pet 's feeding area into the end of a kitchen island . We 've lined the walls underneath cabinets with laminate to help keep things clean . Dog bowls and dog beds from Unleashed Life are a must .
Murney : What 's one thing a client can expect during a remodel ?
NPT : The biggest challenge of a remodel is that most clients set a budget before the make a list of what they want . Be realistic about what you want and what you can afford . What are the most important things ? There 's always going to be hidden things behind walls and unexpected opportunities . Be open and understanding .
Murney : How did Obelisk Home get started and what does the company name mean ?
NT : We started 9 years ago in November . The name comes from The Washington Monument . It is an obelisk . The obelisk is one of the oldest shapes in architecture and it has n't changed since its inception . It implies architectural integrity and timelessness .
If Obelisk has one thing in abundance it is integrity in their work .
Here are some Before and After photos from Nathan 's projects .
The gallery group BeforeAfterNathanTaylor is no longer available , Please reconfigure your widget/shortcode/phpcode which displays this slideshow .
Be sure to visit Obelisk Home on the First Friday ArtWalk route on April 1st and every other first Friday of the month until September . They 've been on the circuit for 8 years and theirs is one of the finest stops on the Art Walk .
You can shop online at obeliskhome.com or in person at 214 West Phelps St , Suite 101 in Downtown Springfield .
A special thanks to Nathan and Nicole for spending time with us this week !
Man Selling Fake Drugs At Bonnaroo Says They Are 'Doing God 's Work '
Photo via Coffee County Sheriff 's Office
It was only the first day of Bonnaroo when a New York man 's dastardly plan to profit off of drug-seeking festivalgoers by selling them fake drugs was foiled .
David Brady of Albany , New York , was at this year 's Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester , Tennessee on Thursday when they were caught with a rather large stash of fake illegal substances , The Washington Post reports .
Police spotted Brady sitting under a tent on festival grounds with what “ appeared to be narcotics. ” The 45-year-old tried ditching the fake drugs by throwing them behind him , but police nonetheless uncovered 37 fake molly pills , 22 bags of fake magic mushrooms , 1,000 hits of fake acid , 20 bags of fake cocaine , and an “ incense stick made to look like black tar heroin , ” according to the Tennessean .
Brady told police they “ was doing God 's work by selling fake drugs. ” They were arrested and charged with two counts of possession of counterfeit controlled substances . They were booked in Coffee County jail on $ 120,000 bond and is expected to appear in court on August 11 .
Upon their arrest , it was discovered that Brady was also wanted in Franklin County , Arkansas on a felony bench warrant . The state of Arkansas plans to extradite Brady , who was also charged with being a fugitive from justice .
Potential victims/customers of Brady 's are spared for now . But not everyone at Bonnaroo is looking for a chemically-induced psychedelic experience .
The Soberoo community at Bonnaroo has been around since as early as 2012—providing a lucid hub for attendees who prefer to stay sober . The Soberoo community at the annual music festival—which does not affiliate with any 12-step programs—grew from a couple dozen people to a large tent to having its own camping area .
Soberoo holds multiple meetings per day for sober attendees . “ Knowing there 's a meeting here gives me the freedom and the confidence to do what I want , ” one sober attendee told The Fix in 2012 .
“ Soberoo makes no judgment on others ' decisions related to drugs and alcohol , neither condemning nor condoning their use , ” according to the Bonnaroo website . “ Soberoo is simply like-minded music fans who gather to offer support—and traction in what might otherwise be a slippery environment . ”
Saudi Arabian family therapist Khaled Al-Saqaby went on national television to teach men in the Kingdom how to “ properly ” beat your wife .
What men need to know…
It 's straight out of the seventh century .
Via MEMRI TV :
MEMRI Posted the transcript :
Khaled Al-Saqaby : Assalaam Alaykum . Allah 's blessing upon you . Welcome to our show , which will deal with wife beating . I am aware that this issue is a thorny one , which contains many hazards , but Allah willing , we will cross this bridge safely .
I believe that the problem arises when husbands do not understand how to deal with disobedience . Some women disobey their husbands and make mistakes with them , and their husbands think this is due to inadequate treatment [ of disobedience ] . Allah said : “ As for those on whose part you fear disobedience – advise them. ” This is the first step in disciplining one 's wife . First , remind them of your rights and of their duties , according to Allah .
Then comes the second stage – forsaking their [ in bed ] . Here too , some husbands make mistakes , which might exacerbate the problem even further . If , for example , the husband leaves their bed and goes to another house , everybody knows that there is a problem . The point of forsaking them in bed is to discipline the wife , and not to air your dirty laundry in public . Allah said : “ Forsake them in bed ” – which means that you should stay in bed with her , but turn your back to her , or else sleep in a separate bed in the same room .
By the way , as a woman once told me , this is the most ingenious way to discipline a wife . If the husband leaves the room , it is easier for them than if they remain with them but turns their back to her , or if they sleep on the floor while they sleep in the bed , or vice versa . Then comes the third stage – the issue of beating . We have to understand that the aim is to discipline , not to vent one 's anger . The necessary Islamic conditions for beating must be met .
The beating should not be performed with a rod such as this one . Nor should it be with a headband , which some husbands use [ to beat their wives ] , or with a sharp object , which , I 'm sad to say , some husbands use . It should be done with something like the sewak tooth-cleaning twig – Ibn Abbas said that they should be beaten with a sewak , like this one , or with a handkerchief , because the goal is merely to make the wife feel that they were wrong in the way they treated them husband .
The country borders Ukraine and three members of the EU and NATO
Russia already has a radar and a navy communications facility in Belarus
But former Soviet republic is dependent on Moscow for credit and energy
Belarus has made it clear it would not welcome a Russian
Vladimir Putin has backed plans to establish a Russian military air base in neighbouring Belarus in a move that will unnerve Poland and the Baltic nations .
Belarus has made clear it would not welcome a Russian base , but the former Soviet republic remains dependent on Moscow for credit and energy .
The Russian President ordered their Defence Ministry to hold talks with their Belarusian counterparts and sign the agreement .
Vladimir Putin has signalled their intention to establish a Russian military air base in neighbouring Belarus in a move that will unnerve Poland and the Baltic nations
The Russian President ordered their Defence Ministry to hold talks with their Belarusian counterparts and sign the agreement . Russian servicemen are pictured marching in Moscow last year
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has not commented on Putin 's initiative . The two presidents met on Friday in the southern Russian city of Sochi .
Russia has radar and a navy communications facility in Belarus , but this would be the first base .
Belarus is a desirable location for Russia because it borders Ukraine and three members of the European Union and NATO : Lithuania , Latvia and Poland .
The idea of setting up an airbase in the ex-Soviet republic was revealed by Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu in 2013 , and follows a 2009 agreement under which Russia and Belarus agreed to defend their common external frontier and airspace .
Russia has radar and a navy communications facility in Belarus , but this would be the first military air base ( file picture )
Belarus is a desirable location for Russia because it borders Ukraine and three members of the European Union and NATO : Lithuania , Latvia and Poland as shown in the graphic
Russian defence officials have said the base would be used to station Su-27 fighters . Russia already has some fighter aircraft in Belarus but this would be the first full-scale base there since Soviet times .
Russia already has military bases in ex-Soviet neighbours Kyrgyzstan and Armenia , which like Belarus are also members of a Eurasian Economic Union that Putin sees as the embryo of a new geopolitical bloc .
'Against the background of the Ukrainian crisis , the stationing of a permanent Russian military contingent in Belarus will upset the balance of forces and facilitate an increase in tension in the whole region , ' said analyst Valery Karbalevich .
As part of an effort to improve Belarus ' relations with the West , Lukashenko has stayed neutral on the conflict in Ukraine between the Western-aligned government in Kiev and the Russia-backed separatists in the east .
'It is obvious that the Kremlin really twisted Lukashenko 's arm , ' Karbalevich said .
Verizon Communications Inc. reported a dozen cases of sabotaged cable lines and warned of delays in repairs and customer service on the second day of a strike involving about 45,000 employees .
The telecommunications company said there have been 12 acts of sabotage to telephone lines and to Internet and television services in Massachusetts , Maryland , New Jersey , and New York since the strike began .
Fiber-optic lines were intentionally cut in Tewksbury and several other municipalities on the East Coast , the company said .
Stolen equipment in Cedar Grove , N.J. , affected service to a police department , and a heat system was tampered with at a central office in Manhattan .
“ This could be a dangerous situation if people need to reach fire , police , or emergency responders and ca n't use their phone , '' said Phil Santoro , a spokesperson for Verizon .
Verizon is offering a $ 50,000 reward “ for information leading to the arrest and prosecution of individuals that intentionally damage Verizon cables or facilities or cause or attempt to cause physical injury to any Verizon employee or contractor . ''
Myles Calvey , a business manager with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers who is representing New England workers in the negotiations , said the union has no knowledge of its members committing any acts of sabotage .
“ We do n't do that , and nobody in the union leadership supports any of that , '' they said . The striking workers are members of the IBEW and the Communications Workers of America .
Verizon said the company met the demands of 75 percent of their customer repair orders on Sunday .
The company warned of longer hold times on their customer service lines and longer waits for repair service .
Verizon officials and leaders from the unions that represent the striking workers continued negotiations yesterday . About 6,000 workers in Massachusetts and about 800 in Rhode Island are on strike .
Workers continued to picket outside Verizon offices and stores in the region .
“ We have to get these people back to work , '' Calvey said . “ Nobody wants all of these people out in the street . ''
Taryn Luna can be reached at tluna @ globe.com .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
Hello friends . Gorski Car here to discuss assault frigates ! This class of ships has been falling out of favor for some time now and was only just recently thrown a small bone when tactical destroyers were removed from small complexes in Factional Warfare . Apart from this , they are always outclassed by the tactical destroyers in all scenarios .
While some of them still have some small uses left , like the Harpy in the occasional nullsec fleet , they are a rare sight outside of Factional Warfare space . In this article I am going to propose some changes to this ship class which is in much need of some help .
The speed creep
In their current state assault frigates are on average 26 % slower than T1 frigates . We can compare this to heavy assault cruisers who are on average only 3 % slower than their T1 counterparts .
All speeds assuming microwarpdrive and all V skills
Assume Microwarpdrive and all V skills
In order to help close this gap a bit I propose an overall 10 % speed buff across the board to all assault frigates . This would put assault frigates around interdictor speed and close the gap to T1 frigates to about 15 % as opposed to 26 % .
I personally think this small boost is all that 's needed to make some assault frigates great again .
It is , however , not enough for an unfortunate few of them that are almost beyond help at the moment .
Role bonuses
All assault frigates have a role bonus reducing the signature of microwarpdrives by 50 % . This bonus is not a bad one at all , but I feel like it 's not exactly what these ships need for some of their most common roles like heavy frigate tackle or close-range brawling . The current bonus is actually quite helpful at the time when you are spiraling in on your target to get into engagement range and under their guns , but it 's not really useful once you are within the reach of an enemy scram . At that point you can almost always count on being both counter webbed and scrammed , and then the bonus does nothing for you .
At the moment assault frigates can actually be beat by cleverly flown T1 frigates
This is one issue of assault frigates where I have seen a number of different suggestions over the times . The most popular among those are web resistance or an afterburner speed bonus . Certainly good and strong bonuses that would help the assault frigates hugely , but I wonder if they are not going to disrupt the balance of small-scale or solo PvP with frigates . At the moment assault frigates can actually be beat by cleverly flown T1 frigates and certainly by T1 destroyer pilots . Making them too powerful in certain ways could make that impossible .
I discussed this with my good friend Suitonia and we realized that currently every assault frigate has a utility high-slot that is very rarely used due to the tight fitting resources this ship class suffers from . So we figured why not give assault frigates a ~90 % fitting reduction for energy nosferatus .
I am a big fan of this idea as it would help them to maintain tackle once the target is scrammed/webbed and such a bonus would not disrupt solo frigate PvP much since nosferatus can only drain cap if yours is lower . It also helps a lot against T1 cruisers or even bigger ships which have the ability to fit an energy neutralizer in the utility high-slot . Additionally it 's of course another button to click , and that 's always more fun than a passive bonus .
Another thing we discussed was to just provide a straight-up resistance to energy neutralizers instead , and I feel that could also somewhat work , but it would be less fun .
What I have n't talked about with Suitonia is the possibility to add some sort of ECM/EWAR resistance . The heavy assault cruisers already have this to some degree with their high sensor strength . Assault frigates could very well use that too , but I do n't think it further helps them with their role , even if it would be somewhat useful in certain situations .
Let 's dig into more specifics regarding the different assault frigates !
Specific assault frigate suggestions
Amarr
The Amarr ships are usually heavily armor-tanked with low speeds , using lasers as primary weapons with drones and missiles as secondary ones .
Retribution :
The Retribution is a laser based platform which currently sees most use as a slower but more tanky version of the Slicer . This is due to its high optimal range bonus coupled with the long range of either beams or Scorch on pulse lasers . It is also one of two assault frigates with only two mid slots , meaning it ca n't actually bring much else than DPS to the field . This is why I feel the current Retribution with only 5 effective turrets is too weak to fulfil its only role .
The change for this could be to replace the tracking bonus with a 5 % rate of fire bonus . This would however result in a 33 % damage boost . That might be a bit too much for some people but they should remember that the Retribution does n't really have much else to bring to the table .
Another possibility could be to give it a small drone bay similar to the Tormentor . This would provide a bit more complexity to the ship in the first seconds of the fight , especially if flying a kiting-fit version where you have to maintain an initial orbit , point , activate all modules and launch drones . I could see how two or three drones definitely could help this ship .
I would also like to give it a boost to both speed and mass to indirectly make up for the loss of the tracking bonus .
Vengeance :
Overall I feel the Vengeance is actually quite a strong brawler , even if not very popular due to being outshined by the Hawk . It does however have some problems . For starters it has one of those capacitor regeneration bonuses that just feels unfun . I think that all bonuses should feel strong and powerful and complement the ship in fighting . This is a bonus that might as well be baked into the ship and no one would care . That would leave a slot open for another bonus .
I suggest replacing this with a 5 % bonus to application of missiles ( i.e . explosion radius and velocity ) . A raw DPS bonus would not be needed as this ship already hits quite hard and can select its damage type . A bonus to application would however help fits deciding to drop the web for a cap booster in order to dual rep .
Another thing I noticed is that the Vengeance is quite starved for CPU , having to fit a bunch of rocket launchers and a lot of low slots , so I would also suggest a tiny boost to base CPU .
Gallente
Like the Amarr , Gallente also favor armor tank , but with some additional hull tanking to boost it . Their ships are usually a very high in DPS , using close-range blasters or long-range rails with drones .
Enyo :
I am actually a big fan of the high-DPS blaster Enyo fits that barely tank while doing as much damage as possible right in your face . The addition of the hull HP rigs did this ship a huge favour and it is actually in my opinion currently in a very good spot . It would probably not need further changes other than the speed boost and role bonuses suggested for all assault frigates .
Ishkur :
This ship… I do not even know where to begin with it . The bonuses it gets are all over the place and it seems to come from a time where 5 drones on a frigate was already considered overpowered , even if they do n't get a damage bonus . I do not know whether CCP intends this to be a blaster ship or a drone ship or just considers it a jack of all trades – master of none .
Let 's start with this bonus : 5 m^3 bonus to ship drone bay capacity per Assault Frigate level .
This just feels like a horrible bonus that is rarely used and built in on all other similar ships , yet the Ishkur gets to live with it as one of its bonuses . It 's like saying “ Hey if you train assault frigates to max you get to bring an additional flight of drones ” . Does n't exactly feel worth it does it ? This bonus would be the first to go if I were to redesign this ship .
Next up is the 10 % drone HP bonus . Yes , this is a bit confusing and I have had many players come to me and say “ Hey the Ishkur is good , it gets a nice drone flight with damage bonuses ! ” and they are always surprised when I tell them no . The Ishkur does not actually get a damage bonus to its drones , but they can soak more damage themselves .
Apart from those two , this ship gets a 5 % damage boost to hybrids and a 10 % optimal range bonus . Both are hardly good bonuses and I would probably redesign this ship to focus way more on drones , using blasters more as a sidearm to kill damaged foes or other drones .
Suggestions here would be to replace the bonuses with : 10 % drone damage/hp and 10 % hybrid tracking for the Gallente Frigate skill and give 7.5 % drone velocity and 10 % drone tracking on the Assault Frigate skill . All of those at the same time might however be too strong , so I would n't mind removing the bonus to drone hitpoints or look at reducing the tracking bonus .
Caldari
Combining heavy shield with decent damage using either hybrids or rockets , the Caldari have the two most powerful assault frigates . The Hawk is one of the strongest brawling frigates – especially in small FW plexes – and the Harpy shines as a long-range rail platform with high tank . With its dual range bonuses and high resistances it 's actually viable as a 0.0 doctrine ship .
I do not really think these ships need much help other then a small speed increase and additional role bonus that all other Assault frigates will get .
Minmatar
Minmatar are a race using fast ships that can be either armor or shield tank using projectile turrets as their main weapon , or in some rare cases missiles . In general Minmatar ships tend to be very flexible but unfortunately largely fell out of favour with the EVE playerbase recently , except the Svipul .
Wolf :
This ship is the other assault frigate that has only two mid slots . It does , however , have quite high DPS with decent projection and tracking compared to the Retribution , and its selectable damage types make it quite usable . There are some decent useful artillery fits that work quite well if you are a high tier pilot , despite what a certain zkill guide tells you .
With that said they are not without problems . I would probably look at giving them a further speed boost and maybe consider increasing the tracking bonus to 10 % .
Jaguar :
Now here , on the other hand , we have some proper shit . This ship is more confused than some of the moderators on the tweetfleet slack . It has a very strange slot layout without any focus . Ontop of that it lacks the fitting to actually use all those mids and low slots effectively . Its DPS is also really low with only 3 guns . The Jaguar 's one redeeming quality is its high speed . It can even fit somewhat of a decent tank if you choose to sacrifice all else .
I suggest reworking this ship entirely into something like a tiny version of the Claymore , skipping the projectile turrets all together and switch the focus solely on rockets with a secondary bonus to active shield boosters .
This change would also provide a nice progression from the Breacher .
The new bonuses would be 5 % missile rate of fire and 7.5 % shield boost per level of Minmatar Frigates and 5 % missile damage plus 5 % explosion velocity per level of Assault Frigate skill . This would give it more DPS than the Hawk for non-kinetic damage types but less for kinetic .
The whole slot layout also needs to be changed in order to give the ship 4 launcher slots and keeping the utility high . Ideally I would like to see the ship at a 5H 4M 3L layout .
IN CLOSING
Thanks to Suitonia for the awesome discussion regarding these ships . I hope CCP can find time to balance this long forgotten class of ships that is actually quite fun to fly and provides some extra firepower compared to their T1 counterparts .
Did you enjoy this article ? Please consider supporting Crossing Zebras .
Invoking an old law established in 1953 , President Barack Obama has issued a wide-sweeping decree which will permanently block drilling across more than 115 million acres in the Arctic and Atlantic ocean , a major win for the environment .
Though many may fear incoming President-elect Trump , thanks to the established rules , President-elect Trump will not be able to repeal this decision without significant difficulty .
The law from 1953 contains a provision which would allow a president to withdraw any currently unleased lands in the Outer Continental Shelf for future sales or leases . Using this provision , the POTUS has removed specific lands from being able to be leased to anyone – in this case , oil companies who wish to drill the area for oil .
According to President Obama :
“ [ T ] he bulk of our Arctic water and certain areas in the Atlantic Ocean [ have been designated ] as indefinitely off limits to future oil and gas leasing . ”
This is especially significant as we face an incoming president who has stacked their cabinet with oil barons and corporate sell-outs . Trump themselves has made it clear that they want to vastly expand the U.S. 's fossil fuel drilling and even reinvigorate the polluting coal industry .
While President Obama has failed to do so many other things to Trump-proof the White House , this major step forward is an environmental Godsend .
You can read more about this significant environmental triumph at CBNC .
HOUSTON — The Houston city council has delayed a vote on whether to approve an ordinance consolidating its bans on discrimination based on sex , race , age and religion , and expand anti-bias protections for gay and transgender residents .
Houston already has various ordinances and orders that prohibit discrimination in the areas of housing and city employment and services .
But officials say Houston is the only major metropolitan city in the country that does not prohibit discrimination by businesses like restaurants , bars and hotels .
The proposed ordinance would also add protections against workplace discrimination by private employers with 50 or more workers based on sexual orientation or gender identity .
The council decided Wednesday to delay a vote on the measure until next week to review various amendments to the ordinance .
© 2014 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
Getty Images
Over the next few months , you will probably start hearing about an “ Article V ” convention , or a “ Convention of States , ” or a “ constitutional convention ” — a discussion bubbling up from the depths of the deplore-o-sphere , where all the nation 's worst ideas come from .
We have not had a constitutional convention of any sort since 1787 , a date of sufficient distance relative to our short-lived country that the idea might seem too far-fetched to even flag for criticism . The Framers ' lack of attention to detail on the matter suggests that even they did n't take the possibility of it happening very seriously .
Even a couple of years ago , the prospect of a constitutional convention seemed the stuff of Alex Jones monologues ( Jones has , of course , endorsed the idea ) . But these days , Jones 's network has a White House press pass and the ear of the president himself . We are so far on the other side of the looking glass that improbable events might be closer than they appear .
This convention is essentially a push to reconsider the fundamentals of the nation 's founding document . The proposal for it is supported by the same matrix of power and money that inflated the tea party into a national force . It 's not even a different version of the tea party coalition . The Convention of States movement features the exact same cast of characters : the Koch brothers , Glenn Beck , the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) , and — as of this week — Jim DeMint , former South Carolina senator and recent head of the conservative think tank The Heritage Foundation . They were forced out at The Heritage Foundation because its board thought they were too focused on electoral politics and not serious enough about conservative ideas or policy .
That might tell you all you need to know about the idea : Whatever it is , it 's not about conservatism . An Article V convention would be a means to an end . What end ? Well , DeMint explained their decision to join the Convention of States campaign with laudable transparency : “ The Tea Party needs a new mission . They realize that all the work they did in 2010 has not resulted in all the things they hoped for . ”
A convention of states would be an end run around Donald Trump 's legislative incompetence , but it 's born from the same impulse that elected him : the fracturing of political norms and a desire to shore up white supremacy by any means necessary .
As a matter of historical record , an Article V convention is based on the never-used constitutional provision that allows for states to call a convention for the purpose of proposing amendments if two-thirds — or 34 , as of now — of state legislatures pass resolutions in favor of such a convention . Right now , backers of a convention say that 28 states have resolutions of some kind in place . ( Though it 's worth noting that because the resolutions are not identical , and some date back to the 1980s , no one knows for sure what the real count toward a convention is . )
Imagine that significant procedural mystery is cleared up . Fine . What sorts of amendments might be on the agenda ? Well , here we ca n't claim surprise that a process centered on empowering “ states ' rights ” tracks with every other past movement that has waxed nostalgic for a weak federal government ; “ states ' rights ” is almost always synonymous with the rollback of people 's rights , and this somewhat more convoluted version of the legal argument is no different .
In some arguments for a convention of states , this retrograde desire for oppression is obvious . DeMint 's organization cites the reversal of the Obergefell case , the Supreme Court 's same-sex marriage decision , as one reason to call a convention . The Arkansas Senate 's resolution calling for an Article V convention involves two amendments : one that defines marriage as “ between a man and a woman , ” and one declaring that life begins at conception . Just because some proposed resolutions do n't explicitly target civil rights — and instead talk about limiting the jurisdiction of the federal government — does n't mean they are any less threatening to the pursuit of social justice in this country . What do you think would happen in Texas if , as their pro–Article V governor has suggested , the Constitution were amended to allow states to overturn Supreme Court decisions ?
Some Article V resolutions avoid this controversy by citing only a desire for a balanced-budget amendment , but those are not exactly neutral tools , either . The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities has discussed in detail how a constitutionally determined balanced budget would wind up hurting the already vulnerable , but I can make it pretty simple : In an economic downturn , the federal government would be forced to make budget cuts to social programs ( as they make up the bulk of government spending ) ; without government assistance , poor and unemployed people would have even less money to spend , further shrinking the economy — and triggering further cuts to government programs .
The utmost danger of an Article V convention premised on a balanced-budget amendment is that there 's absolutely no guarantee that such a convention could be constrained by the resolutions submitted by the states . A “ runaway convention , '' as it 's called , could take on any amendment introduced there , whether suggested in state resolutions or not .
But Harvard Law professor Laurence Tribe has cheekily pointed out that a “ runaway ” convention is only possible if you have some sense of what a constrained convention might be . A constitutional convention is legally uncharted territory . Once convened , there are no laws to govern how it would proceed . There 's no guidance for whom the delegates might be , or how many . Would the states be equally represented , or would it be proportional ? Some combination ? Imagine : the Electoral College , but for constitutional amendments . What could go wrong ?
What 's more , there 's no guarantee that the proceedings would be public or transparent in any way — which seems to be exactly what the backers of the idea like about it . From ALEC 's own FAQ for state legislators interested in passing Article V resolutions :
Will demonstrators be allowed and/or controlled [ “ controlled ” ! ] outside the convention hall ? Inside the convention hall , convention rules control .
One Wisconsin state representative reflected the idea more bluntly . After expressing concerns about public support for a convention , they were told : “ You really do n't need people to do this . You just need control over the legislature and you need money , and we have both . ”
Microsoft is in full hype train mode on the Xbox One X following the console 's worldwide reveal during E3 2017 . The console 's power and upgrades on existing games have been well documented , but now Microsoft 's Head of Xbox Operations Dave McCarthy is comparing the console with a `` premium PC experience . ''
In speaking with MCVUK , McCarthy kept the hype train rolling :
The way we look at it , choice feels like the right principle right now . There are consumers that really want to balance price against capabilities . But there will always be customers in your segment of gamers that want the best of the best , and I think that up until now the PC space was really the only place they could go to get that . They now have the ability to get that in the console space . We 're all about the developer choice there overall . Different developers are going to choose to do different things for different game formats . But the good news is that the Xbox One SDK that everyone writes to will be able to handle that variation . You do n't need a unique version for Xbox One X . It 's just going to know if I 'm running a One X , will take advantage of it and going to feel like a premium PC experience overall .
McCarthy is certainly right about the idea of `` segment of gamers that want the best of the best , '' which is something of a mentality that has evolved to become more prominent over the last several years with smartphones . The idea of having a `` premium '' offering always gives the consumer something to chase , while still utilizing the platform of their choice through the cheaper offerings .
As far as being a `` premium PC experience , '' that 's not what you would call a long-term outlook . What the PC Gaming space defines as `` premium '' changes quickly with iterations and new video cards releasing at a pace that consoles simply ca n't match at the moment .
Xbox One X releases this Fall on November 7th , 2017 .
Source : [ MCVUK via WCCFTech ]
Kate and William about to leave for their secret honeymoon . John Stillwell/WPA Pool/Getty Images
The INSIDER Summary :
The first usage of the word `` honeymoon '' is from 1546 .
It 's totally unconnected to today 's meaning — a vacation after your wedding .
It first took on its current meaning in a 1592 literary hoax document .
It took another 200 years for it to catch on .
After getting married , couples tend to take a vacation . Honeymoons are a way for couples to focus on spending time with each other , leaving the rest of the world behind .
But why on Earth is it called a `` honeymoon '' ? What exactly does it have to do with honey and moons ? And when did this whole tradition start , anyway ?
The best place to look is the Oxford English Dictionary , which tracks how words have been used over the centuries . The history of the word `` honeymoon , '' it turns out , is at the end of an etymological rabbit hole .
At first , it did n't even necessarily refer to a vacation .
The origin of the word is shrouded in a mysterious literary hoax .
The first use of the phrase was n't exactly connected to the word 's current usage . It appears in a volume titled ( get ready for this ) : `` A dialogue conteinyng the nomber in effect of all the prouerbes in the englishe tongue compacte in a matter concernyng two maner of mariages , made and set foorth , '' published in 1546 and written by the playwright and poet John Heywood , according to the Oxford English Dictionary .
It 's in a poem where the speaker talks about love and art , where Heywood uses the phrase `` it was yet but hony moone '' to signal a feeling of merryment .
A honeymoon in Paris . AP Photo/Christophe Ena
The next usage of `` honeymoon , '' in 1592 , is more precisely attuned to how we use the word `` honeymoon '' today . But it appeared in a very strange document that may have been a literary hoax .
Robert Greene , another British dramatist , is most famous for the publication attributed to them right after they died , in 1592 . Ostensibly , their last work was `` Greenes , Groats-worth of Witte , bought with a million of Repentance , '' a semiautobiographical tract about the importance of living a moral life . It was a sensation in the London world of letters at the time , partly for including a thinly veiled attack on the works of William Shakespeare . ( That you 've heard of Shakespeare but probably have n't heard of Greene is enough to settle the dispute . )
But there 's a cloud of uncertainty around the book . It 's not clear if Greene wrote the whole thing himself , or if it 's partly the work of their fellow writer Henry Chettle . To make matters even more confusing , a slew of other semiautobiograohical tracts of Robert Greene 's life and death appeared , all claiming to be written by Greene himself .
A couple celebrating the first day of their honeymoon at the Kentucky Wildcats game against the South Carolina . Andy Lyons/Getty Images
One of these works , according to the Oxford English Dictionary , is the source of the contemporary use of `` honeymoon . '' It 's in a version of Greene 's death story titled `` Greene 's Vision : Written at the instant of their death . Conteyning a penitent passion for the folly of their Pen . ''
In the narrative , the word appears after two people get married . `` To be bréefe , they were marryed : well that daye was past with dauncing and Honney moone it was for a mo­neth after . '' In other words , two people got married and then spent time with each other for a month .
The usage explains what the word actually means . `` Honey , '' because it 's a sweet period of time . And `` moon '' because it takes a month for the moon to wane and wax anew . It also alludes to love waning steadily , as the moon does , according to the Oxford English Dictionary .
The subsequent uses of the word `` honeymoon '' all basically translate to `` a happy period of time following a marriage . ''
The Maldives are an increasingly popular spot for honeymooners from China . Giulio Di Sturco/Getty Images
By the end of the 1500s , the word also referred to a similar experience in a political context , meaning a short-lived period of goodwill that exists before a relationship turns bad . Take , for example , a series of lectures about British statesmen by Goldwin Smith from 1867 , where they refer to `` the brief honeymoon of the new king and their parliament , '' a moment before Parlimentarian John Pym had n't yet decided that Charles I should be arrested .
It was n't for another 200 years that the honeymoon became a vacation .
The word started referring to a deliberate vacation only in 1791 .
That usage first appears in a collection of German folk stories by Johann Karl August Musäus , translated by Thomas Beddoes , according to the Oxford English dictionary .
`` The new-married couple spent their honey-moon in Augspurg , in mutual happiness and innocent enjoyments , like the first human pair in the garden of Eden , '' the sentence goes .
Snorkeling in the Great Barrier Reef . Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images
The first native-English usage appeared in 1804 , according to the dictionary , in another story collection , this one published in London and written by Maria Edgeworth .
`` Mr. and Mrs. Ludgate went down in the hoy to Margate , to spend their honey-moon in style , '' they write .
From then on , the usage of the word meant what it means today . By 1821 , it acquired a verb form — `` honeymooning '' — and the noun even managed to grab a few other words that were commonly used alongside it , forming common phrases like `` honeymoon couple , '' `` honeymoon period , '' and `` honeymoon suite . ''
`` Honeymoon , '' like many words in the English language , has a surprising heritage . This one took 200 years to mean exactly what it does today .
President Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri in the Rose Garden at the White House on Tuesday , July 25 . ( Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post )
Before they entered politics , two words defined Donald Trump in the public imagination : “ You 're fired ! ”
But now that they are president , that simple phrase is one Trump ca n't quite bring themselves to utter .
On Tuesday , after a week of repeatedly humiliating their attorney general , Jeff Sessions , in both tweets and media interviews , Trump again refused to say , definitively , just what it would take for them to fire a man they have described on Twitter as “ beleaguered ” and “ VERY weak . ”
“ I 'm very disappointed with the attorney general , but we will see what happens , ” Trump said when pressed by reporters in a Rose Garden news conference about why they have not just fired Sessions . “ Time will tell . Time will tell . ”
With Sessions — as with other administration staffers who have fallen out of favor — the president has taken a passive-aggressive approach , preferring to demean , diminish and demoralize subordinates as a way of making their displeasure known .
( The Washington Post )
“ Presidents have people in their Cabinet they 're less than enamored with , but they do n't go out in public and demean them , denounce them , ” said Robert Dallek , a presidential historian . “ They do things with a certain decorum , and this man lacks presidential decorum . They are so vulgar in the way they proceed and is so lacking in good taste . ”
[ Trump renews Twitter attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions ]
The installation of wealthy Wall Street financier Anthony Scaramucci as their new communications director on Friday so far seems to have only heightened the 71-year-old president 's existing tendencies . Trump has an impulse for trash talk and public combat — but enough unease about actually dismissing staff that they often leaf it to others to handle the seminal moment .
When Trump fired James B. Comey as FBI director , for example , they dispatched their personal bodyguard , Keith Schiller , to FBI headquarters to deliver the message ; Comey , traveling in Los Angeles , learned of their termination through news reports .
“ This is how Trump tells people they need to move along , ” said an informal adviser in frequent touch with the White House , speaking anonymously to offer a candid assessment . “ Who wants to put themselves in a position where they 're going to be subjected to that ? ”
In the past week , Trump has savaged their attorney general on social media and to reporters , a cruel strategy designed , some White House officials said , to prompt Sessions to tender their resignation .
The president has frequently mused both publicly and privately — and in belittling fashion — about the fate of their aides , including White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and departing press secretary Sean Spicer . They hired Scaramucci over the vociferous objections of both men , a decision that prompted Spicer to announce their resignation and left Priebus more isolated . Many White House officials are now buzzing about what , if anything , might prompt Priebus to depart the West Wing before their stated goal of staying at least a year .
( Victoria Walker/The Washington Post )
But Dallek said the president still clearly struggles with the catchphrase that made them famous as a reality television star on “ The Apprentice . ”
“ He ca n't seem to fire them , but they do n't hesitate to abuse them publicly , ” Dallek said . Referring to last year 's campaign , they added , “ It 's like when all the women accused them of groping and so forth , they tried to demean them and say , ‘ We have evidence against them . ' But they never brought it forward . They never sued . ”
Trump also gave their new communications chief a broad mandate to overhaul their West Wing , with an emphasis on rooting out leakers , real and perceived . For months now , Trump has fumed about leaks of all kinds — from the serious , such as unauthorized disclosures of sensitive intelligence , to the more frivolous , including embarrassing revelations about White House machinations and feuding .
Scaramucci and their allies almost immediately began discussing a possible purge , circulating an informal list of press staffers whose jobs are in jeopardy — many of them Priebus loyalists .
[ New communications director moves toward possible staff purge at White House ]
On Tuesday , clad in blue-tinted aviator sunglasses , Scaramucci said they are willing to overhaul the entire press operation in an effort to plug the leaks that have so infuriated the president .
“ I 'm going to fire everybody , that 's how I 'm going to do it , ” Scaramucci said , offering a statement of broad authority more typically reserved for a chief of staff . “ You 're either going to stop leaking or you 're going to get fired . ”
The Trump White House is one in which loyalty is prized above almost all else but not necessarily returned , especially to staffers considered outside the president 's inner circle .
One former Trump adviser , speaking on the condition of anonymity to offer a candid assessment , said Trump is looking for “ original gangsters ” and “ wants people who will take bullets for him . ”
The first to leave the West Wing on Tuesday was senior assistant press secretary Michael Short , who resigned after a report emerged in Politico hours earlier saying that they would be fired in Scaramucci 's quest to uproot leakers . The White House did not produce any evidence , however , to show that Short had ever leaked damaging information .
And in a theatrical if disingenuous twist , Scaramucci — who confirmed Short 's ouster to Politico — told reporters moments later that the fact that the news had trickled out before anyone had personally talked to Short was yet another challenge they were trying to manage in Trump 's chaotic West Wing .
“ This is the problem with the leaking , which I really do n't like , ” Scaramucci said . “ Let 's say I 'm firing Michael Short today . The fact that you guys know about it before they do really upsets me as a human being and as a Roman Catholic , you got that ? So I should have the opportunity , if I have to let someone go , to let the person go in a very humane , dignified way . ”
[ Snubs and slights are part of the job in Trump 's White House ]
Because Trump has proved themselves so rarely willing to actually fire anyone , some staffers have weathered rocky periods simply by lowering their public profile and quietly remaining in the West Wing until their perceived misstep recedes from memory . Stephen K. Bannon , Trump 's senior strategist , was once likened to a terminally ill patient entering hospice care but has since at least partially resuscitated their stature within the White House .
Spicer , who resigned under contentious circumstances but plans to stay on through August , also was part of an odd tableau Tuesday . The departing press secretary looked cheerful and relaxed on the White House grounds , walking with former campaign aides Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie , taking photos with visitors and watching the Marine One helicopter take off from the South Lawn .
Asked about Scaramucci 's expected purge of more junior aides close to them and Priebus , Spicer told reporters that Scaramucci has the authority to remake the press team in their own image but defended the current staff .
“ Obviously I 'm very proud of the work that we 've done here , but he 's in charge now , ” Spicer said . “ I 'm proud of the people and the products and what we 've done . ”
In some ways , Trump-the-president is similar to Trump-the-reality-TV-star , at least according to Clay Aiken , a well-known contestant on “ American Idol ” who also appeared on “ Celebrity Apprentice ” in 2012 .
In an interview on the podcast of the News & Observer in Raleigh , N.C. , Aiken 's home town , they said that on “ Celebrity Apprentice , ” Trump left the tough work of terminating contestants to others — in this case , NBC executives and producers .
“ He did n't make those decisions , ” Aiken said . “ He did n't fire those people . ”
Jenna Johnson contributed to this report .
Courts in recent years have been raising the evidentiary bar law enforcement agents must meet in order to obtain historical cell phone records that reveal information about a target 's location . But documents obtained by civil liberties groups under Freedom of Information Act request suggest that `` triggerfish '' technology can be used to pinpoint cell phones without involving cell phone providers at all .
Triggerfish , also known as cell-site simulators or digital analyzers , are nothing new : the technology was used in the 1990s to hunt down renowned hacker Kevin Mitnick . By posing as a cell tower , triggerfish trick nearby cell phones into transmitting their serial numbers , phone numbers , and other data to law enforcement . Most previous descriptions of the technology , however , suggested that because of range limitations , triggerfish were only useful for zeroing in on a phone 's precise location once cooperative cell providers had given a general location .
This summer , however , the American Civil Liberties Union and Electronic Frontier Foundation sued the Justice Department , seeking documents related to the FBI 's cell-phone tracking practices . Since August , they 've received a stream of documents—the most recent batch on November 6—that were posted on the Internet last week . In a post on the progressive blog Daily Kos , ACLU spokesperson Rachel Myers drew attention to language in several of those documents implying that triggerfish have broader application than previously believed .
As one of the documents intended to provide guidance for DOJ employees explains , triggerfish can be deployed `` without the user knowing about it , and without involving the cell phone provider . '' That may be significant because the legal rulings requiring law enforcement to meet a high `` probable cause '' standard before acquiring cell location records have , thus far , pertained to requests for information from providers , pursuant to statutes such as the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ( CALEA ) and the Stored Communications Act .
The Justice Department 's electronic surveillance manual explicitly suggests that triggerfish may be used to avoid restrictions in statutes like CALEA that bar the use of pen register or trap-and-trace devices—which allow tracking of incoming and outgoing calls from a phone subject to much less stringent evidentiary standards—to gather location data . `` By its very terms , '' according to the manual , `` this prohibition applies only to information collected by a provider and not to information collected directly by law enforcement authorities.Thus , CALEA does not bar the use of pen/trap orders to authorize the use of cell phone tracking devices used to locate targeted cell phones . ''
Perhaps surprisingly , it 's only with the passage of the USA PATRIOT Act in 2001 that the government has needed any kind of court order to use triggerfish . While previously , the statutory language governing pen register or trap-and-trace orders did not appear to cover location tracking technology . Under the updated definition , these explicitly include any `` device or process which records or decodes dialing , routing , addressing , and signaling information . ''
The Manor of Northstead is a former medieval estate in North Yorkshire , England . The manor house no longer exists , and the land has since been redeveloped and forms part of modern-day Scarborough , in the area of Peasholm Park and Scarborough Open Air Theatre . The ancient title of the Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead persisted beyond the manor , however , being used since the 19th century as a sinecure post which plays a role in the procedure for effecting resignation from the British House of Commons .
Location and history [ edit ]
The Manor of Northstead consisted of a medieval manor house surrounded by fields and farms in the parish of Scalby in the North Riding of Yorkshire . [ 1 ] The estate originally bordered the northern side of the ancient boundary of the Borough of Scarborough , following the line of Peasholm Beck . The estate passed into the ownership of the Crown during the reign of King Richard III ( 1483–1485 ) . By 1600 , the manor house had fallen into disrepair , being latterly occupied by Sir Richard Cholmeley 's shepherd until it finally collapsed . [ 1 ] The land , but not the lordship of the manor , was bought from the Crown by the Scarborough Corporation in 1921 . [ 2 ] The estate has now been redeveloped , forming part of the Barrowcliff area of Scarborough . The site of the manor house is believed to have been covered by the lake in Peasholm Park , a municipal park opened in 1912 . [ 2 ]
Role in the resignation of MPs [ edit ]
By virtue of the fact that it became and was retained as a Lordship of the Crown beyond the sale and eventual disappearance of the estate , since the 19th century the post of Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead has played a role in the procedure for effecting resignation from the British House of Commons by Members of Parliament ( MPs ) . While no longer having any actual role or responsibility , it remains a nominal paid office of the Crown , appointment which is one of the things that by law disqualify an MP from the House . ( This principle goes back to the Act of Settlement 1701 , and is now regulated by the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 . Since 1624 MPs have not been permitted to resign their seats directly . ) While several such offices have been used for this purpose in the past , in the present day only two are used : the Northstead post and that of Crown Steward and Bailiff of the three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke , Desborough and Burnham . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Most references say that the Northstead post was first used in this way on 20 March 1844 to allow Sir George Henry Rose , Member for Christchurch , to resign their seat . But the official book recording appointments to the various Stewardships ( lodged in The National Archives under catalogue reference E 197/1 [ 3 ] ) indicates that Patrick Chalmers , MP for Montrose Burghs , was appointed Steward of the Manor of Northstead on 6 April 1842 . The writ of election for a replacement was moved as if Chalmers had been appointed to the Chiltern Hundreds . [ 4 ]
Appointments to the posts are made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Using two posts allows more than one MP to resign simultaneously , although more commonly , single resignations are effected by alternating appointments to the Northstead and Chiltern Hundreds offices . One of the most recent MPs to be appointed to the Northstead office was former Prime Minister David Cameron , who announced their decision to resign from their Parliamentary seat of Witney on 12 September 2016 . [ 5 ]
Appointment of Gerry Adams [ edit ]
Sinn Féin MP Gerry Adams was appointed to the post after announcing their intention to resign from the UK Parliament to stand in the 2011 Irish general election . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Adams denied that they had accepted the appointment , which would conflict with Sinn Féin 's longstanding policy of refusing to pledge allegiance to the British Crown . [ 8 ] It was later clarified in Parliament that Adams had not `` accepted '' the post , but had been appointed to it on announcing their desire to resign as an MP . [ 9 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
Ivanka Trump graced the cover of this week 's Us Weekly , but not with the headline many expected . Under the first daughter 's coy smile was the headline , `` Ivanka Takes a Stand : Why I Disagree with my Dad . ''
The article focused on the ways that Ivanka chooses their battles with their father , how they get their voice heard on issues that are important to her , and how frustrated they are , just like the rest of us , with the president 's short temper — but , as Fortune noted , did n't include an interview with them
Advertisement :
Of course , the people of the internet saw right through the daughter-in-chief 's facade , and have come up with a few alternative headlines .
Twitter has been busy firing back at Trump who , until recently , liberals felt would be their voice of reason in the White House . The headline has been garnering eye-rolls left and right , and people all over asking the same question : `` Really , Ivanka ? ''
And of course , Twitter did what it does best , and turned the `` Why I Disagree with my Dad '' headline into a delightful meme , featuring famous TV kids and their famously bad TV dads . People have been drawing inspiration from shows and movies like `` Game of Thrones '' , `` Get Out , '' `` Star Wars '' and more .
Aside from memes and jokes , some people have pointed out a bigger issue than the headline . As far as the magazine 's cover stories go , Ariana Grande and their emotional Manchester tribute concert seem to have taken second seat to their confession .
People were also quick to point out Us Weekly , which was formerly running with a `` save Melania '' angle , was recently purchased by pro-Trump media organization American Media Inc. , which publishes The National Enquirer .
No word yet from Ivanka on the new meme .
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton dodged a question about their integrity and their Wall Street donations ( an issue raised by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ) with a simple diversion that brought out a huge applause line . In the course of explaining their donations , they noted with pride that the majority of their donors are women .
It 's true that at least 52 percent of Clinton 's donors are women ( her campaign claims 60 percent ) . Even so , that 's not an answer to the question they were asked , nor is it even an insight into how popular they are with women .
Although a majority of their donors are women , Clinton has not polled substantially better with women than other Democratic candidates . Between May and September , Clinton 's support among women dropped 29 points . It 's not just that they have been drawing only 42 percent of the female vote in Democratic primary polls , but also that — before they opted not to run — Vice President Joe Biden was actually doing as well or better than Clinton with women voters in matchups against Republicans .
Clinton was trying to redirect criticism from Bernie Sanders of their disproportionate amount of Wall Street donations .
`` I have never heard a candidate never , who has received huge amounts of money from oil , from coal , from Wall Street , from the military industrial complex , not one candidate say , oh , these campaign contributions will not influence me , '' Sanders said . `` I 'm going to be independent . Well , why do they make millions of dollars of campaign contributions ? They expect to get something . ''
Nothing in Clinton 's response , even beyond their reminder about women donors , actually provided an answer to whether they were bought and paid for by Wall Street .
`` So , I represented New York , and I represented New York on 9/11 when we were attacked , '' Clinton said , oddly . `` Where were we attacked ? We were attacked in downtown Manhattan where Wall Street is . I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild . That was good for New York . It was good for the economy and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country . ''
They also discussed reinstating Glass-Steagall , which was repealed under their husband . They again claimed they would be tough on all those people sending their money from Wall Street .
Single women in their 40s and 50s are increasingly feeling that their love lives are over as men their own age use online dating to cherry-pick younger models . But when did confidence and sexual maturity become so unattractive ?
When a divorced woman on `` the wrong side of 45 with a brace of kids '' began to write about their experiences of being single last week , they opened their blog with the extraordinary statement that they were in `` relationship no man 's land '' , condemned to be alone for the rest of their life .
`` I am , '' they wrote , `` a plankton on the food chain of sexuality and the prospect of a relationship . ''
The anonymous woman , whose blog is called The Plankton , is not alone in believing that there are problems specific to being a single woman in middle age . A survey this month found eight out of 10 women over 50 think they have become invisible to men . Seven out of 10 women in the study felt overlooked by the fashion industry , while three-quarters of women in their 60s believed they had lost their identity by being labelled as a `` mum '' .
Women and men are living longer and fitter lives ; the average age at which we divorce is rising – 41 now for women and 43 for men – and the number of single parents is projected to rise to 1.9 million over the next decade . There is a new demographic of confident and experienced women , at their sexual peak as far as science is concerned , who would like to find a partner .
But life , friendship and love for the single woman in their mid-40s and beyond has its own particular complications and sorrows .
Susan Quilliam , a relationships expert and agony aunt , said that some women were suffering `` terribly '' .
`` On dating sites men have the pickup and down the age range . They are also much more in a rush to get into a new relationship and are much less likely to give someone a second chance , which may seem callous but they are much more likely to fall in love quickly . For men , it 's a case of you fulfil the criteria , let 's buy the double duvet .
`` Women are more cautious . It 's a shame men aim for the younger age range because women of 45 and 55 are arguably much more sexually mature and able to give a lot more pleasure than , say , a woman of 25 . ''
The author of the Plankton blog sums up the emotional aftermath of their divorce in bleak fashion : `` I may live till I am 90 , but a sort of death has already come . I am already in a wilderness – maybe [ facing ] my time again , over 40 years , it 's possible , but with no one . ''
They point to a passage in the book Intimacy by Hanif Kureshi , when their narrator briefly considers the fate of the woman they are leaving : `` A lone middle-aged woman with kids does n't have much cachet . They will , unfortunately , become the recipient of sympathy . At dinner parties divorced men will be placed next to her . ''
But according to many singles , even getting invited to the dinner party can be tricky when people tend to socialise with other couples as they get older and settled into marriages and parenthood .
Katie Sheppard , the director of relationships at Match.com , said online dating was now the second most common way couples met across the UK – behind being introduced by friends or family – and for older people it can be a perfect way to `` dip a toe back into dating '' .
Its research shows that dating is , especially for divorced women , fraught with complication , anxiety and worry . Looking for second-time love when children are a first priority is a challenge . Nicola Lamond , Netmums spokesperson and mother , said : `` Being a single parent can be pretty tough . Single parents describe themselves as lonely , isolated , vulnerable and worthless . There is a real sense their world has shrunk . ''
Trying to meet people in bars and clubs can feel like a younger person 's game , especially when you need a single friend and a babysitter to get there .
But nor does everyone feel that they will find love on the web .
Susan Broom is a bubbly woman with a ready laugh who is 48 , single , and has now given up actively looking for a man , certainly online , and is not afraid to admit that they do feel the sadness of that .
`` I gave up internet dating when I realised it was only older men who were contacting me , which does n't really interest me . I prefer men of my own age . But a lot of those men my age are only looking at women in their 20s or 30s .
`` It can be a full-time occupation when you have to really fight to meet the sort of men that are worth meeting because they are the ones refusing to look at you as a potential date . Because of its 'anything is possible ' , 'sweet-shop ' appeal , online dating just encourages men to cherry-pick their ideal – usually younger – mate . Which is depressing if you 're a woman of a certain age . ''
Studies across all cultures and nations have shown a consistent trend for men to have younger partners . An unhappy pattern for 45-plus women who want a new partner .
`` I do feel it 's not really talked about very openly , '' said Broom . `` There are a lot of women out there who are in their late 40s and early 50s who do n't have children , but would happily have had them if they 'd met the right person . It 's an invisible band of women , they do n't complain and they just get on with their lives , but actually it 's tough for them .
`` I have a very antisocial job , baking cakes , and even when I 'm out selling at farmers ' markets I talk to lots of lovely men , with their lovely wives and children beside them . It 's hard to meet people , especially in London .
`` It 's even harder once you 're past a certain age . I 'd like to try to set something up for the single people in my area , I know they are out there . A physical event where people actually meet instead of everybody finding online dating a bit of a letdown and just staying home feeling sorry for themselves . ''
Women also report losing friends because of the differences between single and attached lives . `` As your friends settle down and have kids you can feel quite ostracised , '' said Broom . `` Last year I had a partner for about nine months or so , and during that time I noticed how I got invited to dinner parties again .
`` People really want couples round for dinner . So it 's tough because you also have to get out there and find a new bunch of female mates too , and , of course , they end up being younger than you , and then you worry about going out with them and they 'll be getting chatted up and you wo n't !
`` I 'm a bit burnt out with the whole dating thing right now , but I would like to see the issue being talked about a lot more . And in a real way – not just in a 'singledom rocks ' way . Because quite often it really does n't . ''
There are rewards , however , for remaining single , says Kate Grussing , the founder of the management consultancy firm Sapphire Partners , who believes single , childless women in their 40s and 50s have huge advantages at work .
`` They 're in a really strong position . They have proved themselves , they are good at what they do and at the top of their game .
`` Women are more loyal to a company than men , they do n't follow the biggest pay cheque and companies are starting to wake up to that and to develop and look after this kind of women . And they will have got where they are in their careers by juggling far fewer balls on the way up . ''
When actor Lynda Bellingham , 62 , met their third husband , Michael Pattemore , in 2008 they assumed `` he would n't fancy me '' . They said : `` Reaching 50 really does change the way you 're regarded by society . Reaching my 50s was an unsettling time , and I felt that my romantic life was over . ''
And that kind of assumption is something which holds a lot of women back , claims Julia Macmillan . They are on a mission to help women to tackle their 40-something love drought by doing what men do – going younger .
Macmillan , 49 , has set up toyboywarehouse.com . Younger men are nowadays desperate to meet older women , they claim , and they have more men than women looking for love on their site .
`` We have 26,000 members and growing , and 70 % are men . Our battle is to change women 's mindset and get women to believe that there are younger men who want what they are , experienced , strong-willed , confident . Men in their mid-40s slow down , women are dynamic and full of energy . We need to match that energy .
`` We 've found that our most successful age gap is around 10 to 15 years , although we only specify a minimum of one year . We have a lot of happy matches . ''
I went to a fashionable London nightclub on Saturday . Not the sort of sentence I get to write very often , because I enjoy nightclubs less than I enjoy eating wool . But a glamorous friend of mine was there to `` do a PA '' , and she 'd invited me and some curious friends along because we wanted to see precisely what `` doing a PA '' consists of . Turns out doing a public appearance largely entails sitting around drinking free champagne and generally just `` being there '' .
Obviously , at 36 , I was more than a decade older than almost everyone else , and subsequently may as well have been smeared head to toe with pus . People regarded me with a combination of pity and disgust . To complete the circuit , I spent the night wearing the expression of a man waking up to Christmas in a prison cell .
`` I 'm too old to enjoy this , '' I thought . And then remembered I 've always felt this way about clubs . And I mean all clubs - from the cheesiest downmarket sickbucket to the coolest cutting-edge hark-at-us poncehole . I hated them when I was 19 and I hate them today . I just do n't have to pretend any more .
I 'm convinced no one actually likes clubs . It 's a conspiracy . We 've been told they 're cool and fun ; that only `` saddoes '' dislike them . And no one in our pathetic little pre-apocalyptic timebubble wants to be labelled `` sad '' - it 's like being officially declared worthless by the state . So we muster a grin and go out on the town in our millions .
Clubs are despicable . Cramped , overpriced furnaces with sticky walls and the latest idiot theme tunes thumping through the humid air so loud you ca n't hold a conversation , just bellow inanities at megaphone-level . And since the smoking ban , the masking aroma of cigarette smoke has been replaced by the overbearing stench of crotch sweat and hair wax .
Clubs are such insufferable dungeons of misery , the inmates have to take mood-altering substances to make their ordeal seem halfway tolerable . This leads them to believe they `` enjoy '' clubbing . They do n't . No one does . They just enjoy drugs .
Drugs render location meaningless . Neck enough ketamine and you could have the best night of your life squatting in a shed rolling corks across the floor . And no one 's going to search you on the way in . Why bother with clubs ?
`` Because you might get a shag , '' is the usual response . Really ? If that 's the only way you can find a partner - preening and jigging about like a desperate animal - you should n't be attempting to breed in the first place . What 's your next trick ? Inventing fire ? People like you are going to spin civilisation into reverse . You 're a moron , and so is that haircut you 're trying to impress . Any offspring you eventually blast out should be drowned in a pan before they can do any harm . Or open any more nightclubs .
Even if you somehow avoid reproducing , is n't it a lot of hard work for very little reward ? Seven hours hopping about in a hellish , reverberating bunker in exchange for sharing 64 febrile , panting pelvic thrusts with someone who 'll snore and dribble into your pillow till 11 o'clock in the morning , before waking up beside you with their hair in a mess , blinking like a dizzy cat and smelling vaguely like a ham baguette ? Really , why bother ? Why not just stay at home punching yourself in the face ? Invite a few friends round and make a night of it . It 'll be more fun than a club .
Anyway , back to Saturday night , and apart from the age gap , two other things stuck me . Firstly , everyone had clearly spent far too long perfecting their appearance . I used to feel intimidated by people like this ; now I see them as walking insecurity beacons , slaves to the perceived judgment of others , trapped within a self- perpetuating circle of crushing status anxiety . I 'd still secretly like to be them , of course , but at least these days I can temporarily erect a veneer of defensive , sneering superiority . I 've progressed that far .
The second thing that struck me was frightening . They were all photographing themselves . In fact , that 's all they seemed to be doing . Standing around in expensive clothes , snapping away with phones and cameras . One pose after another , as though they needed to prove their own existence , right there , in the moment . Crucially , this seemed to be the reason they were there in the first place . There was very little dancing . Just pouting and flashbulbs .
Surely this is a new development . Clubs have always been vapid and awful and boring and blah - but I ca n't remember clubbers documenting their every moment before . Not to this demented extent . It 's not enough to pretend you 're having fun in the club any more - you 've got to pretend you 're having fun in your Flickr gallery , and your friends ' Flickr galleries . An unending exhibition in which a million terrified , try-too-hard imbeciles attempt to out-cool each other .
Mind you , since in about 20 years ' time these same people will be standing waist-deep in skeletons , in an arid post-nuclear wasteland , clubbing each other to death in a fight for the last remaining glass of water , perhaps they 're wise to enjoy these carefree moments while they last . Even if they 're only pretending .
· This week Charlie shook their head in tearful dismay at Sally Morgan : Star Psychic on ITV1 : `` If the TV networks want to 'regain trust with the viewer ' , why gleefully promote the kind of bogus supernatural bullshit a stunned foetus could see through ? '' They watched the preview trailer for the second part of R Kelly 's Trapped in the Closet : `` I 'm impatiently counting the seconds . ''
district0x Quarterly Report - Q3 2017
A summary of events and financials from the most recent quarter
Joe Urgo Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 11 , 2017
As part of our Transparency Policy , designed to provide our supporters with an open view into our inner workings , we have committed to publishing a quarterly report which provides an overview of project activity and a glimpse into our financials every 3 months . Today we share the first of our quarterly reports , taking a look back at events that have occurred since July 1st .
This document and all future quarterly updates will be available in perpetuity on our Transparency page . By publishing these reports , we hope to lead by example and set a precedent for regular disclosures by community funded projects . I believe that we are capable of regulating ourselves as a community for the brief period that we need to do so until projects like Aragon provide us with tools to enforce responsible actions in a decentralized , trust-less fashion .
All good Catholics are well aware that the Pope walks this sinful Earth safe in the knowledge that they have robust heavenly backup . More literal-minded believers might contend that such support , in the event of any worldly dispute turning ugly , could easily include unsleeping winged guardians that do not age or die as mortals do .
This has now been confirmed to be absolutely true on occasion , with the news that the Holy Father was watched over by an unmanned air vehicle ( UAV ) - a winged flying robot - during a recent visit to Lourdes .
Proverbs 23:5 * in action . Pic credit : EADS
Pope Benedict XVI reportedly told the assembled faithful at the shrine that people must accept death `` at the hour chosen by God '' .
It was clear , however , that the temporal overlords of France would not be above jogging Their elbow a little in the event of any disrespect being offered to Christ 's Earthly vicar on their watch .
Aviation Week reports that Eagle-1 SIDM autonomous surveillance platforms orbited on high above Lourdes , providing what is often profanely referred to in military circles as the `` god 's eye view '' of the surrounding terrain - and the ability to call down terrifying hammerblows of destruction from the skies using laser target-designation systems . Batteries of Crotale air-defence missiles were also on standby in the event of any impious intrusion being mounted into the Supreme Pontiff 's heavenly exclusion zone .
Military theology buffs no doubt found material for knotty debate in the fact that the Eagle-1 genuinely comes from the Holy Land , being manufactured by Israel Aircraft Industries . However , the modern French military is avowedly secular rather than seeing itself - as its more prominent members have in the past - as the literal Sword of God .
In the event the papal visit passed off without incident , and the temporal angels of death were n't called upon to do more than watch . ®
Bootnote
* Wilt thou set thine eyes upon that which is not ? for riches certainly make themselves wings ; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven .
IMPROVEMENTS :
An Offline Raid Protection option has been added to the server settings ( ca n't raid a base when player is offline ) .
A Building Decay option has been added to the server settings ( Auto decay of the player 's constructions after X days offline ) .
A Loot Ratio option has been added to the server settings ( Boxes & Scraps independantly ) .
The servers can now be protected by a password .
Rcon refactored ( using udp ) .
You can now find a very basic rcon client in the installation folder of the game server .
The items you collect are now transfered to the inside of your inventory ( if enough space ) instead of the tool bar .
Added Floating Platforms Snappers to the sides of the Shipyard .
Game map automatically loaded when joining a server ( survival / battle ) .
The ballistic algorithm now considers the movement of the player when they fire .
Console commands refactored .
Admin Console Command : shutdown { minutes }
Admin Console Command : give kit ammo
Admin Console Command : playerinfo { player }
Admin Console Command : playeritems { player }
Admin Console Command : player { health | satiety }
Partial french translation .
More accurate building hints .
CPU usage optimized .
CHANGES :
FIXED : The HUD and Map markers of the other players are no longer always displayed .
FIXED : The Half-Walls can now be built on top of Windowed-Walls And Doorways .
FIXED : The building collision check of the Shipyard , Small Shipyard and Tower are no longer triggered for no apparent reason .
FIXED : The Map marker position of the new clan members is now displayed correctly .
FIXED : The Selected server in the server list is now highlighten .
FIXED : The server command line arguments [ password ] , [ admin_password ] and [ rcon_password ] does not conflict anymore .
FIXED : The [ die ] console command can not be used when the player is already dead .
FIXED : The furnace now does n't stop unexpectedly when using wood planks .
BALANCE : Fishing is more difficult .
ADDITIONAL NOTES :
The servers have to be updated as well !
[ trello.com ]
[ trello.com ]
Hello everybody , I m glad to say that the development is picking up some speed again.We are currently trying to improve the stability and performances of the game before adding more content.This update will be the first of a long serie , there is a lot of work to do and if you want to help us to debug the next updates , Metos will always make the latest experimental version available on the TestBranch.Here is the list of the notable modifications that come with the version 0.10.11 ! Remember you can follow the development and take part of it on the Trello and Debug Trello pages .
During the protracted takeover battle last spring and summer , many of them expressed concern that Mr. Murdoch would shape The Journal 's news pages to promote their own business and political interests — a News Corporation practice that The Journal itself documented in a long article — or simply cheapen the august paper .
But Mr. Murdoch also pledged to open the purse strings to expand The Journal 's reach , a prospect many people welcome at a newspaper with years of stagnant advertising revenue . Already , The Journal has offered significant raises to journalists it wants to hire and to some who were considering leaving the paper , with Mr. Murdoch calling some reporters personally to ask them to stay .
Mr. Murdoch has said that they wanted The Journal to step up its coverage of politics and national and international affairs , making it a more direct competitor to The New York Times . They have lobbied for more hard news and more succinct articles — a marked shift in tone for a newspaper whose signatures include long , often quirky news features that start on the front page .
There has even been talk of a front page with articles short enough to start and end there rather than continuing on inside pages , and of taking the words “ Wall Street ” out of the paper 's name to give it broader appeal , according to people who have been briefed on the matter . Both ideas were quickly dismissed , but the fact that they were raised even semiseriously shows how unconstrained by tradition the new owner is , these people said .
“ This kind of decisiveness and moving rapidly , not just at the top but deep into the organization , is unusual in media takeovers , ” said Louis Ureneck , chairperson of the journalism department at Boston University . “ There tends to be some patience about getting to know the operation and making a smooth transition . But he 's operating like a young man who 's bought a sports car and ca n't wait to hop in and drive it around . ”
None of that should be surprising from Mr. Murdoch , who is known for being sure of what they want to do with each of their many properties — often molding them to reflect their own views and wasting no time in doing it . Their habit of detailed , personal control contrasts starkly with decades of hands-off ownership by the Bancroft family , which viewed almost any involvement as unethical meddling .
The takeover puts vast resources behind a newspaper that is marginally profitable at best , in part because it has defied the industry trends of cutting staff and circulation . The News Corporation has $ 29 billion in annual revenue compared with $ 2 billion for Dow Jones , and Mr. Murdoch has shown repeatedly that they are willing to invest in their properties — even to take heavy losses on some of them — in order to win audiences and advertisers away from their competitors .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
With a bodyguard and their longtime secretary in tow — as well as the occasional News Corporation executive — Mr. Murdoch has been a frequent presence in Dow Jones offices , meeting with executives , the editorial page editor of The Journal , Paul Gigot and , in the main newsroom two floors below , Marcus W. Brauchli , the managing editor .
In a handful of walks through the newsroom and a visit to The Journal 's printing plant in South Brunswick , N.J. , Mr. Murdoch , 76 , has revealed little about their intentions , employees say . But they add that at each stop , they have asked questions about their work and displayed an astonishing command of detail about what they do , from production schedules to running the presses .
There are already firm plans to eliminate The Journal 's Marketplace section , containing articles on business trends and technology , in the first half of next year , with a new section taking its place , according to people at Dow Jones and the News Corporation who have been briefed on the changes . The editor of Marketplace , Melinda Beck , recently left that post to write a column on health , and no replacement has been named .
Photo
There are also plans to replace dozens of the newsroom staff , while other personnel changes reflecting Mr. Murdoch 's priorities have already begun , including building up the Washington bureau and shopping for reporters and editors to hire away from The Journal 's competitors .
When the takeover battle was under way last spring and summer , some of The Journal 's reporters and editors accused Mr. Murdoch of shaping their company 's journalism to reflect their own interests . Such criticism became far more muted as the takeover approached . There is anxiety about changes , real or rumored , tempered by optimism .
“ I think there are a whole span of people who say , ‘ Hey , let 's see what they do , let 's give it a chance , ' ” said Byron Calame , a former deputy managing editor of The Journal who has also served as the public editor of The Times . “ The idea that there might be more assets , more resources put into the news-gathering gives some people hope . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Murdoch has acted like a man in a hurry since the end of July , when the controlling Bancroft family agreed to sell them Dow Jones for more than $ 5 billion . Days after the family 's decision , Mr. Murdoch had an office built for them in the 11th floor executive suite in the World Financial Center in Lower Manhattan where Dow Jones is headquartered .
Within weeks , teams of executives and managers from the two companies were meeting to compare advertising strategies , look for joint ventures and to debate the future of The Journal 's paid online subscription system , which Mr. Murdoch dislikes .
Indeed , Mr. Murdoch , who tends to muse out loud about big ideas that might be dropped later , told investors in Australia and one of their newspapers there that they would stop charging readers of The Journal 's online site , WSJ.com , but the statement came as a surprise to executives at both companies who later said they did not believe a final decision had been made .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
People close to top Dow Jones executives say that it has been made clear to them that they would be replaced almost immediately either to consolidate operations with the News Corporation or to put Murdoch loyalists in control , or both . The first confirmation came last week , when Dow Jones announced that Richard F. Zannino , the chief executive officer , and L. Gordon Crovitz , the publisher of The Journal , would leave their posts .
The Journal will dismiss two to three dozen people on its news staff of about 750 , probably through buyouts , officials at both companies say . The aim is not to reduce head count , which could actually increase , but to make room for a wave of hiring in areas Mr. Murdoch wants to expand and in some cases , simply to be rid of people .
Since last summer , at least 10 reporters and editors have left the paper , and some of their jobs remain vacant . Many more , concerned about the paper 's new direction , have reached out to other publications about job prospects .
A year from now the newspaper could have a large contingent of reporters and editors hired under Mr. Murdoch and not rooted in The Journal 's traditions . They would also be people who did not live through the anxious months when many newsroom employees opposed the takeover and questioned Mr. Murdoch 's journalistic ethics . “ It has the makings of a pretty big cultural shift , ” a veteran reporter said .
An agreement between Mr. Murdoch and the Bancrofts gives Mr. Brauchli , the top newsroom executive , total control over most of the newspaper 's content , and over newsroom hiring , firing and job assignments — at least in theory . But experts have predicted that with control of The Journal 's budget , Mr. Murdoch would eventually hold sway over the newsroom .
People who work with Mr. Brauchli say that some of the changes contemplated or under way might have occurred even without the takeover — including the recent appearance of more hard news and political news on the front page — and that in some areas they agree with Mr. Murdoch 's agenda . But they also concede that the future owner 's influence is powerful , their stamp unmistakable .
A number of Mr. Brauchli 's recent personnel moves align with the new priorities .
Several highly regarded reporters and editors are being relocated to The Journal 's bureau in Washington , including a new chief of the bureau , John Bussey . Gerald F. Seib 's column on Washington , Capitol Journal , is being revived .
The Journal has been hiring new reporters and has made lucrative offers to a number of prominent journalists at The Times and elsewhere , mostly unsuccessfully .
The Journal has lost some big names , like Henny Sender , a prominent reporter who went to The Financial Times . But so far , the departures do not amount to a large-scale defection .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ A lot of us are at least a little worried about what this place will become , ” said one veteran reporter at The Journal . “ But right now our attitude is , wait and see . ”
GUWAHATI : Assam governor PB Acharya on Saturday said “ Hindustan is for Hindus ” and that the name of a single Bangladeshi should not be in the updating of the National Register for Citizens ( NRC ) . Acharya made the comments during a book launch . They came in reply to a question on updating the NRC list and on the controversy surrounding the Centre 's notification of allowing religious minorities from Pakistan and Bangladesh fleeing persecution to seek shelter in India.Acharya added that Assam has nothing to fear about ‘ Hindu refugees ' from Bangladesh settling in the state and there is nothing wrong in Hindus from other countries taking shelter in India. “ Hindustan is for Hindus . There is nothing wrong with that . Hindus from different countries can stay here . They can not be outsiders . There is nothing to be feared about that . But how to accommodate them is a big question and we should think about that , ” they said.But they added , “ We should n't allow a single Bangladeshi to be included in the NRC list. ” Acharya also expressed concern over Assam and the northeast being in a ‘ danger zone ' because of threats from “ certain ideology ' groups . Though they did not say so explicitly , they made it amply clear that they implied to Islamic terror groups. “ The integrity of the country is at stake . The northeast is in a danger zone . Different ideological groups are posing a threat to our country . We should strive to save our integrity , ” said Acharya.He added that the ancient Hindu medicinal practice was looked down upon by the British regime and had lost its prominence under the Raj . “ There are people living in villages in India who still go for Ayurveda . They respect it . It was only during the British regime that Ayurveda lost its prominence to western medicine , ” they said .
The Blue Jays ' pitchers and catchers will report to Dunedin on Tuesday to undergo physical exams in preparation for the 2017 season . It will be Valentine 's Day , and fans will immediately renew their love affairs with baseball for yet another year .
Horsehide romantics will wax eloquently about the crack of the bat , the smell of freshly cut grass , the grounds crew 's early rituals , silently chalking lines and rolling out cages and screens . No , some things never change . But the biggest difference between spring training now and the first camp I attended with the Montreal Expos in 1978 in Daytona Beach , Fla. , is that these days , players report already in shape , ready to roll .
( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
Back in the day , maybe until free agency , players had to hold down off-season jobs to survive , living a winter like regular fans , eating too much , drinking too much and ignoring New Year 's resolutions to work out . Hey , is n't that what spring training is for ? So many major-leaguers at the time showed up to Florida or Arizona carrying 10 to 15 extra pounds , attempting to lose that excess bulk while also working on loosening arms or getting their timing at the plate , with a simple target of opening day .
Back in 1970 , the Expos ' second season , the Little General , take-no-prisoners-manager Gene Mauch , stared disapprovingly at starting catcher John Bateman on Day 1 in West Palm Beach and ordered them to drop 10 pounds , or else . Bateman 's ill-advised solution was to squeeze into a skin-diver 's rubber wetsuit and run laps for a week . Today , there 's not a trainer in sports that would allow that .
Fast forward to spring training 47 years later and , in addition to 10 more MLB teams in existence , most players could list their off-season occupation as “ working out ” . On Wednesday , after physicals are completed , a long , lean line of earnest young men will line up in the eight-mound bullpen at the minor-league Mattick Complex in Dunedin and the catchers ' leather will pop like it 's mid-season .
Article Continued Below
If we accept that physical conditioning will not be on anyone 's list of issues at Blue Jays camp , or at the 29 other sites , here are five important questions that will need to be answered before the Jays exit Florida and head to Montreal for a spring-ending two-game exhibition series at Olympic Stadium against the Pirates .
The future of Gibbons
At the end of last season 's American League championship series , after Jays president Mark Shapiro and general manager Ross Atkins raved about the job that Gibbons had done , it was expected that an extension would be announced at some point in the winter . It 's true that the current Jays clubhouse , teeming with veteran leadership , is a perfect match for Gibbons and their laissez play style of managing . It 's no lose .
A perfect opportunity to announce an extension would have been at the annual state-of-the-franchise event , a meet-and-greet for season ticket holders at the Rogers Centre . Management , however , discontinued that practice this year so Gibbons never made it back to town in an official capacity .
This is a no-brainer , because even if you extend Gibbons three years , then have to fire them at some point , the financial waste would be less than a year of Melvin Upton Jr .
The right-handed relief
Gibbons and Atkins spoke admiringly last season about the resourcefulness of the Tampa Bay Rays organization and how their bullpen always seems to get the job done using castoffs , re-treads and reclamation projects . That , more than any recent season , describes the 2017 Toronto bullpen .
Article Continued Below
The Jays ' left-handed relief might not be the best in baseball but , after the addition of J.P. Howell , there are no gnarly questions that need to be answered from the southpaw side .
On the right side , you have four shoo-ins for five spots : two born in the '90s , Roberto Osuna and Joe Biagini , and two well-worn veterans , Jason Grilli and Joe Smith . Question marks abound for the other spot and around the durability of the two veterans . The leading candidates for the last right-handed spot — or to fill in should the need arise — are Rule 5 selection Glenn Sparkman , Danny Barnes , Ryan Tepera and Bo Schultz . Of course , there will be other candidates that are n't even in camp yet .
The rotation depth
There is no doubt the strength of this team is the starting rotation — Aaron Sanchez , Marco Estrada , J.A . Happ , Marcus Stroman and Francisco Liriano . However , as inevitably happens , there will be injuries and failures over 162 games and the question becomes , “ Who 's got next ? ”
There is talk of stretching out Biagini , but that would be a mistake for a Rule 5 selection that found their niche in a setup role last season . The early front-runners for depth are right-handers Mike Bolsinger and Gavin Floyd , and left-hander Brett Oberholtzer . But the Jays will also have a chance to evaluate youngsters Conner Greene , Sean Reid-Foley and Francisco Rios . They will finish camp with their own 1-10 depth chart .
The left-field free-for-all
The candidate with the highest ceiling is 23-year-old Cuban free-agent acquistition Lourdes Gurriel , but they are n't expected to be ready for the major leagues by opening day . That leaves a Yahtzee cup full of random outfield dice , many with minimal big-league experience : Upton , Ezequiel Carrera , Dalton Pompey , Jose Tabata and Darrell Ceciliani . Former Oriole Steve Pearce has been mentioned , but they are not expected to be throwing at full strength until April after September elbow surgery .
The Dunedin designs
It is worth paying attention to ongoing developments as president Shapiro follows their dream of making Dunedin a year-round destination of choice for Blue Jays players ( like the Indians created in Arizona ) , with state-of-the-art facilities that are staffed year-round . The goal would be to make Toronto a free-agent oasis . The Jays are looking for financial help from various levels of government but are willing to contribute .
Less than 50 days until they play ball for real .
- Advertisement -
Two leaders of the Omaha chapter of the Black Panthers ' National Committee to Combat Fascism , Ed Poindexter and Mondo we Langa ( formerly David Rice ) , are serving life sentences for the 1970 bombing murder of Omaha Police officer Larry Minard . Officer Minard was killed at a booby-trapped vacant house while answering a call about a woman screaming . Police arrested 15 year-old Duane Peak for the murder who quickly implicated Poindexter and Langa in exchange for a reduced sentence . Peak , the confessed killer , walked free in 1974 . Poindexter and Langa remain behind bars and both deny any involvement in the crime .
Poindexter and Langa had been targets of COINTELPRO , a secret and illegal operation of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ordered by J. Edgar Hoover to disrupt domestic political groups . Hoover had been personally kept updated on developments in their war on the Black Panthers by field agents . The Special Agent-in-Charge of the Omaha FBI office notified Hoover directly about the case they were building against Poindexter and Langa .
Five Omaha police detectives and command officials can now be directly tied to deception or false testimony under oath about the case by examining court records , judicial decisions , COINTELPRO memorandums , and Congressional documents .
A then-secret COINTELPRO memo tells the story of withheld evidence -- a recording of the emergency call that lured Larry Minard to their death -- and implicates Assistant Chief of Police Glenn Gates in knowingly withholding evidence that would destroy the credibility of Peak , the state 's murderous star witness . Assistant Chief Gates , according to the FBI , sought to keep the recording away from the defense attorneys . The jury never got to hear the tape with its lethal message .
- Advertisement -
COINTELPRO memorandum , Oct. 13 , 1970 , from the Omaha FBI office to J. Edgar Hoover :
`` Assistant COP GLENN GATES , Omaha PD , advised that they feel that any use of tapes of this call might be prejudicial to the police murder trial against two accomplices of PEAK and , therefore , has advised that they wish no use of this tape until after the murder trials of PEAK and the two accomplices has been completed . ''
A trip to Washington , D.C. and sworn testimony by Captain Murdock Platner to the U. S. House Committee on Internal Security gave rise to false statements to a Congressional committee about Langa , contradicted by the trial record . At trial , and earlier at the preliminary hearing , Peak testified that a Panther named Raleigh House had supplied them with the dynamite . House was arrested but never prosecuted . Captain Platner falsely testified to Congress that Langa supplied the dynamite , just several weeks after the preliminary hearing and the day after the COINTELPRO memo about Assistant Chief Gates .
- Advertisement -
U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Internal Security , Oct. 14 , 1970 , p. 4889 :
`` Duane Peak , a 16-year-old boy who was arrested , testified in a preliminary hearing . It is from this preliminary hearing you are bound over to the district court to stand trial . In the preliminary hearing they testified that David Rice [ Langa ] brought a suitcase filled with dynamite to their house or to somebody 's house , I 'm not for sure just which place , ; that they removed all the dynamite from the suitcase except three sticks ; made the bomb , the triggering device , and so on , and put it together ; and then packed the suitcase with newspapers and that they left with this suitcase . ''
The questioning of the killer 's family and Delia Peak , simultaneous with the police search of Langa 's house , led to Lieutenant James Perry 's false testimony in court to justify the search . U.S. District Judge Warren Urbom best tells the story of Lt. Perry 's false sworn statements in the case .
Rice v. Wolff , 388 F. Supp . 185 ( 1974 ) U.S. District Court , pp . 198-199 :
`` Lt. Perry 's testimony that Delia Peak told them that Duane Peak , Edward Poindexter and David Rice were constant companions is in no way corroborated by the remainder of the record before me . The police report of their interview reveals nothing about Duane Peak 's being a constant companion of David Rice 's , and the rights advisory form they signed indicates that only Sgt . R. Alsager and Richard Curd were present for their interview . Moreover , their interview did not begin until the very hour police first approached David Rice 's house and was not completed until after the decision has been made to enter their house . The police report of their interview also reveals that they had seen Duane Peak at about 5:00 p.m. the night before . Thus , it simply is not so that Duane Peak 's family had not seen them in the two days before they had entered the petitioners house and is persuasive that Delia Peak 's family did not make a contrary statement . Finally , there is no indication in the police reports of interviews with Duane Peak 's family prior to the entry of Rice 's house that they were concerned that they might have been eliminated . On the basis of the entire record before this court and having heard and seen Lt. Perry testify , it is impossible for me to credit their testimony in the respects mentioned . ''
Sergeant Jack Swanson testified at the murder trial that they went down to the basement and found the dynamite . Sergeant Robert Pheffer backed up Swanson saying they first saw the dynamite when Swanson carried it upstairs . Pheffer testified they never went down in the basement .
- Advertisement -
At an Omaha court hearing in May 2007 in Poindexter 's bid for a new trial , Pheffer testified that their trial testimony was not correct and that he , not Swanson found the dynamite . The dynamite was never seen in the basement by anyone else and only first appears in an evidence photo pictured in the trunk of a police squad car . Robert Bartle , Poindexter 's attorney describes the contradictory testimony in an appeal brief to the Nebraska Supreme Court where the case is now pending .
Nebraska v. Poindexter , S-07-001075 , Nebraska Supreme Court , Appellant 's Brief , pp . 45-46 :
`` At Poindexter 's trial , Sgt . Swanson testified that they found dynamite in Rice 's basement at 2816 Parker and that Sgt . Pheffer was also in the basement when Swanson found it . Contrary to Swanson 's trial testimony , Pfeffer testified at trial that they ( Pheffer ) never went down into Rice 's basement and that they ( Pheffer ) first saw the dynamite found by Swanson when Swanson carried it up from Rice 's basement . At Poindexter 's post-conviction hearing on May 30 , 2007 , Pheffer 's testimony about finding the dynamite in Rice 's basement was significantly different from their sworn trial testimony 36 years earlier . On May 30 , 2007 , Pheffer testified that they were the one who found the dynamite in Rice 's basement at 2816 Parker on August 22 , 1970 . Pheffer claimed that Swanson was right behind them and that when Pheffer saw the dynamite , they became scared and told Swanson that they needed to 'get the heck out of here . ' When confronted with the discrepancy between Pheffer 's sworn trial testimony in 1971 and their recent testimony of actually being the officer who found the dynamite , Pheffer swore that this trial testimony in 1971 was not correct , that 'the court reporter , somebody got it wrong . ' ''
Next Page 1 | 2
Pennsylvania-based Yuengling Lager hit the Bay State with a bang back in March . Today it 's in the fight of its life to win over Boston beer drinkers .
“ I 'm not going to sugarcoat that it 's been a very competitive market , more competitive than any market we 've seen before , ” said Yuengling chief operating officer David Casinelli , a beer industry legend who turned a stale regional brand into a fast-growing powerhouse .
Yuengling today is the largest domestically owned brewery , as well as the nation 's oldest brewery . But Boston has proven a tougher keg to tap than many anticipated .
“ ( Yuengling ) was hot out of the gates and hit a wall fast , ” said Matt Mooney , the beer buyer at Boston Beer Garden in South Boston . “ We sold three kegs of it the first Monday alone . Before long we were down to one keg a week . ”
Boston Beer Garden recently kicked Yuengling off its draft list in favor of faster-selling brands .
“ The novelty has worn off , ” said Adam Hawk , manager at the Baseball Tavern in Fenway . Retailers report similar stories .
Yuengling faces three unique challenges in Boston .
First , New Englanders are largely suspicious of outside brands and prefer to support our own .
Call it Krispy Kreme Syndrome . The famous doughnut maker arrived in Boston a decade ago amid a wave of hype but fizzled badly , as local consumers stayed true to the likes of Dunkin ' Donuts .
“ Most of our customers have remained loyal to their favorite brands , ” said Josh Durant , the manager at Supreme Liquors in Quincy .
The second challenge is Boston 's mature and sophisticated market of beer consumers . It 's the only city in America that 's home to two of the nation 's largest craft breweries , Samuel Adams and Harpoon .
Massachusetts boasts about 90 other breweries , many vying for space in local barrooms and retailers .
Finally , the Boston beer business is a rough-and-tumble arena ruled by distributors who play hardball . They 're not afraid to influence pub owners to dump rival brands .
One local distributor reported knocking 22 Yuengling taps out of local bars last week alone , while one salespersons hangs the Yuengling taps pubs have dumped in favor of their brands on the wall of their office like trophies .
“ We 're big boys , ” said Casinelli . “ We live in a competitive world , and we 're completely fine with that . I guess when Yuengling comes to market we bring out the best and worst of everyone , because there is fear that we have the potential to become a very big brand in that market . ”
Homeless hero of Manchester explosion given a home by West Ham boss
`` Steve the hero '' helped injured and dying victims of the attack . PICTURE : Anas Chowdhury Archant
Steve , the homeless man who rushed to help the victims of the Manchester Arena terrorist attack , now has somewhere to live thanks to West Ham United joint-chairperson David Sullivan and son Dave .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
David Sullivan , West Ham United joint chairperson David Sullivan , West Ham United joint chairperson
Steve was sleeping rough nearby when a bomb went off at a concert by pop star Ariana Grande on Monday evening , and tended to children who were hurt in the attack that killed 22 people and left more than 50 injured .
Joint-chairperson David Sullivan and son Dave were moved by their heroism , and Dave took to social media in an attempt to locate Steve and find them a home , with the offer of paying their rent for the next six months .
Steve has now been found , and Dave and David are now working out a plan to pay the hero 's rent for the next six months , and also providing them with new clothes and opportunities to find work in the future .
“ Dave and myself were both hugely impressed by the bravery shown by Steve , the emergency services and all those who rushed to the aid of those affected by the Manchester attack , ” said David .
“ This was a terrible incident , but the response of the people of Manchester has been one of bravery , togetherness and resilience – the hallmarks of what makes Britain such a fantastic place .
“ Steve was just one of hundreds of people who forgot about their own safety and rushed to the aid of others , and we were both moved by their story . ”
( Newser ) – Ron Paul rose to the defense of WikiLeaks on the House floor today , criticizing the `` hysterical response '' of the US as `` killing the messenger . '' They likened the leaks to that of the Pentagon Papers , which were considered by many to be traitorous at the time but ultimately exposed the `` lies '' of the Vietnam War . They also ridiculed the notion of prosecuting an Australian citizen , Julian Assange , on treason charges `` for publishing US secret information that they did not steal . ''
Paul concluded by raising nine questions , beginning with , `` Do the American people deserve to know the truth regarding the ongoing wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan and Yemen ? '' and concluding with , `` Was it not once considered patriotic to stand up to our government when it is wrong ? '' ( For the full transcript , see the Huffington Post , or watch the video in the gallery from Mediaite . ) The speech , writes HuffPo 's Jason Linkins , `` primarily touches on themes that he 's advanced throughout their career : their antipathy to neo-conservative empire-building , the lies that precipitated the invasion and occupation of Iraq , the primacy of individual liberty , and the value of dissent . '' ( Read more Ron Paul stories . )
It should n't come as a surprise that automakers ' engines are n't pushed to the limit from the factory . Honda 's new 1.5-liter turbo I4 is promising , and it appears some simple ECU tuning can send its power levels through the roof .
Hondata -- a company that 's been tuning Honda computers for ages -- has a plug-and-play tuning solution for 2016-and-up Honda Civics equipped with that motor . $ 695 gives you everything you need to take your Civic to a qualified tuner and turn up the wick well beyond stock power levels . The FlashPro hardware also includes base tunes , in the event you do n't want a tuner to apply a custom one .
Enlarge Image Andrew Krok/Roadshow
The final results depend on the individual tuner responsible for tweaking engine output , but Hondata 's internal figures are promising . A manual-transmission 1.5-liter Civic can put out about 225 horsepower and 254 pound-feet of torque , a far cry from the 174 horsepower and 167 pound-feet of a base Civic . CVT models will see a lower output , but it 's still pretty impressive at roughly 214 horsepower and 220 pound-feet of torque .
What 's most interesting about this arrangement is that both example tunes produce more power than Honda 's own performance car , the 2017 Civic Si . The Civic Si will be rated at just 205 horsepower and 192 pound-feet when it goes on sale later this year .
Many were quick to bash the Si for its output , which lags behind competitors like the Volkswagen Golf GTI and the Hyundai Elantra Sport . It 's important to note that the Civic Si now packs more torque than before , and its curb weight is lighter than the competitors , but it will have to overcome the numbers game with some solid performance .
While some of us wondered if the Si 's output was the way it was because of the 1.5-liter turbo I4 's limitations , but Hondata 's tunes prove that there 's plenty of power left on the table .
Of course , it bears mentioning that leaving power on the table is probably intentional . Honda needs its engines to last a long time , or buyers will revolt and not purchase their cars , and tuning within safe parameters helps achieve that . Hondata 's hardware may improve performance , but it could have an effect on the engine 's longevity , and given how new it is , there 's still a lot left to figure out in that regard .
There 's also the matter of what ECU tuning can do to your warranty -- namely , it can void it , especially if you drive into the dealership with the tune installed on the ECU . You can always reflash before taking the car into the dealer , but it 's not a foolproof measure .
Furthermore , you might need to add some supporting modifications to get the most power , and certain modifications can also void your warranty and cause the car to fail an emissions test . That 's why Hondata 's site is quick to note that its tuning solution for the 2016+ Civic is not for street use . Do users regularly run ECU tunes like this on the street ? Yes . But will Hondata assume liability in the event something goes awry on the road ? No .
ECU tunes like these are a mixed bag . Sure , for $ 700 you can boost your Civic 's output to surpass the Si and save thousands of dollars over just buying the Si , but it comes at the risk of sacrificing engine longevity and the all-important factory warranty . If that does n't matter to you -- and for some enthusiasts , it really does n't -- then by all means , tune away .
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma will be sworn in as chair of the African Union Commission in Addis Ababa on Monday . It 's been a bruising battle to get them there , and now that she 's finally in charge she 's got a lot of work to do , and not all that much power to do it with . By SIMON ALLISON .
So , Nkosazana : you finally made it to Addis Ababa . I 'll admit there were times in the last year when I thought that your mission to take over as chairperson of the African Union Commission was doomed , that our bull-headed diplomats had forever scuppered your hopes of sorting out Africa the way you did Home Affairs . There were even more times when I wondered if you really wanted to go : who can forget the look of regret in your eyes when you told us how further your department still had to go ? Well , most people did forget , but I was watching , and I never really bought your pro-forma protestations that you were just a loyal cadre who was content to be deployed wherever the party saw fit ; wherever your ex-husband saw fit .
Forget that party loyalty now . Once you 're sworn in on Monday , you work for the African Union Commission , not the party . It 's a subtle distinction , to be sure . AUC , not ANC ; easy to confuse the two after a few drinks at the pool bar of the Addis Sheraton , or when that ex-husband picks up the phone ( on this note : please , please do something about the African Union 's phone lines as a matter of urgency . I have 17 different numbers , none of which has yet been answered in 18 months of trying ) .
Uncomfortably present at Monday 's inauguration will be Jean Ping , the incumbent AUC chairperson who you replaced in the bitter , divisive elections which dominated the agendas of both AU summits this year . Try not to be too smug : he 's still not sure what exactly they did wrong to earn such enmity from southern Africa . Neither are we . In fact , there are a lot of people bewildered at why SADC – led by South Africa – fought so aggressively to get you into this position , along the way shattering the gentlemen 's agreement which rather sensibly left your new job to candidates from the smaller , less powerful countries .
Some say it 's a plot for South Africa to take over the continent ; others say it is part of a bigger plan to get a UN Security Council seat . Still others suggest it 's all about domestic politics and Zuma 's need to put some distance between themselves and you , an enormously popular politician of proven competence who is a lot more dangerous in Pretoria than Addis .
Whatever the reason , now that Angola 's wallet and South Africa 's diplomatic bullying have got you where they want you , your first major task is to heal the wounds caused by all that politicking . Do I need to remind you of the powerful forces that were ranged against your candidacy ? Kenya , Ethiopia , Nigeria , France , China ; these were just a few of your many opponents .
Of course , we all know that no one was really opposed to you personally . In fact , even as Nigeria was doing everything in its power to lobby for Jean Ping , Nigerian diplomats were privately admitting that they thought you would be a great candidate at an individual level . Your reputation for efficiency precedes you , bolstered by your time as Thabo Mbeki 's foreign affairs minister ; unlike Zuma , Mbeki was and is well-loved in the rest of Africa . Once the dust has settled , and you begin to lead with your trademark humility , these relationships will repair themselves .
More difficult will be to repair the AUC , which is in an abysmal state . At the last audit , nearly half of its positions were found to be unfilled ; the budget was not even close to adding up ; and , as previously noted , no one answers the phones . It 's a ponderous bureaucracy that struggles to attract talented people , and struggles even more to fulfil its basic functions . This will all sound reassuringly familiar to you ; Home Affairs was in much the same condition when you took over . Although it wo n't be easy , a little bit of your managerial magic will go a long way in making the AUC a functional , responsive institution that is effectively able to properly advise the AU and implement its decisions .
This is , however , the limit of your power ; and , I worry , your eventual downfall . I can already tell that people have great expectations of what you 'll be able to achieve . Surely , they say , with Nkosazana in charge , there wo n't be any more debacles like Cote D'Ivoire or Libya , where Africa was humiliated once again by international duplicity and our own schizophrenic responses ? Surely , with Nkosazana in charge , Africa will start to prioritise the development and infrastructure projects which are so necessary , and tackle corruption , and punish those countries that still have no respect for human rights ? Surely they can fix Africa the way they fixed Home Affairs ?
You know , of course , that this is impossible ( you also know that even Home Affairs is n't fixed yet ) . You are only too aware of the limitations on your power ; specifically , the 54 limitations that assemble twice a year at the AU 's heads of state meeting . You know the AUC is not the AU , that it does n't make the decisions , and that the AU has never been the united , visionary organisation it likes to sell itself as . You know that you might be able to influence things for the better , but it is not in your power to really change things .
I 'm not sure , however , that other people know these things . Too many Africans , and South Africans in particular , think that you 'll be their saviour . No matter how good you are , you ca n't be that . DM
Read more :
“ Dlamini-Zuma in Ethiopia ahead of their inauguration , ” on SABC News
“ Analysis : Mbeki 's cold shower on South Africa and the AU , ” on Daily Maverick
Photo : Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma addresses the media during the leaders meeting at the African Union ( AU ) in Addis Ababa July 15 , 2012 . REUTERS/Tiksa Negeri
Are You A South AfriCAN or a South AfriCA N'T ?
Maverick Insider is more than a reader revenue scheme . While not quite a `` state of mind '' , it is a mindset : it 's about believing that independent journalism makes a genuine difference to our country and it 's about having the will to support that endeavour .
From the # GuptaLeaks into State Capture to the Scorpio exposés into SARS , Daily Maverick investigations have made an enormous impact on South Africa and it 's political landscape . As we enter an election year , our mission to Defend Truth has never been more important . A free press is one of the essential lines of defence against election fraud ; without it , national polls can turn very nasty , very quickly as we have seen recently in the Congo .
If you would like a practical , tangible way to make a difference in South Africa consider signing up to become a Maverick Insider . You choose how much to contribute and how often ( monthly or annually ) and in exchange , you will receive a host of awesome benefits . The greatest benefit of all ( besides inner peace ) ? Making a real difference to a country that needs your support .
Simon Allison Follow Save More
Comments
Please or create an account to view the comments . To join the conversation , sign up as a Maverick Insider .
Xiao Zhu , a Chinese company that sells air purifiers , has a vested interest in helping the country to solve its terrible air pollution problem , one that kills more than half a million people each year . It is currently drawing attention to the crisis with a head-turing ad campaign called Breathe Again , in which it projects the faces of crying children onto the pollution billowing forth from Chinese industrial plants .
Says Design Boom :
Visualized on the cloud-like canvases were dozens of pictures of Chinese youth , shown in numerous stages of dismay , pain , and ultimately suffocation . Xiao Zhu filmed the social movement and released it to the masses with a simple message with no room for interpretation , `` Clean the air . Let the future breathe again . ''
According to The Verge , the person seemingly responsible for the campaign has put out similarly avant garde public art pieces before , such as shark coffins meant to point out the tragedy of killing these animals for shark fin soup .
Source : Design Boom via The Verge
API Endpoints
Once you 've registered your client it 's easy to start requesting data from Instagram .
All endpoints are only accessible via https and are located at api.instagram.com . For instance : you can retrieve photos with a given hashtag by accessing the following URL with your access_token ( replace ACCESS-TOKEN with your own ) :
https : //api.instagram.com/v1/self/media/recent ? access_token=ACCESS_TOKEN
The Instagram API requires an access_token from authenticated users for each endpoint . We no longer support making requests using just the client_id .
Note The URL examples throughout this documentation use ACCESS-TOKEN as a placeholder . For these examples to work , you need to substitute the value with your own access_token . In your application , you should have each user go through an authentication and authorization flow in order to receive a valid access_token .
Limits
Please refer to the limits documentation for information on rate limits that apply to API requests .
Deleting Objects
We do our best to have all our URLs be RESTful . Every endpoint ( URL ) may support one of four different http verbs . GET requests fetch information about an object , POST requests create objects , PUT requests update objects , and finally DELETE requests will delete objects .
Structure
The Envelope
Every response is contained by an envelope . That is , each response has a predictable set of keys with which you can expect to interact :
{ `` meta '' : { `` code '' : 200 } , `` data '' : { ... } , `` pagination '' : { `` next_url '' : `` ... '' , `` next_max_id '' : `` 13872296 '' } }
The meta key is used to communicate extra information about the response to the developer . If all goes well , you 'll only ever see a code key with value 200 . However , sometimes things go wrong , and in that case you might see a response like :
{ `` meta '' : { `` error_type '' : `` OAuthException '' , `` code '' : 400 , `` error_message '' : `` ... '' } }
data
The data key is the meat of the response . It may be a list or dictionary , but either way this is where you 'll find the data you requested .
pagination
Sometimes you just ca n't get enough . For this reason , we 've provided a convenient way to access more data in any request for sequential data . Simply call the url in the next_url parameter and we 'll respond with the next set of data .
{ ... `` pagination '' : { `` next_url '' : `` https : //api.instagram.com/v1/self/media/recent ? access_token=fb2e77d.47a0479900504cb3ab4a1f626d174d2d & max_id=13872296 '' , `` next_max_id '' : `` 13872296 '' } }
On views where pagination is present , we also support the `` count '' parameter . Simply set this to the number of items you 'd like to receive . Note that the default values should be fine for most applications - but if you decide to increase this number there is a maximum value defined on each endpoint .
JSONP
If you 're writing an AJAX application , and you 'd like to wrap our response with a callback , all you have to do is specify a callback parameter with any API call :
https : //api.instagram.com/v1/self/media/recent ? access_token=ACCESS-TOKEN & callback=callbackFunction
Would respond with :
Michael Janda reported this story on Wednesday , February 1 , 2012 18:41:00
MARK COLVIN : A new Australian share index has joined the likes of the ASX 200 and All Ordinaries . It 's the Islamic Australia Index .
The index 's creators are the global financial information company Thomson Reuters and Islamic investment manager Crescent Wealth .
Thomson Reuters ' global head of Islamic capital markets Dr Sayd Farook and Crescent Wealth 's Talal Yassine spoke to Michael Janda .
SAYD FAROOK : We avoid investments predominantly in leverage , in what we call morally hazardous industries ; armaments , pornography , alcohol etc and then we have some quantitative methods of screening out companies that have particular amounts of debt , or have particular percentages of investment in prohibited activities .
MICHAEL JANDA : So as a concrete example what Australian companies would be eligible and what Australian companies are ineligible for this index ?
SAYD FAROOK : So you think about companies such as CSL , Woodside Petroleum , these kinds of resource energy stocks , such as AGL Energy , these would be eligible stocks . On the other hand stocks such as Amalgamated Holdings and the like that are in cinema and broadcasting , or …
TALAL YASSINE : Or a bank . The four majors are prohibited to be invested in because they 're all about leverage and debt .
MICHAEL JANDA : And loaning money .
TALAL YASSINE : Loaning money , effectively .
It really means that we avoid all companies that have debt . In the Australian Stock Exchange 30 to 35 per cent of companies is in the financial sector , so it screens out that whole sector . And it means avoiding companies that are morally risky .
MICHAEL JANDA : Would that include things like gaming companies as well ?
TALAL YASSINE : Aristocrat definitely out .
SAYD FAROOK : Most certainly .
MICHAEL JANDA : How big is this market for Islamic finance both globally and in Australia ?
SAYD FAROOK : Globally currently most estimates suggest that it 's $ 1 trillion and it 's growing at a rate of 15 to 20 per cent . Locally , it 's around the range of $ 8 billion .
MICHAEL JANDA : Is the size of Islamic finance largely driven by the oil money that 's coming into the Middle Eastern countries ?
SAYD FAROOK : Well certainly petrol liquidity makes up a significant portion of Islamic investment . That said a lot of the money is coming from institutional investors in places like Europe and in America . These are large asset managers who look to place a portion of their portfolio in Islamic assets because it makes sense to diversify from what have traditionally been risky assets .
MICHAEL JANDA : And on a global level do you find that it is mostly Muslim investors who engage in finance on Sharia principles ?
SAYD FAROOK : You have a lot of expatriates and also other ethnic origins such as Chinese who are willing to take up Islamic finance because it makes more sense to them . The partnership elements of it , the fact that you are engaging in profit sharing relationship where you get to benefit while at the same time you 're on an equal level playing field with the counter-party , the bank . It makes a lot of sense to them and they feel that it 's more equitable .
MICHAEL JANDA : And this is as opposed to a loan model ?
SAYD FAROOK : Yeah and that 's essentially what makes it different and what we 've heard from our research and also our customers , they 've generally felt that when they 've dealt with an Islamic bank they 've been a lot more concerned with their wellbeing as opposed to a conventional bank which just looks at the loan and you 've got to pay the interest - that 's all .
MICHAEL JANDA : Is Australia particularly well placed to capture this market and if so why ?
SAYD FAROOK : Australia is one of those unique outliers in the sense that it combines very strong financial markets infrastructure , very strong regulatory system , with a link to the growth story of Asia . Besides this you 've also got the remoteness of Australia from some of the most volatile social political regions in the world .
As a growth story , in terms of the stability of the market , this is where people would want to invest , because no matter what happens in the world , this place always remains safe .
MARK COLVIN : Dr Sayd Farook and Talal Yassine speaking to Michael Janda .
Archer Nichols heads to third Olympic Games
COLLEGE STATION - Jennifer Nichols enjoys the quiet , contemplative nature of archery , which on most days is a far cry from the cinematic variety displayed in `` The Hunger Games , '' `` Brave '' and `` The Avengers , '' the three films that are pushing the sport into pop culture consciousness as the London Olympics approach .
Nichols , 28 , has spent countless days during the past three years on the A & M archery range , sheltered by the A & M tennis center , Mount Aggie - a small hill overlooking the Pemberthy Rec Sports Complex - and a berm that protects wandering passersby from errant shots by beginning archers .
First they shoot . Then they walk .
Actually , they walk more than they shoot . Archers have four minutes to shoot six arrows but generally finish with time to spare . When the horn sounds , they spend 2½ to three minutes walking to the target 70 meters away , retrieving arrows and returning to the firing line .
For a woman who defines themselves in part by love of their sport , in part by their sheer joy in being an Aggie and above all things through their plain-spoken , devout Christianity , the walk back and forth from firing line to target is n't a bad analogy for everyday life .
`` The vast majority of the analogies I see deal with my walk of faith , '' Nichols said . `` When you get to the end , to the target , you see the results of everything you did . You do it over and over again with archery . But you do n't get multiple chances at life .
Archer Jennifer Nichols has spent hours on the range at Texas A & M after a college search with their sister brought them to College Station . Nichols came to Texas having competed in two Olympics , and they head to their third this month . less Archer Jennifer Nichols has spent hours on the range at Texas A & M after a college search with their sister brought them to College Station . Nichols came to Texas having competed in two Olympics , and they head ... more Photo : Smiley N. Pool Photo : Smiley N. Pool Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Archer Nichols heads to third Olympic Games 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
`` Another thing is that it 's important to the archer to feel the true shot - to be able to let go and believe the arrow is going in the right direction . Without that trust and belief , you 're not going to hit the target . It 's the same way in life . You ca n't try to control it all the way through . A controlled shot typically ends up as a mistake . If you want the arrow to fly , you have to let it go . ''
Clearly , Nichols has more on their mind than arrows , targets and medals as they prepare for their third Olympics but their first since moving from their home of Cheyenne , Wyo. , to compete with the A & M club team , perennial champions of U.S. Collegiate Archery .
Some signs are visible . They have their Aggie ring as they prepare to complete work on a political science degree . They have their engagement ring as they prepare for a Sept. 1 wedding to Chris Hardy , an A & M graduate attending South Texas College of Law . In fact , she 's getting a jump on the ceremony with their Olympic Games quiver , which reads `` Hardy USA . ''
And , of course , they have a book of Bible verses that they have memorized and keeps in their bow case .
Some are appropriate to competition , like Psalm 144:1 : `` Blessed be the Lord , my strength , who teacheth my hands to war , and my fingers to fight . '' Some place winning and losing into context , like Colossians 3:2 : `` Set your affection on things above , not on things on the earth . '' Others offer spiritual comfort , like Lamentations 3:24 : `` The Lord is my portion , saith my soul ; therefore I will hope in him . ''
`` I 'm kind of a planner , '' Nichols said . `` So I love to think about plans for my wedding . I 'll pray and keep my mind at peace . Sometimes I think about the competition . I visualize what is going to happen .
`` It puts things into perspective for me . This is important , but it 's not the goal of my life . The walk helps me remember to focus on my true goal , which is to glorify God . ''
Unlikely path
Even with all the walking and planning , Nichols could not have constructed the reality of their life .
They are the eldest of five children who grew up in an evangelical Christian family in Wyoming .
Nichols took up archery at age 12 and turned professional at 17 . They are a three-time Pan American Games champion and a two-time Olympian entering London , advancing to the quarterfinals in 2004 and to the second round in 2008 .
After the Beijing Games , they and their younger sister , Amanda , went hunting for colleges . A & M was not on their list despite the efforts of A & M coach Frank Thomas , a coach of the 2004 Olympic team .
`` Frank Thomas kept calling and asked , 'What do I have to do to get you to come to College Station ? ' `` they said . `` We talked about their program , and it sounded like a really great place , and they offered both my sister and me scholarships . One month later , we were full-blown Aggies . ''
Finding their place
The sisters threw themselves into archery , contributing to three national championships and into Breakaway , the weekly non-denominational campus Bible study group .
`` I ca n't imagine life without being an Aggie , '' Nichols said . `` The archery team was really the biggest appeal , but as I came here and learned the culture , I really loved the values and the traditions . ''
They found someone to love as well . Nichols said they noticed Hardy in a political science class `` and thought they were pretty good-looking . But I 'm not a forward sort of girl . I did n't know how I would ever meet him .
`` But I kept seeing them all over campus , and this is a big campus . It 's something if you keep seeing someone , '' they said . `` One day , after an early class , I saw them sitting on a bench in front of Evans Library . I had a box of donuts , and I offered them a donut and introduced myself . ''
Given Nichols ' background , Thomas said , that was quite a bold step .
`` She did not kiss a man until they got engaged . That was their belief . Them sister , too , '' Thomas said . `` She has meant the world to us . They are the best female archer in the country , and the beautiful thing about them is that they are a ten-times better person . ''
'Dialing it back ' soon
Nichols has qualified for archery 's World Cup final , the first U.S. woman to do so , and will compete in Tokyo at the end of September . After that , however , `` I 'll be dialing it back a little bit , '' they said .
The sport of archery , however , has never been more visible . One of Nichols ' teammates , Khatuna Lorig , was actor Jennifer Lawrence 's instructor for the archery scenes for their character in `` The Hunger Games . ''
`` We 've been one of those sports that has always been there but under the radar . Most people do n't even know we 're an Olympic sport , '' Nichols said . `` But with all the movies coming out , we 've refused to go unnoticed any longer . ''
U.S. archers hope to make themselves heard , too . Brady Ellison of Chula Vista , Calif. , is the top-ranked men 's archer in the world , and the women 's team of Nichols , Lorig and Miranda Leek qualified last month for the Olympics in the women 's team event for the first time since 2004 , clinching a spot in the individual event as well for Lorig and Nichols .
`` I think our chances are very good , '' Nichols said . `` Any medal would be the perfect conclusion to a long , enjoyable career . I see this as my last year of doing this full-time , and a medal would be the greatest thing . ''
david.barron @ chron.com
The United States is not about to plunder Iraq 's oil reserves , Defence Secretary Jim Mattis , who arrived in Baghdad on Monday , said in a bid to soothe Iraqi partners rattled by remarks President Donald Trump made .
Trump has repeatedly said both while campaigning and since their election that America , whose troops occupied Iraq for eight years , should have grabbed Iraqi oil to help fund its war effort and to deprive the Islamic State group of a vital revenue source .
But Mattis , a retired Marine general who commanded troops during the invasion of Iraq , appeared to nix the idea .
`` All of us in America have generally paid for gas and oil all along , and I am sure that we will continue to do so in the future , '' Mattis told reporters before their visit to Baghdad . `` We are not in Iraq to seize anybody 's oil . ''
While speaking at the CIA headquarters last month , Trump cited the old adage , `` To the victor belong the spoils , '' and said America `` should have kept the oil '' after pulling most of its troops out of the country under Barack Obama .
The president then added without elaborating that `` maybe we 'll have another chance '' .
Photo credit : Cordelia McGee-Tubb
For the past year , almost all of the time I 've spent playing PC games has been upright , with both feet firmly planted . When I decided to switch to a standing desk , I was n't curious about the ( “ disputed , ” according to Wikipedia ) health benefits . I just wanted to give my gaming setup a makeover . If gaining Chun-Li legs was going to a side-effect of playing CS : GO all day , great . But I was mostly concerned with refreshing the look and feel of my desk area .
A year later , I could n't be happier with my setup . If I can help it , I wo n't play PC games in a chair at home again . Here 's what I 've learned after more than 12 months of playing PC games upright .
Do it yourself
There are a ton of pre-built standing desks available on Amazon . And almost none of them are suitable for PC gaming . Many of these desks feature questionable keyboard trays or terraced stands or , hauntingly , both . These configurations are n't conducive to how I like to play : with a wide , spacious , fixed surface for my mouse and keyboard .
I cobbled together a standing desk from old and new IKEA parts , a variation on the “ Utby Underframe ” build I saw online . I used pieces of galvanized steel pipe to link two 47x24 ” Ikea tabletops , one of which I 'd cannibalized from my old “ sitting ” desk . The 4 ” gap between them is where my peripherals sit , hiding my mouse and keyboard from the tabletop .
Because I possess zero engineering sense , I made some mistakes that required a couple days of effort and a trip to Home Depot to resolve . But I 'm really happy that I built the desk myself . It 's infused my gaming space with a greater feeling of ownership , something that I think PC gaming naturally invites .
If you want a standing desk , you should build a standing desk . Like your PC itself , it 's a project that you can adapt based on how handy you are ( up until that point my resume consisted of picture hanging ) , what your monitor configuration is , and how much money you can spend . The last thing you want is a hundred-pound block of wood off of Amazon that does n't suit your needs .
Side note : Ikea recently started offering a standing desk that Wired suspiciously calls affordable at $ 489 .
Called upon my 7th grade shop class skills to make a standing desk . Curious to see how it affects gaming . pic.twitter.com/dlgPkLp3MSOctober 1 , 2013
It 's uncomfortable , at first
The first two weeks of using my standing desk was n't the revelation in posture and personal health that I thought they 'd be . Within an hour , my knees ached . My ankles got sore . I shifted my weight around a lot uncomfortably . It reminded me of Sunday afternoons spent trapped while my family wandered JCPenney .
Some of this discomfort was my own fault . I figured that the surface I had beneath my desk , some shaggy Ikea carpet , would be fine for standing . Nope . Then I tried a yoga mat—folded over itself—as a stopgap , but that barely alleviated my angry joints .
A $ 20 anti-fatigue mat on Amazon was what I needed . I ca n't emphasize this more : if you 're running a standing desk , you need a proper mat under your feet . It is n't optional . I 've since completely adapted to playing while standing , to the point where I can play uninterrupted for three or four hours . ( And that amount of time before I feel uncomfortable is actually something I like—read further down the page . )
My standing setup also prompted me to switch to a wireless headset . One of the things I found about a standing posture is that it naturally made me want to move around , either as minor relief from standing or , say , to jump in excitement after a victory . ( Another habit I 've gained is running into my kitchen while I 'm queued for competitive CS : GO , listening in for a match to be found while I mash together some combination of bread and cheese . )
Anyway , having a cord attached to my head inhibited that ; I felt tethered to the desk , and I hated it . I 've used Steelseries ' H Wireless headset since , which has all the qualities ( after audio quality ) that I like in headsets : durability , breathability , comfort , a good mic , and hardware mute/volume buttons .
On page two : the biggest benefit I 've experienced from switching to a standing desk .
• The top recipient received more than $ 6.4 million ;
• The top seven bonus recipients received more than $ 4 million each ;
• The top ten bonus recipients received a combined $ 42 million ;
• 22 individuals received bonuses of $ 2 million or more , and combined they
received more than $ 72 million ;
• 73 individuals received bonuses of $ 1 million or more ; and
• Eleven of the individuals who received `` retention '' bonuses of $ 1 million
or more are no longer working at AIG , including one who received $ 4.6
a million ;
Again , these payments were all made to individuals in the subsidiary whose performance
led to crushing losses and the near failure of AIG . Thus , last week , AIG made more than 73
millionaires in the unit which lost so much money that it brought the firm to its knees , forcing taxpayer bailout . Something is deeply wrong with this outcome . I hope the Committee will
address it head on .
We have also now obtained the contracts under which AIG decided to make these
payments . The contracts shockingly contain a provision that required most individuals ' bonuses to be 100 % of their 2007 bonuses . Thus , in the Spring of last year , AIG chose to lock in bonuses for 2008 at 2007 levels despite obvious signs that 2008 performance would be disastrous in comparison to the year before . My Office has thus begun to closely examine the circumstances under which the plan was created .
Without realizing that the rugby enthusiasts from the French city of Dax had nothing to do with Germany 's similarly named , DAX index of blue chip companies on the German stock market , anonymous hackers breached the defenses of allezdax.com ( Go Dax ) , effectively paralyzing the fan site for two weeks .
For a site that usually sees around 700 pages views a day -- 1,200 on game days -- the servers hosting the well-known website in the rugby-loving corner of southwest France were overwhelmed by the more than 80,000 pages views the onslaught triggered and crashed , remaining out of commission for two weeks .
`` I only have one thing to say to them : Leave us alone ! '' one of the site 's administrators , who identified themselves only as `` Stephane , '' told the France Bleu Gascogne radio station .
Blaming the online onslaught on a `` young , spotty Teuton '' who `` insulted us copiously in German , '' Stephane said the page is now back online , reinforced with better security to protect it from attacks .
They explained the hackers had flooded their site with insults , believing it to be some offshoot of the German stock market index .
After the website 's recovery , supporters of the Dax rugby club posted messages online celebrating the unexpected windfall of media publicity that followed the initial attack and two-week hiatus for the site .
`` Hacked but famous , '' one fan 's post read .
Administrators noted that as a result , allezdax.com is now twice as popular as the website of the DAX stock index in Frankfurt .
Painting of the Spanish Inquisition where a woman is being prepared for foot roasting .
Foot roasting is a method of torture used since ancient times . The torture takes ingenious advantage of the extreme sensitivity of the sole of the foot to heat [ 1 ] . The Romans immobilized the prisoner and pressed red-hot iron plates to the soles of their feet . The Spanish Inquisition bound the prisoner face-upward to the rack with their bare feet secured in a stock . The soles of the feet were basted with lard or oil and slowly barbecued over a brazier of burning coals . A screen could be interposed between the feet and the coals to modulate the exposure , while a bellows controlled the intensity of the flame . Variants included placing slivers of hot coals between the toes , or suspending the prisoner head-downward and placing hot coals directly on the soles . The destruction of the Order of the Knights Templars is credited to these tortures , which were of sufficient cruelty literally to drive their sufferers insane [ 2 ] .
Foot roasting remains a popular technique of torture to this day . During the Cold War , KGB torturers made use of metal clothes irons heated red-hot and applied directly to the naked soles or explored the delicate webbing between the prisoner 's toes using either a soldering iron or an electric wood-burning pencil [ 3 ] .
Knights Templar [ edit ]
Foot roasting was one of the principal tortures used to extract supposed confessions of heresy and other accusations made against the Knights Templar after their arrest in October 1307 . It is recorded that one Templar 's feet were so savagely tortured that—as they were being carried back to their cell—various pieces of charred bone fell from their feet to the floor . Prisoners could also be suspended head-downwards from stocks , with hot coals placed directly on the soles of the feet—held in place by gravity—while thin slivers of burning embers were slid between pairs of adjacent toes .
Brittany [ edit ]
In Brittany , an enhanced interrogation chair was used [ 4 ] that immobilized the feet and provided a movable tray of coals that could be cranked up and down , eventually making physical contact with the soles of the feet .
Star kicking [ edit ]
A form of torture called `` star kicking '' supposedly began with Countess Elizabeth Bathory , who would place oiled bits of paper or string between the prisoner 's toes and light the material on fire . [ 5 ]
References [ edit ]
A print of the last moments in the life of abolitionist John Brown , portrayed leaving jail on the morning of their execution in Charles Town , Va . Under heavy guard , they pause to kiss a child . ( Library of Congress . )
John Brown rode from the jail to the gallows on top of their own coffin , which was hauled in a “ criminal 's wagon ” drawn by two white horses .
It was just before 11 a.m. on Dec. 2 , 1859 , in Charles Town , Va. , now part of West Virginia . Brown , the fierce abolitionist who had led an armed insurrection against slavery , was ready to die .
They had written a note in their cell before leaving for the gallows : “ I , John Brown , am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away but with blood . ”
Listen to this story on “ Retropod ” :
For more forgotten stories from history , subscribe : Apple Podcasts | Stitcher | Amazon Echo | Google Home and more
More than 1,000 troops lined the field to protect the gallows . There was fear that rebels might rush in at the last minute and try to rescue Brown before their execution . Virginia Gov . Henry Alexander Wise had ordered extra security . Fearing a spectacle , the public had been prohibited from viewing the hanging . Journalists from the North were turned back at Baltimore .
“ By ten o'clock all was arranged , ” wrote John T.L . Preston , one of the founders of the Virginia Military Institute , which sent hundreds of cadets to provide security at the hanging . “ The general effect was most imposing , and , at the same time , picturesque . ”
Brown had been found guilty of conspiracy , inciting servile insurrection and treason against the state , after leading at least 18 men in the raid of an armory at Harpers Ferry .
Brown was accused of planning to seize the weapons stored in the armory , give them to enslaved black men and spark an antislavery rebellion , according to accounts . But after a 36-hour standoff , according to the Library of Virginia , Brown and their men were killed or captured by militia members and U.S. Marines led by Robert E. Lee .
[ The truth about Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee : They are n't very good at their job ]
On Nov. 2 , Brown was convicted of all charges . The jury deliberated only 45 minutes before sentencing them to death by hanging .
VMI Superintendent Frances H. Smith was commander of the execution , according to VMI archival documents .
“ Fearing the possibility of another uprising by Brown 's supporters , the Governor of Virginia accepted the offer of VMI 's Superintendent , Francis H. Smith , to send a part of the Corps of Cadets to provide an additional military presence at the execution , ” according to VMI records . Accompanying Smith to the execution were Preston and a professor of natural philosophy named Thomas Jackson , who would later become famous as Confederate Gen. Thomas “ Stonewall ” Jackson .
Preston and Jackson were standing so close to the gallows , they could hear everything that John Brown said , according to Col. Keith Gibson , executive director of the VMI Museum and Archives in Lexington , Va . They became eyewitnesses to an execution that would change the course of the country 's history and help fuel the Civil War .
“ Both John Preston and Jackson sat down that evening after the hanging and wrote letters home to their respective wives , ” Gibson said . “ They never expected those letters they were writing to their wives might someday be published in histories of the events as they have been . ”
“ I , John Brown , am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away but with blood , ” John Brown wrote in a note before they were hanged Dec. 2 , 1859 . ( Library of Congress . )
Jackson opened their letter to their wife , Mary Anna Jackson , with a description of Brown 's last moments alive :
“ He behaved with unflinching firmness , ” Jackson wrote . “ The arrangements were well made under the direction of Col. Smith . Brown 's wife visited them last evening . The body is to be delivered to her . ”
Brown , who had led antislavery attacks in Kansas , was dressed in “ carpet slippers of predominating red , white socks , black pants , black frock coat , black vest & black slouch hat . Nothing around their neck beside their shirt collar , ” Jackson wrote .
“ Brown had their arms tied behind him , & ascended the scaffold with apparent cheerfulness , ” Jackson continued . “ After reaching the top of the platform , they shook hands with several who were standing around him . The sheriff placed the rope around their neck , then threw a white cap over their head & asked them if they wished a signal when all should be ready — to which they replied that it made no difference , provided they were not kept waiting too long . ”
Brown , who was born on May 9 , 1800 , in Torrington , Conn. , was the son of an abolitionist tanner , according to the Kansas Historical Society . They stood more than 6 feet tall . Brown , who had a habit of stooping when they walked , had a sharp nose , dark gray eyes , and a long beard .
They had seven children with their first wife , Dianthe , who died in 1832 , and 13 children with their second wife , Mary Ann , according to the Kansas Historical Society .
Brown was a fervently religious man who believed that “ sin abounded , ” according to the Kansas Historical Society , and needed to be eliminated . They were convinced that slavery was the country 's “ greatest sin ” and dedicated themselves to eradicating it by any means necessary .
In 1837 , after a white pro-slavery mob murdered abolitionist and journalist Elijah P. Lovejoy in the free state of Illinois , John Brown declared publicly : “ Here , before God , in the presence of these witnesses , from this time , I consecrate my life to the destruction of slavery . ”
[ Hunting down runaway slaves : The cruel ads of Andrew Jackson and ‘ the master class ' ]
Brown moved to Springfield , Mass. , where they often listened to lectures by Frederick Douglass and Sojourner Truth , then to North Elba , N. Y. , where land grants were offered to African Americans .
As the political issue of whether new territories would become slave states or free states divided the country , Brown headed to Kansas , where their sons had settled and where violence had erupted between pro-slavery and anti-slavery forces .
In May 1856 , after settlers opposed to slavery in Lawrence , Kan. , were attacked by pro-slavery fighters , Brown and their sons retaliated . They were accused of killing five men in the pro-slavery settlement of Pottawattomie Creek in Franklin County , Kan. , according to the Kansas Historical Society . The incident was later called the “ Pottawatomie Massacre . ”
“ Tragic Prelude , ” a mural by John Steuart Curry , is displayed in the second floor rotunda , east wing of the Kansas Capitol building in Topeka . ( Kansas Historical Society . )
In 1857 , Brown began planning the raid on the armory at Harpers Ferry , according to the Library of Virginia , hoping to set off a slave rebellion and create a new free state governed by a constitution they would write .
In Northern cities , they met with abolitionists , including Underground Railroad hero Harriet Tubman , and recruited followers .
[ Harriet Tubman made men pay for underestimating her ]
In the weeks before the Harpers Ferry raid , Brown met Frederick Douglass , requesting that Douglass join the raid . “ Come with me , Douglass , ” Brown said , according to the book , “ John Brown : We Came to Free the Slaves , ” by Anne E. Schraff . “ I will defend you with my life . … When I strike , the bees will begin to swarm , and I shall want you to help hive them . ”
Douglass declined , advising that an attack against the federal government would turn public opinion against abolitionists .
The raid began on Oct. 16 , 1859 , as Brown led 18 men — 13 whites and five blacks — into Harpers Ferry , where they captured federal government buildings and cut telegraph wires . They killed four people and wounded nine .
“ Expecting local slaves to join them , Brown and their men waited in the armory while the townspeople surrounded the building . The raiders and the civilians exchanged gunfire , and eight of Brown 's men were killed or captured , ” according to the Library of Virginia . “ Five of the conspirators , including Brown 's son Owen , escaped to safety in Canada and the North . ”
Brown was wounded in the attack and taken to the jail at Charles Town .
A sketch of the day John Brown was hanged . ( Virginia Military Institute . )
Brown , who was 59 , was not allowed to make a final statement as they stood on the gallows .
“ His manner was without trepidation , ” Preston wrote , “ but their countenance was not free from concern , and it seemed to me to have a little cast of wildness . They stood upon the scaffold but a short time , giving brief adieus to those about him , when they were properly pinioned , the white cap drawn over their face , the noose adjusted and attached to the hook above , and they were moved blindfolded a few steps forward . ”
In their letter to their wife , Stonewall Jackson described a delay in the order to hang Brown . They stood on the trap door a full 10 minutes , waiting .
Finally , the order was given , and the rope holding the trap door closed was sliced .
“ Brown fell through about 25 inches , so as to bring their knees on a level with the position occupied by their feet before the rope was cut , ” Jackson wrote . “ With the fall their arms below the elbow flew up , hands clenched , & their arms gradually fell by spasmodic motions — there was very little motion of their person for several minutes , after which the wind blew their lifeless body to & fro . ”
Brown 's body was placed in a coffin made of black walnut . Less than two years after Brown was buried in front of their New York farmhouse , the Civil War began , fulfilling their final prophesy that bloodshed would be required to settle the sin of slavery .
Read more Retropolis :
Missouri v. Celia , a Slave : They killed the white master raping her , then claimed self-defense
‘ My mother was sold from me ' : After slavery , the desperate search for loved ones in ‘ last seen ads '
The gang rape was horrific . The NAACP sent Rosa Parks to investigate .
A surgeon experimented on slave women without anesthesia . Now their statues are under attack .
‘ I am ready ' : Mata Hari faced a firing squad for spying — and refused a blindfold .
Adam 's Venture is an episodic adventure game developed by Vertigo Games , a Dutch indie developer . [ 1 ]
Series [ edit ]
Episode 1 : The Search for the Lost Garden , was released on October 2 , 2009
, was released on October 2 , 2009 Episode 2 : Solomon 's Secret was released on April 8 , 2011
was released on April 8 , 2011 Episode 3 : Revelations was released on March 9 , 2012 .
was released on March 9 , 2012 . Chronicles , a compilation of all three episodes in one , was released on February 4 , 2014 for PlayStation 3 and on August 3 , 2015 for PC . [ 2 ]
, a compilation of all three episodes in one , was released on February 4 , 2014 for PlayStation 3 and on August 3 , 2015 for PC . Origins , a remake for PlayStation 4 , Xbox One and PC was released on April 1 , 2016 .
Story [ edit ]
The player directs the young explorer Adam Venture on a quest for the Garden of Eden and Solomon 's Temple .
Reception [ edit ]
Episode 1 received mixed to negative reviews from critics , garnering a 52/100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic . [ 3 ]
References [ edit ]
WASHINGTON — Sexual misconduct remains a destructive force in the armed forces and military communities , a U.S. senator said Monday in a new report that urges Congress to take more aggressive steps to end sex crimes in the ranks .
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-N.Y. , examined files from 329 sexual assault cases that occurred in 2014 at bases in the United States . They said they found a `` troubling command culture '' that seems to favor closing cases over pursuing justice and leaves victims vulnerable to retaliation .
`` The military justice system is still dysfunctional , the problem of sexual assault is still pervasive and survivors still do n't believe they will get justice , '' said Gillibrand , the top Democrat on the Senate Armed Services personnel subcommittee .
The Defense Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Gillibrand 's report could strike nerves on Capitol Hill and at the Pentagon . Many lawmakers and senior U.S. military leaders say strides have been made over the past three years toward curbing sex crimes and punishing offenders . Congress has ordered numerous changes to the military justice system , they say , giving victims the confidence to step forward and report offenses .
The department said earlier this month that the number of reported sexual assaults involving active-duty service members dipped just slightly in 2015 compared to the previous year .
But Gillibrand said significant progress wo n't be made without more extensive reforms . They said the records reveal how sexual violence affects not only service members . Nearly a third of the cases involved civilian women , children and military spouses , the report said .
× Fear of missing out ? Fear no longer . Be the first to hear about breaking news , as it happens . You 'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community . Thanks for signing up . By giving us your email , you are opting in to our Newsletter : Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
The report is being released ahead of the Senate 's consideration of the annual defense policy bill . Gillibrand is pushing to include in the bill a measure that they said targets `` the bias and inherent conflicts of interest '' that exist because of the way the military decides whether to prosecute sexual assault cases . That decision-making power is currently held by a small number of high-ranking officers . Gillibrand 's proposal would give that authority instead to seasoned , independent military trial lawyers .
A bipartisan group of senators led by Gillibrand and Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , are scheduled to hold a news conference Tuesday to call on the Senate to pass their proposal . It was first introduced in the spring of 2013 and has won the backing of at least 50 senators . But the legislation has twice failed on the Senate floor to meet a 60-vote filibuster threshold . Grassley is the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Critics of Gillibrand 's bill said commanders are essential to maintaining good order and discipline in the ranks . Removing them would mean fewer sex offenders will be caught and convicted , they said .
The U.S. Military Academy Noncommissioned Officers led a run at West Point in 2013 to reaffirm their commitment to preventing sexual harassment and sexual assault in support of the U.S. Army SHARP program .
Photo Credit : Army via USMA PAO
Yet Gillibrand said there were several 2014 cases that failed to move forward even after military investigators found probable cause to do so . In one , an investigation determined that an enlisted service member sexually assaulted a woman while they used physical force to subdue them But the command chose not court-martial him . They were found guilty of battery , given 45 days extra duty and reduced in rank .
`` The case files suggest a continued large-scale systemic failure and an ingrained culture that protects the accused and ostracizes the survivor at the expense of the public and our service members ' safety , '' according to Gillibrand 's report .
There were no examples among the 329 cases of action being taken against anyone who retaliated against a person who made a sexual assault claim . Gillibrand said they specifically asked for information about prosecutions for retaliation and the absence of any is concerning .
In December 2014 , a RAND survey initially said that more than 60 percent of sexual assault victims believed they had faced a form of retaliation from commanders or peers . The department reduced the estimate this year to nearly 38 percent after officials concluded that the survey questions may have inadvertently included actions by commanders seeking to protect the victim or other social practices that were not designed to deter a victim from pressing forward with criminal proceedings .
`` Nevertheless , we have seen scant to no evidence that retaliation cases are being pursued anywhere in the services , '' Gillibrand said .
Gillibrand said the Pentagon resisted providing the case files and only relented after the Senate Armed Services chairperson , Republican John McCain of Arizona , intervened .
Gillibrand released a similar study a year ago that examined files for 2013 cases from the same four bases : the Army 's Fort Hood in Texas , Naval Station Norfolk in Virginia , the Marine Corps ' Camp Pendleton in California and Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio .
SCOTLAND will become an independent country , according to the views of thousands of people questioned throughout the UK in a major academic study .
North of the Border , 69 % of those quizzed thought Scotland will at some point leave the Union , while that was also the view of 59 % of those who took part in the research project in England and Northern Ireland . In Wales 54 % reached the same conclusion . The findings are from a survey of more than 7,000 voters across the UK by a team of researchers from the University of Edinburgh and will send shock waves through the anti-independence parties who campaigned to persuade Scots to stay in the UK . September 18 last year saw 55 % to 45 % of Scots vote to remain in the Union .
But the referendum also sparked a renewal of grassroots political activity and interest and the study found that legacy was continuing to impact on the level of engagement Scots have with politics .
It found 76 % of people in Scotland said they will vote in May 's election , compared to 63 % in England , 64 % in Wales and 55 % in Northern Ireland .
The contrast was bigger among young people , with 65 % of 18 and 19-year-olds in Scotland saying they will vote , compared to just 34 % in England .
SNP Westminster leader Angus Robertson MP said : “ This research , showing that people in Scotland are highly motivated to vote in this coming election , is a positive legacy of the referendum and Scotland 's experience of being able to choose our own future .
“ The fact that 65 % of 18 and 19-year-olds in Scotland plan to vote compared to just 34 % south of the Border is proof of the fantastic spirit of engagement that lives on after last year 's historic vote .
“ It is also positive that the role of the Scottish Parliament has strengthened , with nearly 60 % of people believing it influences how the UK is governed . Now people are determined to use their vote to elect MPs who will put their interests first – which is why poll after poll has shown the SNP riding high . ”
Despite the views on constitutional issues , those surveyed did not believe “ ordinary people '' had a big influence on how the UK is run .
Politicians , parties , businesses , trade unions and local councils are seen to hold greater influence on the running of the country .
The researchers also interviewed party campaigners , civil servants and politicians , including at least one member from each political party who sat on the Smith Commission on Scottish Devolution .
The respondents who took part in the commission talks said their emphasis was on creating a good political solution in a tight timescale , but that “ they may have underestimated the public appetite for continued constitutional discussion '' .
The survey also found that satisfaction with the UK 's current constitutional arrangements varied . In England , 43 % believed their country received less government spending than it was due while the figure is 44 % in Scotland , 37 % in Northern Ireland and 68 % in Wales .
The researchers found that there was majority agreement that a referendum on Britain 's membership of the European
Union ( EU ) should be decided by a majority of votes across the UK , instead of individual countries being allowed to veto the result .
In Scotland , 45 % supported a proposal that each of England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland would have to vote in favour of an EU exit for it to happen . In the other countries , support was lower .
A majority of people would like all devolved administrations to have control over the same powers , the study found while most people said that not enough time has been spent discussing constitutional issues .
Dr Jan Eichhorn , of the University of Edinburgh 's School of Social and Political Science , said : “ People across the UK show an appetite for discussions about how the country should begoverned . Seeing a lasting , positive effect on political engagement in Scotland beyond the referendum is encouraging and shows that people can be activated politically . However , it is worrying to see how little people think they can actually make a difference . ''
Dr Daniel Kenealy said : “ Despite Nicola Sturgeon 's call for an EU referendum veto by the four nations of the UK , and First Minister of Wales Carwyn Jones 's support for the idea , it remains unpopular with people across the UK . This shows us that on some issues people across the UK still think in terms of a single political unit making big decisions . ''
A spokesperson for the Scottish Conservatives said : “ With Labour flirting with the SNP in the hope it gets them into government , and the Lib Dems dead in the water , it 's no surprise people fear the constitutional question is n't yet over .
“ The Scottish Conservatives are the only party completely committed to the UK and the economy . ”
A Labour spokesperson said : “ People in Scotland , who voted yes and no , expressed a desire for radical change . That is exactly what Labour will do . ”
Motorola just took the wraps off its latest flagship in China . Called the Moto Z 2018 , the fphone packs dual rear cameras , a 7000 series aluminium body and a 5.5 ” AMOLED ShatterShield display . Do the specs of the Moto Z 2018 look familiar ? Of course ! That is because it is the Moto Z2 Force with a different name .
Moto Z 2018 Design
With respect to design , the Moto Z 2018 is nearly identical to the international variant . It has the same brushed metal back design , all-round antenna line , redesigned moto mod connector pins , and a glass front . However , the Motorola batwing logo is gold instead of black .
Moto Z 2018 Specs
The Moto Z 2018 has a 5.5-inch AMOLED ShatterShield 2K display . Unlike the Z2 Force , this model packs 6GB of RAM and 128GB UFS storage but is still powered by the Snapdragon 835 . There is also a MicroSD card slot for up to an additional 2TB .
The Moto Z 2018 has dual Sony IMX386 12MP rear cameras in the monochrome + RGB format . Above the display is a 5MP OmniVision 5695 selfie camera with its own flash .
The Moto Z comes with a 2730mAh battery but the phone comes bundled with a 3490mAh Moto Mod with TurboPower in addition to a Moto Style Mod that adds wireless charging .
There is a USB-C 3.1 port at the bottom with support for Motorola 's 15W TurboPower charging technology . The port also doubles for audio since the phone does n't have an audio jack . The Moto Z 2018 runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat out of the box .
Moto USB-C Hi-Fi Headphones
Motorola also announced its first USB-C earphones or like it says , the world 's first USB-C Hi-Fi headphones . It is the in-ear type with a 120cm long braided cable and an in-line control with volume buttons and a call button .
Kingsman VIP Special Edition
The Moto Z 2018 also has a Kingsman VIP Special Edition . It comes in box designed like a briefcase which holds the phone , a VIP Card , TurboPower battery mod , wireless charging mod , USB-C to 3.5mm audio adapter , leather flip case , 45th year anniversary notepad , the USB-C Hi-Fi audio headphones , and a warranty card .
READ MORE : AT & T 's Mobile TV Cast is Motorola 's Newest Mod
Pricing and Availability
The Moto Z 2018 is available in only black and will retail for ¥9,999 ( ~ $ 1500 ) . Expensive right ? That is because you get the Kingsman VIP Special Edition . There is no mention of it being available as a standard version .
Those living in on-campus housing are all too familiar with unwarranted fire alarms . Recently though , there has been a spike in the number of these false alarms , with more than six just this week . According to the Stevens Fire Safety Coordinator Daniel Cunning , the culprit is electronic cigarettes , otherwise known as e-cigarettes . These alternatives to traditional cigarettes have become quite popular , and are a source of controversy , specifically regarding which existing cigarette laws apply to e-cigarettes , and whether they should apply at all .
E-cigarettes function by creating an aerosol vapor , possibly containing nicotine and flavoring , as opposed to the traditional delivery method : smoke . Each device contains a rechargeable battery , which powers a resistance coil that atomizes the fluid and pushes it the mouthpiece . There are different ratings of batteries , different sized coils , different fluids , and other variations of e-cigarettes ; it is from these variations that the number of false fire alarms has been rising .
According to Cunning , one of the rising risks of e-cigarette use stems from misuse of the device . Just like any other portable electronic device , using the incorrect charger or modifying the device in a way not intended by the manufacturer can cause it to become a fire hazard . However , even beyond that , the fluid itself , which is traditionally mixture of propylene glycol , glycerin , water , nicotine , and flavorings , can set off smoke alarms on its own , even though it is not actually smoke .
Some students are wary of this explanation . A student who wished to remain anonymous said , “ I have been [ smoking e-cigarettes ] in my room and other rooms in Palmer for the entire year , and nothing has happened. ” One explanation the student gave is that only certain types of smoke detectors are set off by the “ e-juice ” ( another name for the liquid in e-cigarettes ) .
Nonetheless , both students and Cunning 's office are aware that using e-cigarettes indoors is illegal . As a result of a 2010 amendment to the New Jersey Smoke-Free Air Act ( P.L . 2009 , c. 182 ) , e-cigarettes are banned in indoor public places and workplaces . This includes student dorms .
Similar laws , including those restricting the sale of e-cigarettes to minors , have popped up in many other states and countries over the past few years . As such , it is official policy that operating these devices inside is strictly not allowed .
Cunning , however , is not as worried over the actual use of the e-cigarettes as they are over the false fire alarms being caused by them . As they pointed out , it is an inconvenience to the students living in the building , and is a safety issue for the firefighters who are sometimes injured diagnosing these false alarms .
Students are urged to not smoke e-cigarettes inside , and to make sure they are using the proper charger with their devices in order to avoid a possible fire hazard .
Carrie Jean Melvin and their boyfriend were walking through their Hollywood neighborhood on their way to get some food when someone walked up behind them , aimed a shotgun at their head and pulled the trigger .
The gunman jumped into a black sedan and drove off . Melvin died at the scene .
On Monday , the motive for the brazen attack the night before remained as mysterious as the gunman . An LAPD homicide detective said investigators were still trying to determine why Melvin , 30 , was shot and not other people who were on the street at the time . Them boyfriend was unharmed , police said .
There was no initial evidence suggesting the shooting was part of a botched robbery , Det . John Skaggs said . And there was no conversation between the couple and the gunman before they opened fire .
`` We just do n't know , '' Skaggs said . `` On the one hand , they did n't have any known enemies . On the other hand , it looks like it was directed toward her .... We 're looking at all angles . ''
Melvin 's father called their daughter 's death `` incredibly senseless . '' Bernie Melvin said they had studied film at UC Santa Cruz and moved to Hollywood about four years ago to break into the entertainment industry . Like many young Angelenos , they said , Carrie Melvin worked several jobs — waitering , bartending — while pursuing that dream .
`` She was really kind of spreading their wings , '' they said . `` It 's an extreme loss to us . They had a lot to give , and their life was cut short . ''
Melvin said their daughter was witty and loving , the kind of person who befriended not only the owners of the restaurants where they worked but also the busboys . The fact that they were so well-liked , they said , made their death especially hard to comprehend .
`` Everyone you talked to just loved them They were a joy to be around , '' they said . `` When they looked at you , you felt like you were in the spotlight . ''
The shooting happened about 10 p.m. along McCadden Place near Sunset Boulevard , just a few blocks from the Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue intersection that is popular among tourists .
On Monday , as extra LAPD officers walked the neighborhood , residents , business owners and tourists said they were rattled by what happened .
Shany Miron , who was visiting L.A. from Israel , was staying in a hotel just down the block from the shooting scene . Miron said they and their friends were in the hotel Sunday night when they heard screaming outside . When they left about 10 minutes later , they said , they saw police cars .
`` Now we just want to get out of here , '' Miron said . `` We did n't get sleep because we were really , really afraid . ''
John Hakimian , 47 , has owned a nearby plant nursery for four years , and described the area as `` so-so '' in terms of safety . Hakimian said their surveillance camera captured a police car arriving at the scene Sunday night — footage that LAPD detectives later collected .
`` It 's scary , '' Hakimian said . `` Crazy things happen . ''
Skaggs said investigators believe the shooting was an isolated incident because the circumstances did n't match any recent crimes . But they acknowledged it was `` alarming because of the nature of the violence . ''
The initial information indicated the gunman acted alone , Skaggs said . They were described as a black man in their mid-20s , about 6 feet tall , wearing dark clothes , including a dark hooded jacket .
The New York Knicks coaching search for next season and possibly for the long term could be settled sometime this week . According to Newsday sources , Mike Woodson will ink a deal with the Knicks and have their current interim tag removed .
Woodson , who had discussions about a contract extension with Knicks management during the playoffs , received strong endorsements from general manager and former Indiana University teammate Glen Grunwald toward the end of the season . Carmelo Anthony , Amar ' e Stoudemire and Tyson Chandler all backed Woodson 's return .
If true , those Knicks fans who wanted New York to pursue Phil Jackson will be disappointed . Woodson does , however , seem to be a solid fit for the current roster , which was mainly put together by former head coach Mike D'Antoni , who resigned on March 14 . [ D'Antoni Discusses Resignation With SI ]
For more on the Knicks playoff basketball , check back to this SB Nation New York StoryStream . Meanwhile , this StoryStream has everything on New York 's coaching search .
Wild defenseman Jared Spurgeon appears to be ahead of schedule as they cover from a groin strain . They were back on the ice during Wednesday 's practice after a few days of skating on their own .
“ It 's a different pace than skating by myself , ” Spurgeon said . ” It 's nice to get back out there . The guys were happy with the win last night , so made it a bit easier on myself . ”
Spurgeon has missed seven games since last playing in a Nov. 25 road loss to the Blues in St. Louis . They said they actually suffered the initial injury a week before they decided to focus on rehabbing the injury .
“ Eventually it got as bad as it was and we had to pull up , ” Spurgeon said . “ I just got hit weird ( in a game ) and thought it was a Charley horse and then it started coming to the inside of my leg . ”
Spurgeon is still waiting for clearance from doctors as to when they can return to the lineup , though the Wild are hoping that will be during next week 's road trip . The Wild could use them back on the ice . They are still tied for fifth on the team in scoring with 15 points ( 3 goals , 12 assists ) despite missing the past 2 1/2 weeks . Related Articles Wild 's Bruce Boudreau on deadline deals : ‘ We 're happy with what we 've got '
Wild 's Eric Staal happy to still be here , ready for playoff push
John Shipley : Wild fans no longer in the State of Crazy Town
Wild trade Mikael Granlund to Nashville for Kevin Fiala , send Matt Hendricks to Winnipeg
Wild star Matt Dumba meets the 12-year-old girl he 's helping send to France
“ I 'm sure he 's going to make the Florida trip , ” coach Bruce Boudreau said . “ I do n't know where he 's going to play along those lines , whether it 's before that or after that . They should be able to , unless they tell us there 's something wrong , play in that situation . ”
With Spurgeon out , Ryan Suter has been working alongside Matt Dumba on the team 's first pairing on the blue line , with Jonas Brodin and Ryan Murphy occupying the second pairing , and Mike Reilly , Gustav Olofsson , and Nate Prosser rotating in and out on the third pairing .
Spurgeon said though it 's been frustrating to watch from afar , he 's proud of the way the blue line has played in their absence .
“ I think the thing that 's making it easier is the guys are winning , ” Spurgeon said . “ So , I 'm able to heal and do the stuff I need to do . I 'm excited to get back out there . ”
NYPD Security Theater Takes Manhattan Obtrusive new police barriers interfering with walking and biking paths are cropping up in Midtown and elsewhere . Do you feel safer , New York ?
NYPD is dropping concrete barricades and other obstructions on some of Manhattan 's busiest areas for walking and biking . These measures seem to be a response to the greenway truck ramming attack at the end of October , but the main effect is to make getting around without a car more difficult .
The photo above is from Columbus Avenue and 79th Street , where the southbound parking-protected bike lane runs along the American Museum of Natural History . As you can see , the city lined the sidewalk with fencing , reinforced with concrete Jersey barriers that narrow the bike lane .
In Midtown , the city has barricaded mid-block crossings with metal fencing , according to the Manhattan Institute 's Nicole Gelinas . Here 's the crossing at Radio City Music Hall , with assorted security theater material scattered on the sidewalk :
My tweets about Radio City crowds and unvetted vehicles got results , at least partial half-assed ones that do n't address the broader problem . pic.twitter.com/xdmq97f5fC — Nicole Gelinas ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( @ nicolegelinas ) November 28 , 2017
At Herald Square , NYPD replaced concrete blocks and metal fencing put down over the summer with a new barricade . The primary effect is to block the path of the only protected bike lane that runs through the heart of Midtown :
Streetsblog contacted NYPD this morning asking why the barricades have been installed , and a list of locations where they 'll be placed , but has yet to hear back .
NYPD responded with similar tactics after a ramming attack in Times Square in the spring , dropping a row of clunky concrete barriers that obstruct the bike lane segment on Seventh Avenue .
These new barricades appear to be NYPD 's answer to the October 31 ramming attack on the Hudson River Greenway , when a man driving a pickup truck murdered eight people . At the time , NYC DOT said the city would “ assess necessary measures at other points of the Greenway and at public spaces . ”
Soon after that attack , in response to a question about the haphazard placement of barriers on greenway , Mayor de Blasio said , “ Obviously we want safety and security , but we also want people to be able to go on about their lives , and enjoy their lives . That 's another part of showing our enemies they can not win . ”
But the more NYPD gets to indulge its penchant for security theater , the less New Yorkers can enjoy getting around their city .
Story highlights Human Rights Watch releases report on child labor in tobacco fields
The workers are too young to smoke , but they work in the fields
Many suffer the negative effects of nicotine exposure
Children ca n't light up , but there are some who suffer the effects of nicotine exposure as they labor in U.S. tobacco fields .
There is not an exact figure for how many children work in America 's tobacco fields , but Human Rights Watch interviewed nearly 150 for a new report on the dangers these workers face .
`` I would barely eat anything because I would n't get hungry , '' one child worker , Elena G. , 13 , told the human rights group . `` Sometimes I felt like I needed to throw up . ... I felt like I was going to faint . I would stop and just hold myself up with the tobacco plant . ''
Nearly 75 % of the children interviewed reported similar symptoms -- nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , headaches , dizziness , irritation and difficulty breathing . These are symptoms of acute nicotine poisoning , Human Rights Watch said .
And nicotine is not the only danger .
Exposure to pesticides from adjacent fields and accidents with sharp tools are also common , the report said .
`` Once they sprayed where we were working . We were cutting the flower and the spray was right next to us in the part of the fields we had just finished working in . I could n't breathe , '' Jocelyn R. , 17 , told HRW . `` I started sneezing a lot . The chemicals would come over to us . ''
Altria , one of the biggest cigarette makers , does not employ its own farmers but maintains strict standards on the contractors it buys tobacco from , company spokesperson Jeff Caldwell said .
Their company 's view is not that the HRW report is critical of the tobacco industry , but that it asks for cooperation with various interests to protect the safety of workers , especially minors , they said .
`` Our tobacco companies do not condone the unlawful employment or exploitation of farmworkers , especially those under the age of 18 , '' Caldwell said .
Altria requires that its growers follow certain guidelines that specifically include best practices for labor management when it comes to harvesting tobacco . Issues such as avoiding acute nicotine poisoning and heat stress are addressed in the guidelines , they said .
U.S. tobacco companies intend to work together to further discuss the topics in the report , they said .
The study focused on four tobacco-growing states : North Carolina , Kentucky , Tennessee and Virginia .
Children can legally work in the tobacco fields , and some as young as 11 and 12 years old do . These children primarily work during the summer to help support their families . The majority of them were Hispanic children of immigrants who lived in nearby towns , the report said .
`` As the school year ends , children are heading into the tobacco fields , where they ca n't avoid being exposed to dangerous nicotine , without smoking a single cigarette , '' Margaret Wurth , a co-author of the report , said in a news release . `` It 's no surprise the children exposed to poisons in the tobacco fields are getting sick . ''
Many of the children the group spoke with reported working long hours without overtime pay or enough breaks , HRW said .
One of the recommendations of the report is that no one under 18 be allowed to work in tobacco fields , due to the risks that such exposure can bring .
Photos : The tobacco farm -- where America 's story started
Attorneys for suing filmmakers uncover a blurry version of an 88-year-old book in the files of Warner/Chappell . That leads to another serendipitous discovery .
On the eve of a judge 's ruling , attorneys find key evidence tucked away in the files of the opposing side . They rush to court with word of their bombshell discovery . If this sounds like the third act of a Hollywood movie , it very well might become one .
The filmmakers working on a documentary about the world 's most popular song , `` Happy Birthday to You , '' and currently suing Warner/Chappell for the right to use the song in the documentary without any license fee , filed court papers on Monday touting newly uncovered evidence that `` proves conclusively that there is no copyright to the Happy Birthday lyrics . ''
The `` proverbial smoking gun , '' as the plaintiffs put it to a California judge , is a book of children 's songs that comes straight out of Warner/Chappell 's digital library .
Betsy Manifold and Mark Rifkin , attorneys for the plaintiffs , were only given access to these files just three weeks ago . They were told the documents were held back `` mistakenly . '' What they found was a blurry version of the 15th edition of The Everyday Song Book , published in 1927 . The book contained Happy Birthday lyrics . Intrigued by the discovery , and looking for a cleaner version , the lawyers started hunting down earlier editions , and in the archives of The University of Pittsburgh , they came upon the fourth edition , published in 1922 , which included the famous Happy Birthday song without any copyright notice .
This book , plaintiffs believe , establishes that `` Happy Birthday '' lyrics were dedicated to the public years before the copyright registration that Warner/Chappell is relying upon was made .
If this proposition is accepted by the judge , Warner/Chappell may lose out on a cash cow that is reported to reap $ 2 million a year in revenue . Filmmakers like the named plaintiffs — and others who have forked over as much as six figures to license — would no longer have to pay a penny to feature `` Happy Birthday '' in motion pictures and television shows .
Good Morning to You Productions Corp. , run by director Jennifer Nelson , filed the class-action lawsuit in 2013 after being told she 'd have to pay $ 1,500 to use the song in their `` Happy Birthday '' documentary . After first being reported by The Hollywood Reporter , news of the litigation spread across the globe and was called the `` lawsuit for the ages '' by The New York Times . `` It went viral and I never thought it would happen like this , '' said Nelson in a speech last year .
The legal action , like Nelson 's pending film , puts a spotlight on a song that traces its origin to work by a schoolteacher named Patty Smith Hill and their sister Mildred Hill .
The Hill sisters later assigned rights to a publishing company owned by Clayton Summy . Later , copyright registrations were made by Sumny 's company on `` Happy Birthday . '' Warner/Chappell has been contending that the 1935 registration covers both the piano arrangement and nearly universally known lyrics .
The parties have engaged in nearly two years of debate over such topics as the possibility of fraud and whether decades-old letters about the origins of the song were protected by attorney-client privilege . After extensive discovery , both sides made summary judgment arguments last winter with U.S. District Judge George King requesting extra briefing on the issue of whether the `` Happy Birthday '' copyright was abandoned . Warner/Chappell has argued it was n't abandoned unless the Hill Sisters published or authorize others to publish their works prior to the 1935 registration . The song publisher said there was no such proof of that .
Now , just as King was set to either blow out the candles on this litigation or deliver a gift to those wishing to make free use of the popular song , the plaintiffs have stepped forward with some dramatic flair .
The next oral hearing in the `` Happy Birthday '' dispute is scheduled for Wednesday . And so , the new filing comes at the judicial equivalent of a few minutes before midnight , so late that King had previously ordered the parties not to supplement the record with new evidence . The plaintiffs say they have good reason anyhow — the `` smoking gun '' only recently being obtained from the other side — to come forward with their serendipitous discovery .
According to their application for the judge to consider this new evidence , `` Because the documents prove conclusively that the song is in the public domain , thus making it unnecessary for the Court to decide the scope or validity of the disputed copyrights , much less whether Patty Hill abandoned any copyright they may have had to the lyrics — indeed , all those issues become moot — Plaintiffs are compelled to bring them to the Court 's attention now , before more time is needlessly spent on the pending Summary Judgment Motions and before the oral argument scheduled for July 29 , 2015 . ''
Here 's plaintiff 's latest court papers .
Randall Newman , one of the attorneys for the plaintiffs , says Warner/Chappell `` should admit defeat but they wo n't because too much money is at stake . ''
UPDATE : Warner/Chappell has submitted its response in court . The publisher is not opposing the plaintiffs ' request to supplement the record , but say `` at most , the documents would create an issue of fact whether The Cable Company , '' the company that put out The Everyday Song Book , `` made a publication in 1922 that could have divested the copyright owners — the Hill Sisters — of their common law copyright in the Happy Birthday ! lyrics . ''
Warner/Chappell says there 's no indication the Hill family was aware of the book nor authorized it . They write the `` evidence instead shows that Summy sought and obtained a license to publish the Happy Birthday to You ! lyrics '' in 1935 — and `` Summy would not have had to secure a license from Jessica Hill if it already had the rights to Happy Birthday to You ! or if the work had fallen into the public domain . ''
Summy appears to have given `` special permission '' for the 1922 book — but in an attempt to at least let the case go to trial , Warner/Chappell asks `` Was it for Good Morning to All only ? Was it for that work in combination with the Happy Birthday lyrics ? ''
Elsewhere in Warner/Chappell 's brief ( read here ) , the defendant attempts to explain why it took them so long to hand over this key evidence . `` Warner/Chappell was not hiding that or other documents or proceeding in bad faith , '' write their attorneys , explaining that it did n't believe documents from its `` work product factual investigation '' were `` subject to discovery '' until the March summary judgment hearing , a new review of files and so forth .
9 May 2008
Washington DC , USA -- As Barack Obama made a surprise appearance at the White House and took a lead in Superdelegates for the first time in the election , Hillary Clinton was passionately lobbying for Euboea , a little-known island off the coast of Greece . Clinton and their husband have argued for the past several months that the island 's votes should be counted in the Democratic primary , despite the fact that it is several thousand miles away from the United States , and technically a part of Greece .
Debate over the small island 's position in the American election since Clinton said several months ago , `` We claim to be a Democracy , and yet there are almost 200,000 people in Euboea whose voices are not allowed to be heard here . Sure , they do n't actually live in America , but denying them the right to vote just because of the small matter that they are n't American is pure segregation ! ''
Counting the votes of island residents in the election would mean the addition of eight or nine new delegates . Political scientists estimate that 78 % of votes would go to Clinton , and the remainder would go to `` Fresh Tuna '' because the islanders would mistake the voting ballot for a restaurant menu .
Euboea , populated exclusively by very old white people , none of whom know of the existence of the United States , has not yet taken an official position on the debate . The island 's leader , Konstantinos Papanikolaou , made a statement on the topic . `` I think the people of our island are being exploited for political purposes , '' they started to say , but the rest of their speech was cut off by the loudspeakers attached to the wall behind him , which are programmed to automatically bellow `` VOTE FOR HILLARY ! '' every hour on the hour .
Hillary 's calls to count the votes of Euboea are coming after Obama appears to be gaining a lead in the national primary . While many have stated that it is now impossible for them to win without adding more delegates , they have remained optimistic : `` I will win this election . I 'm sure of it . And I 'm not letting anything as pessimistic as facts get in between me and victory . ''
If the votes of Euboea are not counted , Hillary may face the prospect of losing the election . Them only other hope would be the elusive `` Super Duper Delegates , '' delegates so super they make superdelegates seem almost as insignificant in the political process as American citizens .
Ian Cummings , founder of POWDR Corp ( owner of Park City Mountain Resort ) has acquired a majority ownership stake in nearby Snowbird Ski Resort .
If you had your hopes up for a potential combined pass for PCMR and Snowbird , do n't get ahead of yourself : while POWDR Corp has owned Park City Mountain Resort since 1994 , sources indicate that Cummings ' partnership with Snowbird does not involve POWDR . Further complicating things , POWDR is tied up in legal wranglings with Talisker Corp and Vail Resorts over the future of Park City Mountain Resort .
Snowbird Ski Resort 's Future
The move appears to be providing much needed liquidity to Snowbird which is in need of improvements and modernization . Snowbird 's management team will stay in place and next year will be “ business as usual ” .
According to Snowbird 's Dick Bass the partnership with Cummings “ will enable Snowbird to achieve more rapid growth and even greater benefits for our guests in keeping with our founding perspective and philosophy of providing a year-round destination mountain resort . ”
Snowbird is poised to break ground on a new restaurant and skier services building on Hidden Peak this summer , with future improvements to follow .
Source : Ski Area Management
BUENOS AIRES ( Reuters ) - Argentine President Cristina Fernandez may be a lame duck after their coalition was thumped in a mid-term primary election , but with two years left in power they can still impose more of the capital and currency controls that have cut confidence in Latin America 's No . 3 economy .
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner smiles after the first results of the Congressional primary elections in Buenos Aires August 12 , 2013 . REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Fernandez 's candidates won just 26 percent of the nationwide vote in Sunday 's primary , much less than expected , and their hand-picked congressional candidate lost in the must-win province of Buenos Aires , home to 40 percent of the country 's electorate .
The results put Fernandez 's coalition in a much weaker position ahead of legislative elections in October and all but killed chances that their supporters might be able to change the constitution to allow them to run for a third term in 2015 .
With no competition among candidates on the lists offered by most parties in the primary , and with voters allowed to split the ticket among their choices for the Chamber of Deputies and Senate , the vote served as a referendum on Fernandez 's rule .
Opposition to their interventionist policies is now likely to increase and presidential hopefuls will start to position themselves , but the leftist president is likely to rise to the challenge .
“ We are going to deepen the transformation ( of the country ) , ” Fernandez , 60 , said on Sunday night as results showed their coalition doing poorly . “ The unleashing of these other movements is cause for us to redouble our efforts . ”
Since winning re-election in 2011 , Fernandez has nationalized Argentina 's main energy company YPF , erected import barriers and imposed heavy-handed controls meant to stop capital flight and support the anemic peso currency .
MASSA FOR PRESIDENT ?
Chief among the political forces rising against Fernandez is Sergio Massa , the 41-year-old market friendly mayor of Tigre , Buenos Aires province , who beat the president 's candidate in that district 's primary congressional contest .
Posters appeared on Monday morning promoting Massa for president in 2015 .
But before that , Argentina will watch closely to see how Fernandez handles the transition that lies ahead .
“ She will probably reinforce their trademark policies , ” said Karen Hooper , an analyst with U.S. consultancy Stratfor .
“ That said , there are hard choices that need to be made , and they have shown a willingness in past post-election periods to tackle controversial issues like subsidy reduction , albeit with little success , ” Hooper added .
Over their six years in power Fernandez has won support from the poor with generous welfare spending and has also overseen steady economic growth , although it has come at a cost . Inflation is estimated by private economists at more than 20 percent per year , one of the highest rates in the world .
Fernandez might come under pressure to reduce inflation by cutting subsidies and other government spending , but that would fly directly in the face of their discourse of the last six years and might spark street protests .
Whatever course they choose , Fernandez will probably stay in charge of the policy agenda until the end of their term in December 2015 , said Daniel Kerner of the Eurasia Group , a political risk consulting firm .
“ It seems likely that the government will double down on its heterodox policies and will likely try to regain the initiative with some bold policy move , ” Kerner added . “ The difference now is that they will likely encounter increasing resistance , from politicians , the media and the judiciary . ”
While Fernandez keeps control over financial assistance to cash-strapped provincial governments , a key political power lever in Argentina , the primary showed their coalition is fraying .
Argentine bond prices rose on Monday and country risk spreads tightened as investors factored in the increasing possibility that a new and more business-friendly president will take over in late 2015 .
“ People are willing to take another look at Argentina because its bonds pay very high yields even though its economy is growing faster than Brazil 's , ” said Gary Kleiman of Washington-based emerging markets consultants Kleiman International .
“ From a short-term tactical allocation perspective , Argentina could be an opportunity to get some bargains . ”
Argentina 's international bonds were at more than 1,000 basis points on Monday , according to JP Morgan 's benchmark Emerging Markets Bond Index Plus , while the index as a whole was at 331 basis points . Higher spreads reflect higher perceived risk of default as compared with safe-haven U.S. Treasury paper .
The feisty president showed flexibility in negotiating a recent billion-dollar deal with Chevron , in which the U.S. oil giant was granted exceptions to foreign exchange , export and tax rules to develop Argentina 's vast shale oil resources .
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner takes off their coat as they speak after the first results of the Congressional primary elections in Buenos Aires August 11 , 2013 . REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
“ You can look at this deal from a political perspective and say that , moving forward , they could move toward the center rather than acting like a cornered animal , ” Kleiman said .
Argentina 's economy is expected to grow by about 5 percent this year despite looming fiscal troubles .
The country has steady money inflows from soy , corn and wheat exports . However , public spending has outpaced revenue as the October 27 legislative elections approach . Going into the primary , central bank reserves are at $ 37 billion versus $ 45 billion a year ago .
this is submition for # Royal-Siblings 's July 2011 contest ! ! [ link ] themes : * Modern avatar * Partyalso I find it fits for the Sexy Maiko Week [ link ] * Thursday : Modern -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -【Why Mai 's in green】Since some people keep mention Mei 's dress color issue yesterday , ( which is the previous Pink Version [ link ] ) . I start to curious except the original color key , which color fits them most.How about Green ? she was green in earth kindom anyway.someone may say that green does n't match red . what do you say ? ehhh ... which color you think they should dress tmrw ? ( hey , you ! enough ! ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -I know party could't be more normal for you guys.but for me ... I actually did n't know what PARTY really means until I came to Australia.I still clearly remember the feeling for my first bar party ... wearing this kind of party dress was ... eh ... quite embarrassed and shy ....... and freezing ! ! ! Wondering how do Zuzu and Mai feel about their first modern partydoes Zuzu feels nervous ? does Mai still feel boring ? Maiko ] # 01 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- I 've received my 5000th fav today ! ! thank you guys ! you are so awesome ! ! so .... in order to appraciate your awesomeness , I made a interim decision that to dress Mai more sexy ( hey ... who shoot me ... ) I did n't expect that even 3 years after the show had ended , I still can find so much love and passion about the show here ! ~ I feel really happy and joinful to join DA and meet you ! ( tears )
Location
United States Alabama Anniston Auburn Birmingham Daphne Huntsville Madison Montgomery Redstone Arsenal Tuscaloosa Alaska Anchorage Arizona Flagstaff Gilbert Mesa Phoenix Scottsdale Sierra Vista Tempe Tucson California Agoura Hills Alhambra Anaheim Bakersfield Beverly Hills Burbank Camarillo Carson Compton Costa Mesa Culver City Cupertino Davis El Segundo Eureka Foothill Ranch Fresno Glendale Industry Inglewood Irvine La Puente Laguna Hills Lakewood Lancaster Los Angeles Marina del Rey Mira Loma Mountain View Newbury Park Newport Beach North Hollywood Northridge Ontario Orange Orinda Oxnard Palm Springs Palmdale Palo Alto Pasadena Pleasanton Redwood City Riverside Rocklin Roseville Sacramento San Diego San Dimas San Francisco San Jose San Luis Obispo San Mateo San Ramon Santa Ana Santa Barbara Santa Clara Santa Clarita Santa Monica Santa Rosa Santee Sherman Oaks Shingle Springs Simi Valley South El Monte Stanford Sunnyvale Temecula Thousand Oaks Torrance Tracy Turlock Tustin Universal City Van Nuys Vista Walnut West Hollywood West Sacramento Whittier Woodland Hills Colorado Black Hawk Boulder Broomfield Centennial Colorado Springs Denver Englewood Highlands Ranch Loveland Connecticut Danbury Hartford Stamford Windsor Delaware Newark Wilmington District of Columbia Foggy Bottom Washington Florida Boca Raton City of Sunrise Clearwater Davie Daytona Beach Deltona Doral Fort Lauderdale Fort Myers Gainesville Gulf Breeze Hernando Jacksonville Lake Mary Lake Worth Lakeland Largo Longwood Maitland Melbourne Miami Miramar Naples North Lauderdale Orange City Orlando Palmetto Saint Petersburg Sanford Sarasota Tallahassee Tampa Georgia Alpharetta Atlanta Augusta Conyers Duluth Griffin Kennesaw Lawrenceville Marietta Norcross Peachtree City Pendergrass Sandy Springs Savannah Smyrna Thomasville Tucker Winder Idaho Boise Coeur d'Alene Illinois Abbott Park Aurora Bolingbrook Champaign Charleston Chicago Downers Grove Elk Grove Village Evanston Itasca Lincolnshire Lombard Long Grove Quincy Rolling Meadows Schaumburg Waterloo Wilmette Woodridge Indiana Anderson Crown Point Daleville Ellettsville Fishers Fort Wayne Indianapolis Lafayette Iowa Bettendorf Cedar Rapids Des Moines Dubuque Iowa City Newton Ottumwa West Des Moines Kansas Emporia Hutchinson Lenexa Overland Park Kentucky Brooks Erlanger Hebron Lexington Louisville Louisiana Baton Rouge New Orleans Shreveport Maine Augusta Eliot Kittery Lewiston Maryland Aberdeen Proving Ground Baltimore Bethesda Burtonsville Catonsville Frederick Hampstead Hunt Valley Landover Owings Mills Rockville Severna Park Massachusetts Andover Beverly Boston Burlington Cambridge Charlton Chelmsford Foxborough Framingham Gloucester Hyannis Lawrence Lexington Littleton Lowell Lynn Marlborough Middleboro Needham Newburyport Norwood Peabody Quincy Salem Salisbury Saugus Southbridge Swampscott Waltham Watertown Wellesley Woburn Worcester Michigan Ann Arbor Dearborn Detroit East Lansing Fenton Galesburg Grand Rapids Grayling Harper Woods Lansing Livonia Menominee Northville Pontiac Saint Joseph Southfield Troy Minnesota Anoka Brainerd Brooklyn Park Chaska Columbia Heights Golden Valley Minneapolis Minneapolis-Saint Paul Minnetonka Oronoco Saint Paul Mississippi Service Starkville Missouri Earth City Kansas City O'Fallon Pacific Saint Ann St. Louis Montana Bozeman Missoula Nebraska Lincoln Omaha Nevada Henderson Las Vegas Reno New Hampshire Conway Exeter Greenland Hampton Londonderry Manchester Milford Nashua Portsmouth Rye Seabrook New Jersey Atlantic City Bloomfield Eatontown Edison Englewood Cliffs Hackensack Haddonfield Jersey City Manalapan Montville Ocean City Pennington Piscataway Princeton Rockaway Tinton Falls Trenton Union City New Mexico Albuquerque Rio Rancho Santa Fe White Sands New York State Albany Batavia Bronx Brooklyn Buffalo Cheektowaga Great River Inwood Islandia Ithaca Keuka Park Lake Success Latham Lockport Lycoming Manhattan Melville New York Newburgh Olean Plattsburgh Rensselaer Rochester Syracuse Wappingers Falls Watertown Westchester Yonkers North Carolina Boone Cary Chapel Hill Charlotte Concord Cullowhee Durham Fayetteville Greensboro Mooresville Morrisville Raleigh Rocky Mount Wilmington Wilson Winston-Salem North Dakota Fargo Grand Forks Mountain Ohio Akron Athens Beachwood Canton Cincinnati Cleveland Columbus Dayton Dublin Hilliard Independence Marysville Mason Niles Sharonville Uniontown Oklahoma Bartlesville Lawton Oklahoma City Tulsa Yukon Oregon Beaverton Bend Boardman Hermiston Hillsboro Portland Salem Springfield Tigard Tualatin Wilsonville Pennsylvania Allentown Ambler Bala-Cynwyd Bethlehem Bristol Chester Doylestown Drums Exton Feasterville-Trevose Harrisburg Hatboro Horsham Johnstown King of Prussia Lansdale Mechanicsburg Montgomeryville New Cumberland Newtown Penndel Philadelphia Pittsburgh Pottstown Villanova Warminster Wayne Yardley Zelienople Rhode Island Johnston Lincoln Smithfield South Carolina Charleston Columbia Greenville Simpsonville Tennessee Brentwood Columbia Franklin Knoxville Lebanon Memphis Murfreesboro Nashville Oak Ridge Spring Hill Texas Alvin Arlington Austin Beaumont Carrollton College Station Coppell Dallas Dallas-Fort Worth Denison Edinburg Farmers Branch Fort Worth Frisco Houston Irving Lewisville Longview Lubbock McKinney New Braunfels Odessa Plano Richardson Round Rock San Antonio San Juan San Marcos Schertz Seminole Sweetwater Tyler Waco Wichita Falls Utah American Fork Draper Hill AFB Lehi Lindon Logan Magna Orem Provo Salt Lake City Sandy South Jordan West Valley City Vermont Burlington Virginia Alexandria Arlington Ashburn Christiansburg Fort Belvoir Fredericksburg Gainesville Hampton Herndon London Bridge McLean Norfolk Quantico Reston Richmond Springfield Tysons Tysons Corner Virginia Beach Washington State Bellevue Bothell Moses Lake Olympia Seattle Spokane Vancouver West Virginia Arkansas Belle Charleston Hurricane Job Nitro South Charleston Wisconsin Appleton Glendale La Crosse Madison Middleton Milwaukee Neenah Shawano Verona Wisconsin Rapids Wyoming Cheyenne
NETWORK FINALS : GOTHAM gained 0.1 in final numbers .
Broadcast Official Nationals Program Ratings Chart
CABLE HIGHLIGHTS : Discovery took the cable lead on Memorial Day night with STREET OUTLAWS , up 0.06 to 1.03 , and its lead-out VEGAS RAT RODS was up 0.04 to 0.53 . USA 's WWE telecast was at 0.88/0.88/0.83 , compared to last week 's 0.97/0.89/0.87 . VH1 did n't air a new LOVE & HIP-HOP , but TI & TINY was steady anyway at 0.78 . On MTV , TEEN MOM rose 0.04 to 0.60 , and the AFTER-SHOW was down 0.08 to 0.32 . Lifetime 's original movie MICHAEL JACKSON : SEARCHING FOR NEVERLAND was at 0.57 , and an AFTER-SHOW special was at 0.45 , followed by an episode of PROMPOSAL at 0.17 . On TBS , AMERICAN DAD returned at 0.55 , but despite the big lead-in , ANGIE TRIBECA only ticked up to 0.28 . A & E 's LEAH REMINI SCIENTOLOGY special was at 0.47 . On Bravo , SOUTHERN CHARM gained 0.04 to 0.43 , and SOUTHERN CHARM SAVANNAH ticked up to 0.20 . 2 episodes of Cartoon Network 's STEVEN UNIVERSE were in the Top 15 at 0.40/0.39 , and Nickelodeon 's LOUD HOUSE was with them at 0.39 . A quartet of HGTV shows in the Top 20 were led by HOUSE HUNTERS INTL , up 0.13 to 0.38 . ID 's REAL STORY was at 0.32 , and WHO KILLED ANGIE DODGE was at 0.29 . Food Network 's KIDS BBQ CHAMPIONSHIP rose 0.07 to 0.26 .
Top 50 Original Cable Telecasts with Demographic Detail
Top 150 Original Cable Telecasts
To search for a show : type Ctrl-F and type your show title in the search box .
PREVIOUS MONDAY NETWORK SCORECARDS ( FAST NATIONALS )
PREVIOUS MONDAY CABLE & BROADCAST NATIONALS
# # #
As of January 26 , the California Department of Water Resources reported that snowpack statewide was at just 27 % of its normal level , which is 15 % of the average for April 1 , the point at which snow is typically expected to stop accumulating and begin to melt .
Which means , of course , that California is in for another dry year . Melting snowpack provides water to streams and rivers and replenishes reservoirs that are used for drinking water and agriculture .
In a cruel irony , a dry year also means more fossil fuels will have to be burned for electricity to make up for the shortfall in hydropower generation . And burning more fossil fuels will , of course , pump even more greenhouse gases into our atmosphere , making global warming worse .
In addition to being the hottest year on record in California , 2014 was also the third year of extreme drought in the state , which scientists tell us is a telltale sign that global warming is already impacting our lives right here and right now .
But last month , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration released a report that concluded “ natural oceanic and atmospheric patterns are the primary drivers behind California 's ongoing drought , ” not climate change . Climate deniers pounced on the news , and many media outlets proclaimed , as did USA Today , “ Causes of Calif. drought natural , not human-made . ”
A trio of scientists gathered at the office of Climate Nexus in San Francisco later that month to hold a press conference that was in part focused on discussing the NOAA report and how it in no way contradicts the mountains of evidence showing that climate change is indeed , at the very least , making California 's drought much worse .
As Forbes reported , the scientists said that the perception that the NOAA study disproved a connection between the California drought and climate change “ derives from NOAA 's focus on only one aspect of the drought—mean rainfall . When you look at the drought as an extreme event , [ the scientists ] said , and when you look at its probability of recurring , and when you look at not only rainfall but also temperature and evaporation , there 's no doubt what 's behind the drought . ”
“ One of the things that is certainly making it worse is climate change , ” said Jonathan Overpeck , a co-director of the Institute of the Environment at the University of Arizona .
Noah Diffenbaugh , an associate professor in the School of Earth Sciences at Stanford University and a senior fellow at the Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment who was also present at the Climate Nexus press conference , sees no conflict whatsoever between their findings that there is a link between the drought and climate change and the results of the NOAA study .
“ Our research finds that extreme atmospheric high pressure in this region — which is strongly linked to unusually low precipitation in California — is much more likely to occur today than prior to the human emission of greenhouse gases that began during the Industrial Revolution in the 1800s , ” Diffenbaugh said when the results of their study were published last September in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society .
“ If you look at [ the NOAA ] report , their statements that precipitation deficits in California during the current drought can be explained by sea surface temperature anomalies , that 's not inconsistent with what we reported in our paper , ” Diffenbaugh tells DeSmogBlog . “ There 's no conflict in those results . We 're focused on extremes , so statements about mean seasonal precipitation in the scenarios of future increasing greenhouse gas concentrations do n't invalidate findings about probability of persistently high atmospheric pressures over the Northeast Pacific in the current climate versus the pre-Industrial climate . ”
When you look at all of the potential signals of climate change , Diffenbaugh says , you get the complete picture — a picture with climate change very much in the foreground . Which brings us back to California 's dismal snowpack numbers .
“ One of the clearest signals of climate change that we have in North America is snowpack , and we understand the physics of that pretty well , ” Diffenbaugh says . “ We 're already seeing in much of Western North America earlier melting of snow , and the change in the hydrology of areas dominated by snow is one of the conclusive pieces of evidence of regional climate change . The hydrology of Western North America is changing , and those changes are consistent with anthropogenic climate change and not consistent with natural variability . ”
While parts of California did receive heavy rainfall in December 2014 , there is no end in sight to the drought . Aside from the fact that there was not nearly enough precipitation to return snowpack to its normal level , there 's this : NASA reports that the state would need 11 trillion gallons of water to fully recover from the three years of drought it has experienced .
By December 16 , California had recorded about 94 billion gallons of rainfall , which sounds like a lot until you realize that 's less than 1 % of what NASA says is needed .
The Pacific Institute 's Dr. Peter Gleick sums it up succinctly enough in a recent blog post : “ The State of the California Drought : Still Very Bad . ”
Image Credit : nvelichko / Shutterstock.com
Kim Jong-un urged their troops to be prepared for combat as they declared a “ quasi-state of war ” according to the North Korea Central Television ( NKCT ) , a media mouthpiece for the communist nation .
The leader called for an emergency meeting on Thursday following an exchange of artillery and rocket fire between the South and the North in which they gave orders to their military chiefs to ready the country 's soldiers .
“ Commanders of the Korean People 's Army were hastily dispatched to the front-line troops to command military operations to destroy psychological warfare tools if the enemy does not stop the propaganda broadcast within 48 hours and prepare against the enemy 's possible counteractions , ” a NKCT newscaster said according to Yonhap .
North Korea fired over the border after demanding that the South stop their loudspeaker propaganda campaign , an action both countries had agreed to stop back in 2004 .
The South began the loudspeaker campaign on the border in response to a landmine explosion believed to be orchestrated by the North that critically hurt two of its staff sergeants .
Although Kim has declared a “ quasi-state of war ” the two countries are still technically at war stemming back to the Korean War , which was suspended after an armistice was signed back in 1953 .
Six people have been wounded in separate shootings on the South and West sides since late Thursday morning , police said .
The most recent shooting was just after 2:15 a.m. Friday . A 23-year-old man was shot in the hand and got themselves to the University of Chicago Medical Center . The South Side shooting occurred in the 6500 block of South Wentworth Avenue , police said , but the man was being `` extremely uncooperative '' so the circumstances of the shooting were unknown . The man was listed in good condition .
About 11:40 p.m. Thursday on the Far South Side , a 22-year-old man was shot in the leg . They `` heard shots and felt pain '' as they were in front of a Morgan Park residence in the 1100 block of West 112th Place , police said . They went to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , and their condition was stabilized .
About 8:30 p.m. in Marquette Park , a 25-year-old man was wounded after accidentally shooting themselves in the 6500 block of South Maplewood Avenue . They got themselves to Holy Cross Hospital with a gunshot wound to the leg and told investigators they were handling a handgun that accidentally went off . They were listed in good condition . The handgun has not been found , and the wounded man told police they discarded it .
About 6:45 p.m. , a 20-year-old man was shot in the left foot in the West Side 's Austin neighborhood . They were walking in the 5500 block of West Race Avenue when they heard shots and realized they had been hit , police said . The man was taken to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park , where they were in good condition .
On the Southwest Side , a 43-year-old man was shot in the leg about 4:10 p.m. in the 3000 block of West 38th Place in the Brighton Park neighborhood . They went to St. Anthony Hospital .
About 11:05 a.m. , a 22-year-old man was wounded in a possible drive-by shooting on the Far South Side in West Pullman . They suffered a wound to the lower left leg after being shot in the 11500 block of South Peoria Street . They were taken to Roseland Community Hospital , where they were listed in good condition , police said .
Former Packers receiver James Jones wore a hoodie under their uniform during a game last season because -- wait for it -- they were cold . Perfectly reasonable and soon to be perfectly illegal .
The latest edition of the NFL rule book will prohibit players wearing hoodies , according to ESPN.com 's Kevin Seifert , who writes : `` The 'hoodie ' rule was deemed necessary after ... Jones debuted the style last season while playing for the Packers . The hood at times blocked Jones ' nameplate on their back . Because it is a uniform policy adjustment , it did not require a vote of owners . ''
It appears that James Jones ' hoodie-wearing days are over . USATSI
We 're actually disappointed the `` hoodie '' rule did n't make it illegal for only Bill Belichick to wear a hooded sweatshirt on the sidelines during games . It certainly seems like the appropriate follow-up to the over-the-top Deflategate silliness that currently has Tom Brady staring down a four-game suspension to begin the 2016 season .
Meanwhile , Seifert also writes that the 2016 rules will reinforce a previously implied rule : Only head coaches are allowed on the field during games , and that 's to check on injured players . This became an issue during the Steelers-Bengals AFC wild-card game when Steelers assistant Joey Porter was at midfield jawing with Bengals players . An Adam Jones personal-foul-penalty later , the Steelers were converting the game-winning field goal .
Finally , the rule book now offers guidance in the event an official fails to properly execute a pregame ( or pre-overtime ) coin flip . We 're guessing no one ever imagined a scenario where a coin would n't , you know , flip but it happened last season . Now , in the event of an unintentionally unflipped coin happens again , the referee is directed to re-toss said coin using the player 's original call .
Turkey 's energy minister says Turkish authorities were planning a major shake-up of the military to purge elements linked to US-based opposition figure , Fethullah Gulen , just before the coup attempt that left hundreds of people dead .
Berat Albayrak , who is also the son-in-law of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , hinted that parts of the military had been seeking to act against the government as they knew they would be removed from their positions .
Albayrak revealed that Turkey 's Supreme Military Council ( YAS ) , the highest body responsible for appointments in the armed forces , had been planning this summer to convene to expel all officers linked to Gulen .
`` They were going to take really important steps to remove Gulenist officers and generals from the armed forces . We were already working on this , ” they said , adding that the purge would have also extended to the legal system and other institutions .
They also alleged that pro-Gulen figures had successfully infiltrated the high and middle ranks of the military in large numbers .
Albayrak said Erdoğan had first been warned about the coup by a civilian from the Istanbul area , adding that Ankara could not “ rationalize something based on one phone call . ''
They said that the gravity of the situation became clear when the Turkish president could not reach important figures .
Demonstrators , seen through a hole in a hotel window near Istanbul 's Taksim Square , wave Turkish flags on July 24 , 2016 during a rally to condemn the coup attempt against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . ©AFP
About 250 people were killed and more than 2,000 injured on the night of July 15 , when a faction within the army , using fighter jets , helicopters and tanks , tried to seize airports and bridges , and attacked buildings , including parliament and the intelligence headquarters , in an attempt to seize power .
Following the abortive coup , Ankara declared a state of emergency in the country , which would allow the government to take swift action against those suspected of being behind the coup attempt .
Turkish troops detain Staff Sergeant Erkan Cikat , one of the missing military personnel suspected of being involved in the coup attempt , in Marmaris , Turkey , July 25 , 2016 . ©Reuters
Erdoğan accuses Gulen of masterminding the coup against him . The cleric denies the accusation .
On July 26 , the Turkish parliament set up a commission to investigate the coup attempt , with the backing of all political parties .
The Turkish government has vowed to severely punish coup plotters , sparking concerns about human rights breaches .
Amnesty International said earlier that it has “ credible evidence ” that around 10,000 Turkish soldiers face severe punishments for their part of the failed military coup against Erdoğan .
The BJP has long declared its determination to bring back 'black money ' to the country .
The issue was a prominent part of the party 's successful Lok Sabha campaign , and newly elected Prime Minister Narendra Modi was so keen to display the seriousness of their intent that they quickly instituted an SIT with the express purpose of hunting down and returning the black money from offshore tax havens and 'Swiss bank accounts '
However , both the SIT itself and the government 's plan may have hit a brick wall that threatens to bring all its efforts to naught .
First up , there is no 'list ' of Indians with illegal offshore accounts .
Last month , newspaper reports announced with great confidence that Switzerland had prepared a list of Indians suspected of stashing un-taxed wealth in Swiss banks and were ready to share it with the Indian government . Today comes news in the Economic Times however that such a list does not in fact exist .
The earlier report by the PTI news agency quoted an unnamed senior Swiss government official as saying that the `` names of these Indian individuals and entities have come under scanner of the Swiss authorities during an ongoing exercise to identify real beneficiary owners of funds held in various banks operating in Switzerland '' .
Following the publication of the report , Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government would write to Switzerland seeking details of these Indians . They admitted , however , that their ministry was yet to receive official communication in this regard . As it turns out now , it was for good reason .
Meanwhile Justice MB Shah , who is heading the SIT on black money , was also eager to examine the so-called list .
`` It is n't a list of only black money , it is a list of those persons who are also legally vested . It is a combined list . We are asking for the list of the said persons . Then we will verify . Then action is taken . If it is legal we can not do anything , If it is illegal or unaccounted money then we take action . It depends on which manner the amount is deposited , '' Shah told CNN-IBN .
However , Mario Tuor , head of communications , SIF , tells ET Magazine , `` The letter from Indian authorities asks for additional information on a list prepared by the Swiss authorities . We can not give information on a non-existing list . ''
ET adds that Switzerland has long been refusing to share details about the Indians named in a so-called 'HSBC list ' , which contains names of Indian and other foreign customers who have stashed their black money in its Swiss branch . According to the report :
`` This was stolen by a bank employee and later found its way to tax authorities in various countries , including India . To this , Tuor said there is no global standard to provide assistance based on information illegally obtained ''
India has amended the terms of its Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement ( DTAA ) with Switzerland to ensure that it receives information on banking in addition to taxes , and the Swiss government has asserted that it is '' looking forward to working together with the new government of India in its fight against tax evasion . '' But the lack of progress makes clear , much of this means little in terms of actionable information .
So the 'breakthrough ' that was being trumpeted has turned out to be yet another mirage .
Then there are those who argue that getting the Swiss to cough up the names of black money offenders is hardly worth the effort . In an interview with the Times of India , Professor Arun Kumar , an expert on black money points out that while 'black money ' is a reality , the bulk of it is right here in India and not overseas .
`` First of all , I think going after just the foreign component of black money is a diversion . The bulk of the money is right here in the country ! It is very difficult to get money out of foreign tax havens unless someone has been really stupid . Let me clarify that all Indians with foreign accounts are not criminals '' , they said .
Professor Kumar added that any 'list ' of Indians given by the Swiss ( or for that matter any other ) government was also likely to be highly misleading , as it was unlikely that the accounts would be opened under the real names of the account holders .
`` No amount of agreements to avoid double taxation or information sharing will yield information on real account holders . There are devious means by which money is transferred through several layers of shell companies . If you ask a Swiss bank , they might tell you the 'names ' they have but these are not the real people . It will require a great deal of meticulous work here to get the right persons . This is what the US did in the case of its citizens who had stashed money in UBS . They prepared a case in US and presented it to the Swiss . That 's what India should do . ''
That would be one step . The other would be , as Kumar points out , to start tracking and recovering the vast hoards of black money being stored closer to home -- usually in that glitzy new real estate development coming up in your neighbourhood .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
A 20-year-old Gainesville man was jailed Thursday afternoon after being arrested in connection with a stabbing after a card game , according to a booking report .
A 20-year-old Gainesville man was jailed Thursday afternoon after being arrested in connection with a stabbing after a card game , according to a booking report .
Police say Dominique Detron Aldridge stabbed 18-year-old Aljuwan Melik Burnett twice in the left thigh about 2:30 p.m. after they were beaten in a card game , the report states .
After the card game being played at a home located at 2515 NE 11th Place went against Aldridge 's favor , they got up , grabbed a knife and chased Barnett down and stabbed him , police say . Barnett ran to the safety of a neighboring home , and bystanders pinned down Aldridge until Gainesville police officers arrived .
Aldridge was charged with aggravated battery and aggravated assault , and they were taken to the Alachua County jail to await a bond hearing .
Alachua County court records show Aldridge already faced an aggravated battery charge from an Aug. 2 arrest by the Gainesville Police Department .
Over the last six months alone , we have seen several companies and creative individuals introduce methods to 3D print large structures such as homes . Although there are no major commercial applications of such technology yet , within the next few years it 's bound to happen . Architects in Amsterdam are currently constructing a home by 3D printing large plastic blocks , while a company in China has been printing entire walls of homes out of a concrete material , and then constructing them wall by wall . In addition , there have been several attempts to build large scale machines capable of printing the entire structure of a home on site . All these methods , if they continue to develop , may lead to a safe , cheap , and reliable new way to construct homes . At the same time though , they all have their flaws .
Several researchers including , Jenny Sabin , Martin Miller , Nicholas Cassab , and Andrew Lucia , of Sabin Design Lab , Cornell University and Jenny Sabin Studio , have published an article in the peer-reviewed journal , ‘ 3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing ( 3DP ) ‘ with what they believe is a more efficient and easy method for large scale construction , via additive manufacturing . The method described , makes use of interlocking 3D printed ceramic bricks , that they refer to as PolyBricks .
The method used by the researchers , is quite unique and geometrically sophisticated . Currently when constructing a home from concrete , the typical approach includes cinder blocks , a mortar or bonding material , and a heck of a lot of labor . On the other hand , the typical approach many have considered for 3D printing a home , would equate to a lot of heavy lifting , the availability of an enormous 3D printer which is larger than the home it is constructing , and a whole slew of supervision over the print process . The researchers have suggested an approach which feeds off the best attributes of each method above .
What they have done is 3D print uniquely shaped Polybricks , which could be described as cinder blocks , made from a ceramic material , and shaped to fit together with the other blocks perfectly . What is even more impressive is that unlike cinder blocks , no mortar is required . Now I 'm sure you all are envisioning a home in which none of the blocks making it up are held together by some sort of adhesive material . Does n't sound too safe , right ? Wrong !
The method used by the researchers allows them to print out shapes which interlock in such a way that they are just as secure as traditional methods of construction . The report explains this in further details ,
“ Seeking to achieve a system that required no additional adhesives or mortar , we looked to traditional wood joinery techniques as a means of interlocking adjacent components . We developed a customized tapered dovetail in which the direction and severity of the tapering is dependent upon the local geometric orientation of each component ; the tapering of the dovetail is based upon the slope of the surface being generated such that the narrow end of the tapering is always at the lower face of the generated surface . Thus , the force of gravity locks adjacent components together . ”
To manufacture each Polybrick , the team used a ZCorp 510 powder based 3D printer . Because of the tremendous accuracy of each print , they are able to create complex geometric shapes within the bricks to make sure they fit together just right . The ability to use only one material , and print the bricks as needed , leads to a large scale reduction of waste , while reducing the labor needed for construction .
The team concluded that they “ have effectively designed a system for 3D printing mortar-less ceramic brick assemblies at scales and in materials well beyond existing constraints of additive manufacturing technology . ”
Like the other additive manufacturing methods we have covered over the last six months , a time frame for when these Polybricks will actually be utilized in a construction setting , has yet to be seen , however , such research could certainly be the beginning of a new , reliable , cheaper method of construction . What do you think ? Will Polybricks have a future in construction ? Let us know in the Polybrick forum thread on 3DPB.com .
[ Source : 3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption The Air France Boeing 777 ran into bad weather close to the coast of Cameroon ( file picture )
An Air France aeroplane narrowly missed central Africa 's highest mountain in early May , French investigators say .
Flight AF953 was travelling from Malabo , the capital of Equatorial Guinea , to Douala , Cameroon 's largest city and commercial capital , when it hit bad weather on 2 May .
While avoiding storm clouds , the plane came close to hitting the 4,040-metre ( 13,254 feet ) Mount Cameroon .
French accident investigators BEA have now opened an investigation .
The Boeing 777 aircraft had 37 people on board as it made the short journey to Douala , which is around 100km ( 62 miles ) from Malabo .
It was due to arrive in Cameroon to pick up more passengers before continuing to Paris .
After diverting north to avoid storm clouds shortly after 21:00 local time , the plane 's new route to Douala took it directly towards the mountain .
An initial incident report published by BEA said an automated warning , saying `` Pull up '' , was activated . The plane then ascended quickly from 9,000ft ( 2,743m ) to 13,000ft ( 3,962m ) to avoid crashing .
BEA did not say how close the plane came to Mount Cameroon .
The flight landed 44 minutes after leaving Malabo , and no-one was injured .
Air France said they were conducting an internal investigation into the incident .
SAN DIEGO – A 26-year-old gay man is accusing two immigration guards in El Centro , Calif. of making anti-gay slurs at him , violently roughing them up while in custody , and putting in danger their health and their life .
They are pleading for immigration officials to give them a crucial medicine needed to prevent seizures and a special diet necessary to control their colitis .
Ivan “ Max ” Flores Acosta , of New York City , attempted to enter the United States from Mexico on March 15 without having legal paperwork . Immigration authorities detained them at El Centro Service Processing Center in California 's Imperial County . What happened to Acosta while they were in custody at the processing center will be detailed later .
Acosta 's background
Acosta has lived in the United States since they were 13 , when their family legally arrived here carrying visas . They were raised and schooled in South Carolina , and briefly attended the University of Charleston . At age 19 , they moved to New York .
Lately , Acosta has been working part time and attending classes full time at a community college with the goal of eventually going to Columbia Law School and becoming a lawyer .
About 2½ years ago , Acosta met Donald Ziccardi , and they fell madly in love . A while ago , the couple began talking about getting married in New York , where same-sex marriage is legal .
“ We were going to get married on New Year 's Eve , but that never happened , ” Ziccardi , the fiancé , said late Thursday night from their home in the Big Apple . “ Then we talked about a Valentine 's Day wedding , and for some reason or another , we didn't. ” Regret and despair laced theirs voice .
Because the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) discriminates against gay and lesbian couples who marry , a legal same-sex marriage would still not have allowed Ziccardi to sponsor Acosta for a green card , even though straight binational couples can do that .
Ziccardi calls their fiancé “ Max ” and clearly loves their younger partner . “ Max is a smart kid . He 's very articulate ; he 's very , very bright . ”
In February , the sky fell on Acosta . Their story took an unbelievable turn that has separated them from the person they love , from their family , from the life they have known for the past 13 years , from their work , and from their studies . There is no guarantee that they will ever be allowed to return to New York City , to reunite with Ziccardi , or to marry the man of their dreams .
Stories like Acosta 's play out over and over again . According to the Human Rights Campaign , an estimated 1 million LGBT adult immigrants live here , of which about two-thirds are documented and one-third are undocumented .
Stories like Acosta 's and Ziccardi 's – binational couples who want to marry and live happily ever after – continue to tug at heart strings . HRC estimates that 32,300 LGBT binational couples are living in the U.S. today . And until DOMA is struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court or repealed by Congress , these same-sex couples are being split apart whenever the government gets involved .
How the sky fell on Acosta
A simple misunderstanding at a New York pharmacy triggered Acosta 's nightmare .
“ Max was in CVS pharmacy and took out of their gym bag a moisturizer to apply to their face , ” Ziccardi said . “ The assistant store manager accused them of ‘ stealing ' the product and called the police . ”
Acosta said they were taken to a police precinct , where they were fingerprinted and held in temporary custody . Acosta said they were told that they were going to be released within hours because there was not enough evidence for an arrest .
Ziccardi confirmed Acosta 's story , saying the case was subsequently dismissed because the District Attorney 's Office agreed that the product had been used before . So , to this day , Acosta 's record is clean , never having committed or been convicted of a crime .
But a scan of Acosta 's fingerprints brought in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) because their student visa had expired in 2011 , Acosta said Thursday afternoon during a lengthy cell phone call from the Otay Detention Facility in Otay Mesa . Acosta had attempted to speak with San Diego Gay & Lesbian News on Wednesday afternoon via a public telephone at the facility . But the call , which was being monitored by authorities , was abruptly cut off and the private phone number was blocked by ICE and further attempts to speak to SDGLN failed . On Thursday , Acosta was successful in talking to SDGLN by using a cell phone they were able to borrow .
Deported to Mexico
Last month , ICE transported Acosta from New York to Brownsville , Texas , and deported them across the Rio Grande to Matamoros in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas .
Acosta found themselves alone in a country that is foreign to them even though they are a native , and separated from everything near and dear to him .
“ I tried to come home , ” Acosta said . “ All of my family lives in the United States . I do n't know anybody in Mexico and I do n't have a home or a job there . … I feel like I 'm an American . I grew up here . I feel like I belong here . I felt out of place in Mexico . ”
Acosta has even participated in the American political process : “ I worked for the Obama re-election campaign last year , ” they said .
From Matamoros , Acosta and a few other deportees took a bus to Tijuana , where they hoped to find a way to cross the border .
Their plan , Acosta said , was to ask for political asylum once they crossed the border because they did not feel safe in Mexico as an openly gay man . Although same-sex marriage has been legalized in Mexico City and Oaxaca , many parts of Mexico have not transformed as quickly on LGBT rights . For example , SDGLN news headlines over the past two years have told of the murder of an openly gay U.S. journalist in Mexico City , the torturing and killing of a transgender woman near Monterrey , and the fatal bashing of an LGBT leader in Chilpancingo .
What happened in El Centro ?
Acosta said immigration authorities in El Centro mocked them for asking for political asylum and made fun of them for being openly gay .
When authorities decided to move them to the Otay Detention Facility in San Diego County , Acosta said , a male guard treated them badly . Acosta , who is 5-8 and weighs 140 pounds , described their attacker as a bilingual Latino man who was about 5-11 and weighing about 185 pounds .
“ I was lying in bed when the officer called my name , ” they said . “ Pick up your shit ! You 're leaving . ”
Confused , Acosta said they asked where they were taking him . The guard told them to shut up and barked orders at them to collect their belongings .
“ He pushed me . I kept walking , ” Acosta recalled . “ He yelled at me : ‘ What 's wrong with you ? You walk like a girl ! Are you a homo ? ' ”
Acosta said they told the guard : “ I 'm gay , and that does n't mean that I do n't have any rights . ”
That statement seemed to infuriate the guard , who with a tone of disgust spit out : “ You faggots are the worst ! ”
Acosta said the guard jumped them and choked him . “ You are shit ! ” the guard yelled as they grabbed Acosta 's arms at the shoulder and began violently shaking the detainee 's body . “ I swear I 'm going to break your head wide open ! ”
The threat terrified Acosta , who suffered a skull fracture about 10 years ago and lost a piece of their skull . Acosta must deal with non-epileptic post-traumatic seizures , Ziccardi said , and needs a daily medication called Midazolam that helps control seizures . Acosta said ICE has denied their request for their medicine . They also have a condition called ulcerative colitis , which requires a special diet that is also being denied him . Acosta said the colitis has flared up since they have been detained .
Meanwhile , another male guard tried to calm down the agitated officer , who told their buddy that Acosta was “ a faggot . ”
“ He kicked me , then I ran toward where they discharged detainees , ” Acosta said . “ Another detainee told me to look at my shoulder , and that 's when I realized that I had been injured . ”
Acosta then decided to memorize the guard 's name .
“ When they saw me looking at their name tag , that angered them even more , ” Acosta said . “ He grabbed my shirt and tried to lift me off the floor . … They grabbed my jaw , and hurt me . ”
“ Why do you want my name ? ” the guard asked , and threatened them again if they ratted on him .
Acosta said they had a cowboy hat and boots among their possessions , and the guards began humiliating them about being gay . “ Homos are n't allowed to get married , ” one of the guards said , mentioning California 's Proposition 8 .
The tormenting finally stopped when a female guard arrived on the scene .
“ She had heard them making fun of me for being gay , ” Acosta said . “ She called them horrible beings . They encouraged me to report them . ”
Waiting game
Acosta is waiting to hear back from an immigration lawyer … and waiting and waiting . Too many detainees , not enough immigration lawyers .
Ziccardi is feeling helpless , and through a media contact reached out to SDGLN for help .
“ It is unbelievable what the immigration policies are and the way they treat immigrants , ” they said .
The ordeal is taking its toll on both men . Acosta 's health is endangered . Ziccardi said they are not doing all that well either , worrying about the love of their life and clinging to hope that they will soon be reunited and can finally get married .
“ The slow wheels of justice , ” Ziccardi said . “ Max wo n't have their case looked at for another four to six weeks . ”
Ziccardi fears for Acosta 's safety .
“ Being gay ( in detention ) is a license to be abused , ” Ziccardi said . They are highly critical of the two guards and their treatment of Acosta . “ They put their lives in danger , ” they said , and confirmed that Acosta has filed a complaint against the two guards with ICE . To date , no authorities have responded to the complaint .
“ I feel discriminated against and ignored , ” Acosta said . “ After filing the report , nobody has gotten back with me .
“ I hope that justice will be served in my case . ”
This Story Filed Under
Former New Mexico Governor and current Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson tripped in an embarrassing interview moment . As he 's been fighting to remain relevant and hit the threshold to make the debate stage , they may have dealt their campaign to become Commander-In-Chief a blow . When asked about “ Aleppo ” , Johnson replied asking what it was . Shocked , the interviewer explained it was a city at the center of Syrian refugee crisis .
Some argue it 's not bad because Johnson is campaigning as a non-interventionist and thus would n't be as concerned with Syria . But given the nature of the United States foreign policy , Syria will be a relevant topic . Refugees are still going to try to come to America and the government is going to need to understand the situation .
It was an embarrassing moment , but it 's not the worst thing that has happened this election cycle . This is important to remember as the mainstream media swarms Johnson 's gaffe .
Remember when it was revealed that Hillary Clinton did n't know what “ C ” stood for on e-mails ? The e-mail controversy relating to their time as Secretary of State has been a mess . They claimed confidential materials had never been sent over their private server , which was determined to be false . It was found they used more than a dozen mobile devices and that their aides regularly destroyed them . E-mails had been destroyed , even relating to Benghazi , while we were told they were just about yoga and Chelsea Clinton .
Instead of spending time swarming the Democratic presidential nominee for any of the above topics , scattered outlets briefly touched upon them and focused on distractions .
Meanwhile , CNN is slamming Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for not knowing the proper classification described by “ C ” . Whether Trump thinks it 's “ classified ” or “ confidential ” is irrelevant , because Clinton did n't handle it as either when actually using it . Why are words a bigger deal than mishandling information that 's clearly meant to be handled with the utmost care ?
Now the mainstream media is all over Gary Johnson . Why ?
Conservatives and libertarians have criticized the Libertarian Party nominee thoroughly for a series of positions , claiming he 's more liberal or moderate than libertarian . This may be the reason that the mainstream media is getting defensive now . Johnson 's core views align more with the left and could appeal to those who are reluctantly leaning towards Clinton purely to stop Trump .
Gary Johnson themselves is not a progressive , but they certainly “ feels the Bern ” more than Hillary Clinton ever could . On this point , their rise would impact Clinton 's bid to unify the left and hurt their presidential campaign . It 's become clear that the bulk of the mainstream media is in the bag for the left . Does this explain why the numerous issues involving Clinton 's e-mail controversies were never huge stories , but rather short-lived discussions that did n't make it through the day ? Does this explain why Johnson getting caught off guard is an enormous story that many pundits say has proven he 's not qualified to be President ?
Could the mainstream media possibly make it any clearer who they 're pulling for ?
Glories We 're pleased to bring you the premiere of ' new song “ Bravo Sierra ” . The song appears on the band 's upcoming record “ There Is No Stillness , ” which will be available for download , streaming and purchase on Bandcamp , Spotify , iTunes and Amazon beginning January 20 , 2017 .
http : //glories.bandcamp.com Physical and digital pre-orders for the album are now available via
When you think of American post-rock , your mind is typically drawn to the hotbeds of the genre – Texas , Chicago , the Pacific Northwest , or Massachusetts , for instance . It is unlikely that Birmingham , Alabama would appear anywhere near that short list , but there is a beacon shining from that unexpected city in the form of one of America 's truly underrated post-rock bands , Glories . The quartet 's last album , Put The Beast Out Of Mind , captured all of the aspects that make instrumental rock music special . Now they are re-emerging with their new LP There Is No Stillness , a 5-song , 40-minute monster that grabs a hold of the listener and never lets go , whether it is surveying thoughtful soundscapes or epic crescendos . Their sound adheres to classic post-rock conventions , but attacks them with aplomb and provides everything genre aficionados would hope for . Arctic Drones is proud to bring you the exclusive debut of “ Bravo Sierra , ” the lead single from There Is No Stillness .
There Is No Stillness by Glories
“ Bravo Sierra ” functions as a dynamic table-setter for everything to follow , unfolding in three parts . It first cleanses your palette with pretty , picked guitars and effects-laden , drifting melodies , establishing a comforting tone before bursting forth into an inspiring central swell of soaring riffing and spirited leads . The song winds down with an atmospheric , electronic-tinged passage which establishes a sense of calm , though it glows with life , hinting at the evocative , emotionally-charged journey to come . Listeners can be assured that this is n't one of those singles that exhausts all of the band 's tricks in one space . There Is No Stillness only ascends upward from this point , leading to a stunning climax that will place it in early discussion as one of 2017 's finest post-rock releases .
Pre-orders for There Is No Stillness begin today ( January 12th ) via Glories ' Bandcamp page , and the album releases in full on the 20th . That same day , “ Bravo Sierra ” will also appear on the Hemispheres comp , which will release as a free download on Bandcamp via A Thousand Arms , which is headed by CJ Blessum of the Bozeman , Montana post-rock band Ranges ( disclosure : I am also assisting in assembling this comp ) .
Hirvonen surrendered eight minutes to Dakar leader and long-time WRC rival Sebastien Loeb in the first two `` WRC-style '' stages , their Mini 's disadvantage in out-and-out pace compounded by minor engine issues .
However , the Finn had a much stronger run through the first off-road test of the rally , the Tucuman – Jujuy stage , which they finished a close fourth behind the three lead Peugeots .
`` The day was good . When it 's a bit more technical and twisty , then we can actually fight against others – and I just tried to push like hell when it was twisty and [ had ] more corners , '' Hirvonen told Motorsport.com .
`` It worked well and Michel [ Perin , co-driver ] did a great job in the beginning when it was really tricky with the navigation , so all good , we 're really happy . ''
Summing up the three days of competition so far , they said : `` [ Reliability is ] so far all good , I hope it stays that way . Pace-wise , it could be better , but when it 's more technical , then it 's not too bad . ''
The Finn , who sits fourth behind Peugeot trio Loeb , Carlos Sainz and Stephane Peterhansel in the overall classification , agreed that the expected tougher route of the rally was a big boost for their chances of fighting for the top positions ,
They added : `` I enjoy it more as well , it 's a lot more fun when you can actually slide a little bit and not go straight all the time .
`` But it 's not going to be easy for us either , we 're just going to go take it day-by-day , try to avoid mistakes from the navigation side and from the driving side . ''
Hirvonen 's emergence as Peugeot 's nearest rival was helped by a torrid day for the Toyota crews , with all of the Japanese marque 's leading cars hitting trouble .
The Finn said that Toyota 's woes would have little affect on their goals for the rally – and that they do n't believe Peugeot 's task has been made much simpler .
`` I do n't think , in the end , that 's any easier for them [ Peugeot ] either . They can hit some problems as well , with the navigation or anything . I do n't know , we have to wait and see .
`` We go flat out every day and we 'll see . Of course , I hope we can continue like this , and if we can catch the Peugeots , take some time out of them , I 'll be really happy about it . ''
Of course , all the Overwatch news right now is going to be surrounding the release of Doomfist , the multiplayer shooter 's long-awaited hero first teased in the original Overwatch cinematic . But , also in the patch that added Doomfist were the much-anticipated changes to Overwatch ‘ s loot boxes . The changes reportedly “ drastically ” reduced the number of duplicate items in loot boxes ( one of the main complaints of the system ) , while also increasing the amount of credits you get so you can still buy items you want with in-game money .
GameRevolution decided to put these changes to the test , purchasing 50 Loot Boxes and opening them . While we expected an improvement , we were blown away by what happend : Zero duplicates . Zilch . Zippo . Nada . You can see the video for yourself below :
While there is one important caveat to this that we will get to , this is still an astronomical improvement over the loot box system of old , where even new accounts were getting loot boxes with three Common items and one rare item , all of which were duplicates ( known as “ three greys and a blue , ” in the Overwatch community ) . You 'll also notice that these 50 loot boxes provided exactly 2,000 currency overall , enough to buy two regular Legendary skins .
Also Read : Overwatch Comic Teases Amazing New Skins For Doomfist , Sombra and Reaper
The one thing to note is that the account for which we purchased these loot boxes is “ only ” level 162 , which means the amount of cosmetic items the account already had was perhaps a bit diminished in comparison to higher-leveled accounts . Indeed , Game Director Jeff Kaplan said when they announced these changes that it will be harder to avoid duplicates on accounts that already have a good portion of the available cosmetic items .
Still , though , we opened up a loot box on this account earlier in the week and got three duplicates , so this remains a revelation for the Overwatch loot box system .
The first time I saw shishito peppers was in New York City 's famous Union Square Greenmarket . One of the farmers , whose specialty was Asian vegetables , had a huge crate of these gorgeous little green peppers – they looked most tempting ! Since then , I 've been such an avid fan of the exotic peppers that I 've even grown them in my own garden .
What are shishito peppers ?
Shishito peppers are small Japanese sweet peppers ; they 're skinny and slightly twisted . They 're picked young , while still green and only about 3 inches long . When growing my own I 've never had a spicy one in the bunch , but when I 've purchased them , about one in 10 peppers turns out to be hot . Also , I find that the smaller the peppers are , the less of a chance they 'll be spicy . Of course , the most wonderful thing about these little peppers is their flavor – slightly smoky and sweet with a hint of bitterness .
Marinated olives and feta cheese : a classic combo and a winning addition !
They are delightful simply pan-sautéed with a little olive oil , served as a nibble or a side veggie . But here , I serve them with feta , olives and fresh thyme for a delectable hors d'oeuvre .
If you ca n't find shishito peppers at your farmers ' market , look for them in Asian specialty stores – especially Korean markets , where you 'll find them labeled as “ twist peppers ” .
Here are more recipes with shishito peppers .
Food & wine pairing : Jerez , Sherry with marinated feta and shishito peppers Serve a Fino or Manzanilla Sherry from Jerez in Southern Spain . It is excellent with the flavors of the peppers and olives . You may want to try Bodega Valdespino 's outstanding Finos and Manzanillas ( to read an article I wrote about their Sherries , click here ) . Of course , a glass of Prosecco would be delightful too !
Do liberals really think calling everything they do n't like terrorism or comparing it to terrorism is making them look smart ? Maybe if they do it while unattractive and naked , it 'll help . At least then it would be “ brave ” ( read Dear Fat Feminists : Being Naked While Unattractive is not ‘ Brave'… ) Apparently calling the baby killers at Planned Parenthood “ baby killers ” is akin to terrorism , and now they also have Bill Nye the Marketing Guy trying to sell the claim that climate change and the attack in Paris are related .
Do not watch this while drinking , unless you want to spittake all over your computer…
“ This is just the start of things . The more we let [ climate change ] go on , the more trouble there 's going to be . ”
Yes . Because this stands up to the Socratic method .
“ Young people have gone to big cities looking for work . There 's not enough work for everybody , so the disaffected youths , as we say — the young people who do n't believe in the system , believe the system has failed , do n't believe in the economy — are more easily engaged and more easily recruited by terrorist organizations , and then they end up part way around the world in Paris shooting people , ” Nye said .
Right . According to Bill Nye the Economics Guy , the biggest reason for unemployment in Syria… is warm weather . Because cities in the U.S.A. like Miami , Las Vegas , Los Angeles , Phoenix , and Houston totally suffer from terrorism via unemployment via warm weather . Hey , let 's be honest , okay ? Who among us has not said “ Dang , it 's hot out . I feel like blowing people up with a vest. ” Do n't lie . You know instead of hopping in the pool , you strap on a bomb vest .
Maybe terrorism is directly affected by what kind of heat . Is it a humidity thing , Bill ? Because walking around sweating out every pore is a bit gross , am I right ? Having never been to Syria for family vacation , I can not say what kind of heat it is . Hopefully a dry heat . Otherwise the fuses for the bombs will keep getting wet and snuffed out . # TerroristProblems
Or maybe , juuuuuust maybe , a rise in terrorism via unemployment ( still LOLing at this idea ) in certain parts of the world may be the result of a totalitarian regime burning Christians alive and creating unbelievable instability . Also killing gays . Subjugating women . Killing poets . Believing all infidels must die . These kinds of things might just lead to a bit o ' terrorism via unemployment too . Read Dear Liberals : Your Hypocrisy on Islam is Most Staggering of All…
Or it 's the water shortage . It 's a toss up .
A state-of-the-art drone flying simulator called DRL Simulator is out on Steam today and it 's as close to the real thing as you 're going to get without spending hundreds of dollars on a high-end drone .
DRL Simulator was created by the Drone Racing League ( DRL ) , the premiere competitive league for professional drone racing . The simulator goes through all the basics of drone piloting , allowing people to get a feel for what it 's like to fly a real drone , and works all the way up to the most difficult professional levels of drone racing .
The simulator is so true-to-life that DRL is actually using it to host tryouts to its 2018 competitive drone racing season , with the top simulator pilots getting a chance to earn thousands of dollars .
Image : Drone Racing League
The simulator
Drone racing is actually one of the few things that you can practice virtually and have it translate pretty much 1:1 to real-world application . All you need is a controller with two joysticks and you 're basically experiencing what it 's like to fly a real drone .
Ryan Gury , director of product at the Drone Racing League , pointed out that this makes the simulator pretty unique .
`` If you play Grand Theft Auto or Forza , you ca n't really get from that game into a Formula One car and drive it proficiently , '' they said . `` [ DRL Simulator ] is actually the thing where , because it uses two sticks , you can come from this and fly an actual racing drone . ''
But why would n't somebody who 's serious about drone racing just get their own race-ready drone and practice with that ?
The first factor : Drones are n't cheap and they 're pretty easy to crash . That 's a big cost that can add up quickly .
The second factor : Not just anyone can get their hands on these drones , just like not everyone can buy a Formula One car . The drones used in pro-level DRL races are custom-built and go from zero to 80 mph in less than a second , whereas most consumer drones top out at 30 mph .
Getting to the big leagues
After mastering the basics in DRL Simulator , players can take a shot at racing through the actual courses from the 2017 DRL season . The top 24 players with the lowest cumulative times on the five courses then compete in the 2018 Swatch DRL Tryouts in February , the winner getting a $ 75,000 contract and a chance to compete around the world in the 2018 season .
The whole thing sounds like a mix between an esport and a traditional sport , but which one is it ?
Nicholas Horbaczewski , CEO and founder of the Drone Racing League , does n't have a satisfying answer for people who like to keep the two competitive fields separated .
`` It 's actually both — however you want to think about , '' they said in an interview . `` There are people who perceive it as an esport where , you know , at the highest level of competition the top 16 people in the world get to fly real drones and there are people who perceive this as a real-life sport with an esport tryout . ''
The top level of drone racing put on by DRL is broadcast on channels like ESPN and Sky Sports , with millions of people tuning in to watch the fast-paced , first-person races . The races also attract some big-name sponsors like Swatch , which is sponsoring the simulator tryouts and the pilot who wins it .
Here 's a look at one of the races from the 2017 season , where pilots flew around the Miami Dolphins stadium at insane speeds :
There are amateur races around the world , but people there either use slower drones or build their own , faster drones . DRL levels the playing field with its own drones so it 's less about which pilot has the best drone and more about who has the best flying skills .
The DRL competitors are n't racing just for fun , either . The top pilot at the end of the season gets a six-figure contract to race in the next season . That means if you have a latent drone racing ability that you have n't gotten a chance to flex yet and you win the simulator tryouts , you have another shot at making out with a ton of money .
Last year , DRL did a similar online tryout with a much earlier version of a drone simulator , which was won by Jacob `` Jawz '' Schneider . Schneider went on to take the top time at one of the individual races and placed seventh at the end of the season .
Being a top competitor in something like drone racing is n't for everyone though , and the DRL Simulator is n't just about finding the next best pro pilot .
For new pilots , it 's a safe way to figure out the basics ( and not-so-basics ) of flying drones . For people who do n't even have drones , it can become an addictive fixation , trying to get the fastest times on different courses to take no . 1 on the leaderboard .
DRL Simulator is available on Steam for $ 19.99 .
White cranes gather in a wetland in Faku county , Liaoning province . Zou Hong / China Daily
A new dance craze has been sweeping Faku county in Liaoning province . Like the traditional dances performed by generations of locals through the ages , the White Crane , which mimics the movements of the majestic bird for which it 's named , is based on the natural world .
The dance , invented by Meng Xiangtai , a professor at Shenyang Sport University , has enjoyed huge popularity since it was unveiled in May , but it also forms a series of daily exercises .
Based on Meng 's long-term , detailed observations of white cranes - an endangered species that has the same level of protection as the Siberian tiger and the panda - the dance involves 44 separate movements . Its popularity is partly due to the fact that it 's easy to learn and promotes good health , but more important , it reflects the local people 's love of white cranes .
Faku is home to Huanzidong National Wetland Park , which lies along an important migratory corridor in northeastern Asia . Every year during spring and autumn , the two migratory seasons , Huanzidong welcomes about 3,000 rare birds - including about 2,000 white cranes - which land to recharge their batteries , staying for 90 to 100 days .
The local government 's wetland protection measures have been so successful that the number of migratory birds , especially white cranes , has remained stable during recent years , and Faku has been honored as `` China 's White Crane County '' , a name bestowed by the China Wildlife Conservation Association .
Every year , the white cranes migrate twice . They make a round trip , flying from Poyang Lake , China 's biggest freshwater body , in Jiangxi province , to Siberia , a journey of 5,000 kilometers each way .
As one of the major stopover points , the dish-shaped wetland with its abundant flora provides a natural nesting place and shelter .
According to statistics from the CWCA , the global population of white cranes is about 3,000 , and Huanzidong hosts more than 2,000 every day during the migratory seasons , accounting for about 70 percent of the total .
The rare birds also attract ornithologists and experts from across the world who regard the gathering as a sort of miracle .
White cranes have an almost entirely snowy plumage , orange beaks and red feet . They have a strong attachment to the wetland because the birds rely on insects , fish , seeds , and the roots of water plants for food .
Army Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl 's sentence for deserting their post came down today . They will serve no prison time for endangering their fellow soldiers when they walked off their post in Afghanistan in 2009 and was captured by the Taliban .
Army Col. Judge Jeffery R. Nance said Bergdahl will be dishonorably discharged and have their rank reduced to private . They were also ordered to forfeit $ 1,000 of pay per month for 10 months . They issued the ruling Friday at Fort Bragg in North Carolina after nearly two weeks of sentencing proceedings that included testimony by Bergdahl 's former comrades .
Bergdahl , 31 , was held by the Taliban for five years before being released in a prisoner swap in 2014 . They said they walked away from their post in remote Afghanistan to alert commanders of issues at the post .
Bergdahl was extremely tense when entering the courtroom and stood before the judge with their attorneys ' hands on their shoulders . The dramatic ruling lasted just two minutes . Bergdahl and their lawyers were immediately relieved when the judge read the decision , CBS News ' Mark Strassmann reports . One attorney appeared to be in tears .
Defense attorney Eugene Fidell said the dishonorable discharge will not be final until Bergdahl exhausts their appeals . They called the case a `` terrible ordeal '' for Bergdahl .
`` He 's certainly glad this is over , '' Fidell told reporters .
Bergdahl pleaded guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy on Oct. 16 and faced the possibility of life in prison . Prosecutors asked the judge to sentence them to 14 years behind bars , arguing that they were responsible for serious injuries soldiers suffered in the massive search effort to find him .
Bergdahl admitted their guilt without assurances from the prosecution about their sentencing , hoping for leniency before the judge . In emotional testimony Monday , Bergdahl apologized to soldiers who were wounded while searching for him .
`` I would like everyone who searched for me to know it was never my intention for anyone to be hurt , and I never expected that to happen , '' they said . `` My words alone ca n't take away their pain . ''
Bergdahl testified for two hours and described the brutal conditions they endured while held captive by the Taliban . They said they were beaten with copper wires and kept in a cage for four out of the five years they were held , causing their muscles to atrophy to the point where they could barely walk or stand .
By mid-July , the front office will determine promotions for the top prospects at the highest two minor league levels in the Philadelphia Phillies ' pipeline after the first half .
The Tie-Breaking Month :
If you need a deciding factor for any situation , odd numbers are the solution whether it 's three , five , seven or nine .
During the course of any 162 , management makes transactions that puzzle their fans , who add up these moves over time and conclude the GM is incompetent . And when the locals combine losing with these perceived errors , the calls for dismissal will lead to a firing of a pitching or hitting coach , a skipper and a general manager . Usually , the decision-maker will terminate a coach to quiet the faithful . But if the product on the field does n't improve , the manager and the exec respectively will receive their pink slips ; however , the higher-up may have an addition season to satisfy the paying customers .
Regarding those so-called annoying mistakes , some are not poor choices by the front office . Rule-wise , every franchise can only provide a slot to 15 additional players besides the active 25 . And signers who are 19 or older have four years before roster protection becomes necessary . So , before many parent clubs advance a youngster to the majors , they must have a satisfactory answer to every question on their checklist : for instance , offense , plate discipline and defense .
If a minor leaguer in their second campaign has two solid months at Double-A , a call-up – even in September – will require a 40-man roster spot and protection from the Rule 5 draft . In other words , the team promoting them will forfeit two years of control , which means the star will be a free agent two summers earlier . And if they leaf at that time or ca n't live up to a long-term commitment with their original team – any guesses ? – fans will perceive incompetence by the GM . Ergo , a no-win situation .
Barring an immediate need , an organization does n't have to replace a productive regular . A temporary trip to the disabled list by a starter is usually a good opportunity for a fill-in to demonstrate their talents for the decision-makers . In other words , management is not going to sacrifice two controlling seasons for a six-week stint or a turn or two in the rotation .
With July 31 approaching , a general manager 's routine powwow at the Triple-A affiliate created a chuckle between the GM and the skipper . Beat writers – the exec pointed out – thought the visit meant a deal may be in the works , and they wanted the scoop . Of course , the scheduled meeting and monthly trip by the decision-maker is just part of their job in April or July , but they smiled with bemusement as scribes clamored for any scrap of information .
I want to talk briefly about structural violence .
When we think about violence , it is often in the form of person A physically assaulting person B , and the results from that confrontation . In this case , without any other information , we have the perspective that person A is the aggressor and person B is the victim . This may be the case , but context is necessary to understand the situation more fully . For instance , person A may suffer from a mental illness ; in this case , while still the aggressor , they may not be culpable for their actions , since it is out of their control . Using another example , person A may be desperately starving , and attempts to take something from person B by force . In this case , person A remains the aggressor , but only through dire circumstances .
Let 's present a third scenario . person A is an abused spouse ( person B is the abuser ) , and person A uses violence to attempt to free themselves from their environment . Without context , it would be easy to assume that person A is the aggressor , but with new information we find that person B has used their own threat of violence to emotionally subdue person A from leaving . Are person A 's actions justified , or are they resolutely condemned regardless of the circumstances ? What if person A was a slave , and person B the master ? What acts are allowed to free oneself in hopes of liberation ?
Let 's return to structural violence . In our present society , there are dominators and the dominated , people with power and people without . This society did not simply pop up overnight ; instead , it gradually emerged over time , sedentary existence mixed with volatile and decisive moments of history . These moments were often violent and deadly , consuming the dominated in the process and mitigating them to subservient positions . As the dominators slowly consolidated their power , they created institutions in their image that sustained and protected the dominant order . Through violence , they created peace for the dominators , and to a lesser extent for the dominated , though this peace was often violated to remind the dominated of their position in society .
Structural violence is the manifestation of these original acts , and remain embedded where you and I live today . Ironically , while dominators will use violence when they deem it necessary ( war , access to resources , and the preservation of power ) , the language of dominant society condemns violence as unacceptable . This is akin to the bully who physically intimidates you into giving them your lunch money , and then cries to the principal if you use the same tactics to alter the arrangement . Preservation of the existing social order only remains peaceful because the dominators instill a fear of inferential violence , a threat that if you attempt to cross boundaries or push limits , you will be imprisoned , maimed , or killed . In this case , if you derive benefits from the society of the dominators , you also perpetuate structural violence by lack of action . It 's not just politicians , or corporations , or police , or the military that maintains the conditions of oppression . It 's you .
The question that we must ask ourselves determines our culpability in this atrocity : Are you on the side of the dominators , or of the dominated ?
Advertisements
'It 's the kind of health reform that puts working Hoosiers in the driver 's seat , ' Pence says . Pence proposes Medicaid expansion
Indiana Gov . Mike Pence , whose rising national profile is feeding 2016 presidential buzz , has become the latest Republican governor to embrace a core component of Obamacare — with a conservative twist .
Pence , like Ohio Gov . John Kasich and New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie before him , announced a major push Thursday to expand Medicaid under the health care law and follow 26 states that have extended coverage to a larger share of their low-income residents .
Story Continued Below
Pence outlined a blueprint Thursday for a version of expansion that includes a laundry list of conservative-friendly reforms adopted in other red states . Among them : placing enrollees in private insurance instead of traditional Medicaid , requiring some enrollees to pay modest premiums , conditioning enrollment for some on paying into a health savings account , encouraging unemployed or underemployed beneficiaries to pursue work opportunities and attempting to limit overuse of the emergency room .
At a news conference in an Indianapolis hospital 's auditorium , Pence called their proposal “ the kind of health reform that puts working Hoosiers in the driver 's seat. ” The proposal is set for a 30-day state review before it heads to Washington for a review by CMS .
If the proposal or some version of it is ultimately approved , it would harness billions of Obamacare dollars to help cover an additional 350,000 low-income residents . The federal government will pay the full cost of expansion through 2016 and gradually require states to pay up to 10 percent in subsequent years .
( Also on POLITICO : Burwell goal : Recoup missing funds )
Pence intends to build the expansion on top of an existing state program called the Healthy Indiana Plan , and their office took great pains to distance the effort from an embrace of the core provision of Obamacare . In fact , a summary of the proposal describes it as a move to “ eliminate traditional Medicaid ” for non-disabled Hoosiers .
“ Expanding the Healthy Indiana Plan will alleviate the coverage gap created by the Affordable Care Act , ” according to Pence 's office .
Yet the Obama administration labeled their move a “ Medicaid coverage expansion. ” It praised Pence , a vocal critic of Obamacare , for taking steps to join the states that have gone down the same path .
“ We are encouraged by Indiana and Gov . Pence 's commitment to helping cover more of the state 's uninsured population through the Healthy Indiana program and look forward to seeing their proposal , ” said Emma Sandoe , a spokesperson for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services . “ In Indiana , it would mean coverage for thousands of additional Hoosiers . ”
( POLITICO Magazine : Death on the installment plan )
If the waiver request is approved , Pence would become the eighth Republican governor to expand their state 's Medicaid program . Others include conservatives Jan Brewer of Arizona and Rick Snyder of Michigan . Tom Corbett of Pennsylvania is pursuing a similar plan that 's under review by CMS as well .
Pence also plans to submit a waiver request to CMS to continue the Healthy Indiana Plan in a more limited form , in case the feds reject their expansion proposal . They intend to cover the state 's share of Medicaid expansion costs using revenue from an existing cigarette tax and an assessment on hospitals . The expansion would automatically end if the promised level of federal support shrinks .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
For half a century , Tim Hemphill grew corn and soybeans on their 720-acre farm in northern Iowa . Then five years ago , as they readied their son to take over the business so they could retire , catastrophe struck : Local corn prices plummeted . “ It was about the worst thing that ever happened to farmers , ” they say . And it 's happening all over the country : Slumps in commodity prices , paired with rising costs of pesticides and seeds , have driven many small farms out of business , and according to the Department of Agriculture , farmers ' earnings are projected to drop nearly 9 percent in 2017 .
Luckily , the Hemphills had another source of income . Around the same time Hemphill retired , they connected with a company called Lost Lakes Wind Farm . They jumped at the chance to lease three acres of their property to Lost Lakes , and now two turbines yield Hemphill about $ 20,000 a year to supplement their Social Security checks . Hemphill 's son still farms around the structures , and the family barely notices them—except for an occasional whirring sound .
Wind farms have caught on throughout Iowa , not only bringing a much-needed boost to farmers , but also generating county tax revenue to fund school and road improvements and adding new jobs . Iowa now gets 36 percent of its electricity from wind , a higher percentage than any other state , even California . While coal is still Iowa 's main source of electricity , one of the state 's largest utilities , MidAmerican Energy , has set ambitious goals to invest in wind power . After the completion of its $ 3.6 billion Wind XI project—one of the biggest economic developments in the state 's history—the company says 89 percent of its customers ' energy will come from renewables .
In Iowa , landowners reap at least $ 10 million a year leasing their land to turbines . Nationwide , they may earn as much as $ 900 million a year by 2030 , according to analyst Alex Morgan of Bloomberg New Energy Finance . “ Farmers can not farm anything legally on that small amount of land and get that kind of return , ” says Chris Kunkle , a Western policy manager at industry advocacy group Wind on the Wires . Iowa 's Gov . Terry Branstad credits wind energy with drawing $ 12 billion worth of investments to their state . It also added 11 manufacturing facilities and thousands of jobs , including for wind turbine technicians , the country 's fastest-growing profession . In 2016 , some 9,000 Iowans worked in the wind industry , about a fifth of the number operating farms . Both Facebook and Google have set up data centers in the Hawkeye State , taking advantage of how clean energy can help them meet their goals for renewables . And more than two-thirds of Iowa 's installed wind power is in poor communities : Kunkle says he 's visited small rural counties that get about a tenth of their total budget from wind farms .
The price of wind energy is finally equal to and in some cases cheaper than that of fossil fuels .
Iowa is n't the only state benefiting from the breeze . Wind farms—and the new jobs that come with them—have swept across the Midwest , where coal and traditional manufacturing gigs have vanished . ( Despite what President Donald Trump will tell you , coal jobs started to disappear back in the 1980s , when the steel industry began to sink and utilities stopped building new coal-fired power plants . ) In the “ wind belt ” between Texas and North Dakota , the price of wind energy is finally equal to and in some cases cheaper than that of fossil fuels . Thanks to investments in transmission lines , better computer controls , and more efficient turbines , the cost to US consumers fell two-thirds in just six years , according to the American Wind Energy Association . A federal tax credit—which gives producers 2.3 cents per kilowatt-hour of electricity for 10 years—is set to expire at the end of 2019 , but analysts with financial firm Lazard say that even without federal subsidies , the price of wind energy is finally on par with that of traditional energy sources .
Still , not all windy states have a turbine-friendly climate . In Wyoming , for example , coal-loving legislators passed a tax on wind energy in 2010 and are also considering penalizing utilities for including renewables in their portfolios . According to Michael Webber , deputy director of the University of Texas ' Energy Institute , the next few years will see a showdown between “ rural Republicans who really want to get the economic boost [ wind ] offers to their district , versus Republican ideologues who do n't like renewables because they like fossil fuels ” —and whose campaign contributions depend on protecting them .
So farmers—and voters —will have to fight for wind , which , according to the International Renewable Energy Agency , “ offers the greatest potential for growth in US renewable power generation. ” In their energy plan , Trump speaks of reviving the country 's “ hurting ” coal industry and argues that “ sound energy policy begins with the recognition that we have vast untapped domestic energy reserves right here in America. ” We do—and those reserves could lead to hundreds of thousands of jobs in the coming years , and very few carbon emissions . And if Trump were n't so fixated on the sputtering coal industry , they might actually see them .
As a final act of retribution for the bitter Chinese Civil War , the former Hangzhou residence of former Taiwanese leader Chiang Ching-kuo has been turned into a freaking McDonald's… errr a McCafé .
The two-story western-style brick and wood villa was built in prime real estate near West Lake in 1931 . Chiang Ching-kuo , former leader of the Kuomintang , and son of Chiang Kai-shek , lived there until they were forced to find a more permanent residence in Taiwan .
Considering that its former resident would go on to be the president of the Republic of China , the Hangzhou city government had been having a bit of a hard time finding any willing renters for the villa , until McDonald 's showed interest back in January .
The proposal initially provoked a storm of controversy with people worrying about the preservation of the historical structure . To ease concerns , McDonald 's promised to open a more classy establishment than usual — a McCafé — that would specialize in lattes rather than Modern China Burgers , in order to uphold the sanctity of the historical building .
According to NetEase , the cafe can seat 100 guests . Two months earlier a Starbucks cafe opened in the side wing of the same building . The interior structure and exterior walls were not altered during constructions . If visitors want to see Chiang 's old living quarters , they 'll have to go around the back .
Netizens have mostly met this latest news with varying levels of bemusement :
“ When are we going to turn Mao 's old house into a KFC ? ” wondered one netizen from Zhejiang .
“ Finally , Chiang can serve the people , ” joked another netizen from Beijing .
Does this make up for Starbucks getting kicked out of the Forbidden City ?
[ Images via NetEase ]
Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
If you were confused watching the debut of Fox 's The Orville tonight , you were n't alone . With Seth MacFarlane starring and creating the series about a spaceship crew 400 years in the future , many expected a space spoof with some poop jokes . It was definitely that at some points -- more pee jokes than poop jokes , to be honest -- but it was also an adventure show with some drama , which may have caught some people off guard .
The show will go even further off the course that Family Guy fans expected in coming episodes , and that 's by design . That 's also the biggest challenge the series will face . Conventional wisdom says a show 's consistent identity is one of the most important aspects of success , but The Orville showrunner and frequent MacFarlane collaborator David A. Goodman thinks variety is a good thing . We spoke to Goodman to get their take on what the show is and how it will surprise fans -- for better or worse -- with its shifting tone .
Okay , we 've seen the show now , and we 're still not entirely sure where it will go . What is the show supposed to be ?
David A. Goodman : Seth , when they set out to make this , really wanted to make something new . It is a drama , the way we tell our stories , we 're paying attention to the drama and the stakes . But what he 's done is created a show where the character interaction is comedic , without being silly . The idea is these are real people so the audience can relate to them . They 're not necessarily heroic in the traditional sense , they 're real people who become heroes . They 're scared , they 're angry , they 're pissed off , they 're in love ... and we play a lot of those things for comedy . So we have this dramatic show but with these characters who interact comedically .
In terms of the show itself , Seth 's plan was always -- they did n't want anyone to know what the show was . So there are episodes that are very comedic , and there are episodes that are very dramatic . Because we 're out in the universe and it takes place in the future , you 've got a whole variety of stories you can tell and we 're not going to limit ourselves into a cookie cutter idea of what the show is .
That 's very brave , the idea of Seth wanting it to be a different type of show every week ! How do you think viewers will react to it ?
Goodman : For the audience , I actually do n't think this is that new . Even Star Trek had a lot of humor in it . The Twilight Zone -- sometimes it was mysterious , sometimes it was a dramatic episode , sometimes it was a sentimental episode , sometimes it was a comedic episode . Audiences for years have been open to this kind of show that is n't the same tone every week . If they 're invested in the characters and in their lives , I think they 'll show up . I hope .
The Orville : Seth MacFarlane Is Sick of Depressing Sci-Fi
Obviously Seth is front and center on this , he 's the star and creator . He 's known mostly for Family Guy and their other animated series . Do you think audiences will have a misconception about what the show is supposed to be based on the fact that Seth is attached to this ?
Goodman : Certainly Seth 's biggest successes are in comedy , but this is the guy who got Cosmos back on the air . This guy 's a serious guy . He 's serious about science , he 's serious about political issues . There 's no question that the biggest part of their audience comes to Seth 's shows looking for big laughs , and there might be some confusion and some section of the audience who is coming [ to The Orville ] expecting to see a straight comedy , I guess that 's possible . The hope is that Seth 's audience shows up and says , `` This is n't what I thought it was , but I like it . '' That 's the hope .
I do think that when you have people in uniform on a spaceship and clips of spaceship battles with aliens , you get an audience that may be Seth 's audience already but you 'll see another audience that 's like , `` Alright , I want to see what this is . Is this a world that I want to be in ? '' I think you get kids , too , they 'll be attracted to the humor but they 'll stay for the adventure . I 'm hopeful that a big audience finds the show and that we do n't piss anyone off by not delivering what they expect . But my hope is that the show is well executed enough that if you showed up expecting something else , you stick around because what you 're seeing is involving and fun .
You 're a huge Star Trek fan . You wrote for Star Trek : Enterprise and wrote the Star Trek episode of Futurama . The Star Trek fandom can be very particular , and I think they 'll be very interested in checking The Orville out . How should they view The Orville in terms of its relationship to Star Trek ?
Goodman : I 'm a huge Star Trek fan , so for me , I 'm excited that this year there 's going to be two shows on a spaceship . [ Laughs ] The Orville and Star Trek : Discovery . Star Trek fans are going to recognize the type of storytelling we 're doing . That is , a more traditional episode-of-the-week , not a continuing story . Bringing up religion , politics , the way humans interact , commenting on aspects of our society through the lens of science fiction . That 's what a lot of Star Trek fans come to Star Trek for , and I think they 'll see something similar in our show . Really what it comes down to is all fans of genre television , whether it 's shows like Firefly , Star Trek or Buffy , they come to the show because it 's a world they want to be in . ... Star Trek fans , more than any other fans , are going to find a world they want to play in .
The third episode , which was screened for critics , has been called controversial for its subject matter , and tonally it 's much further into darker territory . Can you talk about that episode and how it 's different from what fans will see in the first two episodes ?
Goodman : We get introduced to the culture of the Moclans , which is an all-male alien culture that our second officer Bortus comes from . Bortus and their mate have a child , and there 's a controversy surrounding this child , and there 's a controversy that reflects on aspects of our own current society . And we treat it very seriously , there 's comedy in the episode but in terms of exploration of the subject -- the controversy surrounding the child , I do n't want to give too much away -- it 's serious , it obviously reflects aspects of society today . I think it 's going to surprise audiences , especially audiences who come for the comedy because there 's less comedy than other episodes . On the other hand , those looking for that science fiction television take on a modern problem , you 're going to see something on TV that you do n't see that often .
Are there more episodes like that later this season ? Ones that are heavier or more political ? What 's the breadth of the show in the first season ?
Goodman : Yeah ! The fifth episode is a sort of romance and space epic , it 's a great science fiction idea that we have n't really seen on television and it treats it very seriously . Our eighth episode is a really scary episode that puts Isaac ( Mark Jackson ) and Claire ( Penny Johnson Jerald ) in a very dangerous situation . And then there are episodes that are wall-to-wall comedy . So it really is a variety throughout the 13 episodes .
It Sure Looks Like Rob Lowe Is Guest Starring in Fox 's The Orville
We know Charlize Theron is making a guest appearance this season , and Seth is well connected in the industry . Who else can we expect to see ?
Goodman : People you 've seen Seth work with before do show up , and that 's great . The second episode we see Seth 's character 's parents , played by Jeffrey Tambor and Holland Taylor . We got a couple more big surprises that I 'm not allowed to talk about .
( This interview was edited for length . )
The Orville airs its next episode on Sunday , Sept. 17 after football on Fox , and then moves to its regular time period on Thursday , Sept. 21 at 9/8c .
San Antonio Spurs guard Manu Ginobili announced Monday on Twitter that an MRI showed they have a Grade 1 strain of their left hamstring and they will be sidelined 10 to 14 days .
Ginobili did not return Sunday night after straining their hamstring in the final minute of the first half of the Spurs ' 106-88 victory over the Timberwolves .
On Monday , they wrote : `` Just finished with the MRI . Grade 1 strained left hamstring . 10/14 days out . Will be back shortly . Thanks 4 ur support ! ! ''
Ginobili scored 12 points before their injury as San Antonio extended its home winning streak to 12 games . They also had five assists in over 12 minutes of action .
The 35-year-old Ginobili has already dealt with back spasms , a left quadriceps bruise and a thigh bruise this season , their 11th in the NBA . They are averaging 12.9 points and 4.6 assists in 36 games this season for the Southwest Division-leading Spurs ( 29-11 ) .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Nintendo 's delayed Google Maps app for Wii U is finally out in Japan . As demonstrated late last year , Wii Street U is based around Street View , and lets you use the GamePad controller to look around your environment while the mapping data is displayed on the TV screen . You can switch between satellite and basic imagery on your TV , and also use it to show Street View — the photography is n't exactly high resolution , but it looks fine .
More importantly , the GamePad motion control works great , and using it to `` walk around '' locations is pretty fun . Nintendo has provided a list of recommendations such as Shibuya in Tokyo or Stonehenge in England , but you can also perform a search to jump anywhere you like ; I took a walk around my parents ' block . Navigation is handled by the on-screen arrows , or you can switch to an overhead mode and drag a marker around the map like you would on a desktop browser .
Wii Street U is a free download , at least until the end of May , and it 's definitely worth picking up at that price . It 's obviously not the most convenient or feature-complete mapping solution out there , but it 's a fun new way to use Google Maps and is a great demonstration of the potential for two-screen apps . There 's no word on a US release date yet , but we 'll keep you posted .
The rumors about the next Galaxy Note are thriving these days and we suspect they will be multiplying with IFA growing near ( traditionally held in early September ) . Some of the latest leaks revealed Samsung 's idea to call the next phablet Galaxy Note7 in order to identify it with the S7 series .
The previous intel suggested the Galaxy Note7 will pack a 5.8 '' Super AMOLED screen with 1440p resolution , Snapdragon 823 chipset with 6GB of RAM , a 12MP main snapper , and 64GB or 128GB expandable storage . Naturally , the Note7 will match the S7 with an IP68 certification for water and dust protection .
Today , a leaked screenshot of a beta firmware made available over the Samsung Galaxy Beta Program revealed a new option in the Privacy settings - iris scanner . Apparently , Samsung will be supplying its next top model with an iris scanner , and the next flagship is none other than the Galaxy Note7 ( or 6 , whatever the company decides to call it ) .
To further fuel those rumors , another report showed a Zauba listing for 200 units of iris scanners imported into India from South Korea by Samsung . The company may have begun testing these onto different markets already in order to calibrate the software properly ( do n't forget the iris scanning tablet it launched for the Indian government ) . The iris scanner tech is considered with the tiniest error margin among all other available security features and the fastest .
The next Galaxy Note should go official around the IFA expo in early September . Until then you should prepare yourself for countless rumors on the next flagship crop .
Source
A child collects machine gun casings found in the Gaza Strip on Aug. 5 . “ At some point , Hamas will stop firing rockets — if for no other reason than its arsenal is depleted , ” Dennis Ross writes . ( Max Becherer/Polaris Images for The Washington Post )
Dennis Ross , counselor at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , served as President Bill Clinton 's Middle East negotiator and was a special assistant to President Obama from 2009 to 2011 .
In the winter of 2005 , Ziad Abu Amr , a Gaza representative in the Palestinian Legislative Council , invited me to speak in Gaza City . As I entered the building for the event , I saw Mahmoud al-Zahar , one of the co-founders of Hamas . Before I could say anything , Ziad explained : “ We decided to invite the opposition to hear you . We think it is important that they do so . ”
I had not expected senior Hamas leaders to be there , but it did n't alter my main message . Israel was slated to withdraw from the Gaza Strip in several months , so I emphasized that this was a time of opportunity for Palestinians — they should seize it . I told the audience of roughly 200 Gazans that this was a moment to promote Palestinian national aspirations .
If they took advantage of the Israeli withdrawal to peacefully develop Gaza , the international community and the Israelis would see that what was working in Gaza could also be applied to the West Bank . However , I then asked rhetorically : If Palestinians instead turn Gaza into a platform for attacks against Israel , who is going to favor an Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank and the creation of a Palestinian state ?
Much of Palestinians ' history might have been imposed on them by others , I said . But this time they had the power to shape their future . If they made the wrong choice , they could not blame the Arabs , the Europeans , the Americans — or the Israelis .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Israel will shun truce talks until fire from Gaza stops , as renewed fighting jeopardizes international efforts to negotiate a lasting cease-fire . ( Reuters )
While the audience was not shy about criticizing the U.S. role in peacemaking , no one challenged my main message that day .
Unfortunately , we know the path Hamas chose . Even as Israel was completing the process of withdrawing all its settlers and soldiers from Gaza , Hamas carried out a bus-station bombing in Israel . Then , from late 2005 to early 2006 , Hamas conducted multiple attacks on the very crossing points that allowed people and goods to move into and out of Gaza . For Hamas , it was more important to continue “ resistance ” than to allow Gazans to constructively test their new freedom — or to give Israelis a reason to think that withdrawal could work . Some argue that Israel withdrew but imposed a siege on Gaza . In reality , Hamas produced the siege . Israel 's tight embargo on Gaza came only after ongoing Hamas attacks .
The embargo on Gaza might have hurt the Palestinians who live there , but it did not stop Hamas from building a labyrinth of underground tunnels , bunkers , command posts and shelters for its leaders , fighters and rockets . The tunnels are under houses , schools , hospitals and mosques ; they allow Hamas fighters to go down one shaft and depart from another . According to the Israeli army , an estimated 600,000 tons of cement — some of it smuggled through tunnels from Egypt , some diverted from construction materials allowed into Gaza — was used for Hamas 's underground network .
At times , I argued with Israeli leaders and security officials , telling them they needed to allow more construction materials , including cement , into Gaza so that housing , schools and basic infrastructure could be built . They countered that Hamas would misuse it , and they were right . Developing Gaza — fostering a future for its people and protecting them — was not Hamas 's goal .
So long as Israel exists , Hamas will seek to fight it . It was not Israel 's opposition to the reconciliation agreement between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) that led to this latest round of warfare . Rather , it was Hamas 's political isolation and increasingly desperate financial situation . The group was broke after Egypt closed the smuggling tunnels into Gaza , Iran cut off funding because of Hamas 's opposition to Syria 's Bashar al-Assad , and Qatar was unable to send money through the Rafah border crossing , which Egypt controls .
The reconciliation deal relieved Hamas of the need to govern Gaza and meet its financial obligations there — without relieving it of its weapons . But the PA was n't willing to pay the Hamas salaries , including to its security forces , so Hamas did what it does best : use force to alter the political landscape .
In the 1990s , when I was the U.S. negotiator on Middle East peace , every time we made progress or seemed to be on the verge of a breakthrough , Hamas suicide bombers would strike Israeli cities . Six months before Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated in 1995 , they told me that the next Israeli election and Israel 's position toward the Palestinians would be determined not by anything they did but by whether Hamas carried out bombings in Israel . Their message was that their security forces — and especially those of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat — had to do a better job of rooting out Hamas or our hopes for peace would be thwarted .
Residents of Gaza pull bodies from under a bombed-out mosque and survey the damage after Israeli conducted airstrikes on over 30 sites overnight . ( Reuters )
With its finances dwindling , Hamas initiated the recent conflict . This time , however , its leaders held the people of Gaza hostage to its needs , hoping that Egypt would feel the need to open Rafah , that Qatar would deliver money and that Israel would be forced to release Palestinian prisoners .
The Israelis will certainly resist an outcome that offers Hamas any gains . Having destroyed the tunnels that could penetrate Israel , the Israelis have pulled out of Gaza and were willing to extend the 72-hour truce that ended Friday . Hamas was not willing to do so . If Israel hopes to build broader international pressure on the group to stop firing , the Israel Defense Forces will need to avoid targets such as U.N. schools and hospitals . Of course , that is easier said than done , given that Hamas often fires rockets from or near such sites .
At some point , Hamas will stop firing rockets — if for no other reason than its arsenal is depleted . For the people of Gaza , however , the price has been staggering . But Hamas 's leaders have never been concerned about that . For them , Palestinians ' pain and suffering are tools to exploit , not conditions to end .
When relative calm returns , there will understandably be a push for a diplomatic solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . With Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas now even less able politically to tackle the core issues , a permanent agreement between the two sides is not in the cards . U.S. diplomacy , therefore , needs to be guided by several considerations and achievable aims .
First , the new strategic alignment in the region must be recognized . Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia and the Emirates see the Muslim Brotherhood as an existential threat , and they will be natural partners in denying Hamas , the Palestinian wing of the Brotherhood , potential gains and assisting the PA 's reentry into Gaza .
Second , because Hamas is incapable of changing , it needs to be discredited . In the short term , humanitarian and reconstruction aid in Gaza must be managed so that Hamas can not exploit it politically or militarily . The Obama administration should insist that the crossing points can not be reopened until adequate safeguards are in place to prevent the diversion of the assistance . Not only would this permit the PA to reestablish itself at the Gaza crossing points , but it could also prevent Hamas from seizing materials shipped into the Gaza Strip . For the longer term , the United States should organize a Marshall Plan for Gaza contingent on Hamas disarming . If Hamas chooses arms over civilian investment and development , it should be exposed before Palestinians and the international community .
Third , it is important to build the political capital of Abbas and the PA by showing that they can deliver something in the West Bank . Consistent with its security concerns , Israel can expedite the movement of goods and materials destined for the West Bank , preventing them from needlessly getting held up in Israeli ports .
Fourth , focus on conflict management , not conflict resolution . The United States should try to broker unilateral steps that could change the dynamic between the Israelis and the Palestinians . For example , in what is referred to as Area C of the West Bank , Israel controls all planning , zoning and security . We would ask Israel to open Area C , which is 60 percent of the West Bank , to the Palestinians for housing construction and industrial parks . In exchange , we would ask the Palestinians to forgo moves in international organizations designed to symbolize statehood and pressure Israel .
Fifth , try to persuade Netanyahu to declare that Israel 's settlement construction will be made consistent with its two-state policy , meaning it will not build in areas that it thinks will be part of a Palestinian state . This would not only defuse the movement to delegitimize Israel internationally , but it would also make it easier for the Egyptians , Jordanians , Saudis and Emirates to work more openly with Israel .
The point would be to create some positive movement on peace and Israel 's relations with its neighbors . The United States would publicly maintain its commitment to achieving two states for two peoples . Our diplomacy after this recent conflict must foster tangible changes on the ground , not promise a vision that is unachievable . That is the essence of good statecraft , and rarely has it been more needed .
outlook @ washpost.com
Read more from Outlook :
In Gaza and other war zones , how neutral is the U.N. ?
The enemy below : Why Hamas tunnels scare Israel so much
Five myths about Hamas
Follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter .
The Barr Campaign 's decision to shun Ron Paul 's press conference , hold their own and denigrate Ron 's efforts will have lasting effect- but will any prove positive for the Barr Campaign ?
In the interest of full disclosure , I know Bob , like Bob , worked for their campaign up until a few weeks ago and planned on voting for him- a decision I 'll have to reconsider . I also know Ron , like Ron , worked for their campaign and would still vote for them today if they were on the Alabama ballot .
If the Barr Campaign 's actions today has possibly lost the support of someone who knows and likes Bob , I imagine the fallout among the Libertarian Party members and Ron Paul supporters will make them regret their actions today . Continued derisive actions and words from the campaign staff will only make things worse .
I called the Barr Campaign Headquarters and spoke to LP Communications Director , Andrew Davis , asking for an official statement from them .
We think holding our own press conference was the right decicion for our candidate and our supporters . There 's no animosity towards Ron from the Barr campaign . Why would Bob ask them to be their VP if there was ? We are not about promoting 3rd party politics , but about getting as many votes for our candidate and our message as we can . A vote for Baldwin , Nader or McKinney is not a vote for Bob , so while we agree with the principles espoused today , we chose to focus on our candidate . It 's great to see 3rd parties coming together and we appreciate it . We know ballot access laws are terrible . We know it 's tough to get into the debates , but it 's not something that required a press conference . We 're focused on the Barr Campaign and libertarian issues and that 's why we decided to have our own campaign .
One question that came to mind immediately after hearing that the Barr Campaign had blown Ron off was , “ How does Ron feel about this ? ” Since C4L staffer , Don Rasmussen has openly discussed what they witnessed this weekend , I called them to to hear what happened first-hand .
First Don cleared up Russ Verney 's claim that Bob had never agreed to appear at Ron 's press conference . “ I know for a fact that Bob had agreed to be there today and Verney is lying by saying otherwise. ” I asked them how Ron reacted when they learned that their friend and one-time colleague would not be making an appearance as agreed . “ I 've never seen them so upset . They had to be reminded to lower their voice as there were reporters outside outdoor . They were extremely disappointed . ”
Don confirmed that Shane Cory did indeed tell Don to “ go f # @ k himself ” when they asked Shane why they did this , though they admit that Shane also recited a list of perceived grievences , ie ; lack of invitations to events , etc. , that led to the decision to eschew Ron 's press conference and stage their own .
Adam Kokesh 's public withdrawal of their support of Barr was also confirmed by Don . “ When Adam stood up and said they were no longer supporting Barr , several others spoke up and echoed Adam . ”
Lest anyone should accuse Don of simply not liking Barr and is now taking an opportunity to announce it , I can personally attest that Don supported Barr 's candidacy after Ron withdrew from the race .
For more comments from Don , read here and here .
I also just had the opportunity to speak to Adam Kokesh on the phone about their perspective on today 's drama . They came to Ron 's conference as a supporter of both Ron and Bob , but left altogether differently .
“ When it became obvious to the crowd that Bob was not there , immediately some buzz started . I gave them the benefit of the doubt and assumed they did n't show up because of a personal issue . I figured there was no way that he 'd stand Congressman Paul up. ” “ I went to Bob 's press conference still a supporter and still assuming the best . When the real reason they did n't show up became apparent , I thought ‘ What the f # @ k ? ' . That 's when they lost my support. ” “ Barr showed us today that they are not a team player for liberty . Barr is far more concerned about votes than they are promoting liberty and the Constitution . There 's a time to lead and a time to follow ; today was a day to folllow Dr. Paul- to show some unity . Barr missed their opportunity and lost my vote . ”
This was a disappointing day for those who had hoped Barr 's candidacy would be a way to continue the freedom movement begun by Ron 's campaign . And it 's a blow to the LP who finally had a candidate capable of capturing national attention and putting the Libertarian Party on the political map . Don Rasmussen 's advice is apropos here-
“ Hopefully , the LP will find a way to reject this candidate without rejecting the idea of engagement in practical politics . ”
The lesson about putting too much stock into any candidate has been driven home today . The real goal is to promote liberty and the rule of law , no matter the candidate or the party . As Ron has said many times , “ It 's not the man , it 's the message . ”
It was Reagan , you will remember , who spoke in those soothing tones about 'Tax and Spend Democrats ' while driving this country into a debt that was , until Curious George Bush arrived , the largest in this countries ' history . It was Reagan , you will remember , who popularized the fictitious meme about `` Welfare Queens Driving Cadillacs '' while slashing domestic programs deemed to be social welfare . It was Reagan , you will remember , where the term 'homeless ' came into the popular vernacular . It was also during this time that the gap between rich and poor began to yawn into gargantuan proportions .
Mark Twain said it best : `` History does not repeat itself , but it does rhyme . ''
There was a cause and effect relationship between the rhetoric and the results . Apparently most of us missed that rhyme too .
The malaise that brought on the likes of Reagan had to do with the after affects of the Vietnam War . It too , was a bad time for this country . We had just been defeated by a people who for all we knew were a primitive sort , seemingly incapable of defeating the `` Greatest Nation On Earth '' .
Then , as now , we were paying the price for Empire ... American style , thanks to another Republican icon : Richard Nixon , who spent more money in the final years getting us out of Vietnam than did Kennedy and Johnson did get us in . A physics teacher summed it up best while stepping out of their discipline long enough to tell us that `` ... firing a 60 thousand dollar mission to destroy a ten cent hut did n't exactly strike them as wise use of resources . '' That was then , and the missiles now cost millions ... and the rocks in Afghanistan are worth considerably less .
The inflation that resulted from that kind of Tom Foolery , along with the trend toward consuming more oil than we produced , was in a word ; Devastating . And it was Gerald Ford , who introduced CAFE standards , along with Jimmy Carter and 55 mph , which led to a halving of our voracious appetite and resulted in a fix for gas prices , nearly 15 years later . But you would n't have thought Ford or Carter capable at the time . Life is sometimes ironic in it 's ability to fool human perception over time .
The problem today is that the people who attended those civics classes are the same one 's who continue to defy the reality of out sourced careers , low wage jobs , foreclosed homes , and a deteriorating standard of living that is quickly causing a trading of places with the likes of those we once termed `` Third World '' .
We seem to forget , that as a nation that we have slipped from No.1 in most metrics to anywhere from 16th to 36th in the world when rated on standard of living . I remember a time when it was fashionable to spout off about our rank in the world ... That 's been some time since ...
Yet we continue to believe the right wing bromides and propaganda of yesteryear . Such is the fleeting nature of empire . And such is the wicked irony of perception over time . Can you hear the rhyme ?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Protestors braved freezing temperatures to show their feelings about Bill Cosby
Comedian Bill Cosby received a standing ovation in Canada , at the end of their first live performance since November , despite protests outside the venue .
The Cosby Show star personally thanked fans `` for giving me the opportunity to bring laughter back into your lives '' .
They told the Ontario audience they had had `` a wonderful time '' .
The 77-year-old has been accused by at least 15 women of sexual assault dating back to the '70s and '80s . Three more victims came forward on Wednesday .
Cosby 's lawyer made no immediate response to the latest accusations . The star , who has not been charged , has denied previous claims , calling them `` fantastical '' and `` uncorroborated '' .
Protests
The comedian 's show in Kitchener , Ontario was the first of a three-date tour in Canada .
More than a dozen protestors gathered outside the Centre in the Square on Wednesday with placards stating 'rape is no joke ' . Some barred the entrance to the venue , before being asked to move by security .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The crowd outside the venue carried signs including 'Rape is no joke ' .
Some ticket-holders had said they would boycott the performance . The 2,000-seat venue was about two-thirds full .
Fans attending the show told reporters they were sceptical of the accusations : `` Why are 20 women coming out now when it 's 20 , 30 years ago ? '' said one .
`` Innocent until proven guilty . I 'm hoping it 's not true and until I know , otherwise I love them to death , '' said another .
At the show : Micah Luxen , BBC News
The sweatshirt draped on their chair read Hello Friend . Their oversized shirt read the same . They were the Bill Cosby the crowd knew from decades of feel good entertainment . They made faces , and jokes that were laugh-out-loud funny - talking for the most part about their family relationships .
After a standing ovation , one audience member told the BBC , the show was everything they hoped it would be . But outside , it was bitterly cold .
Protestor Aaron Cornish told the BBC that Cosby `` ca n't hide from the 27 women '' who have come forward by using `` publicity and fames and jokes '' .
`` People going inside are ignoring that , '' they said .
Read more about the performance .
Bill Cosby : America 's Dad under fire
The actor is scheduled to appear at the Budweiser Gardens in London , Ontario on Thursday and at the Hamilton Place Theatre , Hamilton on Friday .
Ten dates on their North American stand-up tour , as well as some scheduled TV appearances , were cancelled following the initial allegations which surfaced last autumn . They last appeared in Melbourne , Florida on 21 November 2014 .
Image copyright AP Image caption Cosby has denied previous allegations , calling them `` fantastical '' and `` uncorroborated '' .
In a statement released after the Ontario show , Cosby said : `` Dear Fans : I would like to personally thank you for giving me the opportunity to bring laughter back into your lives tonight . Also , I would like to applaud all of you and give you a standing ovation for respecting yourselves , the theatre and the event organisers that produced a spectacular show for the Kitchener Community . ''
Cosby became the quintessential American Dad in their role as Dr Cliff Huxtable on The Cosby Show from 1984 to 1992 , which was a huge hit in the US and around the globe .
Their screen wife in the show , Phylicia Rashad , has said allegations of historical sex offences against their former co-star are part of a campaign to keep them off TV .
Antonia Villeges watched in disbelief as flames that engulfed Windy City Produce , a grocery store in the Irving Park neighborhood where they have been working for more than three years .
“ I ran here as fast as I could , ” said Villeges , 23 , who lives nearby . “ I panicked . ”
Villeges and other neighbors said they awoke to a giant cloud of black smoke outside their homes as an extra-alarm fire ripped through the store at 3340 N. Pulaski Road .
The fire started about 3:40 a.m. , and flames had spread throughout the building by the time crews arrived , according to Chicago Fire Cmdr . Frank Velez .
The fire was raised to a 2-11 alarm as about 100 fire department personnel were called to the scene , Velez said . The blaze was struck out at 5:34 a.m. and no injuries were reported , Velez said .
“ The building itself is completely damaged , ” Velez said . “ There was an extensive amount of damage . ”
The cause of the fire was under investigation , officials said .
One of the grocery store 's owners stood with the residents , watching the firefighters .
“ It 's totally lost , ” said the man , who declined to be identified , adding that the grocery store has been around for about 35 years .
An extra-alarm fire ripped through Windy City Produce on the Northwest Side around 3:40 a.m. Monday morning . The store owner tells WGN-TV that they plan to rebuild . An extra-alarm fire ripped through Windy City Produce on the Northwest Side around 3:40 a.m. Monday morning . The store owner tells WGN-TV that they plan to rebuild . SEE MORE VIDEOS
Villeges , a cashier and assistant manager at the store , said they worked until the store closed around 9 p.m. Sunday . “ Nothing seemed fishy , ” they said .
They said their job at Windy City Produce is their only source of income and they hope the store 's owners can overcome the devastating fire . They added that their sister and their brother-in-law also work at the store , which employed about 25 people .
“ I want to see if I can stick through with ( the store 's owners ) , ” Villeges said . “ They 're some of the best bosses I 've ever had . They actually worry about you and help you . ”
Other residents expressed concern for the store 's owners and were sad to see the building engulfed in flames .
“ I would go there all the time , ” said Yolanda Lopez , who lives across the street from the store . “ They 're awesome people . ”
By : Elizabeth Howell
Published : 12/06/2012 05:44 PM EST on SPACE.com
A new catalog aims to list all the known planets in the galaxy that could potentially be habitable to life . The count is at seven so far , with many more to come , researchers said .
The online listing , called the Habitable Exoplanets Catalog , celebrated its first anniversary today ( Dec. 5 ) . When it was first released last year , it had two potential habitable planets to its name . According to lead researcher Abel Mendez , the team expected to add maybe one or two more in the catalog 's first year . The addition of five suspected new planets was wholly beyond anyone 's expectations .
`` The main purpose is for research , but then I realized that also for the public , it was very important , '' said Mendez , director of the University of Puerto Rico at Arecibo 's Planetary Habitability Laboratory .
`` There are many press releases announcing discoveries of habitable planets ... and that is confusing , '' Mendez told SPACE.com . `` So having a catalog that everyone can check what is available right now is useful . ''
Mendez also said scientists are getting smarter about finding exoplanets , and the pace of discovery is increasing . [ Gallery : 7 Habitable Exoplanets ]
There are 27 candidate planets waiting for inclusion in the habitable portion of the catalog . Meanwhile , the HARPS ( High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher ) instrument in Chile and orbiting Kepler Space Telescope , among others , are quickly finding new exoplanets every month .
Preliminary parameters for life
Mendez 's team principally assesses the potential of life on a planet using three metrics : the variability of energy from the host star that the planet receives , the mass of the planet and the planet 's size . Simplistically , bigger gas giants orbiting variable stars are less likely to host life than smaller , rocky planets near stable stars .
Much of the catalog 's data come directly from the research teams involved in an exoplanet 's discovery . The catalog also includes information from the Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia and the NASA Exoplanet Archive .
Mendez cautions that the information is preliminary . So far , most of what we know about exoplanets comes from a simple physical assessment . Much less is known about chemical and biological information .
Also , sometimes a planet is found that ca n't be confirmed through independent observation . One famous example is Gliese 581g , which was discovered by one team but could not be found by another team using a different instrument . New datasets have been released , but there still is a debate . Mendez calls these situations `` tricky . ''
`` There are two versions of the story , and the two versions can be supported by data , '' they said . `` But because we think that there 's still the sense that planet could exist , we are including it [ as a candidate ] . ''
Public support
Mendez initially created the database to help with their research . They say they were honored by the reaction from the public and research community in the months after its release .
In the first two days of its existence , the catalog attracted 100,000 views — `` for a research page , that 's good , '' Mendez joked . It now consistently garners 10,000 to 30,000 views a month .
He 's been approached at conferences and praised for their work , and the NASA Astrobiology Institute has told them the catalog is a useful tool . `` It was more than I expected , '' they said .
Mendez has been aggressive with public outreach , with their team building mobile phone apps as well as a `` periodic table '' of exoplanets to drum up interest .
Meanwhile , more work on the catalog beckons . The team expects to add new models in the coming year , which will affect the measurements on objects already in the catalog .
But it will be discoveries , rather than mathematics , that will drive the pace of change , the team added in a statement .
`` A true Earth analog or a potentially habitable exomoon would be big discoveries , '' it read . `` Certainly , this was the right time to start mapping the habitable universe around us . ''
Follow Elizabeth Howell @ howellspace , or SPACE.com @ Spacedotcom . We 're also on Facebook and Google+ .
Copyright 2012 SPACE.com , a TechMediaNetwork company . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
How did we arrive at such a system of injustice ?
I have met with many people who will describe themselves as anarchists or libertarians . They are frequently dismissed as nut cases with some utopian ideal of society that would never work . However , when it comes to criminal justice , they make some really great points .
What I see as one of the major problems in this country , as well as in others , is that we have given to men the power to create laws which in turn create crimes out of activites that some people do not approve of . We have given them such great power that not only can they create a crime out of an act that ultimately causes harm to another person , but we have given them the power to create a crime out of an act that causes absolutely no harm to any other person .
With this power , comes the ability for lawmakers to ban acts that they disapprove of . The danger of this is exaggerated by the fact that even in America 's supposed democratic system where lawmakers are representatives of the people , the lawmakers decisions are not very well representative of the people .
This type of environment creates a crime out of things like smoking cigarettes , consuming marijuana , not wearing a seatbelt , engaging in consentual sex in exchange for money , fair gambling by-the-rules . It allows other acts to become crimes without paying for a right . For example , the freedom of assembly is frequently taxed by requiring a permit , and anyone attempting to organize an assembly without such a permit can be penalized . Failure to pay that penalty can result in the confiscation of property or imprisonment .
Now one may argue that wearing your seatbelt is a good idea . But should it be forced by law ? Of course we know now that many of these laws are created as a way of increasing revenue for the government , but why do we allow it ?
Now consider when , in an attempt to catch these criminals in the act , the government itself creates situations where these `` crimes '' will take place . They are literally creating the crime , then arresting a participant as the criminal .
Back to the libertarian or anarchist view , it is a crime in itself to make such laws . You are turning an ordinary act into a crime for the purpose of locking someone in prison or collecting a fine . It is not so much a utopian system where real crime such as theft and murder would cease to exist , it 's simply a more just system where man can not criminalize and tax an activity that other people voluntarily conduct among themselves .
For example with gambling . This is one of the easiest to attack , because while gambling is illegal in most places in the US , there is always a legal lottery . Yes , the government will actually call gambling a crime , yet they will run the biggest gambling scheme of them all . If a group of people decide to gather and play a game of poker , where it would cost a specified amount to play , and the winner would walk away with the pot , where is the crime ?
In our current system , this is a crime , simply because some people , whether a majority or minority with more political influence , have decided that other people should not participate in such an activity . Did it stop gambling from occuring ? No , it simply drove it into black market , where people must meet in secret locations . Places where if someone is robbed , they would not be able to call the police to help them retrieve their property - a service which , criminal or not , every person has already paid for the privelege to .
In a libertarian/anarchist criminal justice system , gambling itself would not be a crime . Operating a casino in a way in which cheats would be a crime of fraud , because the expectation of the customers is that they will be paying for a fair game . Robbing someone outside of a casino would be a crime of theft , because it is the taking of someone elses property without consent . In a libertarian society , a victim of one of these true crimes would have the opportunity to seek justice by the government or by the public without the government .
I wo n't get into the detail of how anarchists describe their criminal justice system , but there are some well thought out plans for this . The point is that while one person might disapprove of gambling for any reason , it is a consentual act that does not have a victim . But in our current system , the government can actually use the claim by one person that it is a distasteful act as a means of creating a crime arbitrarily via legislation . They can then justify the use of military force by means of a SWAT team to raid an illegal place where gambling occurs . They can use this as a means to steal the property of both the gamblers and the house as their money is now `` illegal '' . They can use this as a means to steal property , deeming a building a place of `` illegal business '' , selling it at auction to the public for the benefit of the state .
Now most proponents of this , or at least those who are apathetic to it , will simply dismiss this as `` yeah , but they were breaking the law '' .
But consider this . With absolutely no laws , would murder be a crime ? What about theft ? Of course they would , because it would be easy to see that these are both crimes where there is a victim . There does n't need to be a law on the books , because it is obvious that you are taking something from someone that does not belong to you - life or property .
Now in such a system , there is a place where people go to gamble . This is n't illegal because there is n't any legislation against it . Now imagine where a group of people would break into such a place , and take property from all participants , evict the owners and auction the property to the public ? Would n't this be the crime of theft ?
So while we are used to such laws because it has long been the case , laws that have been passed since before I was born and also before many others were born , we are accostomed to it . But without a group of men writing on paper that the government may break into a place where men voluntarily gamble with eachother , take all their property , and use it for themselves or sell it to the public , this would simply be a crime in itself .
So what we have in our current justice system is a method where a group of men has actually legalized theft for their own benefit .
The libertarian or anarchist systems would not allow this . It would not put an end to cheats , but it would allow a victim of cheating to make public notice of it without being labeled as a criminal himself . It would not put an end to theft , but it would allow a victim to seek restitution without being labeled as a criminal himself .
There are many more crimes which operate in the same fasion . Many are traffic laws and drug laws . While it might be a good idea to follow these rules , it does n't mean the government should have the right to steal your property because you forgot to put on your seatbelt , or decided to peacefully use marijuana in the privacy of your own home .
While these might not be behaviors that you would engage in , it 's important to remember . While you can condone the use of government force to turn these acts into crimes , it is just as easy that others who disapprove of something you do could be converted into a crime . Perhaps it 's talking on the phone while in line at a grocery store . This may seem farfetched , but we are already banning smoking while in public - something that could have easily been accomplished by people refusing to shop at places that allowed smoking - not by converting it into a crime .
These are things to consider , and while not everyone agrees with everything that libertarians or anarchists have to say , especially where they ca n't even agree among themselves , I do believe in the concept that the only system of justice that will work is one in which the only crimes are acts where there is a victim .
We love VR . We love taking pictures . So we figured , why not try smashing the two together ? Sprayscape is a quick hack using the phone 's gyroscope to take pictures on the inside of a 360-degree sphere . Just point your phone and tap the screen to spray faces , places , or anything else onto your canvas . Like what you 've captured ? Share your creations via a link and your friends can jump into your scapes and have a look around using their phones or even Google Cardboard . Sprayscape is built in Unity with native Android support . Sprayscape maps the camera feed on a 360 degree sphere , using the Cardboard SDK to handle gyroscope data and the NatCam Unity plugin for precise camera control . The GPU makes it all possible . On user tap or touch , the camera feed is rendered to a texture at a rate of 60 frames per second . That texture is then composited with any existing textures by a fragment shader on the GPU . That same shader also creates the scape you see in app , handling the projection from 2D camera to a 360 sphere . When a user saves a scape , a flat panorama image is stored in the app data . When a user shares a scape , the three.js web viewer takes that flat image and wraps it to a sphere , making it navigable on mobile web by panning , tilting , and moving your device .
Which players do you think had the top air and ground performances this week ? FedEx Delivery ManagerSM is putting the options in your hands and letting you be in control . Read up on this week 's nominees and then cast your vote for the FedEx Air & Ground® NFL Players of the Week .
FEDEX AIR -- QUARTERBACK NOMINEES
Andy Dalton , Cincinnati Bengals Dalton threw for 325 yards and five touchdowns in the Bengals ' 49-9 victory against the New York Jets .
Drew Brees , New Orleans Saints Brees completed 26 passes for 332 yards and five touchdowns as the Saints defeated the Buffalo Bills , 35-17 .
Matthew Stafford , Detroit Lions Stafford passed for 488 yards and threw a touchdown on the way to a last-minute 31-30 comeback victory against the Dallas Cowboys .
Never change a battery or have to reset the date
This watch comes with some great features . The perpetual calendar once set should never have to be reset again . Never needing batteries or having to wind or shake the watch to keep power is a very useful feature as well . If you are using the watch in water , Citizen recommends that you change the gasket every 2-3 years to maintain the waterproof rating . But I 've had mine for the better part of a decade and it still keeps very accurate time , without any maintenance . I estimate that it varies by less than one minute per year because I never have to adjust time in between daylight savings shifts . There is a feature if you travel between time zones to adjust for the local time , an alarm and chronograph functions . The watch itself is attractive in a subtle way . The crystal is sapphire and fairly scratch resistant . The satin finish titanium case is fairly light for its size . Over time it develops a nice slightly darkened patina unique to this metal . The watch face is well marked and has a purposeful but understated look.Read full review
Verified purchase : No
It was a pleasure to rise in the legislature today to speak in favour of the budget update presented by the NDP government . I shared my vision for collaboration using examples from our region and across the province , and I emphasized the value of all members in the house working together in the best interest of all British Columbians .
Text version
I will begin by acknowledging that we are on the traditional territories of the Songhees and Esquimalt First Nations , and I would also like to commend the Minister of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation for their statement yesterday on the United Nations Declarations on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples .
This is a noteworthy budget , and it comes at a noteworthy time in BC politics .
Members on both sides of this House are coming to terms with new responsibilities – there has been a significant shift in BC politics that presents new opportunities and challenges for all MLAs . At the same time , our esteemed press gallery are figuring out how to understand and report on the new decision making processes of a minority government – processes that have been unchanged and unchallenged for decades . All of us as British Columbians are witnessing how government can and should work when one party can not simply ram an agenda through , but is instead learning to work with other parties to build a broader more inclusive vision for this province .
Few predicted that British Columbians would elect a slim minority government in May – an election result that meant that we in the Legislature would need to start talking with each other , rather than at each other .
As a teacher and historian , my first impulse was to look to the past to find a precedent for this new political reality we find ourselves in .
Federally , there have been 13 minority governments in Canada 's history . Every province except Alberta has had at least one , and this is BC 's third minority government – the last one was in 1952 .
As our caucus and staff began to explore how other jurisdictions made these arrangements work , one thing became clear . If we could overcome the antagonism that had come to characterize BC politics before this election , we would have a historic opportunity to bring positive change to BC .
Vision
I believe that this budget update truly is a step in this direction . We have before us a document whose foundation was first introduced by the BC Liberals earlier this year , with the values and priorities of two other parties added to it in the months after the election .
The BC Greens ran on a platform that advocated government leadership in the face of a changing planet and changing economy .
We believe we have an opportunity to capture the imagination of British Columbians with a candid , innovative and forward thinking vision for the future . Ours is n't a narrow vision for one part of the province , but instead a call for a new path forward for all communities across BC .
In my home , the Cowichan Valley , there is an enormous appetite to see the provincial government step up and invest in what really matters in our lives .
Our hospital turned 50 this year , and it is desperately in need of replacing . And Cowichan High is on its last legs – it was built in 1949 , and it is not holding up as well as the honourable members in this house who were born before that same year .
Our watersheds and riparian areas suffer from the benign neglect and blind faith that was built into the Professional Reliance system . We have a heartbreaking child poverty rate , and like so many communities in BC , we are suffering the impacts of the opioid crisis .
And yet Cowichan is extraordinary in its resilience , its strong and inter-connected communities , and the determination of the people to work together so that all in the community may thrive . The Cowichan District Hospital Foundation and the Cowichan Valley Regional District have worked to create the conditions for a new hospital – the land is purchased , and the concept plan is underway , having been given the go-ahead by the previous Liberal government . School District 79 is working with Vancouver Island University , Cowichan Tribes , the Municipalities of North Cowichan and Duncan , and the Cowichan Valley Regional District to create a new model of education – one that connects high school students to post-secondary opportunities in a way that ensures a successful transition .
The Cowichan Watershed Board , co-chaired by Chief Seymour of Cowichan Tribes and Chair John Lefebure of the CVRD , is a model of cooperation and collaboration , and creates the foundation for watershed governance . There are many extraordinary initiatives and an abundance of committed citizens who are making Cowichan Valley an incredible place to live – our hope is that this budget update signals a commitment from the provincial government to come to be a true partner in these initiatives .
Too often , we speak in broad categories in BC : the south , the north , rural , resource based , high tech – These labels divide us rather than unite us , and the categories over-simplify the rich and interconnected fabric of our province .
This past summer I travelled through northern BC , meeting with First Nations , municipal representatives , and community leaders to learn about the challenges and opportunities facing their communities .
What I learned , in no uncertain terms , was that there is far more that unites us across BC than divides us .
In every community , I heard from people the same hopes , dreams , and aspirations for their communities that we have in the Cowichan Valley : their desire to see thriving and safe schools , their hopes to have efficient hospitals that deliver timely care , their aspirations to see support for seniors who want to stay in their homes and close to their families . I heard across all communities a strong desire to see flight attendantship and protection of natural resources – for many people , the lack of compliance and enforcement in the resource sectors has undermined trust in both industry and government . I aso heard of the benefits in investment in post-secondary education , and a strong desire in all communities to see an innovative and diversified approach to economic development .
The notion that economic investment in this province only counts when it 's an investment in the resource sector is reflected neither in the current reality , nor in the emerging economy . An analysis of employment by occupation in the north west , based on data from BC Statistics and Stats Can , tells a story that we all need to be paying attention to : education , professional services , health services , small business , finances , sciences , tourism , and manufacturing account for the vast majority of jobs – while the resource sector accounts for less than 10 % of employment .
Investment in communities – in schools , in hospitals , in infrastructure , in government services , in post-secondary education- these investments not only create long-term , stable employment , they create the kinds of communities that attract further investment . When companies are looking for investment opportunities , schools , hospitals , and services matter . We all want to live and work in vibrant , thriving communities – and I would also suggest that we ideally want stable , well-paid , meaningful employment in our communities , rather than in far-flung work camps away from our families and friends .
One councillor in Terrace had a great idea that would bring together innovation , education , and economic development : a renewable energy Institute of the North West . Imagine – a higher learning facility located in the heart of the land where we have the greatest potential for geothermal energy , where students not only learn the skills to work in a new energy economy , but also become the leaders in developing the technology that will move us beyond fossil fuels , a task that is our moral obligation to future generations .
We are united across this province – and I believe , across both sides of this Legislature – by a belief that we need to ensure opportunities not just for right now , but also for future generations , that we need to sustainably manage and protect our resources and our ecological systems , and that in this changing economy , government needs to be taking a greater leadership role in preparing for the changes that are already upon us .
We have heard from Members on both sides of this house of the devastating toll of the wildfires this summer – and we are hearing daily of the toll of hurricanes , of droughts , of floods . As elected representatives – as leaders – we all share a responsibility to future generations . And a part of our responsibility today is to acknowledge the impacts of climate change , and recognize the debt we owe to our children , and their grandchildren . The increase in the carbon tax announced in this budget update is one small step – and a necessary signal that helps us move back towards climate leadership .
Whether it 's the changes affecting our workforce and employment , or the changes in our climate that will reshape the economic and social fabric of our communities , we must not stick our head in the sand . We must be bold to call out challenges and create new opportunities . We must embrace a vision for the future of our province that is hopeful , that brings new opportunities , and that rejects the premise that we are divided .
This is the BC Green vision .
Opportunity for change
Each party in this house ran on a different vision for our province and put an emphasis on different priorities .
In a minority government these different visions can be brought together to create policies for this province that represent more people and are greater than the sum of their parts .
The platform commitments each of us made offer us a starting point from which we can begin to work together to craft a greater vision that can ensure more British Columbians have the opportunity to thrive .
How we compose ourselves as elected representatives matters . Only in the legislature , it seems to me , is compromise considered a bad thing . Three years ago , I brought my high school students to the Legislature to see Question Period .
At the end of a typically raucous session , one student who was from Denmark expressed their incredulity . “ Elected leaders are allowed to behave like that ? ” they lamented . Their reaction has stayed with me – is this really how we want to demonstrate leadership ? Can we do better ? Do our words in this chamber always need to be about scoring points , wounding our opponents – or can we find new paths , new approaches – particularly given the extraordinary challenges we face not just in our province , but globally .
Liberal MP Arnold Chan , who passed away today , in their final address to Parliament said , “ I know we are all honourable members , but to treat this institution honourably , I would ask all us us to elevate our debate , to elevate our practice . ”
I want to express my deepest condolences to the Chan family for their loss , and my gratitude to Arnold Chan for theirs words ..
This is what we have done in our agreement with the NDP , which was predicated on 5 words : “ good faith and no surprises ” . Within these 5 words is a path forward for all of us in this new environment . As we have learned over the past few months , consultation and collaboration are not always easy .
But we have also learned that if we agree on shared values – that government should serve the people , that building trust in government matters , that we have a responsibility not just to the people of BC today , but to the future generations of BC – than we can find ways to work through disagreement and even discord .
At the root of every strong relationship are two simple concepts : trust and communication . We will build more trust with better communication . We need to build trust between each other so that the people of BC can feel more trust in their government , and more trust that all MLAs are working together to achieve the best we can for this province .
This minority government offers us the opportunity to genuinely reach across party lines and craft policy that incorporates the best of all our ideas . If we spend less time attacking each other , and more time listening and communicating with each other , we just might be able to start to trust one another .
This is an exciting story to tell because it does not fit into the old framework of conflict and adversarial relationships . We invite everyone – the press and the public – to challenge us , and ask the hard questions – and also to recognize that we are in a different landscape , in new territory , and that the old narrative of hyper-partisan BC politics no longer needs to always be the defining framework in this House .
I have many times in my life , believed in outcomes that others have told me were impossible – and yet I have held fast to my beliefs , which have been rooted in my values and my true conviction that we will always do better when we find ways to work together .
This is my hope and belief for this House as we move forward in this new , and noteworthy , time in BC politics .
Kids being kids ?
Photograph by Mario Tama/Getty Images .
One solution to the Anne-Marie Slaughter work-family balance problem ? Spend less time with your kids . That 's the conclusion I drew after reading Elizabeth Kolbert 's excellent New Yorker piece on how we are parenting the competence and confidence right out of our children .
Kolbert opens “ Spoiled Rotten ” with a scene from the Peruvian Amazon , as a tribal family heads off on a five-day leaf-gathering trek down the river with a young girl , Yanira , from another family tagging along . Anthropologist Carolina Izquierdo was there to observe :
Although Yanira had no clear role in the group , they quickly found ways to make themselves useful . Twice a day , they swept the sand off the sleeping mats , and they helped stack the kapashi leaves for transport back to the village . In the evening , they fished for crustaceans , which they cleaned , boiled , and served to the others . Calm and self-possessed , Yanira “ asked for nothing , ” Izquierdo later recalled . The girl 's behavior made a strong impression on the anthropologist because at the time of the trip Yanira was just six years old .
Kolbert then goes on to detail another anthropological study : of 32 middle-class Los Angeles families who agreed to be filmed as they “ ate , fought , made up , and did the dishes. ” Only , guess who did n't do the dishes ? Six-year-old kids .
In the L.A. families observed , no child routinely performed household chores without being instructed to . Often , the kids had to be begged to attempt the simplest tasks ; often , they still refused . In one fairly typical encounter , a father asked their eight-year-old son five times to please go take a bath or a shower . After the fifth plea went unheeded , the father picked the boy up and carried them into the bathroom . A few minutes later , the kid , still unwashed , wandered into another room to play a video game .
Kolbert 's basic argument is that we , American parents , are doing it wrong . From tying our kids ' shoes to analyzing their every emotional dip to punishing them only after counting to three—and trying desperately not to get to that horrible , dreadful number—we are managing our children 's every move until they ca n't move without us .
This is not exactly new territory , though Kolbert 's piece , which is in part a discussion of a bunch of books from the unparenting movement , synthesizes the various down-with-helicopter-folks threads quite well . And their plea only feels more essential after reading today 's New York Times piece on the wealth of monitoring tools available to families with tech-wielding kids , and the well-intentioned but seriously misguided parents who use them .
There 's the dad who reads their son 's text messages , the mom who subscribes to their daughter 's YouTube channel , and the grandmother who , via something called uKnowKids.com , monitors their granddaughter 's Facebook page . All the parents quoted in the Times piece express a certain amount of conflict about Big Brothering their kids , with most saying that though they are privy to the ongoing teen dramas of their children 's lives—boy trouble , mean girl fights , swearing—they usually keep it to themselves , as if that 's somehow an actual attempt to let their little ones fly .
Whatever happened to knowing that our kids were going to steal from our liquor cabinet , or somehow fool the poor guy at the 7-Eleven with a terrible fake ID , and go get drunk on a trespassed golf course—and basically being OK with that ? Yes , terrible things can happen to our kids , online and elsewhere . But from the way Kolbert tells it , terrible things are happening to them already as we stunt their growth , and more terrible things are to come when they hit 25 and ca n't cook themselves a meal .
One small solution in the work-family balance struggle : Go to work , take a run , socialize with friends , give your kids room to screw up—real room , not managed room—and let them fend for themselves .
French military prowess is n't always fully appreciated in the United States .
But there are few troops anywhere in the world better prepared for their task than the marines , foreign legionaries , and other elite French units rolling north to confront the Jihadist militants controlling much of Mali .
`` The French special forces are tip top , they 're up there with the best of them , '' says Brooks Tigner , chief policy analyst at Security Europe , a specialist newsletter .
`` They also have vast experience in expeditionary forces in West Africa , '' they add . `` They really know the territory , the boundaries , the topography and the ethnic problems . They are very well placed . ''
Among America 's European allies , only the British can match France 's ability to project significant military force overseas . However , not even they have much experience operating in the string of former French colonies across North and West Africa - where the recent rise of Islamist groups is posing the international community 's latest security threat .
French troops have deployed in more than a dozen African missions during the past two decades . French and British planes took the lead in NATO 's air campaign over Libya in 2011 , when French forces also successfully intervened to halt a civil war in the Ivory Coast . Three years earlier , they spearheaded a European operation to prevent Sudan 's conflict from spilling over into Chad .
Despite talk of quagmires at the start of both those operations , the French troops achieved their objectives with minimal trouble .
Although French newspapers have raised concerns that the current operation to retake an area twice the size of France risks degenerating into an Afghan-style mess , French leaders are confident the 2,500 troops in Mali can get the job done , then hand over to a regional force of African troops .
`` Our objective is the total reconquest of Mali , '' Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told a recent TV interview . `` We are not going to leave any pockets of resistance . ''
Despite their confidence , however , the French are aware that a prolonged conflict against well-armed and well-motivated Islamic opponents could stretch their forces and their finances . Like other European countries , France has been cutting defense budgets as it grapples with staving off economic crisis .
Military spending in 2011 fell below NATO 's target level of 2 percent of economic output for the first time .
According to the latest NATO figures from 2011 , the only allies apart from the United States with defense spending above the threshold were Britain and crisis-wracked Greece . By contrast , US defense spending stood at 4.8 percent of GDP .
Downsizing has been a longer-term trend , however . The French armed forces have fallen in number to 227,000 from 548,000 since 1990 . Military planners currently operate on the premise that France can sustain the deployment of 30,000 troops overseas , compared to up to 50,000 barely a decade ago . Some senior officers have cast doubt even on the 30,000 figures .
`` We 've got a pocket-sized army of great quality , but ultimately vulnerable , '' said a senate report published last year .
Before the Mali deployment , France already had 4,750 troops on operations around the world , including 1,650 in Afghanistan , 950 in Chad , 900 in Lebanon , and 460 in the Ivory Coast .
Although the numbers rushed to Mali are relatively small , French troops still had to hitch rides on British and US heavy transport planes to get to West Africa .
Strategic airlift has been a long-term problem that should be solved with the delivery of new A400M transport planes being built by Airbus . France has ordered 50 of the new heavy lifters , with the first three due to arrive in the second half of this year .
Another shortfall is drones and surveillance satellites that could prove crucial if French troops have to pursue small groups of Islamists through northern Mali 's scrub and desert terrain .
`` They need eyes in the sky that can track in real time moving targets , '' Tigner says . Once again , they may have to rely on British or American help .
Although the French government has been quick to thank allies for such support , there 's resentment that other European countries have n't been more forthcoming with help .
`` Europe can not always give responsibility to one member state , '' Arnaud Danjean , a French politician who chairs the European Parliament 's subcommittee on security and defense , said Wednesday .
Even though European countries agree the threat from Islamists in Africa 's Sahal region concerns them all , they complained , none have offered combat troops , leaving France to singlehandedly serve as Europe 's army .
French officials have long complained that efforts to give the European Union a defense role have floundered because members have lacked either the resources or the political will to send troops into the world 's hotspots .
Military spending has been shrinking across Europe for years : the United States , which provided half of NATO 's defense budget during the Cold War , now pays 75 percent .
Even countries with large armies are unable or unwilling to deploy them . Although Germany maintains almost 200,000 troops , fewer than 9,000 are estimated to be available for overseas deployment - even in the unlikely event the government would be willing to send them .
`` Many Europeans send soldiers on peacekeeping missions , but as we saw in Libya , as we see in Mali , not so many countries are willing to do real shooting , or fighting , or bombing , '' says Daniel Keohane , head of strategic affairs at the think tank FRIDE . `` There 's clearly a deep division among European member states over how to use forces . ''
In 2007 , European Union members signed up to a system that rotates responsibility for maintaining two highly mobile `` battlegroups , '' 1,500-strong units on standby for emergency deployments . However , there 's never been agreement to use them .
The most the EU could consent to do in Mali was to send a 450-strong training mission for the country 's enfeebled army .
`` France has intervened because the problem in the Sahel threatens to blow up into a serious threat to Europe . It has gone in alone because the other Europeans have shirked their responsibility , '' the Germany daily Suddeutsche Zeitung wrote last week . `` That says a lot about the state of the common European security and defense policy . And none of it is good . ''
The petition is the first of its kind to directly challenge the police 's anti-drug operations
Published 6:57 PM , September 07 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Residents of barangays South Triangle and Payatas in Quezon City filed a petition for prohibition seeking to stop house-to-house drug surveillance in their neighborhoods .
The petition seeking a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) was filed before Quezon City Regional Trial Court ( RTC ) Branch 100 on August 31 , and is set to be heard on Monday , September 11 .
The petition is against Philippine National Police ( PNP ) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa , National Capital Region Police Office ( NCRPO ) chief Director Oscar Albayalde , Quezon City Police District ( QCPD ) chief Senior Superintendent Guillermo Eleazar , and station commanders Superintendent Lito Patay of Station 6 and Superintendent Pedro Sanchez of Station 10 .
The residents said police officers conduct house-to-house surveillance , including collecting urine samples from all household members to be tested for drugs . Barangay officials escort the cops into their homes in the operations that began first week of August this year , said the petitioners .
Petitioners added that they were made to fill out forms which asked for their names , occupations , and addresses . They cited news reports which said that those who do not comply with the operations are listed as `` uncooperative '' in the war on drugs .
Residents who test positive through the drug test kit are told to report to the Barangay Anti-Drug Abuse Council ( BADAC ) . Policemen are `` hostile and menacing '' to those who test positive , said the petitioners .
`` The subject operations caused grievous dread to all Petitioners , mindful that thousands of individuals from urban poor communities like theirs have , on mere suspicion of being drug offenders , been summarily killed in the name of the government 's bloody war against illegal drugs , '' the petition read .
Petitioners invoked their right to privacy in asking for the TRO . They also said police must have valid search warrants to conduct house-to-house surveillance and community drug testing .
`` Petitioners ' reaction is utterly explicable in view of the typical police storyline these days that suspected low-level drug pushers and users who are on so-called 'drug lists ' end up dead during police anti-drug operations because they audaciously resisted arrest and fought back , '' they said .
This petition is considered the first to directly challenge the police 's anti-drug operations . An earlier petition filed by Efren Morillo – claiming to be the sole survivor in a summary killing by cops – sought a protection order from the court for them and the relatives of their companions who died . ( READ : A gruesome tale of Tokhang : 'Sir , may humihinga pa ' )
The Court of Appeals granted them a permanent protection order . It came with a restraining order against the police officers , who also belonged to QCPD Station 6 .
Morillo has filed a murder complaint against the cops before the Office of the Ombudsman . – Rappler
The Syrian government has agreed to let aid workers into the country , the UN says , even as the government of Bashar al-Assad expels foreign diplomats .
It would be the first time humanitarian workers - aside from the International Committee of the Red Cross - have been granted permission to enter Syria .
The workers will initially be based in just four cities hard hit by the fighting : Homs , Deraa , Idlib , and Deir Azzor .
UN teams already have been sent to scout those areas , said John Ging , director of the co-ordination and response unit at the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
`` Whether this is a breakthrough or not will be evident in the coming days and weeks , and it will be measured not in rhetorics , not in agreements , but in action on the ground , '' they said .
But despite the humanitarian opening , Syria has also decided to declare 17 foreign diplomats unwelcome in the country .
The ambassadors of the US , UK , France and Turkey , among others , were declared personae non gratae .
Canada , Italy , Spain and various embassy staff members from Belgium , Bulgaria and Germany were also named in the foreign ministry 's statement .
A group of mainly Western countries expelled Syrian diplomats in the wake of the Houla massacre of more than 100 people in late May , one of the worst atrocities in the country since an uprising broke out in March 2011 .
Widespread violence continued on Tuesday , particularly in Latakia , a western port city , where 15 members of the security forces , three rebels and two civilians were killed , according to the London-based activists ' network Syrian Observatory for Human Rights .
State media , for its part , reported the deaths of two high-ranking army officers at the hands of `` terrorist groups '' .
Brigadier-General Anwar al-Saqqa was killed by a bomb planted under their car on the outskirts of Damascus , which also injured their daughter and driver , while Colonel Ahmad Abdul-Qader Haj Hattab was shot and killed by motorcycle-riding assailants in Deir Azzor , according to the SANA news agency .
Ceasefire constantly violated
Syria remains committed to the peace plan brokered by UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan , Faisal al-Maqdad , Syria 's deputy foreign minister , said on Monday , following a meeting with the chief UN observer .
`` We shall work for the success of Annan plan , '' Maqdad said , adding that they discussed with Major-General Robert Mood `` the joint work that we need to carry out together after the full deployment '' of the UN-backed truce observer mission in Syria .
Almost 300 UN unarmed military observers have been deployed in Syria to monitor a putative ceasefire in place since April 12 , but which has been violated every day since then .
A Chinese official has said that Beijing and Moscow have been playing a `` positive role '' on Syria and reiterated the countries ' opposition to foreign intervention in the conflict , as Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived for a three-day visit .
Putin 's visit to China is aimed at bolstering crucial ties between the powerful neighbours who have aligned at the UN to block tougher international action against Syria despite widespread condemnation of the government 's deadly crackdown .
Liu Weimin , a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson , told a daily news briefing that both countries agreed there should be an immediate end to violence and that political dialogue should begin as soon as possible .
`` Both sides oppose external intervention in Syria and oppose regime change by force , '' Liu said .
`` We believe ultimately the Syrian issue should be properly addressed through consultation among different parties in Syria . This is in the fundamental interests of the Syrian people . China and Russia have been playing , in their own way , a positive role on the Syrian issue . ''
Both energy and foreign policy co-operation are expected to be high on the agenda for Putin 's visit , with the Russian leader also due to meet the presidents of Iran and Afghanistan as part of a regional security summit on Wednesday and Thursday .
Within two weeks of the discovery of Zeus Panda ( Panda Banker ) activity , IBM X-Force researchers have uncovered the first signs of Zeus Sphinx attacks in Brazil . A new version of Zeus Sphinx , which is , like Panda , also a commercially available Zeus v2 variation , now targets the online banking and Boleto payment services of three of the top Brazilian banks and one bank in Colombia , according to its configuration file .
Sphinx is a modular banking Trojan and considered to be as sophisticated as Panda and Zeus Citadel . The timing of Sphinx 's migration to Brazil — while the country is hosting a global sporting event — hardly appears to be a coincidence . Cybercriminals are known to increase their efforts during sporting events , taking advantage of the rise in online activity and interest around the competition to lure users into opening malware spam and phishing pages .
Sphinx : Mythically Treacherous and Double-Edged
Zeus Sphinx is a banking Trojan and is a commercial offering sold to cybercriminals via underground fraudster boards . The malware emerged in August 2015 , at which point it started targeting major banks in the U.K . This malware was known to primarily target European entities until recently .
So , another day , another Zeus ? Not quite . Sphinx has been around for about a year now , launched initially in attacks targeting U.K. and Australian banks . X-Force Research analyzed Sphinx 's modus operandi at the time and found that the malware combined elaborate fraud tactics to steal credentials and one-time passwords .
Sphinx 's configuration fetched webinjections in real time from its command-and-control ( C & C ) server , manipulated users to generate authentication codes with their card readers and even tricked victims into downloading a malware app to their mobile device to steal transaction authentication codes sent from the bank via SMS .
Boleto Fraud Costs Brazilians Billions
According to X-Force researchers , the Brazilian iteration of Zeus Sphinx , which is dubbed Sphinx v2 , most likely comes from the same developer and is customized to target local banks . Aside from social engineering injections that ask for payment card PIN codes and PII , Sphinx v2 has been adapted to rob Boleto payments from infected victims . For those that are n't familiar with Boleto payments , think of them as something similar to a money order in the U.S .
According to X-Force researchers , Boletos have been a lucrative target for Brazilian malware authors for the past few years , with one estimate attributing $ 3.75 billion in fraud losses to just one cybercrime faction that targeted Brazilians from 2012 to 2014 .
How Boleto Fraud Works
The typical Boleto fraud malware is facilitated by various codes , which are specifically designed to poison and rob payments from infected user endpoints . But in the case of Zeus Sphinx v2 , stealing Boletos is just one of the malware 's preconfigured theft mechanisms , enabled by real-time man-in-the-middle ( MitM ) webinjections .
The Boleto fraud begins when infected users initiate a Boleto Bancario during their online banking session . At that moment , the malware identifies that a Boleto is being prepared and triggers a set of JavaScript injections .
Sphinx collects the victim 's Boleto data and sends it to the criminal 's C & C . On the server side , the C & C reaches out to a legitimate open source API library that creates Boleto barcodes from transaction details defined by the user . This happens without involving the bank 's server , where the victim 's original Boleto barcode should come from . Instead , the criminal-generated barcode contains the routing data to a mule account and a modified transfer amount .
Since the barcode is not readable by humans , the victim can not tell there is any issue with the barcode response that appears to come from the bank . Ultimately , the rendered barcode the victim unknowingly sends out is the poisoned Boleto request , which effectively reroutes the payment to the criminal . This Sphinx feature automates the fraud and does not require manual intervention from the cybercriminal behind the malware until the actual cashing out of the Boleto payment .
A Mythical Beast Running the Streets
Zeus Sphinx , which is based on the leaked source code of the Zeus Trojan , targets retail banking and Boleto payments of banks in Brazil and Colombia . The malware adapts social engineering injections to manipulate users in each targeted bank . While in some cases Sphinx webinjections only ask victims to provide passcodes and PII , in others it also requires payment card PIN codes as well as the person 's home and mobile phone numbers .
The latter case is interesting because it tells the story of fraud that 's typical to Brazil : mixing digital and physical social engineering to scam victims and empty their accounts . In these schemes , fraudsters may start off the chain by stealing online banking details . Then , to obtain more information , they may supplement their scams with phone calls to the victims .
An Active and Evolving Project
After the recent spread of Zeus Panda to Brazil , Sphinx 's move to the country may mark the beginning of a trend that will add to Brazil 's existing cybercrime threats — a landscape that has been , until now , dominated by relatively simplistic Delphi-based malcode .
This migration of yet another commercial Zeus variant into Brazil further underscores the trending collaboration between Brazil-based cybercriminals and cybercrime vendors from other countries and underground communities — a movement that has been picking up speed in the country since the beginning of 2016 .
Judging by recent emerging campaigns observed by X-Force Research , Zeus Sphinx appears to be an active and evolving project , commercialized to cybercriminals through Dark Web forums . As such , we may see more variations of this malware in the coming months and an expanding list of targets in Brazil .
Striking Down Zeus Sphinx Attacks
IBM Security is familiar with Zeus Sphinx and its various attack schemes . To help thwart Sphinx , banks can use adaptive malware detection solutions and protect customer endpoints with malware intelligence that provides real-time insight into fraudster techniques and capabilities .
To prevent malware infections on their endpoints , users should make sure their operating system and frequently used programs are up to date at all times . When browsing , users should disable ads and avoid sites typically prone to infection , such as those hosting adult content , torrents and free gaming . Most importantly , users should avoid clicking on links or attachments in unsolicited email .
Sample MD5
A sample MD5 hash for the Zeus Sphinx Trojan is 03915A1F03DF164F48AC4DFD04D9C2C4 . Antivirus aliases include Trojan-Spy.Win32.Zbot , according to VirusTotal .
IBM X-Force Research will be updating information and IOCs on Zeus Sphinx via the X-Force Exchange platform . Join XFE today to keep up to date regarding this threat and other findings from our cybercrime labs .
Read the white paper : Accelerating growth and digital adoption with seamless identity trust
An Islamic boarding school for girls in the UK has been ordered to close its doors after a former student claimed pupils were being taught extremist beliefs there .
Aliyah Saleem blew the whistle on Jamia al Hudaa Residential College in Nottingham two years ago , claiming students were being taught strict sharia-style rules .
Read more
Speaking to RT , Saleem said they were told “ homosexuality was diseased , ” gay men should be executed , music was the voice of the devil and men should be allowed to beat their wives .
They say they were expelled from the school in 2011 for owning a disposable camera .
Them claims took the Office for Standards in Education , Children 's Services and Skills ( Ofsted ) two years to investigate .
In its recently released report , Ofsted says pupils lacked “ opportunity to learn and make progress and receive effective preparation for the opportunities , responsibilities and experiences of life in British society . ”
It added that the school “ does not promote balanced views ” and that “ pupils did not understand what is meant by the term ‘ British values . ' ”
Although it has not issued a closure notice , the Department for Education has ordered the school , which charges up to £3,500 ( US $ 4,250 ) a year , to shut down its residential operation .
Read more
Since boarders account for about 85 percent of the school 's students , it 's likely this will mean its effective closure .
Parents are being told to collect their daughters by October 18 .
The school denies the claims against it , saying the decision is “ completely biased and unfair . ”
“ The school has policies and extensive risk assessments in place to promote British values . The school feels this is a very unfair judgment , ” a spokesperson said .
Ellis Cashmore , a sociology professor at Aston University , says it took an “ unbearably long time ” for the school to be investigated .
“ The investigating organization did not want to invite the criticism that it was in any way being less than neutral and objective in its examinations .
“ It 's too long , having said that . I think it could have conducted its investigations with due diligence in less time because what this particular school was preaching was nothing short of hatred . ”
Fast Company wants you to have your best year yet in 2012 ; click for more advice and tips on how to work smarter , manage your career , and lead a more meaningful life .
Why does n't digital talent want to work at your company ? It 's not because you 're a consumer packaged goods company , rather than Google . It 's not because you 're in Ohio instead of Silicon Valley . It 's not because your salaries are too low , or because you do n't offer free food and laundry services .
It 's because you 're not providing them the right opportunity . The talent you want would be happy to work in an un-air-conditioned garage in New Mexico if it meant the chance to change the world .
This , the opportunity to do great things , to make a real difference , is what drives most digital talent–whether they 're developers , designers , producers , marketers or business folks .
Most companies do n't offer this , so they skip your company and work somewhere that 's more innovative and exciting . End of story . But the good news is that you can offer them something exciting and great . The promise of changing a giant , behind-the-times organization into an Internet-savvy business is an incredibly exciting challenge and a big way for ambitious people to make an impact .
But it takes more than lip service to make the sale . Job candidates and new hires with digital chops must truly believe in the company 's dedication to digital transformation and they must see that they are empowered to make this change . Trouble is , many big businesses are n't structured to deliver on this type of opportunity . The attributes of a soul-crushing , Sisyphean , anti-digital workplace run deep .
Digital talent wo n't want to work at your company if :
The files , obtained by the WikiLeaks website and passed to The Daily Telegraph , disclose that a phone number of someone at the BBC was found in the phone books and phones of a number of extremists seized by US forces .
A detainee assessment , dated 21 April 2007 , states : `` The London , United Kingdom ( UK ) , phone number 0044 207 XXX XXXX was discovered in numerous seized phone books and phones associated with extremist-linked individuals .
“ The number is associated with the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) . ” Analysis by The Daily Telegraph suggests the number is one for Bush House , home of the BBC World Service .
The assessment continues that US forces uncovered many “ extremist links ” to this number , suggesting that extremists could have made contact with BBC employees who were sympathetic to extremists or had information on “ ACM [ anti-Coalition Militia ] operations ” .
It says : “ ( Analyst Note : Numerous extremist links to this BBC number indicates a possible propaganda media network connection . Network analysis might provide leads to individuals with either sympathetic ties to extremists or possibly possessing information on ACM operations . ) ”
The Daily Telegraph rang the phone number on Monday . A single tone on the line suggested that it had been disconnected , or was no longer in use .
The possible link between extremism and staff at the BBC will anger the national broadcaster , which prides itself on its impartiality .
The BBC number was given in the file of Turki Mish'awi Za'id Alj-Amri , a Saudi who was “ assessed to be a member of al-Qaeda , who travelled to Afghanistan to participate in Jihad ” .
The file claims that Alj-Amri had “ stayed at al-Qaeda facilities , received training at an al-Qaeda camp , and served under al-Qaida leadership in Tora Bora , AF . “ Detainee 's pocket litter links them to significant Anti-Coalition Militia ( ACM ) personnel and groups . ”
It says : “ Many of the telephone numbers in their pocket litter have been associated with multiple ACM personnel , indicating they may have played a greater role in multiple activities than previously assessed . ”
Alj-Amri was repatriated to Saudi Arabia from the detention camp seven months later on 9 November 2007 , along with 13 other men .
In February 2009 the Saudi Government published a list of the 85 most wanted suspected terrorists , which included an individual named Turki Mashawi Al Aseery .
In September 2006 the BBC 's then-chairperson Michael Grade organised an “ impartiality summit ” , hosted by veteran broadcaster Sue Lawley , to assess whether there was a left-leaning bias at the broadcaster .
An account of the meeting , leaked to a Sunday newspaper the following month , showed that that executives accepted they would broadcast an interview with al-Qaeda mastermind Osama Bin Laden , if they were given the opportunity .
In a debate on whether the BBC should interview Bin Laden if they approached them , it was decided the al-Qaeda leader would be given a platform to explain their views .
Andrew Marr later told the newspaper : “ The BBC is not impartial or neutral . It 's a publicly funded , urban organisation with an abnormally large number of young people , ethnic minorities and gay people .
“ It has a liberal bias not so much a party-political bias . It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias . ”
A BBC spokesperson said : `` Independence and impartiality are at the heart of all BBC World Service output . The service has interviewed representatives of organisations from all sides involved in the Afghan conflict so it would not be surprising that a number believed to relate to the BBC Pashto service was in circulation . ''
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
The Arctic sea ice extent yesterday fell below its previous record low and is currently losing frozen sea at the rate of about 29,000 square miles ( roughly 75,000 square kilometers ) a day . That 's equivalent to an area the size of South Carolina every 24 hours .
Here 's what happened :
On August 26 sea ice extent fell to 1.58 million square miles ( 4.10 million square kilometers ) .
That 's 27,000 square miles ( 70,000 square kilometers ) below the previous record set on September 18 , 2007 .
The 2007 record low ice extent was 1.61 million square miles ( 4.17 million square kilometers ) .
Note that this year 's record low was set more than three weeks earlier than the 2007 record . And summer is n't over yet . There 's more melting to come .
What 's alarming is that the 2007 record was set during a year of near-perfect conditions for melting . This year did n't have anything like perfect conditions . But even that could n't stop the freight train running down those Arctic tracks .
According to National Snow and Ice Data Center ( NSIDC ) Director Mark Serreze : “ The ice is so thin and weak now , it does n't matter how the winds blow . ”
The six lowest ice extents in the satellite record have occurred in the last six years , from 2007 to 2012 .
This trend is an indication that the Arctic sea ice cover is fundamentally changing , said NSIDC scientist Walt Meier . “ The Arctic used to be dominated by multiyear ice , or ice that stayed around for several years . Now it 's becoming more of a seasonal ice cover and large areas are now prone to melting out in summer . ”
The photo above shows the view from the US Coast Guard icebreaker Healy , a science research ship that runs north looking for ice . They 've been having problems finding it the last few summers .
BTW , I 'm headed out aboard Healy for their last Arctic run of the year in October . I 'll let you know what I see up there . And what that might mean for the people and wildlife of the Arctic . Not to mention all the rest of us who 've kind of gotten used to the effects of its frozenness on the planet .
FILE - In this Jan. 28 , 2017 file photo , President Donald Trump accompanied by , from second from left , Chief of Staff Reince Priebus , Vice President Mike Pence , White House press secretary Sean Spicer and then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks on the phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin , in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington . Trump 's White House is nearly paralyzed by crisis , divisions and dysfunction . Virtually all policy announcements have slowed to a crawl . Aides are undercutting each other in leaks ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Less than a month into their tenure , Donald Trump 's White House is beset by a crush of crises .
Divisions , dysfunction and high-profile exits have left the young administration nearly paralyzed and allies wondering how it will reboot . The bold policy moves that marked Trump 's first days in office have slowed to a crawl , a tacit admission that they and their team had not thoroughly prepared an agenda .
Nearly a week after the administration 's travel ban was struck down by a federal court , the White House is still struggling to regroup and outline its next move on that signature issue . It 's been six days since Trump — who promised unprecedented levels of immediate action — has announced a major new policy directive or legislative plan .
Their team is riven by division and plagued by distractions . This week alone , controversy has forced out both their top national security aide and their pick for labor secretary .
“ Another day in paradise , ” Trump quipped Wednesday after their meeting with retailers was interrupted by reporters ' questions about links between their campaign staff and Russian officials .
Fellow Republicans have begun voicing their frustration and open anxiety that the Trump White House will derail their high hopes for legislative action .
Sen. John Thune of South Dakota demanded Wednesday that the White House “ get past the launch stage . ”
“ There are things we want to get done here , and we want to have a clear-eyed focus on our agenda , and this constant disruption and drumbeat with these questions that keep being raised is a distraction , ” said Thune .
Sen. John McCain of Arizona blasted the White House 's approach to national security as “ dysfunctional , ” asking : “ Who is in charge ? I do n't know of anyone outside of the White House who knows . ”
Such criticism from allies is rare during what is often viewed as a honeymoon period for a new president . But Trump , an outsider who campaigned almost as much against their party as for it , has only a tiny reservoir of good will to protect him . Their administration has made uneven attempts to work closely with lawmakers and its own agencies .
Officials have begun trying to change some tactics , and some scenery , with the hope of steadying the ship . The White House announced Wednesday that Trump , who has often mentioned how much they love adoring crowds and affirmation from their supporters , would hold a campaign-style rally in Florida on Saturday , the first of their term .
The event , according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer , was being “ run by the campaign ” and it is listed on Trump 's largely dormant 2016 campaign website . No other details were offered .
To be sure , pinballing from one crisis to the next is not unprecedented , particularly for a White House still finding its footing . But the disruptions that have swirled around Trump achieved hurricane force early and have not let up .
On Wednesday their choice for labor secretary , fast food CEO Andy Puzder , withdrew their nomination while the administration continued to navigate the fallout from the forced resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn . Flynn was ousted on the grounds that they misled the vice president about their contacts with a Russian ambassador .
Flynn 's departure marked the return of an issue Trump is not likely to move past quickly . The president 's relationship with Moscow will continue to be scrutinized and investigated , sometimes apparently fueled by leaks from within their own administration .
Trump on Wednesday blasted what they called “ illegal leaked ” information .
Not just leaks , but also legal woes , have derailed Trump 's early efforts .
After the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals rejected their immigration ban last week , Trump emphatically tweeted “ SEE YOU IN COURT ! ” and the administration vowed that it would re-appeal the block and either revise its original executive order or write a new one from scratch .
But confusion soon followed . After first indicating they would not take a temporary restraining order to the Supreme Court , administration staffers squabbled audibly , behind closed doors , over the accounts emerging in news reports .
When the dust settled , a new statement was printed out and handed to journalists , stating , “ to clarify , ” that all options were on the table . But despite Trump 's vow to have a plan in place by Tuesday , one has not emerged .
The collapse of the ban , which poured fuel on simmering staff rivalries , was followed by a period of stark inaction by a White House suddenly put on the defensive . Trump did sign legislation Tuesday that rolled back a financial regulation , but their administration has not issued any executive orders in days .
House Republicans have been nudging the White House to get behind Speaker Paul Ryan 's tax overhaul , which includes a border adjustability plan of which Trump has been skeptical . GOP aides believed they were making progress , but the matter has been overshadowed by the flood of controversies .
Other possible executive actions have been bandied about , from a task force on allegations of voter fraud to steps to strengthen cybersecurity , but have yet to be released . Key legislative items such as a massive plan to rebuild roads and bridges and an overhaul of the tax law remain works in progress .
“ He 's a one-man band for all practical purposes , it 's how they ran their business , ” said Bill Daley , a former White House chief of staff under Obama . “ When you try to take that and everything revolves around that and they are the beginning , middle and end of everything , that is a tough model . Their campaign was the same way . ”
Trump 's new administration has also been plagued by ethics brushfires that are taking up the time and energy of communications and legal staff members .
In one incident that sparked bipartisan condemnation and calls for ethics investigations , White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said on TV that people should “ go buy Ivanka 's stuff ” — an endorsement that came after the president disparaged Nordstrom for dropping their daughter 's fashion line . And congressional Republicans also are demanding to know more about the security measures in place at Mar-a-Lago , Trump 's weekend White House , where resort members photographed them during a dinnertime national security strategy session after North Korea launched a missile .
“ When you are the White House , every day is a crisis . Crisis is routine , ” said Ari Fleischer , who was President George W. Bush 's first press secretary . “ But when they all come right on top of each other , particularly at the start of an administration , it starts to create the feeling that they do n't know how to run the place . ”
___
Additional reporting contributed by Julie Pace , Erica Werner , Ken Thomas , Vivian Salama and Julie Bykowicz .
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire
The nation 's premier provider of abortions does n't want to be known for providing abortions .
Planned Parenthood , embroiled in a scandal over secret videos capturing its cavalier dismemberment of unborn babies and sale of their body parts , insists that abortion is only 3 percent of what it does .
Practically every defender of the organization , fighting to preserve its federal funding , reverts to the 3 percent figure .
How could you possibly , they ask , defund a group that devotes itself overwhelmingly to uncontroversial procedures and services for women ?
The 3 percent figure is an artifice and a dodge , but even taking it on its own terms , it 's not much of a defense . Only Planned Parenthood would think saying that they only kill babies 3 percent of the time is something to brag about .
How much credit would we give someone for saying they only drives drunk 3 percent of the time , or only cheats on business trips 3 percent of the time , or only hits their wife during 3 percent of domestic disputes ?
The 3 percent factoid is crafted to obscure the reality of Planned Parenthood 's business .
The group performs about 330,000 abortions a year , or roughly 30 percent of all the abortions in the country . By its own accounting in its 2013-2014 annual report , it provides about as many abortions as Pap tests ( 380,000 ) . The group does more breast exams and provides more breast-care services ( 490,000 ) , but not by that much .
The 3 percent figure is derived by counting abortion as just another service like much less consequential services .
So abortion is considered a service no different than a pregnancy test ( 1.1 million ) , even though a box with two pregnancy tests can be procured from the local drugstore for less than $ 10 .
By Planned Parenthood 's math , a woman who gets an abortion but also a pregnancy test , an STD test and some contraceptives has received four services , and only 25 percent of them are abortion . This is a little like performing an abortion and giving a woman an aspirin , and saying only half of what you do is abortion .
Such cracked reasoning could be used to obscure the purpose of any organization .
The sponsors of the New York City Marathon could count each small cup of water they hand out ( some 2 million cups , compared with 45,000 runners ) and say they are mainly in the hydration business .
Or Major League Baseball teams could say that they sell about 20 million hot dogs and play 2,430 games in a season , so baseball is only .012 percent of what they do .
Supporters of Planned Parenthood want to use its health services as leverage to preserve its abortions , as if you ca n't get one without the other .
Of course , this is nonsense .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention provides free or low-cost breast and cervical cancer screenings — without aborting babies . State health departments provide free cancer screenings — without aborting babies . Community health centers provide a range of medical services — without aborting babies .
These organizations are genuinely committed to women 's health , with no ideological commitment to abortion .
Planned Parenthood 's twisted conception of “ reproductive health ” does n't extend to the baby that has been reproduced . All you need to know about its priorities is that it only provides 19,000 “ prenatal services , ” which means that it performs roughly 17 times more abortions .
Supporters of Planned Parenthood have taken to arguing that the group prevents abortion by providing women with birth control , in an obvious smokescreen .
Planned Parenthood could straightforwardly do its part to reduce abortions — by not championing abortion , by not fighting restrictions on abortions and , most of all , by not performing abortions .
If abortion is really incidental to what it 's all about , it could give up the alleged 3 percent . But it will never do it .
Abortion is just a tiny portion of what it does exactly the way the heart is just a small muscle in the body .
A MAN WAS arrested at about 6:45 p.m. Friday , Aug. 1 , following an incident at the Walgreens store , 3153 W. Irving Park Road , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 48-year-old store manager reported that a customer complained of a man harassing customers exited the store , and that after they told the man to leave , they followed them into the store , assumed a boxing stance and threatened him , according to police . When responding officers found the suspect in the 3900 block of North Kedzie Avenue , the threatened them and was subdued with a chemical spray , police said .
The suspect was identified by police as L.C . Brown , age 52 , of no known address .
A MAN WAS SHOT in the face with a BB pellet at about 6 a.m. Sunday , Aug. 3 , as they were driving in the 4700 block of North Manor Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 45-year-old man reported that as they and their wife were driving on Manor , a vehicle containing two men and they felt an object hit their left cheek , causing a small hole , according to police . The man was treated at Swedish Covenant Hospital for treatment , police said .
A MAN REPORTED that they were robbed at about 7:40 p.m. Saturday , Aug. 2 , in the 3300 block of North Pulaski Road , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 20-year-old man reported that two men approached them and that one of the men grabbed a necklace valued at $ 200 from their neck and the other man punched him , according to police .
A WOMAN reported that they were robbed at about 3:20 p.m. Sunday , Aug. 3 , in the 4200 block of West Belmont Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 47-year-old woman reported that a teenager approached them from behind as they were waiting at a bus stop when and grabbed the gold chain from their neck , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that they were robbed at about 3:30 p.m. Wednesday , Aug. 6 , in the 5100 block of North Tripp Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 18-year-old man reported that two men approached them as they were riding their bicycle , punched them and knocked them off the bike , then took the bike , their cell phone and their wallet containing their driver 's license and a credit card , according to police .
A TEENAGER reported that they were robbed at about 7 p.m. Wednesday , Aug. 6 , in an alley in the 6100 block of North Central Park Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 16-year-old teen reported that as they were riding their bicycle in alley , two men punched them and threw them to the ground , and that one of the men took their cell phone and the men fled on bicycles in opposite directions , according to police .
A COUPLE reported that their home in the 5800 block of North Kingsdale Avenue was burglarized at about 1 p.m. Friday , Aug. 1 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The couple reported that when they returned home they discovered that a kitchen window was broken and that 32 pieces from a sterling silver utensil set and several items of jewelry were missing , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that a home in the 3300 block of North Kenneth Avenue was burglarized at about noon Friday , Aug. 1 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The man reported that when they arrived at the home that they were hired to work on they discovered that the basement window was broken , walls were damaged walls and copper piping and tools were missing , according to police .
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 3800 block of North Keeler Avenue was burglarized at about 2:55 p.m. Monday , Aug. 4 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The woman reported that when they received an alert that their security alarm had been activated , and their neighbor found that the back door had been broken in , according to police . The woman said that when they returned home they discovered that a box containing $ 3,000 worth of jewelry and the front wheel of a bicycle were missing , police said .
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 3700 block of West Wilson Avenue was burglarized between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. Monday , Aug. 4 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The woman reported that when they returned home they discovered that a side window was open and that a laptop computer , a mountain bike , a Play Station 3 game system and a monitor were missing , according to police .
A WOMAN reported that their purse was stolen at about 12:15 a.m. Sunday , Aug. 3 , in the 3900 block of North Pulaski Road , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 62-year-old woman reported that after they got off a Blue Line train at Irving Park Road , someone approached them from behind and took their purse containing $ 1,000 in cash , two credit cards and their driver 's license , according to police .
LINCOLNWOOD
A MAN REPORTED that a window on their car was broken between 9 p.m. Tuesday , Aug. 5 , and 6:30 a.m. the following day while it was parked in the 6900 block of North Kilbourn Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
The man reported that they discovered the rear window broken and a brick in the back seat of the car , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that a window on their van was broken between 9 p.m. Tuesday , Aug. 5 , and 8 a.m. the following day while it was parked in the 4400 block of West Lunt Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
The man reported that they discovered the rear window broken and found two bricks on the ground near the van , according to police .
A MAN WAS charged with driving under the influence of alcohol following their arrest at about 3:20 a.m. Sunday , Aug. 3 , in the 4200 block of West Touhy Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
An officer stopped a car that was being driven at 60 miles per hour and that changed lanes without a signal , and the driver was arrested after they failed sobriety tests , according to police .
The suspect was identified by police as Ramiro Munoz , age 29 , of the 7400 block of North Artesian Avenue .
A WOMAN was arrested at about 12:30 p.m. Friday , Aug. 1 , after they allegedly shoplifted items from the Carson Pirie Scott store in the Lincolnwood Town Center , 3333 W. Touhy Ave. , according to Lincolnwood police .
An employee reported that they saw the woman select a men 's athletic shirt , walk to the jewelry department and conceal $ 271 worth of jewelry beneath the shirt , and that the women walked to the fitting room area , removed price tags from the merchandise and left the store without paying for the items , according to police .
The suspect was identified by police as Biyankaben A. Patel , age 20 , of the 6400 block of North Mozart Street .
A MAN REPORTED that gas leaf blowers were stolen from a trailer at about noon Friday , Aug. 1 , in the 6500 block of North Kilbourn Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
The man reported that two gas leaf blowers valued at about $ 425 each were stolen from the parked work trailer , according to police .
A WOMAN reported that their car was burglarized between 8:50 p.m. and 9:35 p.m. Saturday , Aug. 2 , while it was parked in the 3300 block of West Touhy Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
The woman reported that they discovered that the rear driver's-side window was broken and that their purse containing their work identification , a lab coat and a stethoscope were missing , according to police .
A MAN WAS charged with possession of marijuana following their arrest at about 7 p.m. , Tuesday , July 29 , in the 3100 block of West Devon Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
An officer stopped a car for a traffic violation , and the driver was arrested after the officer smelled the odor of marijuana and found 15 grams of marijuana in the man 's pocket , according to police .
The suspect was identified by police as Melvin M. Atto , age 20 , of the 2500 block of West Winnemac Avenue .
The homophobic leader of a rape advocacy ‘ neomasculinist ' online group is holding a worldwide meetup for straight men only this week . It 's their most ambitious global meet-up yet .
Daryush ‘ Roosh ' Valizadeh , the US-based male supremacist and self-styled pick-up artist who leads anti-woman group Return of Kings , has announced plans for meet-ups in 165 cities all around the world from Australia to the UK .
Valizadeh has previously stated that ‘ rape should be legal on private property ' . In their books , they have admitted to raping drunk women . ‘ It took four hours of foreplay and at least 30 repetitions of “ No , Roosh , no ” until they allowed my penis to enter their vagina . No means no , until it means yes , ' they wrote in one book .
In the planned meet-up for 6 February at 8pm local time , they said : ‘ To identify your fellow tribesmen , ask the following question to a man you suspect is there for the meetup : “ Do you know where I can find a pet shop ? ” …
‘ If you ask someone for the pet shop and they appear confused or actually try to direct you to a real pet shop , they 're not there for the meetup . '
Valizadeh has repeatedly spoken against LGBTI people .
‘ The legalization of gay marriage is a full frontal attack on heterosexual men , ' they wrote in one article on their website .
‘ The societal reorganization that is necessary to allow gay marriage automatically elevates homosexuals to a special class of citizenry . To hoist one class you must demote another , meaning that heterosexual men are by default the enemies and oppressors of homosexuals . '
They added : ‘ Young boys will be enthusiastically taught the superiority of homosexual lifestyles and the shameful privilege of heterosexuals , especially concerning the types of relationships that lead to nuclear , stable families . In addition , straight men will be forced under the barrel of the state 's gun to pay taxes for the AIDS drugs of gays , their impulsive sex changes , their mental and medical treatments resulting from sleeping with hundreds of partners , and also the salaries of politicians that continue to vote against traditional family values and basic morality standards .
‘ Your tax money already goes to Planned Parenthood and pharmaceutical companies to sterilize the female population so what 's a few more a billion more to empower gays to continue their bathhouse behavior ? '
They also believe women should not be able to vote , trans woman who sleep with straight men are rapists and women are biologically determined to follow the orders of men .
Numerous petitions have been launched to stop these meet-ups from happening .
‘ Our views are becoming known enough that we can ‘ come out ' of the shadows and not have to hide behind a computer screen for fear of retaliation , ' Valizadeh said in a post on the website .
‘ Let the sixth of February be a clear signal to all that we 're not going anywhere . We have finally arrived . '
City real estate is hot , but the hottest properties are not in Midtown Manhattan and Brooklyn — neighborhoods that normally heat the sector .
Many young professionals , with prime earnings years ahead of them , are moving to upper Manhattan and nabes in Queens .
The hot metro-area neighborhoods for these up-and-comers are Manhattan 's central Harlem and Lincoln Center , along with Astoria and Middle Village in Queens , according to a study conducted by a real-estate Web site .
These areas have many people checking out properties , and the properties are turning over at a faster pace and at higher prices than in the rest of the region .
“ Each locale on this list is emblematic of the key trends driving housing this year — healthy local economics , job opportunities and affordability , ” said Jonathan Smoke , chief economist for Realtor.com , which conducted the study .
They say these communities are attracting those with substantial household incomes , often $ 100,000 or more . Those moving there value demographic diversity as well as reasonable prices .
“ For first-time homebuyers , ” Smoke said , “ these communities provide great opportunities to enter the housing market , build a career , and raise a family ; older generations are able to build wealth and enjoy a variety of lifestyles . ”
Middle Village , Queens : Some 269 average listing views per month . That 's 2.1 times the market average . Properties listed 48 days on the market , or 28 days fewer than the market average . Median price $ 658,000 .
: Some 269 average listing views per month . That 's 2.1 times the market average . Properties listed 48 days on the market , or 28 days fewer than the market average . Median price $ 658,000 . Astoria , Queens : 365 average views per month . That 's 2.8 times the market average . 63 days for the average property to be sold , 13 days faster than the market average . Median price $ 374,000 .
: 365 average views per month . That 's 2.8 times the market average . 63 days for the average property to be sold , 13 days faster than the market average . Median price $ 374,000 . Central Harlem : 245 average views per month , 1.9 times the market average . Number of days a property is listed is 65 , or 11 days fewer than the market average . Median price $ 990,000 .
: 245 average views per month , 1.9 times the market average . Number of days a property is listed is 65 , or 11 days fewer than the market average . Median price $ 990,000 . Lincoln Square : 189 average views per month , 1.5 times the market average . Number of days a property is listed is 55 days , which is 21 days f ewer than the market average . Median price $ 1.85 million .
Whether it 's been a long day at work or you 've been in school all day since morning , one of the things you look forward to most is a hearty meal cooked by your biwi or ammi or even your cook who you dragged out of your village years ago that doubles as a driver . And more often than not , you 're hoping they made biryani .
Dat booty ? More like dat boti .
But is that it ?
Actually , you 're not just hoping that they made biryani . You 're PRAYING that they did . You would beg them all day and night to make you a plate of that delicious biryani otherwise you 're just gon na refuse to eat at home and get a packet or two of that shit from the first thela you see on you way home just to feel some of that masalay-dar goodness .
However , if you end up getting biryani from a thela , it 's probably gon na feel a hell of a lot better on the way in your stomach than on the way out of it . But you do n't care . You want that biryani . Inside you . Right now .
When you see it
When you see that degh , time stops . You lift the lid and watch the steam escape and you ca n't help but look at it the same way you 'd look at a girl after studying in a boy only school all your life . The rice and the chicken fall on your plate and your dignity falls to the ground because at the moment all you can think about is stuffing that biryani inside you . You give the biryani the ‘ you 're going home with me tonight look ' .
You 're going home with me tonight . Just give me three hours to comb my moustache .
Wait . Something 's wrong .
As the last bit falls on the plate and you put it in front of you , something seems wrong . There 's something really off with this biryani .
Then it hits…
No . It ca n't be .
You pick up a spoon and start to sift through it . When that fails , you throw the spoon away and go through it all over again with your fingers . You do this again and again until you 're forced to accept the bitter truth . THERE 'S NO AALOO IN THE BIRYANI .
The pain . The pure , undiluted pain .
There 's no word in the dictionary that quite defines what you 're feeling right now . Agony and suffering are understatements . Most of us would rather lose our mind than lose that delicious piece of complex carbohydrate in our plate .
So you go back to the degh . But it 's too late . Everyone else in your family already emptied it . You go to each one of them , begging them to give you a piece of their aaloo . You offer to become their slave for the rest of your life . To give them your kidneys . Both of them .
But they love their aaloo as much as you do so why would they give it up for anyone ?
Mothers would give up their babies than give up that potato that 's such an important part of their biryani . So you go back to your table and try to have that aaloo-less biryani which tastes extra salty because of the tears that are falling into it from your eyes .
Let it out . You deserve at least that much .
This comic was set more than a thousand years ago since Twilight became an alicorn.Visually , I think there 's nothing wrong with the sky like that though ... The moon is actually pretty when it 's on fire and I do n't mind the stars to be out at daytime ... Anyways , I just thought of this and I think that this would be the perfect time for me to try and make a comic out of vectors : Celestia in the first panel ( I edited it ) : [ link ] Luna in the first panel ( I edited it ) : [ link ] Star Swirl : [ link ] Scrolls : [ link ] Books ( edited ) : [ link ] Library backdrop : [ link ] Luna in the 3rd panel ( edited ) : [ link ] Daytime backdrop : [ link ] Celestia in the 4th Panel ( edited ) : [ link ] Nighttime backdrop ( edited ) : [ link ] Speech Bubbles ( also used in my previous comic ) : [ link ] Brushes ( sun , moon ... etc ) : [ link ] Cutie Marks : [ link ] Yes , I know they talk funny but this did take place in Ancient Equestria . And lookie ! We can tell that Celestia got a lot better at raising the moon XDNone of the characters ( or the vectors and backdrops for that matter ) belong to me ... They belong to the mlp franchise and other respective owners
Institute of Pacific Islands Forestry
Pacific Island Ecosystems at Risk
( PIER )
Plant threats to Pacific ecosystems Caring for the Land and Serving People
PIER has recently added new species profiles . These species have been recently evaluated by a weed risk assessment as being other-than-low-risk for invasive potential in the Hawaii-Pacific region .
Pacific Island Ecosystems at Risk provides listings and descriptions ofAlso listed are many other invasive and potentially invasive plant species present in and around the Pacific region .
Status of PIER : PIER is once again being updated , at least for the immediate future . The last updates were made 13 February 2018 and were posted 09 March 2018 .
Information on some species may be incomplete or missing . Contributions of information , photos , drawings , etc . are solicited and will be properly credited or cited . Also , please look at the list of possible additional species nd let us know if you think they should be added as threats to Pacific islands .
Need more info ? Have questions ? Comments ? Information to contribute ? Contact PIER ! ( pier @ hear.org )
Amber Tamblyn and David Cross .
After their husband , David Cross , was accused of making racist jokes to comedian Charlyne Yi , Amber Tamblyn has said that they reached out to Yi with support . Earlier this week , Yi recalled the time they met Cross : They made fun of their pants and asked them if they spoke English , saying , “ Ching-chong-ching-chong. ” Cross said that they remembered the encounter differently , and that they were simply doing a racist Southern character from their stand-up routine . When Tamblyn 's Twitter followers pressed them about this controversy , they admonished them for holding them accountable for their husband 's actions — this was their bad behavior , not theirs — and said that their real concern was for Yi . “ I spoke to Charlyne . I believe them I 'm about Them feelings/emotional health right now , ” Tamblyn tweeted . You can see their full statement below .
I spoke to @ charlyne_yi and their feelings/safety are all that matter to me . We 're good . I owe you nothing , Twitter . You 're lucky to have me . — Amber Tamblyn ( @ ambertamblyn ) October 20 , 2017
I 'll say it again . I spoke to Charlyne . I believe them I 'm about Them feelings/emotional health right now , not Twitter 's . That okay with you ? https : //t.co/aQU5dGqKuY — Amber Tamblyn ( @ ambertamblyn ) October 20 , 2017
Who drank the most out of columnists , fiction writers , poets , and only playwrights ? As January 31 marks vodka 's traditional birthday , let 's take a fresh look at classical Russian writers ' drinking habits .
In January 1908 , the Russkoye Slovo daily ran a satirical piece on Russian writers ' relationship with alcohol .
* * *
The French magazine La Revue has come up with an interesting questionnaire to establish what French writers drink . Inspired by this example , a St. Petersburg newspaper offered a similar questionnaire to Russian writers . The results of both projects suggested that neither the French writers nor their Russian counterparts ever touch alcohol – preferring natural spring water . Far be it for us to cast aspersions on our French colleagues , but we decided to check the veracity of the Russian writers ' replies using the audiatur et altera pars method [ listen to the other side ] . Seeing as the “ other side ” in our case is the bartenders of watering holes frequented by Russian writers , we began our inquiry with the literary Vienna restaurant , which has long been a popular haunt of many Moscow and St. Petersburg-based writers , including Alexander Kuprin , Nikolay Gumilev , Arkady Averchenko , and Alexey Tolstoy .
Vienna restaurant
“ Russian writers mostly drink vodka ; but they also order beer , always in glasses . When they have the money , Russian writers eagerly order brandy , normally the less expensive brands . On the other hand , Russian writers seldom drink poor-quality wine – only when someone else is treating them . They would rather stick with brandy than drinking a liqueur .
When it comes to snacks , Russian writers ones that are served in the largest quantities for the lowest price . Many drink without any food at all , or they go for the yorsh rite , which involves chasing down every shot of vodka with a sip of beer . Russian writers do not like mineral water , but they do demand kvass – with ice , no less .
Kapernaum Tavern
We run tabs for Russian writers , although some of them pay on the spot or by installments . In terms of the amount they drink , writers are second only to merchants . The medium-sized shots they use , smaller than the ones used by merchants but bigger than the standard ones , are known as writers ' shots in these parts . Some Russian writers drink themselves under the table , but for the most part Russian writers are well-trained and do n't get excessively plastered . Drunken Russian writers either start kissing each other or quarreling ; some deliver speeches on arts or tell stories of the advance payments they have received and spent on drinking , or are planning to receive and spend on drinking . It has been noted that most of the Russian writers considerably exaggerate the sums of those advance payments . ”
“ Could you tell us what Russian writers drink – and their manner of consumption ? ”
“ They drink vodka . They do not usually order any food ; some go for beer straight away [ instead of food ] . ”
“ What about wine ? ”
“ They do not drink wine much . The writers of the past would ask for wine , they knew their wine , but the ones of today do not ask for anything but vodka . ”
“ How much do they drink then ? ”
“ A lot . The only patrons that drink more are factory hands . ”
Fedorov 's
“ Russian writers prefer to drink at the counter , and choose cheap sandwiches as their snacks . Some fiction writers lace their vodka with [ brandy-based ] Sirop de Picon . Reporters always demand very hot pasties , because they have been running around out in the cold . When writers meet actors we put them at a round table because they start swinging their arms all too eagerly . ”
Cubat
[ An expensive restaurant frequented by art critic Sergey Dyagilev , writer Sergey Nezhinsky , singer Fyodor Shalyapin , and philanthropist Savva Mamontov ]
“ Russian writers never ask for champagne , although there is a group of writers who do not order anything – even for early morning breakfast . As for liqueurs , Russian writers mostly ask for ones which do not exist . Russian writers never sip their drinks ; they down them . They tip more generously than oil industrialists ; perhaps only shipbuilding engineers tip more generously than Russian writers . ”
A theater club
“ Oh , those Russian writers . There is nothing that they will not drink . Perhaps with the exception of gin and pale ale . But they will get to those too , eventually ! Russian writers drink everything , and in handsome quantities . They need large tabs because they are so insatiable . ”
“ Do Russian playwrights drink at all ? ”
“ Even a chicken drinks , so how can it be that Russian playwrights do n't ? But playwrights rank fourth by the amount they can drink . First come columnists , then fiction writers , then poets , and only then playwrights . ”
These are the results of our objective questionnaire . We leave it to our readers to draw any conclusions .
Vlad . Azov , Russkoye Slovo , St. Petersburg , 1908
First published in Russian by Arzamas Academy .
How to drink vodka with Russians ( and not get drunk )
If using any of Russia Beyond 's content , partly or in full , always provide an active hyperlink to the original material .
Novel glasses-free tabletop 3D imaging technology for collaborative applications
2 February 2017 , SPIE Newsroom . DOI : 10.1117/2.1201611.006777
Tabletops can be shared spaces for collaborative work and are useful for a variety of tasks . For instance , documents , materials , mock-ups , and other objects can be exchanged between multiple people seated around a table . Taking inspiration from such real-life scenarios , it is a current aim to achieve a virtual-reality system that can be used for collaborative tabletop communications . To achieve such tabletop communications that are as natural as possible , a number of requirements must be satisfied . First , it should be possible to view 3D images over a full 360° range . Second , ordinary tabletop activities should not be inhibited . Third , the number of viewers should not be limited , and last , no special 3D glasses or wearable tracking system should be required .
Although recently developed virtual-reality systems ( i.e. , head-mounted displays ) can be used for collaborative work , they only satisfy the first tabletop requirement . Moreover , the user experience with these systems is that of a totally immersive virtual world where people depart from real-life communications . In addition , volumetric ( volume-swept ) displays1 can also be used to generate glasses-free 3D images with 360° viewing angles and thereby satisfy the first , third , and fourth requirements . However , they also include the use of showcase-like mechanical components on the table and thus do not satisfy the second of the requirements . Furthermore , several glasses-free tabletop 3D displays that satisfy all four conditions have previously been proposed.2 , 3 These methods , however , generally involve the use of a horizontal high-speed rotation disk on the table ( or a few high-refresh-rate projectors ) . Such high-speed components therefore mean that tradeoffs—between color-depth range , refresh rate , and the number of directions that can be displayed per second—are required . These systems thus generally entail substantial shortcomings when they are used to displaying full-color animations and interactive content . In addition , the moving component is usually bulky and gives rise to difficult momentum control when the display is enlarged .
In our work,4 we have therefore developed a novel glasses-free tabletop 3D imaging technology—known as fVisiOn—with which we aim to display virtual 3D media alongside real media ( in a natural manner ) . We can use this device to display full-color , 10cm-wide , 5cm-tall real-time 3D animations . We install the complete mechanism underneath the table to satisfy the second of the initial requirements . The system thus forms a 360° annular viewing area around the table , and provides horizontal parallax without the need for 3D glasses or head tracking in the horizontal plane ( i.e. , so that the third and fourth conditions are satisfied ) . Any number of viewers seated around the table ( as in the first requirement ) , or standing at a distance of 1–2m , can therefore observe the 3D images from the ‘ sweet direction ' of the fVisiOn system ( i.e. , at an elevation angle of 35° from the center of the table ) . An example of fVisiOn in use , is shown in Figure 1 , where a real mirror and a toy duck are placed on the table around the displayed 3D computer-generated objects . From this photograph it is obvious that the virtual and real objects are both reflected by the mirror in a natural manner ( because of the horizontal parallax that exists around the table ) .
Figure 1 . Photograph showing the use of the glasses-free tabletop 3D display system fVisiOn . Photograph showing the use of the glasses-free tabletop 3D display system fVisiOn . 4 Both the real ( i.e. , toy duck ) and 3D computer-generated objects are reflected , in a natural manner , by the mirror .
One of the distinctive features of our method is the ability to ‘ float ' 3D images on an empty , flat tabletop by using only static components ( see Figure 2 ) , and the hardware components within our latest prototype are shown in Figure 3 . The exterior of this prototype looks like an ordinary round table , with a diameter of 90cm and a height of 70cm . In this case , the conical rear-projection screen is installed beneath the table and its curved surface causes anisotropic diffusion of the incoming rays ( i.e. , it diffuses the light in the direction of the shape 's edge so that it passes in the direction of the circumference ) .
Figure 2 . Schematic illustration of the principle behind the fVisiOn method for generating table 3D images over a 360° viewing angle . Ea and Eb : Two different eye positions . Pa : Point on the imaginary object 's surface that emits light rays virtually to emulate the surface . Ps : A point on the conical screen 's surface at which directional light rays ( from each projector ) can proceed straight into the horizontal plane .
Figure 3 . Photographs of the exterior ( left ) and internal ( center ) components of the fVisiOn prototype , as well as the resultant generated 3D images ( right ) .
To demonstrate the operation of our prototype , we arranged 288 tiny projectors in a circle to generate light rays with many directions . Each pixel cast by these projectors corresponds to a particular ray . On a vertical plane , each ray enters the screen and exits at an angle . Part of this fan-like diffused light from the ray is then caught by the viewer 's eyes ( see Figure 2 , left ) . In contrast , on a horizontal plane , the orientation of the rays that are produced from a series of projection centers is preserved after they pass through the screen ( see Figure 2 , right ) . At any position around the annular viewing area , the eye observes the slit-like parts in each projector 's rays . The retina therefore collects fractional slit-like images from different projectors and forms an appropriate image for the perspective of each viewing point .
Additional benefits that arise from our methodology include the blank space that surrounds the 3D images , and the fact that the tabletop is merely covered by a semi-transparent acrylic plate . Some sensors ( e.g. , cameras and magnetic devices ) can thus be set underneath the table . Some examples of applications of our interactive 3D display are illustrated in Figure 4 . For example , ‘ imaginary 3D games ' from manga ( graphic novels ) and science fiction movies are enabled . By placing cards in a certain area of a table , the creatures on the cards are ‘ summoned ' to the table as glasses-free 3D images . Multiple players can watch the creatures fight from any direction ( i.e. , over the full 360° range ) around the table . fVisiOn is also suitable for ordinary collaborative activities around tabletops , e.g. , it can be used during group discussions and teleconferences to share digital documents and virtual mock-ups .
Figure 4 . Photographs of the fVisiOn being used for a tabletop ‘ imaginary ' 3D card game .
In summary , we have developed the so-called fVisiOn system as a novel glasses-free 3D imaging technology that can be used for various collaborative and gaming applications . We have also successfully demonstrated the use of a prototype , i.e. , multiple viewers can view the 3D computer-generated objects around a 360° viewing range , at distance of about 0.5–2m , and with the correct perspective ( i.e. , an elevation angle of 35° ) . In our current work we have confirmed and realized our methodology with only the use of a ‘ homemade ' prototype . Our displayed 3D images are thus somewhat blurry and unfocused ( because of the limited precision of our equipment ) . In the next stages , we therefore aim to improve the 3D image quality we obtain with our system . For example , we need to shorten the angular pitch of the projectors so that we can generate sharper results . By employing fabrication techniques that are used in industry , we hope to create an improved system .
Part of this research was supported by the Japan Science and Technology Agency 's Core Research for Evolutional Science and Technology program .
Shunsuke Yoshida Universal Communication Research Institute
National Institute of Information and Communications Technology Tokyo , Japan Shunsuke Yoshida is a senior researcher whose work focuses on virtual reality systems and glasses-free 3D displays . They received their PhD in human informatics from Nagoya University , Japan , in 2001 . Universal Communication Research InstituteNational Institute of Information and Communications Technology
SAN ANTONIO — The world 's earliest alphabet , inscribed on stone slabs at several Egyptian sites , was an early form of Hebrew , a controversial new analysis concludes .
Israelites living in Egypt transformed that civilization 's hieroglyphics into Hebrew 1.0 more than 3,800 years ago , at a time when the Old Testament describes Jews living in Egypt , says archaeologist and epigrapher Douglas Petrovich of Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo , Canada . Hebrew speakers seeking a way to communicate in writing with other Egyptian Jews simplified the pharaohs ' complex hieroglyphic writing system into 22 alphabetic letters , Petrovich proposed on November 17 at the annual meeting of the American Schools of Oriental Research .
“ There is a connection between ancient Egyptian texts and preserved alphabets , ” Petrovich said .
That 's a highly controversial contention among scholars of the Bible and ancient civilizations . Many
this
An Injustice Against our Citizens
By Terry Maketa , Sheriff
Monday , March 4 , 2013 , was unlike any day I 've experienced in my 12 years testifying at the Colorado State Capitol . During my tenure , I 've had numerous opportunities to participate in legislative processes from draft proposal to signature of a bill making it law .
I 've witnessed many hearings and observed citizens , law enforcement , and special interest groups share opinions on a variety of proposed laws . I 've witnessed very controversial bills set in a process to allow full access from supporters , opponents , and citizens to be heard by their legislators . On numerous occasions , bills similar in nature were set for hearing on different days to ensure opportunity for anyone to participate in the deliberative process . On Monday , this did n't occur . Instead , gun bills were simultaneously scheduled and of 25 plus sheriffs , only one could testify per bill . Hearings were split so bills heard simultaneously were on different floors , even though all were heard by senate committees . Rules for testimony changed three times from Thursday afternoon through Monday at 10:30 am , when hearings began .
Historically , any citizen would be allowed to speak if they arrived at the Capitol early and signed up on testimony records . Although sign up sheets were in place and citizens including myself signed up , we were completely disregarded . Minutes after I signed up to testify , I learned a different process would be utilized and testimony was based on three categories : experts , preferred witnesses , and public witnesses . No explanation was provided to define expert or preferred witness . I was told this decision was made by the senate president and the chairperson of the hearing committee . Additionally , experts would have no time constraints and all others would be restricted to three minutes . I was completely disheartened at what I was witnessing and this was exacerbated when I learned experts included an individual that was not a resident of Colorado who had no credentials to qualify as an expert except their spouse was a victim of the Tuscan Arizona shooting . They admitted they had not read the proposed bill and could not speak to any specifics regarding this bill . They encouraged Colorado to adopt universal background checks and close the gun show loophole , both of which already exist . Sadly , they testified with unlimited restriction as voters and taxpayers of this state sat helplessly as they were denied the right to testify during committee hearings .
My colleague , Sheriff John Cooke , testified in opposition of the “ Universal Background Check ” bill on behalf of most sheriffs while staying within the three minute constraint . Fortunately , I was allowed to testify because a member of the legislature listed me as an expert witness . I was honored and brought statistics and facts as it related to the national insta-check system ( NICS ) ; the probable criminalization of law abiding citizens and the unenforceability of this particular bill . I offered other options knowing we all share the common goal of reducing violence . I was proud to represent my constituents and the majority of our sheriffs . That pride was quickly diminished as I departed the hearing room and witnessed hundreds of citizens who would not be given the opportunity to testify . Although they expressed their sincere appreciation for my comments , I recognized the injustice that was unfolding before my eyes . Citizens of Colorado were prevented from participating in the legislative process . Their rights had been overridden by the agenda of a few members of the State Senate .
As I made my way out of the Capitol , I was shocked at the number of people who attended these hearings . It 's estimated the number of people in attendance reached 1,000 . I spoke to several and was told they just wanted their voice to be heard . Many of them had never been to the Capitol , let alone testified on any bill . Some brought their children as a lesson in civics and sacrificed a day at work to participate in the law making process . Unfortunately , what they hoped for never happened .
Due to a prior commitment , I could not stay for the remaining bills . Later , I phoned a member of our legislature and expressed concern for what I had witnessed ; changing of rules , time limits , new classification of speakers to establish priority and most of all the number of citizens who made the journey to the Capitol in hopes of being heard . I was told the rules did change several times and that this was very unusual . These changes were driven by the majority leadership , Senator John Morse , and the chairperson of the involved hearing committee .
I am not sharing this because of the outcome of the hearings that day ; rather I am sharing this because of the process implemented and the faces of all those citizens that were never permitted to participate in the process . Government is supposed to be by the people , for the people and on this day , they were crushed and kicked to the side . Special interest coalitions and hand picked experts with no relevant expertise trumped our citizens .
To add insult to injury , the following Wednesday , I received an email containing the following language from a member of County Sheriffs Of Colorado : “ …I have been advised by a reliable source at the Capitol that the Dems are seriously not pleased with the CSOC positions on the gun bills , and given the potential for a real salary bill to be introduced as you shall see from a follow-up email from ” ( an unnamed sheriff ) , “ support of SB197 would put us in a more favorable light for salary bill support from the Dems . I do not believe we would be sacrificing our principles or positions on the other gun bills by supporting SB197. ” “ ... Please let us know what you think on this proposal ASAP as I need to get a letter from us to the Senate Dems before the close of business today. ” As I see it , senate Dems have made it known , “ sheriffs , obey or no pay for you. ” The first word that comes to my mind is extortion . Again , I 'm disheartened that the pay of sheriffs is threatened to gain compliance with the majority party leadership . Local elected officials ' pay is set by the legislature as stated in Colorado Law . The previous governor 's process brought the need for a pay increase before the legislature and that legislature is attempting to buy compliance . I have great admiration for my fellow sheriffs ; they are true professionals with high morals and principles . Having served with many of them for years , I can say they are men of honor with a passion to serve and do what 's right . I will not speak for them , but I personally will not concede to these threats , stand by while coercive acts such as this go without mention , nor will I compromise my values and beliefs for a justified pay raise based on studies performed by a bi-partisan commission formed by the democrat leadership . To be clear , this salary recommendation would have no affect on me , as I am term limited . Setting salaries is the responsibility of the legislature . This authority should not be used as a tool of coercion , but unfortunately it appears to have become such a device and there is nothing to suggest otherwise .
All anti-gun bills before the Senate passed.Some must go back to the House , where they will likely pass.Now it moves on to secondary options . If you are a fighter , donate to our cause at www.bfdf.org . If you 're a Coloradoan , donate your time if you can.Like us on Facebook for updates : Let 's make them pay.Ladies and gentlemen , explains what we 're up against . This is from a Sheriff here in our state . We need to get these scum who would threaten this out of office.All emphasis mine and mine alone .
April 18 , 2016 : The publication ban on the name of Linda Christina Redgrave , known as Witness 1 during the trial , has been lifted . The piece has been updated to reflect the change .
In November of 2014 , Linda Christina Redgrave , a Toronto mother of two walked into a police station to tell officers that Jian Ghomeshi had assaulted them They did so after learning two things : 1 ) They are n't the only woman the former CBC radio host allegedly hurt , and 2 ) There was no statute of limitations on their claim that they had yanked their hair without warning in December 2002 and again in January 2003 before delivering two blows to the side of their head . They sat down with detectives and nervously blurted out them story .
“ I just went on and on , ” says Redgrave , one of three complainants in the criminal trial against Ghomeshi . “ When I later saw the excerpts of that interview in court , I was horrified , ” they say now . “ I did n't recognize myself . ”
That police interview was the beginning of a massive learning curve about testifying in a high-profile sexual assault trial , one that concluded today with Ghomeshi being acquitted of all charges . Redgrave did n't know their rambling police interview would be their official statement and later used in court . They did n't know their subsequent exchanges with detectives about whether or not they were wearing hair extensions during the first assault would be used by Ghomeshi 's defence attorney , Marie Henein , to make them look less credible . They did n't know their fuzzy recollection of details , such as the colour and make of Ghomeshi 's “ Disney car , ” would be so incisively scrutinized . And they did n't know a photo she 'd emailed to Ghomeshi of themselves in a red string bikini would leave their testimony in tatters .
Still , Redgrave insists speaking out “ was the right thing to do. ” Now , with the launch of the website comingforward.ca , they want to help other women navigate the system if they decide to report a sexual assault . Chatelaine asked Redgrave what they wish they had known before embarking on one of the toughest experiences of their life .
Exclusive : Lucy DeCoutere on the Ghomeshi disaster
1 . I wish I 'd sought legal guidance before reporting the assaults .
Were I ever to make another statement in the future , I would n't walk into the police station and just do it . I would consult a lawyer , because this is going to be the statement relied upon in trial . We feel the police are on our side to help us , but their job is to focus on the charges against the accused . They should have informed me that every word I said could be disclosed to the defence should there be a charge . When I went to the police , I felt like I was venting ; there was n't much direction . The police wo n't tell you to take your time , be descriptive , use words and not gestures . It would have been helpful if they had stressed that I check through emails to see if I had any communications with Jian . * Jian was read their rights and told anything they say could be used against them in a court of law . It turns out anything a witness says can be used against them , too .
2 . I wish I 'd known how nerve-wracking the whole process would be .
I was overcome with fear at the thought of coming forward , but I could n't ignore this with a clear conscience . When I walked into the courtroom , I kept reminding myself “ I 'm just here to tell a story. ” But I felt like a sacrificial lamb . Everyone was staring at me . I brought a little crystal stone to squeeze when things got rough . I had an unquenchable thirst throughout the testimony — it was actually scary how thirsty I was . The second day , before my cross-examination continued , I was losing energy . I did n't know if I could do it . I wanted to just run out and say , “ I 'm sorry , you suck , you hurt me. ” It was like being on a game show in front of the whole country , and if you answered one question wrong you 'd get a poison arrow in the head .
3 . I wish I 'd known that my memory , above all , would be on trial .
People think you just go on the stand and tell the truth . It 's not like that . Marie Henein never once challenged my allegations . They did , however , challenge my memory with the collateral details , despite my repeating that my memories became clearer as I sat with them . I wish I 'd known how important that was ; I would have prepared more to defend my memory . If one were to retell a movie they saw only once 13 years ago , chances are they would remember and re-tell the main events before recalling the smaller details . I did see a yellow car , but that was brushed over because the model was wrong . I had two out of three facts correct .
4 . I wish I 'd known how harshly I 'd be treated on the stand .
Before heading into cross-examination , the victim witness support worker told me it was going to get rough . That was n't helpful . I ca n't say Henein scared me — they annoyed me to no end . They yelled and sneered and talked down to me . I was thinking , “ Why is this allowed ? Why am I sitting here while everyone looks on as she 's mocking me ? ” So many times I wanted to laugh because I was thinking , “ Is this real ? It 's 2016 and this is what they do ? ” I felt it was abusive . I was told that they would n't be , and that the judge would stop them if they ever got that way . But it felt like they were attacking the hell out of me . * * It 's not fair that someone gets assaulted , and has to go to court and get assaulted again . Why ca n't it be adults in a room , fact-finding and looking for truth ?
5 . I wish I 'd known how my behaviour after the assault would be scrutinized .
I knew there was a photo , but I was n't sure I 'd sent it . I did n't even remember what I wrote , but I remembered why I was doing it . I wanted to speak to him . I wanted to know why they did what they did . I was n't embarrassed about the picture . There was nothing salacious about it . I chose it . But I was n't happy about the big drum-roll build-up to its presentation and the insinuation that I had been “ found out. ” I think it 's normal for people who have a history of abuse as I do to keep it going . In my experience dating back to childhood , abuse has been cloaked in kindness . This was true for my interactions with Jian , the way they switched into this dark rage and then back to a really nice guy . People can judge me based on what they think I should or should n't have done but there is no one way of reacting to abuse .
6 . I wish there was a place I could 've turned to for all the information .
Just before the trial , I felt so alone . It 's not like you can call your mother and talk about it . I 've created a website , comingforward.ca , where I hope survivors of sexual assault can find some guidance before going to police and taking the stand . It will cover what to consider when you 're preparing to testify or report , what it 's like before a trial and what it 's like to go through a trial . Right now , there 's nowhere to look all of that up , and no one to talk to . It 's not very clear for a complainant what your role is , what the rules are , what your rights are and who you can and ca n't talk to and in what time frame . I wish I 'd known all of that from the minute I walked into the police station . But I still think — as horrible as the system is — more people have to come forward . If everyone stays quiet , it 's never going to change .
As told to Sarah Boesveld .
* In an email , the Toronto Police Service said detectives in the Jian Ghomeshi trial told complainants their statements were important , given under oath and that their obligation to be a witness at any future trial related to this complaint was outlined . At the end of the interview , witnesses were given the opportunity to change anything . Each complainant was also asked about any further contact at all they had with Mr. Ghomeshi . Detectives told complainants all evidence was crucial to the case and that anything disclosed to the police and/or the Crown would also be disclosed to defence .
* * Ms. Henein did not directly respond to a request for comment , but a partner in their firm , Scott Hutchison , said the complainant 's characterizations of their courtroom behaviour “ are false . It would be wrong for you to repeat them . ”
Related :
Exclusive : Lucy DeCoutere on the Ghomeshi disaster
The bleak lessons of the Ghomeshi trial
In their own words : Protestors on the Ghomeshi verdict
Ghomeshi trial : Everything that 's wrong with sexual assault law
Not guilty : Jian Ghomeshi acquitted of all charges
The Federal Bureau of Investigation declined to comment about the episode , and State Department officials would not answer questions about whether American officials helped engineer Mr. Mohamed 's arrest . A message left at the Kuwaiti Embassy in Washington was not returned .
Mr. Mohamed 's case is the latest in a string of episodes over the past year in which Americans have been detained overseas and questioned about their travels to Yemen , where a number of attempted terrorist attacks against the United States have originated . The Obama administration has expanded terrorist watch lists to prevent people who have traveled to Yemen to travel to the United States without additional screening — or detention and questioning .
During the 90-minute telephone interview , Mr. Mohamed was agitated as they recounted their captivity , tripping over their words and breaking into tears . They said they left the United States in March 2009 to “ see the world and learn my religion , ” and had planned to return to the United States for college .
They said they had traveled to Yemen to study Arabic , but stayed less than a month because their mother worried about their safety . They said that they spent five months later that year living with an aunt and uncle in northern Somalia , before moving to Kuwait in August 2009 to live with an uncle and continue their Arabic studies .
They said that after being taken into custody , they had been visited once by an American Embassy official in Kuwait , and that F.B.I . agents visited a week later to tell them that they could not return to the United States until they gave truthful answers about their travels .
On Tuesday , their lawyer wrote a letter to the Justice Department demanding an investigation into the episode .
“ The manner of their detention and the questions asked of Mr. Mohamed indicate to them that they were taken into custody at the behest of the United States , ” wrote Gadeir Abbas , a lawyer appointed by the Council on American-Islamic Relations .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Mohamed said the episode began Dec. 20 , when they went to the airport in Kuwait City to renew their Kuwaiti visa , which they had done every three months since they arrived in the country .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
They became worried when a normally routine visit lasted several hours , as Kuwaiti officials made them wait in a spartan office . After five hours , they said , two men in civilian clothes entered the office with handcuffs , and soon they were blindfolded and spirited away to a detention site that they estimated was a 15-minute drive from the airport .
Over the next several days , they said , their captors grew increasingly hostile and began beating their feet with sticks and striking them in the face when they asked them about their time in Yemen .
“ Are you a terrorist ? ” they asked , according to their account .
“ No , ” they replied .
“ Do you know Anwar ? ” their interrogators asked , referring to Mr. Awlaki .
“ I 've never met him , ” Mr. Mohamed recalled saying .
“ You are from Virginia , you have to know him , ” they responded , according to Mr. Mohamed . From 2001 to 2002 , Mr. Awlaki was the imam of a prominent mosque in northern Virginia .
Mr. Mohamed said they rarely slept during a week or so at the prison and was able to mark time only by the daily cycle of Islamic prayers .
They said that their interrogators told them they would have American officials detain their mother in Virginia and that “ he would never see them again ” if they did not tell the truth about their connections to terrorists . During the interrogation sessions , they said , the Kuwaitis also tried to intimidate them by repeatedly barking orders to “ bring the electricity . ”
Mr. Mohamed said they were eventually transferred to the deportation center in Kuwait , where they are currently detained . They said that the American Embassy officer told them that their travels had raised “ red flags. ” The officer , they said , told them that the embassy had been unaware of their whereabouts and had been searching hospitals and local jails since their disappearance — an assertion they said they did not believe .
It is unclear how long Mr. Mohamed will remain in limbo . Their older brother , Mohed , has traveled to Kuwait , and they said in an interview on Wednesday that the Kuwaitis told them they were pushing for their release , but that the American Embassy had not yet filled out paperwork that would allow Mr. Mohamed to be freed .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mohed Mohamed said that their family , which fled Somalia in 1995 , has always been pro-American and grateful to the United States for its intervention in Somalia 's civil war in the 1990s .
They said that their younger brother was the most adventurous of seven siblings , and the first to travel outside the United States since the family had arrived .
Waiting to learn their fate , Gulet Mohamed said the past two weeks had changed him .
“ I can not sleep , ” they said . “ I can not eat . I 'm scared to walk to the bathroom because I 'm afraid they will hunt me down . ”
“ I 've been beaten and tortured , physically and mentally , ” they said , choking back tears . “ I 'm not the same . ”
Here we go . Nobody can work much time without making clear the subject of their work . However , I 'm not going to offer yet either a definition of consciousness , either an explanation of its properties , either an account for its presence . The final aim of my entire blog is to approach this questions and try to sketch an answer , a point far to be accomplished . Here I am simply trying to clarify what I am talking about when I use the word “ consciousness ” , and why it is a tricky issue .
With the term “ consciousness ” I mean subjective experience , that set of first person feels also called “ phenomenology ” or “ qualia ” .
I think that most of the people would agree with the way I figure consciousness to myself . It is “ that ” , the feel , the sensation , the interior presence , the personal way to perceive the world . A trivial reduction of this inner sensations to something like attention will be seen like a theft by almost anyone . So , let 's put aside for now all the academic simplifications that substitute consciousness with wakefulness , responsivity , awareness , sense of self , and so on . Let 's stick to the core of the issue : there is something that it is like to be ourselves ( Nagel , 1974 ) .
Historical dualists were definitely right in focusing the attention on the subjective side of consciousness : the mere acknowledgment of consciousness depends on first person identification , and without it we would not be here debating about its nature .
However , before going ahead we should be sure to comprehend each other . We all agree that we have subjective experiences , and that we are speaking of them when we talk about consciousness . But how can we be sure to mean the same thing ? Can we be in error in judging our subjectivity ? May we live differently the same experiences ? May conscious quality seem in a way but be in another ? Actually yes . We constantly contradict ourselves about consciousness characteristics . There is no way that , in a large group of people , anyone will agree on the strength of the same painful stimulation , will be able to distinguish two similar kinds of red , or will notice the same details of a visual scene . How can we find out who is consciously feeling pain , who holds two different phenomenologies of red and who has different conscious versions of visual content ?
Presence and quality of subjectivity depend on so many factors that , as individuals , we ca n't trust our intuitions , even if they are the primary source of data .
Think of a common joke . You put some bad wine into the bottle of a fine one and offer it to a friend . If they get influenced by the expectations and appreciates it , can you tell what is their effective experience of the wine ? Are they deceiving themselves altering the bad qualia or are the qualia actually good ? Is there a real difference between these two situations and , if so , can we really find it out ? Indeed , when the target of the wine joke is yourself , you ca n't necessary be sure of the nature of your experience , which may seem fuzzy and retroactively adjust itself .
Another example about the inconsistency of subjectivity is the apparent sharpness of peripheral visual field . We intuitively feel like to see a full resolution picture of what is in front of our eyes , but this is not true . Indeed the parafoveal vision is blurry and heavy desaturated at the point the ca n't distinguish the color of single pencils if a little group of them is put into the visual field periphery – Try it out ! Then , how can our experience be sharp if the perceptual information about visual objects is poor ? Are we deceiving ourselves altering the bad qualia or are the qualia actually good ? Again , there is a real difference between these possibilities ?
There are A LOT of situations like these , in which our phenomenology seems confused – or confusing .
The subjective experience that each person feel in the situations I have exposed ca n't be denied . But there are many legitimate doubts about boundaries and proprieties of this experience , doubts that ca n't be solved appealing only on introspection or folk psychology . A science of phenomenology is needed , a discipline that can employ empiric standards to find out relevant distinctions and bring light on interiority issues – utilizing large samples , check groups and statistics . The Cognitive Approach could let us find out if we are really conscious of the refrigerator buzz in the background ( Block , 1995 ) or a sort of illusion of presence appear when we first notice it . How ? Making use of behavioral data and functional models of awareness .
In conclusion , without a rigorous third person investigation we can only point a finger at the set of phenomenons we call consciousness , but neither define nor explain it . The pointing , a sort of naive observation , has its relevance in noticing the existence and peculiarity of subjectivity , but leave it unintelligible . However , it is not unintelligible in a mystic way , as if consciousness holds a mystery that ca n't be solved by human means ; it is unintelligible because hypercomplex , unstable , and influenced by so many brain events at so many levels that even the mental subject can deceive themselves about the content or presence of their phenomenology .
We all know what we mean by saying that we are conscious of something , but , in some relevant sense , we do n't . Let 's find it out !
Click HERE to access the bibliography .
Advertisements
Jewish Men Discuss Circumcision . What do we really think ?
Reform Judaism : more and more Jews are questioning traditional circumcision .
Courtesy : guggiedaly.blogspot.com
( TEL AVIV ) - The practice of circumcision is something I 've been aware of from a very young age . I grew up in Brooklyn , New York , and my family is Orthodox ... Whether it 's the Victorian-era doctors , bent on perpetuating their own sexual repression , or during the Maccabean Period where the Jewish priestly ruling class instituted the more severe form of brit milah that is practiced today , which includes brit peri'ah ( complete foreskin ablation ) , we are made to suffer and cause our children to suffer in an endless cycle of trauma . It 's high time we stop .
- Jonathan Friedman , On Circumcision , Authority and the Perpetuation of Abuse .
“ I 'm 37 , and have been sitting on a mountain of grief and rage for 17 years , since I discovered what was stolen from me while reading a critique of circumcision in a hip , underground , alternative Jewish newspaper I found at a campus Hillel , of all places… In the Torah , God also commands us to stone people to death , burn animal sacrifices , and take slaves from neighboring nations . Jews have given up those unholy practices , why should n't we give this one up too ? The majority of Swedish Jews are intact , and guess what ? They 're still Jewish ! Judaism , whether a cultural , ethnic , or religious identity , does not require circumcision . Jewishness is solely defined by parental lineage or conversion , not by genital cutting . Today , there are Jewish babies welcoming ceremonies for all genders free from genital cutting…
- Matthew Taylor , The case against circumcision , MondoWeiss , August 4 , 2011 .
`` Let me ask you , Bent , since you are the head of the Jewish community in Denmark . What should I do if I want my foreskin back ? I never wanted a stranger to touch me in the crotch without my permission . I would NEVER IN LIFE allow anyone to cut some of my penis . And how would you advise my parents , who did not consider that they had agreed to a mutilation , surgery without clinical indication ( and without anesthesia ) on their own son ''
- Leo Milgrom , Can you give me my foreskin back ? , ( English translation from Danish by Google . )
`` I am Jewish , the eldest of 3 children and the son of a doctor… I feel deeply harmed by circumcision , and this view has only been confirmed over time . I do not feel closer to Judaism because of my circumcision . On the contrary , I deeply wish one thing had nothing to do with the other . The genital cutting of infants has driven me away from my religion , and I 'm far from alone in this view . Eventually my father understood these issues , and even apologized for having allowed my brother and I to be circumcised at birth… There are hundreds of thousands of men who resent their infant circumcision . There are tens of thousands of intact Jewish boys and men around the world who thank their lucky stars they were not circumcised . ”
- Brian Levitt , Jewish Intactivist
Testimony at the California Senate Judiciary Committee Public Hearing on Circumcision .
“ …It is accepted that they that is not circumcised , but is the son of a Jewish mother , is a Jew . Numerous scholars of Judaism have clearly pointed out that this damaging surgical ritual is inconsistent with all other tenets of the Jewish religion to protect the integrity of the individual and do no harm to another person . The Law Commission would be doing all Jews great service , in fact , to finally recognize the universal harm , the permanence , and the impossibility of informed consent of non-therapeutic circumcision on any infant boy , regardless of religion . To fail to do so , to create a `` special exception '' for Jewish boys , would be tantamount to governmental discrimination against infants born into the Jewish faith by assuming that their pain is less ( it is not ) and that they will simply learn to accept their harm . Our pain is real , we are part of the larger society , and we need and expect full protection under the law . ”
- Brian Levitt , Jewish Intactivist , Statement to the United Kingdom Law Commission
Consultation Paper No . 139 20 , November 1996 .
I am 21 years old , Jewish , and opposed to circumcision My Jewish identity was always very important to me growing up . I went to synagogue a lot , spent my summers at a Jewish summer camp , had a bar mitzvah , and in high school was part of NFTY ( North American Federation of Temple Youth ) . I went to Israel for a semester in high school . When I was a child and teenager , I was always proud to be Jewish , to be a part of G-d 's chosen people , to be in a culture that valued life and not death . I 'm also a person who finds the idea of permanent body modification disturbing . I feel G-d made us the way we are for a reason . Every organ has a purpose . Even our imperfections are a sign of our individuality . When I found out I was circumcised , I was horrified ... How could a religion of tikun olam do something destructive to their newborns ?
No matter what , I ca n't cut my kids . I will never know the advantages of being intact—how much difference this really makes—but I do know skinning a baby 's penis is wrong . I will give my sons the choice I never had . My boys will feel proud of what they are—Jewish and intact ! ``
- Al Rubenstein , Me But Not My Son : A Young Jewish Man Breaks Rank on Circumcision .
“ I wish I had n't been circumcised . I could show you studies that I believe demonstrate the deleterious effects of the procedure on infants , the costs to the adults that had the procedure done earlier in life , and the falsity of the supposed health benefits of circumcision , but I wo n't . There are dedicated organizations that can convey that information far better than I could . What I have to offer you is my personal experience ... I grew up going to shul [ synagogue ] , celebrating the holidays , going to Sunday School , having a Bar Mitzvah [ the Jewish coming-of-age , at 13 for boys ] , and even going to a Jewish Day School , yet today I am in almost complete control over the extent to which Jewish culture and Jewish religion play a role in my daily life . The exception is circumcision… ”
- Shea Levy , To the Mohel Who Cut Me . “ I 'd heard how my uncle had fainted during my bris and what a horrible event it was . This was the thing everyone would talk about at the Passover seder… The ban on circumcision that 's on the ballot in San Francisco is a triumph for intactivists … I 'm totally for it . San Francisco has often leaded the country in elevating our consciousness . It has already helped spread awareness of this human rights crime to other states and hopefully will lead people everywhere to be more compassionate , thoughtful and rational not only towards their own fragile newborn children but to other fellow men and women as well . ”
- Jason Paige , Jewish Singer , Blood , Sweat & Tears Lead Singer Protests Infant Circumcision , by Rebecca Wald , J.D .
From Orthodox to Reform Judaism , more and more Jews are questioning traditional circumcision .
Groups of Jews who chose to keep their sons intact are starting up in the United States , Israel and elsewhere . Both Reform Judaism and Humanistic Judaism formally welcome intact Jewish males . Many Jewish Intactivists feel that if true Jewish morals were adhered to , circumcision surgery would be impossible .
Hundreds of thousands of . Most Eastern European and South American Jews remain intact , and many Western European Jews have bypassed circumcision , seeing it as a needless , violent leftover of a bygone history . Some Jewish scholars and Rabbis believe that it is time to interpret the covenant in a symbolic and metaphoric way . Some other Jewish scholars think that surgical circumcision is against the ethics of Jewish law . Some Jews who were raised in the Orthodox tradition such as Eliyahu Ungar-Sargon , Mark Reiss , MD , and have become especially vocal Jewish intactivists . Some religions like Buddhism and Hinduism consider surgical circumcision a violation of another person and the holy body , and a terrible misdeed .
The human body is a delicate biological eco-system and surgery on any part of it has an effect on the whole system . The intact male foreskin is an innate part of the human anatomy with a valid protective purpose . The presence of the Intactivist movement has thankfully brought these issues to the forefront of the American consciousness .
Judaism has evolved enormously over the last two hundred years . Jews were active in the early civil rights , peace , women 's , gay rights , and environmental movements , making huge advances for human rights in many areas . The prevalence of female Rabbis and the acceptance of gays and lesbians in most Jewish communities shows just how quickly Judaism can evolve on issues of fundamental human rights . Many Jewish Americans and Israelis are active leaders in the worldwide Intactivist movement .
______________________________ ______________________________ ______________________________ __
Learn More About the Jewish Inactivist and Genital Wellness Movement
Share On copy Share On copy
Share On link Share On link
Share On tumblr Share On tumblr
Share On more Share On more
Share On whatsapp Share On whatsapp
Share On sms Share On sms
Share On email Share On email
Share On Twitter Share On Twitter
Share On lineapp Share On lineapp
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On vk Share On vk
Share On facebook Share On facebook
In their opening monologue on SNL , first-time host Drake talked about being Canadian , their Degrassi : The Next Generation past , and , of course , being Jewish . Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Cash Money via kanyetothe.com
`` Having a Jewish mother and a black father made for a very interesting bar mitzvah , '' they said before re-enacting their bar mitzvah . NBC / Via steph-was-here.tumblr.com And yes , that sign says , `` Mazel Tov Aubrey , '' which is Drake 's real name .
In honor of becoming a Jewish man , young Aubrey announced he 'd henceforth be known as Drake . NBC / Via steph-was-here.tumblr.com Though their mother wanted them to go by `` Dracob . ''
And 13-year-old Drake was ready to show off their skills . Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF NBC
They started things off to the tune of the traditional `` Hava Nagila . '' Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF NBC
And then they launched into a full-fledged rap that included choice lyrics like ... Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF NBC
Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF NBC
And they stopped for a mid-rap prayer with their Uncle Larry about Yeezus and Kim Kardashian . Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF NBC
The Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals said Monday night that it plans to rescind a proposal to instate a 30-day waiting period for women seeking abortions , following media reports that the waiting period and other proposed regulations could shut down all five abortion clinics in the state .
DHH is considering an `` emergency '' set of rules for abortion clinics , which currently includes new building standards and an unprecedented requirement that a woman take certain blood tests at least 30 days before they can have an abortion . This last requirement would force women seeking abortions to have the procedure later into their pregnancies , making it riskier and more costly , and could make it impossible for some women to obtain a legal abortion before Louisiana 's 20-week gestational limit .
Moreover , the blood tests indicated by the new rules , which check a patient 's hematocrit and hemoglobin levels before a surgery , are normally performed the day of an abortion procedure because they need to be as current as possible , women 's health care providers said .
`` A 30-day-old hematocrit [ test ] is no good , '' Kathaleen Pittman , an administrator at Hope Medical Group for Women in Shreveport , La. , told HuffPost in an interview . `` It makes no sense . ''
Pittman said they are confident that no doctors or medical experts were present when the new abortion rules were drafted . `` I can not figure out who would come up with that little jewel , '' they said . `` No hospital is going to accept a hematocrit that 's 30 days old . ''
The rules were supposed to go into effect in November , but RH Reality Check , a publication that covers sexual and reproductive health news , reported that enforcement has not yet begun .
John Morton-Finney Earned 11 Degrees and Practiced Law Until They Are 106 Years Old 3
John Morton-Finney was a Kentucky-born lover of learning . They grew up in a family of seven children in which poetry readings and political debates were common activities . They enlisted in the 24th Infantry in 1911 and received $ 15 a month while serving their country . Morton-Finney , who ultimately earned 11 academic degrees , was noted to have once said , “ I saved my money so I could go to school when I left the army. ” They had their eyes set on a big future .
Morton-Finney arrived on their first post in the Philippines on January 1 , 1912 . They eventually rose to corporal and sergeant , but they ran into racial discrimination when they tried to earn a commission as an officer . Realizing they had hit a wall with the army , they decided to get out . In 1914 , they left the army with $ 300 in their pocket , and headed straight to Howard University .
Morton-Finney was the first instructor hired when Crispus Attucks High School opened in 1927 . As they could speak six languages , they became the head of the foreign language department at the high school . The life-long learner also obtained five degrees in law– the first in 1935 and last at the age of 75 –and practiced law until they were 106 . In total , they earned 11 degrees in fields such as law , history , mathematics , and French .
Morton-Finney was believed to have been the longest practicing attorney in the United States , taking the record from Rush Limbaugh I ( 1891-1996 ) who practiced law for 75 years . They died on January 28 , 1998 at the age of 108 .
source :
archive.indystar.com/article/99999999/NEWS06/80826019/John-Morton-Finney
Police say a man has been arrested after walking into a Canadian Forces recruiting office armed with a knife and allegedly stabbing two Forces members in an incident being investigated for possible terrorist activity .
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders says the 27-year-old walked into the office around 3:30 p.m. Monday and attacked a person in uniform behind the counter .
“ The attack was unprovoked , ” Saunders said Monday night outside the building at Yonge Street and Greenfield Avenue , just north of Sheppard Avenue .
“ Potential terrorist activity is one of the angles we are looking at , ” they added .
Toronto police are working with RCMP , CSIS and Ontario Provincial Police in their investigation , Saunders noted .
The RCMP do n't expect any further incidents to occur in connection with the case , according to a statement from Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale .
“ While it is premature to comment as an investigation is ongoing , the information the RCMP has at this point suggests this is an isolated incident and that there is no imminent threat to public safety , ” they said . “ Canadians can be assured that their police and security agencies are fully engaged and are discharging their responsibilities . ”
Saunders says other uniformed employees subdued the man .
“ We 're very fortune that the Canadian Forces , through their training , responded , reacted , and as a result I can tell you the chances of this being much more severe , much more serious , definitely would have occurred , ” Saunders said .
Saunders added that another man was stabbed in the process , and that a total of two Canadian Forces members were attacked . They said they suffered non-life-threatening injuries .
The police chief said the alleged attacker made remarks during the incident , but declined to elaborate or identify the man , saying only they are in hospital .
“ Certain comments were made by this gentleman… that has caused some concern , ” they said .
The Department of National Defence says there 's no indication of previous “ suspicious activity ” in the area or at the facility .
“ CAF members will continue to exercise vigilance and apply the necessary force protection measures , ” the DND said in a statement .
‎
“ The Canadian Armed Forces are continually adapting Force Protection measures to meet the demands of an evolving security environment . The safety and well-being of DND/CAF personnel is a primary concern . ”
Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said via Twitter their thoughts are with those injured in the incident as well as those who jumped in to assist .
My thoughts are with the @ CanadianForces members injured today in Toronto . and with those who responded bravely in the face of danger . — Harjit Sajjan ( @ HarjitSajjan ) March 15 , 2016
Toronto Mayor John Tory is disturbed by the incident .
“ ‎I was saddened to hear that two Canadian Forces members were injured in what appears to be an unprovoked attack at a recruiting centre in North York , ” Tory said in a statement . “ My office has spoken to Chief Saunders and is advised that Toronto Police are investigating with the assistance of federal authorities . We will continue to monitor the situation closely . ”
The man will be charged with assault and police are looking into their motive , Saunders said .
There are “ many people to be investigated at this point in time , ” they said .
UTSA raises $ 180 million in first-ever capital campaign , exceeds goal by more than $ 60 million
( Oct. 6 , 2015 ) -- The University of Texas at San Antonio ( UTSA ) has received gifts and pledges of $ 180 million dollars in its inaugural capital campaign , We Are UTSA – A Top-Tier Campaign , exceeding its original goal by more than $ 60 million . Launched in 2009 , the capital campaign 's initial goal was $ 120 million to support student scholarships , faculty and research initiatives , campus activities and community outreach programs . In early 2013 , the university surpassed that goal and , with two years left in the campaign , set and exceeded a new goal of $ 175 million .
UTSA President Ricardo Romo announced the conclusion of the capital campaign and its $ 180 million fundraising total at their annual State of the University address today , calling the accomplishment “ a major milestone in our advancement toward Tier One designation . ”
“ When we started this campaign , we knew UTSA had momentum , but the groundswell of support that we received from the San Antonio community has far exceeded what we could have imagined , ” said Romo . “ San Antonio wants a Tier One university . It believes in UTSA . And it is committed to supporting our students , faculty and researchers so that excellence thrives at our university and in our city . ”
Nearly 33,000 donors contributed almost 73,000 gifts to the campaign , which raised $ 62.6 million for student scholarships and fellowships , $ 43.8 million for faculty support , $ 19.1 million for UTSA research centers , institutes and outreach programs , and $ 50.1 million for student life and facilities enhancements . Another $ 4.5 million was raised for other university priorities including presidential scholarships .
“ No other university in our region educates , influences and impacts more people than UTSA , ” said Tom Frost , UTSA capital campaign chairperson and chairperson-emeritus of Frost . “ The success of this campaign reflects San Antonio 's commitment to creating a world-class city backed by a world-class quality research university . ”
UTSA began planning for its capital campaign in 2008 , conducting feasibility studies and gaining support from community and business leaders . An initial $ 2.5 million gift from the Valero Energy Foundation supporting business and engineering students launched the campaign in 2009 . A year later , UTSA received its largest private gift in the history of the university , a $ 22 million estate gift bequeathed by former schoolteacher Mary E. McKinney . The gift is supporting undergraduate scholarships in perpetuity .
In spring 2012 , UTSA kicked off the public phase of its campaign with $ 94 million already raised toward its $ 120 million goal . In 2013 , it reached $ 120 million and then increased the goal by $ 55 million . As the capital campaign concluded this fall , UTSA had received more than $ 180 million from its supporters .
“ UTSA is making San Antonio a Tier One city . With the support we have received through the capital campaign , we are producing tomorrow 's business and community leaders . We are making breakthrough discoveries in science , engineering and cybersecurity , ” said Marjie French , UTSA vice president for external relations and chief development officer . “ We have more than 30,000 donors who , through their generosity , are making it possible for UTSA to transform the lives of students , faculty and researchers who are making meaningful contributions to society . We are so grateful for their support . ”
Campaign Impact : Student Scholarships and Fellowships
UTSA raised more than $ 62 million for student support through We Are UTSA – A Top-Tier Campaign , creating hundreds of undergraduate scholarships and graduate fellowships .
A number of the new scholarships are already supporting students from underrepresented populations . Nearly half ( 48.4 percent ) of UTSA 's students are Hispanic . More than 45 percent ( 46.2 percent ) will be the first in their families to earn a college degree . Seventy percent are eligible for financial aid . Many works full-time to support themselves and/or their families while they are in college .
The McKinney estate gift , received in 2010 , was initially valued at $ 22 million and has grown to a value of more than $ 30 million today . So far , it has funded four-year undergraduate scholarships for 170 high achieving students , including Boyd Garriott '14 , a UTSA alum who majored in economics and is now attending Harvard Law School . While at UTSA , Garriott was active in the Student Government Association and interned in the U.S. House of Representatives .
In 2011 , a $ 500,000 gift from the Kudla Foundation created the Nancy and Frank Kudla Endowed Fellowship in Information Assurance and Security . College of Business alumni Frank Kudla '85 and Nancy Kudla '87 created the endowment to support graduate student research and education in cybersecurity . To date , the fund has supported four graduate students including Michelle Maasberg , a doctoral student conducting insider threat behavioral research . A former Navy helicopter pilot and a graduate of the U.S . Naval Academy , Maasberg is using the Dark Triad , a group of personality traits including narcissism , Machiavellianism and psychopathy , to help develop a model to identify workforce insiders . They have presented their research at a variety of top information technology conferences across the country .
Additionally , the $ 62 million that UTSA raised in this area enabled the creation of 70 new endowed scholarships and 32 new graduate fellowships .
Campaign Impact : Faculty Research , Recruitment and Support
Faculty members play a significant role in ensuring that excellence , creativity and innovation thrive at UTSA . We Are UTSA – A Top-Tier Campaign generated nearly $ 44 million in support for UTSA faculty including recruitment and retention . To date , the university has attracted new faculty members from Harvard , MIT , Carnegie Mellon , UC Berkeley , Northwestern and other Tier One research institutions through its GoldStar Initiative supporting world-class faculty scholars and researchers .
In 2013 , UTSA received a five-year , $ 5 million commitment from H-E-B to further support the recruitment of exceptional faculty . Private donors matched that gift dollar for dollar , doubling the impact of the H-E-B Faculty Research Excellence Fund for endowed professorships and chairs across UTSA 's nine colleges .
UTSA faculty members are nationally and internationally recognized in their fields . George Perry , for example , is the Semmes Foundation Endowed Chair in Neurobiology , an endowed position funded by a $ 1 million gift from the Semmes Foundation and matched by the H-E-B Faculty Research Excellence Fund . Perry , who also serves as dean of the UTSA College of Sciences , is one of the world 's top-ranked Alzheimer 's disease researchers and is leading UTSA initiatives in brain health research .
Additionally , Carlos and Malú Alvarez made $ 2.35 million in campaign gifts to support graduate research fellowships . Their first gift , $ 1.35 million , was made in 2009 . A $ 1 million challenge grant in 2013 matched , in part , an 80/20 Foundation gift to fund post-graduate fellowships and research assistantships to advance open cloud research and training at UTSA . Earlier this year , the university launched the UTSA Open Cloud Institute , an initiative to develop degree programs in cloud computing and big data and foster collaboration with industry , positioning UTSA and San Antonio as world leaders in open cloud technology .
Other initiatives supported by the $ 44 million fund include the creation of 41 new endowed faculty positions .
Campaign Impact : Serving Society
UTSA raised more than $ 19 million through We Are UTSA – A Top-Tier Campaign for programs and infrastructure to advance the university 's community engagement initiatives including its research centers and institutes .
A $ 100,000 grant from Chase to the UTSA Institute of Economic Development , for example , is supporting the UTSA Veterans Business Program . The program provides assistance to veterans who are returning to civilian life with the goal of starting their own businesses . UTSA is helping veterans with start-up , business planning , market research , financial planning , loan assistance , government contracting , sales and marketing , branding , website development and franchise ownership assistance .
Other community engagement initiatives supported through the $ 19 million fund include the ExxonMobil Texas Science and Engineering Fair , the state 's annual science and engineering competition for youth , hosted by UTSA ; the Prefirst-year student Engineering Program , a highly successful summer program that engages pre-college students in STEM-related disciplines through rigorous curricula , hands-on activities and career preparedness seminars ; and the T.C . Frost Generating Educational Excellence in Mathematics and Science ( GE2MS ) program , which recruits and prepares science and math students to become educators .
Campaign Impact : Creating Enriching Experiences
Student life , facilities and equipment were given a $ 50 million boost through We Are UTSA – A Top-Tier Campaign . To enrich research experiences , a $ 1.2 million gift from the Robert J. Kleberg Jr. and Helen C. Kleberg Foundation allowed UTSA to purchase one of the world 's most powerful microscopes . Dubbed “ Helenita , ” the transmission electron microscope , available to researchers around the globe , is a holy grail that allows nanotechnology researchers to see samples magnified 20 million times their original size . It is enabling impactful research in nanotechnology , biology , chemistry , geology , engineering and medicine . It has also boosted UTSA 's reputation in microscopy and attracted post-doctoral fellows from a variety of countries to UTSA .
One of UTSA 's initial gifts came from James Bodenstedt '96 . The UTSA alumnus gave $ 1 million to kick-start the university 's then-fledgling football program , now in its fifth season of play .
Senior Mauricio Sanchez has benefitted from that generosity . Sanchez , a graduate of San Antonio 's Warren High School , was recruited to join UTSA 's football program when it was a start-up and received a scholarship , participating in the team 's first year of play . Sanchez says that without that scholarship , they likely would not have had the opportunity to play college football .
Gifts in this area totaled more than $ 28 million for UTSA athletics programs including a $ 1 million gift from Red and Charline McCombs . The gift kicked off fundraising to build practice facilities at the new UTSA Park West athletics complex near the intersection of Highway 1604 and Kyle Seale Parkway . Once completed , the complex will be home to all UTSA Athletics teams .
By the Numbers
Amount Raised
• Total raised : $ 180 million
• Student scholarships and fellowships : $ 62.6 million
• Faculty support : $ 43.8 million
• Research centers and institutes : $ 19.1 million
• Student life and facilities : $ 50.1 million
• Presidential priorities : $ 4.5 million
• Pre-campaign endowment market value : $ 57,116,011
• Post-campaign endowment market value : $ 122,893,897 , up 115 %
Donor Base
• Total number of donors : 32,940
• Total number of gifts : 72,821
• Average gift size : $ 3,208
• Funding given by non-UTSA alums : 87 percent
Alumni Participation
• Total number of UTSA alumni campaign donors : 17,251
• Alumni participation increase during campaign : 141 percent
• Average alumni gift size : $ 487
Campaign Increases 2009-2015
• Number of donors increased 160 percent ( from 4,144 to 10,808 )
• Gifts and pledges increased 159 percent ( from 5,688 to 14,747 )
• Prospects increased 140 percent ( from 3,175 to 7,619 )
Notable Campaign Successes
• 143 new campaign endowments including 70 endowed scholarships , 41 endowed faculty positions , and nine endowments providing 32 graduate fellowships
• 170 undergraduate scholarships to date through the McKinney gift
First Faculty Endowments
• Neurobiology
• Stem cells
• Cloud computing
• Bilingual studies
• Medicinal chemistry
• American literature
• Chemistry
• Applied math
• Mechanical engineering
• Hydrogeology
• Engineering design
• Entrepreneurship
• Real estate finance
Creation of New Research Programs
• Vaccine Development Center of San Antonio
• Texas Sustainable Energy Research Institute
• UTSA Open Cloud Institute
• JEOL microscope , Helenita
• Endowed dean 's chairs in Business , Engineering , Liberal and Fine Arts , and Sciences
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Connect online with UTSA on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Instagram .
After the anti-American hostilities in the Middle East this week , one would think it 's pretty obvious why it 's in our interest to prevent Muslim extremists from getting nuclear weapons .
Apparently not , for CBS Face the Nation host Bob Schieffer actually asked Sunday , `` What is the difference in Iran having a nuclear weapon and Russia having a nuclear weapon or China or Pakistan ? '' ( video follows with transcript and commentary ) :
BOB SCHIEFFER , HOST : Tom Friedman , is a military showdown inevitable in this ? I mean , I , just to be the devil 's advocate , let me just say , we 've coexisted with first the Soviet Union and now Russia for a long , long time , and they have nuclear weapons . What is the difference in Iran having a nuclear weapon and Russia having a nuclear weapon or China or Pakistan ?
I understand they qualified this question by saying they were playing devil 's advocate , but one quite believes many in the media maybe including Schieffer really do n't see a difference , even with what happened this week in Egypt and Libya .
Liberals just ca n't imagine what folks willing to storm our consulate and kill our ambassador might do if they possessed nukes .
For their part , New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman apparently does , but with a predictable qualifier :
TOM FRIEDMAN , NEW YORK TIMES : Well , I think the argument is that this is a much more unstable regime , and the Russians , even during the Cold War , did n't , were n't out there vowing to wipe the United States off the map . So , I certainly understand why the Israelis are concerned .
From there , Friedman predictably made the case that American support for an Israeli attack on Iran would have to involve a solution to the Palestinian issue .
Their point was that if the United States backed Israel in such an act of aggression without tossing a huge fig leaf to the Palestinians , we 'd see anti-American attacks throughout the Middle East that would dwarf what we saw last week .
Maybe so , but should the need to prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons involve the Palestinians in any way ?
After all , it 's Israel 's national security being threatened by Iran as well as the future of the entire region .
The Israeli-Palestinian issue has existed for decades with no solution in sight . Quite the contrary , when Yasser Arafat was presented with 97 percent of their demands by President Clinton and Prime Minister Ehud Barak in 2000 , they refused and instead began the Al-Aqsa Intifada .
With this in mind , neither America nor Israel should be tying its anti-nuclear Iran requirement to concurrently appeasing Palestinians , especially as so many of them side with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's desire to wipe the Jewish state off the face of the map .
It 's not surprising the pro-Palestinian Friedman does n't get this - most of their ilk do n't and never will .
This is an old drawing - I painted this portrait in 2010 ! Tutorial was made later , somehow I forgot do to it right after painting ( which is normally the case ) . Well , anyway , it 's just another portrait , maybe I 've put a bit more effort to painting skin this time - usually I have problems with color . I guess it came out all right in that aspect so I am happy with it : )
If you have any questions or comments - I 'm here to help : )
Let 's see how it happened - I started with empty sheet ( 200 dpi , 3000x3600 px ) and this time I 've really tried making a decent sketch . Without good sketch there shall be no good portrait , which is not exactly true , but good lines really tend to help . Especially here , where I drew very clean sketch and could use it later on ; ) On the separate layer I test out first colors . I try to use mostly warm tones , not too many browns in shadows , to avoid giving them mud-colored complexion . Lights are a bit dull and cold , just to make it a bit more interesting . I paint nose first , with soft brush I slowly add more colors and shadows . Low opacity helps me to blend it all nicely .
I add some shadow behind the nose to break symmetry in the picture . I do n't do it usually , mostly because I 'm lazy , but it adds some realism to the face and makes it look more natural . Play around a little bit and break the light symmetry ! : D After painting nose I add them lips . I tried to pick color in such a way , that it would be quite similar to their skin color , and their lips should be soft and not too shiny . I also add some shadows on the neck , I even let myself use a black a little ( usually you should n't do that ) .
I add softer and lighter color to the shadows ( it 's easy to do when you use a soft brush with low opacity , very low , and a big brush too ) and also some corrections to the shape of their face . In the meantime I try to remove all those little anatomical errors that started to appear ( I can still see some errors but oh well ... ) . Now the time comes for eyes . At first I add some shadows and draw an edge for lower eyelid . Then a main shape appears , just to see how big their eyes should be . Then I add more colors . Last picture from those three below shows more than I can say , really ; )
I try NOT to paint the other eye just like the first one . If I copied it - everyone would realize , it would look artificial and stiff . You can copy it before painting details , just as a help to achieve the same size and shape , nobody says you ca n't . Why should n't we use symmetry ? : D After eyes I draw eyebrows with small lines . You can see the details on the second picture . When every face feature is on it 's right place I look at the drawing from a distance to check if everything looks all right . I search for anatomical mistakes or some strange shadows , colors not blending well and so on . I also enhance shadows on their neck because it looked kind of fat .
Now I move to hair . At first I just search for the right shape , painting it with large brush and dark color . Such base will let me forget about the shadows , I will be able to use only light colors for painting individual strands . Before I paint detail on their hair I add the remaining part of the neck and body - hair will hide it later on but still - it 's better to see it whole , just to be able to check for errors in anatomy .
At last I move to their fringe and thick locks of hair turn into individual , thin strands . I paint them with a small brush with high opacity . Here I arrange every single hair . On the separate layer I add some light lines which work as an additional light . It 's good to use many colors , every hair looks better this way ; ) When their fringe is done I go back to my layer with dark hair and rearrange the hair a little bit . I also separate strands with light color and add some flying hair - just for a dynamic effect . It 's super boring to draw hair but if you are patient you can achieve great effect just by painting bright lines .
After many long minutes I start adding hair on the other side of their head . In the meantime I add some light to their face , just to make it look slimmer . I am not completely satisfied with their jaw but it 's an old drawing ; ) Colors on the other hand came out very well !
After some tiny corrections the image is ready ! : )
Beavis and Butt-head , in their AC/DC and Metallica t-shirts , might best sum up the stereotypical metalhead in the popular Western imagination : a young white dude who likes headbanging and hates authority , found mostly in American cities or in Nordic countries with long , dark winters and plenty of old churches to burn . But South African photographer Paul Shiakallis 's series Leather Skins , Unchained Hearts provides a visual alternative to this image . They document the leather-clad women of Botswana 's metal subculture , called “ Marok , ” which translates to “ rocker ” in Setswana .
Last year , Shiakallis met a couple of Queens , as female Marok fans like to call themselves , at a gig in Gaborone , Botswana 's capital . As their Queen alter-egos , these women go by names like Onalenna Angelovdarkness , Amokian Lordess , and Phoenix Tonahs Slaughter . “ They had this confidence and freedom about them — they could just let go without feeling they were going to be reprimanded , ” Shiakallis tells Hyperallergic .
This type of self-expression is rare for women in Botwana 's conservative patriarchal society . Since mainstream culture often perceives metal as “ satanic , ” many women of the Marok movement wear more traditional clothing by day and only reveal their brutal alter-egos in their Facebook photos , posing in full metal regalia , often in front of trees outside at night . “ I believe facebook allows u to be who you 're . only girls who believe in themselvs and aint afraid to express themselves can be rockers , [ sic ] ” one Queen , Phoenix Tonahs Slaughter , told Shiakallis . “ They do n't tend to pose aggressively like the men do , so I liked that they showed a softer side to the Marok movement , ” Shiakallis says .
Shiakallis began photographing these Queens in their homes , a project that proved more difficult than he 'd expected . “ Every portrait I took almost never happened , ” Shiakallis says . “ Sometimes , the Queens ' boyfriends or husbands would thwart the shoots , ” since they did n't want their partners to be photographed by , or even in the presence of , another male . “ Some Queens were reluctant to pose for photographs , wary about where the images would end up , as they 're still ‘ coming out ' as rockers . ”
In bullet belts , spiked cuffs , leather jackets , bandanas , and Iron Maiden t-shirts , the women in Shiakallis ' photographs resemble characters from post-apocalyptic cinema , like the road warriors from Mad Max . Marok fashion fuses the styles of 1970s and '80s heavy metal ( specifically , from the cover of Motorhead 's Ace of Spades ) ; the tasseled leather jackets and black boots of Botswana 's sizeable biker community ; and the cowboy hats , spurs , and vests worn by many of the country 's rural farmers . Posing against backdrops of rural villages , pastel-painted bedrooms , and cozy living rooms , these Queens highlight how the Marok subculture is a kind of fantasy world , an escape from the confines of tradition and domesticity .
Skinflint , Metal Orizon , Wrust , Crackdust , Overthrust , and Amok are some of Botswana 's biggest metal bands , but since the Marok scene is very small , they only play shows every few months . “ When they do have a show , rockers from all around Botswana make the effort to show up , even if they have to travel 700km from another town , ” Shiakallis says . At festivals or shows with big lineups , the Morok tend to unite beforehand to “ march for a cause. ” They first donate to an elected charity , then march together , led by Marok men dragging chains on the ground as the parade of metalheads mount each other 's shoulders and play fight in “ ritualistic dances. ” “ It 's a very surreal sight , ” Shiakallis says .
Arkansas Gov . Mike Beebe said their son has learned from their mistakes . Arkansas governor to pardon own son
Outgoing Democrat Arkansas Gov . Mike Beebe says they are planning to pardon their own son for a decade-old pot conviction .
“ I would have done it a long time ago if he 'd have asked , but they took their sweet time about asking . They were embarrassed . He 's still embarrassed , and frankly , I was embarrassed and their mother was embarrassed , ” Beebe told KATV , ABC 's affiliate in Little Rock on Wednesday .
Story Continued Below
Beebe 's son Kyle was charged in 2003 with possession of a controlled substance , marijuana , with intent to deliver and sentenced to three years probation and fined , the outlet said . Beebe was serving as the state 's attorney general at the time .
“ If they broke the law , they need to pay for it . They need to be treated like everybody else — no better , worse , ” Beebe said at the time .
However , Beebe said their son , now 34 , has learned from their mistakes .
“ Kids when they 're young do stupid stuff . They were no different , ” said Beebe , who noted that he 's issued more than 700 pardons during their tenure . “ Especially young people with drugs if they 've straightened up , to get their life back on track and have a second chance , so this is no different . It 's different because it 's my son . ”
A spokesperson for the state 's parole board told KATV that the fact Kyle Beebe is the governor 's son played no role in the decision to approve their application for a pardon .
“ I can tell you that [ Kyle ] Beebe did not receive any special treatment by the Board while their application was under consideration , ” the spokesperson said .
Kyle Beebe was recommended for pardoning in October . They wrote in a letter to their father asking for the pardon that , “ living in a fantasy world , not reality . I was young and dumb . ”
According to the governor 's website , someone who is granted a pardon may have all of their rights restored , including the right to bear arms .
This article tagged under : Arkansas
Mike Beebe
This is one of the oldest maps of what is now known as New York City . The town of Mannados , aka New Amsterdam , was a tiny community on the southern tip of Manhattan island in 1664 , and this map reflects that . The streets and buildings are n't listed in much detail , but there are some interesting bits on the map , such as `` Hudson 's River '' and `` Longe Isle Land '' .
The map is now in the possession of the British Library as part of the King 's Topographical Collection , where it has the following description :
This anonymous plan is . . . likely . . . an English copy of a map made for the Dutch authorities in 1661 by Jacques Cortelyou which may have been handed over to the English by the last Dutch governor , Pieter Stuyvesant following their surrender of the town in September 1664 . This map of New York may well have been created from the original Dutch map by one of several draughtsmen living in alleys in the docklands east of the Tower of London who specialised in decorative chart-making . English ships can be clearly seen in the harbour emphasisng their victory over the Dutch . The town wall , that was to give its name to Wall Street and the Battery ( or fortification ) , the site of which is now covered by Battery Park , can also be identified . The map 's name recalls its presentation to the Duke of York , the future James II , at the time when they were being asked for permission for the town to be renamed after him . The map formed part of the royal map collection from then on , eventually being incorporated into the geographical collections assembled by George III . These were presented to the British Museum , with George III 's library , in the course of the 1820s .
The Boston Public Library has an extremely high resolution digital scan you can download for free .
via Boston Public Library
Fifteen railcars , at least two of them containing a hazarous , flammable liquid , derailed on a Union Pacific train Sunday , prompting a partial evacuation and traffic detours in west Eugene well into the evening . No one was injured .
Eugene police and personnel from the Eugene-Springfield Fire Department were called about 5 p.m. to the Union Pacific tracks that ran behind the Zipo lumberyard on North Garfield Street , near its intersection with Roosevelt Boulevard .
Arriving hazmat crews found at least two black tankers on their side , with empty yellow centerbeam flatbed rail cars behind them , tilted at crazy angles along a curve in a spur line behind the lumber company .
Justin Jacobs , a spokesperson for Union Pacific , said Sunday evening , said the the main line was n't affected , and there was no release ( of any hazardous material .
But police had for at least two hours kept traffic out of the vicinity because of concern about “ flammable liquid ” in the tanker cars , diverting traffic at Highway 99 , Roosevelt and Park Avenue .
They said that Union Pacific police were at the scene , and that the drailment had been contained within the railyard . Crews were expected to remain on scene late into the night to secure the scene and remove the railcars .
A University of Edinburgh study finds birds are arriving at breeding grounds too soon , causing some to miss out on food
Migrating birds are responding to the effects of climate change by arriving at their breeding grounds earlier than global temperatures rise , research has found .
The University of Edinburgh study , which looked at hundreds of species across five continents , found that birds are reaching their summer breeding grounds on average about one day earlier per degree of increasing global temperature .
The main reason birds take flight is changing seasonal temperatures and food availability . The time they reach their summer breeding grounds is significant , because arriving at the wrong time , even by a few days , may cause them to miss out on vital resources such as food and nesting places . This in turn affects the timing of offspring hatching and their chances of survival .
The Guardian view on climate change : bad for the Arctic | Editorial Read more
The research included species that travel huge distances , such as the swallow and pied flycatcher , as well as those with shorter migrations , such as the lapwing and pied wagtail . British swallows fly through western France , across the Pyrenees , down eastern Spain into Morocco , and across the Sahara , to spend their winter in South Africa from around September or October .
Migrating swallows can cover 200 miles a day at speeds of 17-22 miles per hour , with a maximum flight speed of 35mph .
The pied flycatcher , a bird slightly smaller than a house sparrow , is a summer visitor to the UK and breeds mainly in western areas of the country , before spending the winter in west Africa .
The northern lapwing , which is about 30cm long from beak to tail , can be seen across the British Isles throughout the year , favouring farmland , wetland and meadows during the breeding season and pasture and ploughed fields during the winter months .
The University of Edinburgh researchers examined records of migrating bird species dating back almost 300 years . They drew upon records from amateur enthusiasts and scientists , including notes from 19th-century American naturalist Henry David Thoreau .
They hope their study , published in the Journal of Animal Ecology and supported by the Natural Environment Research Council , will help scientists better predict how different species will respond to environmental changes . Long-distance migrants , which are shown to be less responsive to rising temperatures , may suffer most as other birds gain advantage by arriving at breeding grounds ahead of them .
Takuji Usui , of the university 's school of biological sciences , said : “ Many plant and animal species are altering the timing of activities associated with the start of spring , such as flowering and breeding .
“ Now we have detailed insights into how the timing of migration is changing and how this change varies across species . These insights may help us predict how well migratory birds keep up with changing conditions on their breeding grounds . ”
Wow : Argentina just passed an unprecedented `` Gender Identity '' law that will allow adults seeking sex-change surgery or hormone therapy to get expenses covered under private or public health plans without a stamp of approval from a doctor or judge .
In other countries — such as , ahem , ours — people often have to jump through bureaucratic and medical hoops to actually change their physical bodies before legally changing their gender . Argentines , on the other hand , will be able to change their gender , image and birth name on the basis of their opinion , not anyone else 's .
That 's unheard of , '' Katrina Karkazis , a Stanford University medical anthropologist and author of `` Fixing Sex , '' told the AP . `` There 's a whole set of medical criteria that people have to meet to change their gender in the U.S. , and meanwhile this gives the individual an extraordinary amount of authority for how they want to live . It 's really incredible . ''
Children get the chance to change their genders , too , with approval of their legal guardians . There 's really no part of the law that does n't sound completely and utterly rational . President Cristina Fernandez , who became the first Latin American president to legalize gay marriage two years ago , supported the law and is expected to sign it .
`` Because the law says people can legally change their identities without having to undergo genital surgery or hormone therapy , these changes can be more benign and even reversible , if some day the person 's self-image changes , '' the AP reports . And why should n't they be all that ? Your gender identity is no one 's business but your own , and it 's awesome that Argentina agrees .
Advertisement
Argentina makes sex-change surgery a legal right [ AP ]
Battle lines are being drawn on Capitol Hill over the Federal Communication Commission 's ( FCC ) push to scale back net neutrality rules .
Republicans are applauding FCC Chairman Ajit Pai 's plan to reverse the Open Internet Order and are hoping it spurs Democrats to the negotiating table on a legislative fix that would codify the rules ' principles into law .
But Democrats seem unwilling to deal , believing that the FCC and its Republican allies are walking into a political minefield . They think the uproar over the changes to net neutrality may even exceed the grassroots fervor that preceded the enactment of the rules two years ago .
“ Democrats on the Energy and Commerce Committee are going to fight this every step of the way , ” Rep. Mike Doyle ( D-Pa. ) told reporters Wednesday . “ And if you think 4 million comments to the FCC were a lot when we tried to implement this rule , wait until you see the comments coming into the FCC when they try to undo this rule . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Pai announced in a speech to conservative groups on Wednesday that the FCC would begin proceedings in May to dismantle the rules , which require internet service providers to treat all web traffic equally .
Conservatives characterize the rules as a regulatory power grab that is stifling innovation in the broadband industry . The order reclassified broadband providers as `` common carriers , '' meaning that they were shifted to the FCC 's jurisdiction and subject to the kind of tough regulation already applied to public utilities .
The FCC will vote next month on whether to begin soliciting comments from the public on undoing the reclassification . That vote is expected to succeed , with Republican appointees now a majority on the commission .
It 's still unclear what , if anything , will replace the rules , but Pai is said to have told telecommunication industry lobbyists that they would like to see voluntary commitments from the major providers to respect net neutrality principles in exchange for the reclassification 's repeal .
On Capitol Hill , the announcement seemed to make the parties even more entrenched in their positions .
In a joint statement , the four Republican chairs of the relevant committees and subcommittees — Sen. John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls : Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth , income Will Trump sign the border deal ? Here 's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump : Funding deal a 'down payment ' on wall MORE ( S.D . ) , Sen. Roger Wicker Roger Frederick WickerHillicon Valley : Telecom industry to fundraise for Senate chair ahead of privacy hearing | Report finds apps sharing personal data with Facebook | DNC offers campaigns cybersecurity tips Telecom industry to throw fundraiser for Senate chair the night before data privacy hearing Trump signs executive order to boost AI technology MORE ( Miss . ) , Rep. Greg Walden ( Ore. ) and Rep. Marsha Blackburn Marsha BlackburnTrump 's new Syria timetable raises concern among key anti-ISIS allies Dem lawmaker invites Parkland survivor to attend State of the Union Bipartisan senators press Trump for strategy to protect Syrian Kurds MORE ( Tenn. ) — praised Pai for wanting to repeal the “ misguided regulations . ”
“ Consumers want an open internet that does n't discriminate on content and protects free speech and consumer privacy , ” the lawmakers said .
“ It 's now time for Republicans and Democrats , internet service providers , edge providers , and the internet community as a whole to come together and work toward a legislative solution that benefits consumers and the future of the internet . ”
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael ( Ted ) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE ( R-Texas ) hailed Pai 's action by dusting off the analogy they used three years ago to describe net neutrality as “ ObamaCare for the internet . ”
Democrats are now using the comparison as well , likening any effort to dismantle net neutrality to the GOP 's controversial effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act .
In a press conference outside the Capitol on Wednesday , top Democrats , including Rep. Frank Pallone Jr. ( N.J. ) and FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn , dismissed the Republican calls for legislation as disingenuous .
“ There 's absolutely no reason to believe after these 100 days that the Republicans are serious about addressing any of these things that they repeal , ” Pallone said .
Asked what Republicans would have to do to show that they were serious , Pallone responded , “ The well is already poisoned . ”
The process for repealing the rules is likely to drag on for months and even years .
Democrats seem content at this point to let Republicans forge ahead .
“ I do n't want it to be an election issue . I want to kill this effort to kill net neutrality — I want to put an end to this , ” Pallone said on Thursday . “ But , I mean , if the Republicans proceed with this and actually adopt a rule to kill net neutrality , of course it 's going to be an election issue . ”
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United 's £27.5million signing Marouane Fellaini has hinted that they could be the answer to the club 's defensive problems .
The former Everton player , United 's fourth most expensive signing of all time , played as a centre-back in their early career and would be keen to make a return to defensive duties .
In an interview with FourFourTwo magazine , Fellaini said :
`` As a young player I played up front , on the wing , in midfield and when I started in the reserves at Standard Liege I played centre-back .
`` It was a good position for me because I am tall and good in the air , but I can also pass the ball . Maybe it 's a position for me in the future ? ''
Fellaini has been playing a more defensive role for United than they did during David Moyes ' reign at Everton , marshaling the midfield and aiming to emulate Roy Keane 's role at the club .
And according to the Belgian , they feel most comfortable fulfilling that role :
`` My best position is defensive midfield . During the last few years with David Moyes I played further forward and I scored some important goals , which is why they kept me there and I liked it because I was young and learning . ''
This is a very famous child abduction case that has never been solved . Madeleine Beth McCann ( born 12 May 2003 ) disappeared on the evening of 3 May 2007 from their bed in a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz , a resort in the Algarve region of Portugal , sparking what one newspaper called `` the most heavily reported missing-person case in modern history '' . Them whereabouts remain unknown .
Madeleine was on holiday from the UK with their parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , their younger twin siblings , and a group of family friends and their children . They and the twins had been left asleep at 20:30 in the ground-floor apartment , while the McCanns and friends dined in a restaurant 50 metres ( 160 ft ) away . The parents checked on the children throughout the evening , until Madeleine 's mother discovered they were missing at 22:00 .
Scotland Yard released a police drawing of the suspects in 2013 : https : //i.imgur.com/jA6r2lG.jpg
Compare to this photo of John Podesta and their brother Tony : https : //i.imgur.com/ESTHFNW.jpg
Considering the investigation into Comet Ping Pong and John and Tony 's pedophile tendencies , and the resemblance to the Scotland Yard suspect drawings , did we just fucking solve this case ?
Edit :
Just some interesting emails that our autists turned up .
This one is from one day after the girl disappeared . It 's hard to tell who is communicating with whom , but it appears that they may have been on a trip somewhere around the time the girl disappeared .
“ Have a safe trip .
This one is from 2014 :
“ Hope food and sun are wonderful .
The point of highlighting this is that we now know they use food for code words , and Portugal could be a popular vacationing ground for pedos .
For this edition of This Week 's Preset , Zave Demonte of Kerbera has sent us four BigSky Reverb presets that they use in the band 's latest single “ Ghost Town. ” Zave makes extensive use of BigSky for their guitar tones on the band 's EP They Saw Bridges Burn , which features “ Ghost Town. ” Check out the video for “ Ghost Town ” below to hear the different BigSky reverb presets Zave uses on their guitar .
1 ) Ghost Town Swell
“ Ghost Town Swell ” ( using the Swell reverb machine ) starts off the song and is also used in the background during the entire intro theme , every chorus , and in the middle section after the first chorus . The effect blends the guitar smoothly into the mix during both the calm and the heavier parts of the song .
2 ) Ghost Town Intro
This preset is Zave 's favorite of the bunch . It is a Cloud reverb machine preset in which the notes drift away beautifully . Zave uses it on the melody guitar throughout the song , as well as for the single notes in the intro and the lead guitar 16th notes in the theme/chorus of the song .
3 ) Ghost Town Pre Chorus
The “ Ghost Town Pre Chorus ” preset is , as you might have guessed , used in the pre-choruses of the song ! It 's a sweet , spacey , modulated Plate reverb machine preset .
4 ) Rhythm
The last preset , named “ Rhythm , ” is used throughout the song . It 's a subtle Hall reverb machine preset that adds depth to the overdriven/distorted rhythm guitar parts . Perfect for riffs and rhythm parts , Zave uses it as their “ always on ” reverb ( when not using something wilder like the other reverb sounds in the song ) .
Download Zave Demonte 's “ Rhythm ” and load it into your BigSky .
Download Zave Demonte 's “ Ghost Town Intro ” and load it into your BigSky .
Download Zave Demonte 's “ Ghost Town Pre Chorus ” and load it into your BigSky .
Download Zave Demonte 's “ Ghost Town Swell ” and load it into your BigSky .
Made your own tweaks to this preset ? Post them below . Have ideas for a preset you 'd like to see next ? Please share your suggestions with us . Thanks to Zave Demonte of Kerbera for taking the time to submit their presets for the song “ Ghost Town. ” We hope you enjoyed This Week 's Preset ! Stay tuned for more .
Salvi said they asked Lerner if they would be willing to put the offer into writing .
But that was not Lerner 's reaction . Instead , that 's when they said to Salvi , `` Promise me you 'll never run for office again , and we 'll drop the case . ''
During that call , Salvi said , they explained to Lerner exactly what happened -- that while the loan to themselves was legal , there may be a difference of opinion on how the loan was reported to the FEC . Salvi explained it was a simple matter and said they thought Lerner would suggest an agreeable solution and dismiss the Democratic National Committee 's complaint .
`` Every time we talked , I refused the offer , and Colleen said she 'd have to check with someone , '' Salvi said . `` I finally told them I 'd like to talk to whomever they reported . That 's when I got a call from Lois Lerner . ''
Knowing their $ 1.1 million campaign loan to themselves was legal , Salvi rejected the initial settlement offer from FEC attorney Colleen Sealander . In later conversations , Sealander lowered the amount to $ 100,000 , then $ 40,000 , but always with the additional promise to never run for office again .
`` Before Lois Lerner ( photo right ) took us before the federal judge , their last offer was for me to promise to never run for office again . That was always part of their demands , '' Salvi said . `` Before that last offer , another FEC representative that reported to Lerner wanted $ 200,000 and a promise not to run . ''
Without a settlement , the Salvi case went to federal court . After months and years of briefings , delays and court appearances , federal judge George Lindbergh dismissed the case on its merits . Lindbergh said the FEC 's disagreement over filing , when two ways of reporting were acceptable , was groundless . The FEC appealed Lindbergh 's decision , but their appeal was thrown back to Lindbergh 's decision and the Salvi campaign won . Court documents show that Salvi was never fined or penalized .
Sealander and Lerner made similar offers to Salvi and their legal counsel in the process leading up to the court proceedings . Salvi 's brother Mike and their wife Kathy led Salvi 's defense against a team of D.C. attorneys , who were flown into Chicago to appear before the judge , Salvi said .
Negotiations with those facing FEC complaints are part of standard procedure , an FEC spokesperson told Illinois Review , but records of those negotiation conversations are not available in court documents .
Al Salvi with former law partner , Congressman Peter Roskam ( R-IL )
The FEC office in D.C. confirmed to Illinois Review that a person in the Litigation Department named Colleen Sealander did work there during the years the Salvi case was active , and very well could have negotiated with Salvi . Sealander is no longer employed at the FEC .
Public FEC records show Colleen Sealander was active in FEC litigation through 2007 , and resident records show Sealander continues to live in Washington DC .
Open Secrets.org also shows Sealander made seven campaign contributions to Barack Obama in 2012 .
Salvi said the FEC controversy filed in 1996 lingered through their 1998 challenge of Secretary of State Jesse White . The Democrats used the questions raised in campaign ads that implied they had been involved in criminal activity .
`` I remember getting a pizza with my kids , and looking up to see the TV showing the [ Democrat ] ad , and I did n't want to upset my kids , so I distracted them away , '' they said . `` I 'll never forget the concern that went on for months , affecting my law firm and my business . ''
And Salvi said when they think of that , they recall the shock on Lerner 's face when the judge dismissed their case . `` We never lose ! '' Lerner said , and then , they said they distinctly threatened , `` We 'll get you ! ''
Salvi said they told their wife right away to get ready for an IRS audit - that it would be coming . They instructed their firm 's accountants to err on the conservative side when filing tax returns , just in case .
But after the May 2000 dismissal , there was no contact from the FEC or from the IRS . However , there was from the FBI . In the fall of 2000 , FBI agents knocked on the door of the Salvis ' home and said they wanted to ask them about their mother 's $ 2000 donation to their 1996 U.S. Senate campaign .
`` That visit from the FBI was significant , '' Salvi said . `` That meant a criminal investigation , not a civil disagreement with the elections commission . And , if a person lies to the FBI , they can go to jail . ''
Salvi said they reviewed the situation with the agents , and told them they were being used for political purposes . The two agents visited with their elderly mother and soon after , notified Salvi they were terminating the investigation .
`` It was a nightmare , '' Salvi said . `` People ask me today why I 've never run for office again after being a state representative for two terms , winning a GOP primary against the sitting lieutenant governor to run for U.S. Senate , and then finally losing an intense campaign against Durbin . All the time this long FEC ordeal continued while I ran for Secretary of State in 1998 and beyond . Why would anyone run for office again after all that ? I 'm very happy now , representing clients and raising my family . Never been happier . ''
Some would say Lerner and those pushing them to use the FEC to stop Salvi from running for office again got exactly what they wanted after all .
Video : New research shows that magpies can recognise themselves – the first time this has been shown in non-mammals .
Self-recognition , once thought to be an ability enjoyed only by select primates , has now been demonstrated in a bird .
The finding has raised questions about part of the brain called the neocortex , something the self-aware magpie does not even possess .
In humans , the ability to recognise oneself in a mirror develops around the age of 18 months and coincides with the first signs of social behaviour . So-called “ mirror mark tests ” , where a mark is placed on the animal in such a way that it can only be observed when it looks at its reflection , have been used to sort the self-aware beasts from the rest .
Advertisement
Of hundreds tested , in addition to humans , only four apes , bottlenose dolphins and Asian elephants have passed muster .
Helmut Prior at Goethe University in Frankfurt and their colleagues applied a red , yellow or black spot to a place on the necks of five magpies . The stickers could only be seen using a mirror . Then they gave the birds mirrors .
Catch a glimpse
The feel of the mark on their necks did not seem to alarm them . But when the birds with coloured neck spots caught a glimpse of themselves , they scratched at their necks – a clear indication that they recognised the image in the mirror as their own . Those who received a black sticker , invisible against the black neck feathers , did not react .
Self-recognition was thought to reside in the neocortex , but birds do n't have one . Franz de Waal at Emory University in Atlanta points out that the magpie does nevertheless have a big brain . “ You need a large brain with a lot of connectivity , ” they say . “ If it had been a sparrow , it would have been a problem . ”
The authors suggest that self-recognition in birds and mammals may be a case of convergent evolution , where similar evolutionary pressures result in similar behaviours or traits , although they arrive at them via different routes .
De Waal agrees : “ Magpies are known for their ability to steal shiny objects and to hide away their loot . It 's not too far-fetched that a master thief like a magpie has that perspective-taking ability , ” they say , referring to the idea that the birds have a “ theory of mind “ .
Journal reference : PLoS Biology ( DOI:10.1371/journal.pbio.0060202 )
- An Adelphi man fatally shot their estranged wife and wounded another man in a domestic-related shooting outside a Beltsville , Maryland high school Thursday afternoon , police said . The shooting happened at around 4:40 p.m. in the parking lot of High Point High School .
Prince George 's County police are searching for 62-year-old Eulalio Tordil , an employee of the Federal Protective Service . Police said they left the area in a vehicle after the shooting .
Police said 44-year-old Gladys Tordil had come to the school to pick up their children . According to investigators , their estranged husband followed them in a car to the school 's parking lot . They then got out of their vehicle and went to confront the mother as they sat in their SUV .
Prince George 's County Police Chief Hank Stawinski said an adult male bystander saw the altercation and attempted to intervene . As they approached , the suspect pulled out a handgun and fired several times at the bystander , hitting them in the shoulder . The suspect then turned the weapon on the woman , shooting multiple times and killing them
The male shooting victim was taken to hospital and is in stable condition . They are expected to survive .
According to FOX 5 's Marina Marraco , witnesses said the female victim was the mother of two High Point High School students . A witness said one of the victim 's daughters was just feet away from the shooting as it all happened .
“ She saw the shooting happen , ” said the witness . “ She came out of the building on the side where the band room is and we had to just pull them right back in ... They just are very shocked , out of breath . The guy that specifically held on to them to pull them inside the building , they walked into the auditorium and had their head up traumatized from the situation . ”
The shooting was captured on surveillance cameras at the school and detectives were reviewing them , police said .
Stawinski said the shooting was contained to the parking lot and no students were harmed or involved during the incident . School officials said students participating in after-school activities were secured after the shooting happened and they were later released to their parents in the evening . The school will open on time Friday and a crisis team will be available to students .
FOX 5 's Marina Marraco was outside the school where there was a heavy presence of both Prince George 's County police and fire crews in the back parking lot near the school 's auditorium . The parking lot remained crowded with a number of cars .
One witness told FOX 5 they heard four gunshots come from the back parking lot of the school . A softball game was taking place on campus after school , and witnesses said they were rushed to an equipment room for safety until police arrived .
Concerned parents who showed up at the school after getting word of the incident were escorted inside by authorities .
Powder Mill Road , which runs in front of the high school , was shut down between Evans Trial and Cherry Hill Road as a result of the investigation .
Stay with FOX 5 News and FOX5DC.COM for the latest on this story .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Take a peek at the ongoing construction at Disney Springs at Walt Disney World . This coming summer , starting in May , tons of new shops and restaurants will be opening up in the brand-new area “ Town Center ” . We are also checking in on the construction of the new Coca-Cola store and the relocation of the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique to Once Upon a Toy .
WATCH :
The upcoming Disney resorts bus stop .
The Coca-Cola store rooftop bar is coming together nicely .
New The Jungle Book photo backdrop next to AMC theaters .
Planet Hollywood continues to transform into the observatory .
STK Steakhouse will most likely open in May .
The Edison opposite STK still has some work to do .
Town Centers crystal clear blue water is looking amazing .
A new fountain and kiosk is coming to the area next to the T. rex restaurant .
Fulton 's is now closed for refurbishment .
Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique is moving from World of Disney to a new location at Once Upon a Toy .
Are you excited about the new Disney Springs ?
The recent APEC summit in Honolulu brought an unprecedented level of security which locked down entire parts of the city . For the first time since the martial law years of World War II , we saw military patrolling and securing areas of Waikiki .
The police also loaded up on military style weapons , which raised concerns about the militarization of the police .
Although the police did not use any of their new toys against the peaceful protests that occurred , they are now armed to the teeth for future contingencies , such as…it 's not clear . The recent police attacks on the Occupy movement across the U.S. has raised concerns about the militarization of police in the U.S .
Marine Corps veteran Scott Olsen was seriously injured when a tear gas canister struck them in the head .
In the New York Times , Al Baker asks what it means When the Police Go Military :
RIOT police officers tear-gassing protesters at the Occupy movement in Oakland . The surprising nighttime invasion of Zuccotti Park in Lower Manhattan , carried out with D-Day-like secrecy by officers deploying klieg lights and a military-style sound machine . And campus police officers in helmets and face shields dousing demonstrators at the University of California , Davis with pepper spray . Is this the militarization of the American police ? [ … ] The more the police fail to defuse confrontations but instead help create them — be it with their equipment , tactics or demeanor — the more ties with community members are burned , they said . The effect is a loss of civility , and an erosion of constitutional rights , rather than a building of good will . “ What is most worrisome to us is that the line that has traditionally separated the military from civilian policing is fading away , ” Mr. Lynch said . “ We see it as one of the most disturbing trends in the criminal justice area — the militarization of police tactics . ”
Of course for many poor communities and communities of color , this kind of violent , oppressive militarized police presence is nothing new . Former Los Angeles police chief Daryl Gates was infamous for their extreme brutality in their war against the poor communities of Los Angeles . At one point they even offered President Carter a LAPD SWAT unit to liberate hostages in Tehran .
But another disturbing bit of news is a little known program called the “ 1033 Program ” under which the military gives surplus weapons to local law enforcement . In Battlefield Main Street , Benjamin Carlson reports in The Daily , this program is turning Main Street into a battlefield :
This is a photo of Carrie DeKlyen and their husband , Nick . DeKlyen , a woman from Wyoming , Michigan , opted not to have cancer treatment to save their unborn child . The baby was delivered by C-section yesterday . ( Photo : Family Photo )
Carrie DeKlyen sacrificed their lives to save their daughter .
It was a decision the 37-year-old mother from Wyoming , Mich. , made in May , when they were still conscious but very sick with terminal brain cancer .
Chemotherapy or a clinical trial would almost certainly prolong their life . But both options would mean terminating them pregnancy .
On Wednesday evening , DeKlyen delivered a baby girl named Life . On Thursday morning , doctors removed DeKlyen 's feeding and breathing tubes . Family members gathered at the University of Michigan Hospitals to welcome a new life and say painful good-byes .
As DeKlyen slipped away , their husband , Nick , said they know they made the right choice .
`` She chose to have the baby . That 's what they wanted , and I supported her , '' they said . `` She had the baby , and now it 's time to go home . She 's going to heaven . She 's going to be healed . ''
This is a photo of Life Lynn DeKlyen , who was born yesterday . ( Photo : Family Photo )
More coverage :
First gene therapy to treat cancer gets FDA approval ; U-M only Michigan hospital to use it
Carrie and Nick picked out the name Life after the birth of their 2-year-old son . They were talking casually one day about what they might name their next child — their sixth — if they decided to expand their family .
That was before Carrie DeKlyen knew they were sick . And before they knew they were pregnant .
The headaches started in March .
`` You think you are going in ( to the doctor ) for migraine headaches , '' Nick DeKlyen said . `` The doctors came back and said , 'You have a mass on your brain , but it does n't look like cancer . ' ''
Things turned grim in the operating room at the local hospital . It turned out the mass was cancer , doctors said , though they thought it was lymphoma . They removed what they could .
Pathology tests revealed later that it was actually a glioblastoma , a malignant tumor that 's notoriously tough to treat .
DeKlyen was referred to U-M . They qualified for a promising clinical trial that doctors said could prolong their life 10 or 15 years , or even longer .
On May 9 , doctors drew blood and performed an MRI . Two days later , the hospital called — the tumor was growing , and DeKlyen was pregnant .
DeKlyen 's physician told them they could not join the clinical trial if they were pregnant . Chemotherapy would be risky to the fetus .
`` Me and my wife , we are people of faith , '' Nick DeKlyen said . `` We love the Lord with everything in us . We talked about it , prayed about it .
`` I asked her , 'What are you thinking ? ' They said , 'All the treatments , I 'm not doing any of them . ' We went back to the surgeon . They said 'If you choose to do this , you will not live another 10 months . I promise , you will die . '
`` Even with everything on the table , my wife chose the baby . ''
The couple felt at peace .
`` We 're pro-life , '' Nick DeKlyen said . `` Under no circumstance do we believe you should take a child 's life . They sacrificed their lives for the child . ''
After a second surgery to remove more of the tumor , they went back home to their five children , ranging in age from 2 to 18 . Nick sold their share of a vending business to care for their wife . With no income , the family has gotten by through money raised from the `` Cure 4 Carrie '' GoFundMe page .
In the middle of June , DeKlyen started feeling sick again with headaches so terrible they made them throw up . Doctors inserted a catheter to relieve fluid on their brain .
A week later they were back in the hospital at 19 weeks pregnant . They lost consciousness while in the emergency room .
Doctors said there was no hope for them — but that they may be able to save them baby .
DeKlyen was put on devices to feed them and help them breathe until the baby grew to a weight where they could be safely delivered .
Ultrasounds showed the fetus growing slowly . During an ultrasound this week , they had a heartbeat but was n't moving . The good news was they weighed 625 grams , above a 500-gram minimum doctors had been waiting for .
Nick told the doctors to go ahead with a C-section .
This is a photo of Life Lynn DeKlyen , who was born yesterday . ( Photo : Family Photo )
Baby Life Lynn was born late Wednesday afternoon at C.S . Mott Children 's Hospital , at 24 weeks and five days . They weighed 1 pound , 4 ounces . They have their mother 's middle name .
`` The baby is doing better than anyone expected , '' Nick DeKlyen said Thursday afternoon . `` She is healthy , and she 's almost breathing on their own . ''
After Life 's birth , Nick OK 'd the doctors removing Carrie 's life-support devices . The couple 's three oldest children — Elijah , 18 , Isaiah , 16 , and Nevaeh , 11 — spent Thursday sitting with their mom in what was expected to be their final moments .
`` The last few days have been super hard . There 's a lot of pain , '' Nick DeKlyen said .
Nick and Carrie have been married for 17 years . They met at church , when they were 10 and they were 12 .
DeKlyen had an overwhelmingly loving and generous spirit , their husband said . The stay-at-home mom cooked dinner for neighbors and went out of their way to help those in need .
Most of the couple 's extended family supported the decision to not treat the cancer .
`` I want people to know they gave of themselves for everybody . In their last days , they gave of themselves for their own child , '' said Nick 's sister , Sonya Nelson of Wyoming . `` We are proud of her . ''
Nick said because of how Carrie lived their life , and the sacrifice they made in death , they know they will be reunited .
`` This life is so quick , '' they said . `` I 'm 39 . It feels like I 've blinked ; I do n't even know where my life went . Before I know it , I 'm going to be an old man . I 'm going to pass away , and I 'm going to see them again . I understand that . That gives me peace . ''
Follow Ann Zaniewski on Twitter : @ AnnZaniewski
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2xTUEMX
Sony CEO Kaz Hirai has been speaking to the press over in Japan today , where he 's outlined their company 's priorities for the near term . Pivotal to Sony 's improving fortunes is the company 's mobile division , whose success in the last quarter helped offset other losses in driving Sony to a moderate profit . Kaz underlines that importance , but argues that Sony must build on its current strengths first before looking to expand elsewhere .
`` Our biggest priority is maintaining our share in Japan or increasing it ... But getting into the U.S. market requires a lot of resources and marketing , so we have to go one step at a time . ''
Japan and Europe , according to Reuters , account for 60 percent of Sony 's smartphone sales , and Kaz is intent on maintaining that advantage . To the regret of many , that means we 're unlikely to soon see a change in approach in the critical US market — the Xperia Z took months to reach its sole US carrier , T-Mobile , while its successor Xperia Z1 is showing little sign of making it with any of the big networks .
It 's a peculiar situation , wherein Sony competes with LG and Samsung 's latest phones , it matches them spec for spec and even outsells them in some particular regions , yet in the United States the company is almost a non-player . On the other hand , HTC is a good example of a competing Android phone maker that is actively engaged in the American market yet making losses from its efforts . Perhaps Sony 's narrower regional focus is a help rather than a hindrance .
Earlier , the President received a rousing welcome from autoworkers at a Ford plant here as they vowed to make Japan open its markets to American automobiles and car parts , and stumped for their own budget plan and economic program .
`` Every time you wonder what we 're doing up there or you see a fight going on in Washington , '' Mr. Clinton said in an early preview of next year 's campaign themes , `` you just remember , my test is : 'Will it create jobs ? Will it raise incomes ? Will it make working people more secure if they 're doing their part ? ' ``
The fund-raising dinner was the first of three political appearances by the President that are expected to raise about $ 1 million each for the Clinton-Gore re-election treasury by next Thursday night . For the first time , White House officials said , Mr. Clinton 's travel was being partly financed by their re-election committee .
In addition , the campaign finance operation , which opened its doors in mid-April , has been running a direct mail campaign that Mr. Clinton 's national finance chairperson , Terence McAuliffe , said had already been more successful than expected . The campaign will end its first quarter on June 30 with more than $ 8.5 million in contributions , they said , and with another $ 5 million in Federal matching funds .
The President will speak at another $ 1,000-a-plate homecoming fund-raising luncheon in Arkansas on Friday . And later next week , they are scheduled to travel to Illinois , another Presidential bellwether state , to raise $ 1 million in Chicago .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Clinton has repeatedly expressed a reluctance to be drawn into overt Presidential politicking so soon before 1996 -- although their appearance at Ford 's Edison Assembly Plant , with their wife , Hillary , at their side , had all the trappings of a campaign event . The President and Mrs. Clinton donned black U.A.W . jackets in front of cheering autoworkers , and then left as a sound system blared Bruce Springstein 's `` Born in the U.S.A . ''
It was a sympathetic audience for Mr. Clinton 's stance against Japan 's trade policies , with Earl Nail , an official of the United Automobile Workers union , telling the President to `` get us more jobs . ''
Mr. Clinton 's aides have not been coy about the fund-raising campaign , saying they learned a critical lesson about the importance of early money-raising from President George Bush , who did not start their 1991 push for campaign funds until months later in the year .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Clinton is only the latest entry in the race for campaign dollars . Among Republicans , Senator Phil Gramm of Texas has raised more than $ 13 million as of April , according to the Federal Election Commission , and had $ 8.4 million in cash on hand after expenses .
The Presidential campaign committee of Senator Bob Dole of Kansas had raised $ 4.4 million as of April and had about $ 2.5 million in cash on hand . And former Gov . Lamar Alexander of Tennessee had raised more than $ 5 million and had more than $ 3 million available to spend .
Although Mr. Clinton has not selected a campaign chairperson and manager , a 20-member finance operation opened in mid-April . Mr. McAuliffe said the President 's fund-raising strategy would proceed along two tracks , through large , $ 1 million fund-raising events and through direct-mail solicitations .
Mr. McAuliffe said Mr. Clinton was scheduled to appear at 10 major fund-raising events across the country , fewer than modern Presidents have done in the recent past , and would raise half of their campaign funds through direct-mail solicitations . `` This President put the word down to me that they wanted this campaign funded by hundreds of thousands of small donors , '' they said .
With an eye toward the general election , when Presidential candidates benefit from efforts by the national and state parties , Mr. Clinton will also speak next Wednesday at a `` Presidential Gala '' sponsored by the Democratic National Committee . The party , which is charging $ 1,500 per person , is expecting to raise up to $ 2.7 million at the dinner .
Perhaps the worst kept secret in the Charleston metro area these days is that it already seems overcrowded , yet all indications point to an influx of people that will put the metro area at the top of the population count for the state of South Carolina in the next decade . While Mt . Pleasant passed a moratorium on new apartment approvals a few months back , the City of Charleston is moving ahead on an unfathomable 11 developments with the potential to house 200,000 people . The news is full of celebratory cheer about many of these developments , but a single question lingers for many people : Are we ready for this ?
It 's hard to believe , but I 've been writing for the City Paper now for about four years . In some cities , four years is 80 percent of the last `` five-year plan '' that might address growth , job creation , housing , infrastructure , and all the assorted odds and ends facing a small- to medium- sized city . Despite the fact that we have n't had an official census in that time , everyone knows that Charleston is growing — if that 's even the right word for it . Growth is natural , after all , and is likely far preferable to the alternatives of stagnation and decay .
Yet , it 's hard to escape the weird feeling that the growth in Charleston and the surrounding areas is n't quite natural . It 's driven almost as much by developers looking to make a buck as it is by people fleeing whatever circumstances they face at home for the better times on down the road , as songwriter James McMurtry once sang .
But it was almost 30 years ago that McMurtry 's `` I 'm Not From Here '' was recorded and released on their debut album Too Long in the Wasteland , and even that was over a decade removed from a quote I found while writing one of my first columns for the City Paper back in 2012 . The quote was from the transportation director for the Berkeley-Dorcester-Charleston Council of Governments in 1977 . Back then , traffic woes were big news .
Flash forward now almost 40 years , and we 're still experiencing those woes . Last Friday , my usual six-hour trip to my mountain homelands in Virginia stretched out to just over seven , due largely in part to the extra hour it took to travel the 14 or so miles from just inside 526 to Summerville . This is n't a new phenomenon , no matter how much our leaders want to pretend that it all just started yesterday or last month or last year . As evidenced by the report from 1977 , traffic problems have plagued Charleston longer than probably half of your neighbors have lived here .
And there 's simply no sign it 's going to get better . The idea of completing 526 is merely waiting for someone to come kick some loose dirt over it and say a few heartfelt words . Public transit improvements are a long-running joke ( unless , of course , you consider free wi-fi in lieu of a properly funded , wide-scale transit system something not worth snickering over ) . Light rail is an even crueler joke ; it was mentioned back in 1977 , but it looks unlikely to happen before the flood waters claim downtown Charleston .
In what might be a victory , we could see a bike lane appear on a bridge that should have been replaced years ago , which will serve some smallish number of commuters that may or may not either reduce traffic or impede it . It all depends on who you wish to believe , really . Still , depending on whether or not the seas do rise or if it really was all some communist plot to wreck America 's energy industry ( for reasons that are as obtuse as they are insane ) , the cyclists can at least wade to whatever 's left of downtown and carry their bikes with them .
And this is just the problem with the main roads in the area . There is n't really time to discuss the 18th century roads downtown , roads which are n't capable of handling 21st century American traffic . There 's still the issue of our area 's aging gas , power , and water lines . If I believed in miracles , I might say that they 're the only reason a block of downtown has n't been vaporized over the last decade due to a massive gas explosion .
Moreover , the Charleston metro area is a bizarre patchwork of overlapping public service jurisdictions and boundaries . The desire of many communities not to get sucked into larger ones has created a bizarre situation in which , again , perhaps it is a miracle that no one 's house has burned to the ground — because none of these individual jurisdictions could figure out whose area the property was in .
One thing is clear in all this mess , though : the Charleston area has less than a decade to figure this out . If there 's one thing for certain , it 's that if people move here to find a better life only to realize there is n't one , they are just as likely to move back to where they came from . And down that path , friends , is stagnation and decay .
Post December 2012 `` Nirbhaya '' gang rape incident , India has been witness to `` Lynching '' of men accused of rape . `` Lynching 's '' reflects public has lack of faith in `` Indian Justice Dispensation System '' . Regrettably , western media has tried to paint India as a land of rapists , although statistically speaking India has very low per capita rape as compared to western world .
As a result , India was forced to ban `` India 's Daughter '' , a documentary by BBC . Even Germany 's Ambassador to India had chastised comment by a German Professor in declining to take an Internship to an Indian Male Student . To Assuage Indians ' hurt feelings , German Ambassador has gone a step further and made a Video Song Short Movie based on `` Kal Ho Na Ho '' together with their wife and Congress politician Salman Khurshid .
On March 52015 , India witnessed , broad daylight murder of a 'jailed rape accused ' by 7000 strong mob , which included women photographing the event . The mob had earlier broken open the Dinapur jail in Nagaland and took out the accused 'Syed Sharif Khan ' under their control and dragged Mr Khan `` naked '' through the streets before beating them to death . They were accused of alleged raping of a 19-year-old female student multiple times , but they were not convicted of the purported crime .
The Nagaland Government said , `` The Man was innocent '' . It submitted a report stating that video footage of hotel revealed that the women in reality had 'consensual sex ' . The women wanted to illegally extort money from them by falsely alleging the act of 'Rape '' . It remains to be seen what will be the final outcome of the investigation , which is still ongoing following the arrest of 42 locals involved in the lynching .
It is understood that the mob was infuriated , `` How could illegal immigrants from neighbouring states molest one of their own ? '' There were various kinds of comments being made on the social media , such as , `` all the immigrants from neighbouring States are Criminals '' . Nagaland 's chief minister , Zeliang said the administration and police were now facing new types of challenges in dealing with situations , `` specially pertaining to the social media '' . They also said that the rumours swarming in the social networking sites , had caused serious side-effects and there was a need to deal with such situations effectively .
Some quarters had also raised communal concerns . It is known that Nagaland is pre-dominantly Christian Community . They forgot to follow the teachings of Lord Christ , who had come to rescue of a woman by admonishing their followers , `` Let him , who is without sin , cast the first stone '' .
This barbaric incidence was not a case of `` Justice by Public '' but annihilation of virtues of sanity , humanity and cultural values , which Indian heritage had always been proud of and boasted about .
It was also not an isolated case of lynching of `` Rape Accused '' in India .
A video had emerged showing lynching of '18 ' year old Ibo Cha from the same state of Nagaland , who allegedly murdered and raped an 11-year-old girl . Inspector General of Nagaland , Wabang Jamir had said Cha had not been arrested and the villagers took the law in their own hands before the police involved itself into it .
A week after Dinapur 's lynching , Jeetu , a '22 ' year drunken youth from Agra , was reported to have `` exposed themselves indecently '' when a girl from their neighbourhood was passing by . Jeetu , was a shoe factory worker . They were subsequently beaten to death by an irate mob , which was collected at the behest of girls 'two brothers ' , who own another 'Shoe factory ' in the vicinity .
The brothers took the law in their own hands that too against a person , who might not have even known what they were doing being intoxicated . It is rather a sad commentary on the degradation in the state of affairs of `` Law & Justice '' and new dimension of `` Justice by Public '' emerging in the society .
The `` Murder by Mob '' , had taken place without even referring the crime to police . `` Is it a case of peoples ' loss of faith in police or judiciary and is the Constitution of India becoming defunct ? '' Time only will tell .
Earlier in March 2015 , police in India were also investigating another attack in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh . A man was killed in a mob attack in Varanasi after a group of girls alleged they were molested while celebrating festival of Holi . Regrettably , some feminists tried to declare the festival of 'Holi ' as `` Unholy ' . They did not thus shy away from striking at the cultural values of the nation .
'Good Bad and Ugly ' had always been sprinkled in all the societies/religions of the world . Their percentage varies depending upon the Yuga of evolutionary cycle . Berating a whole society and their culture for insane act of some psychopath is highly inflammatory and needs to be strongly condemned by the intelligencia and thinkers .
These are not isolated incidence of backlash by Indian society . In the past , besides some cases , which might have gone unreported , nation had also witnessed following incidents : -
a ) In April 2013 , in Bhavnagar , Gujrat a bizarre incident had come to light when two youths complained of forced castration by a eunuch . It was reported that castration operation was performed on two youths in Bhuj . Laljibhai and Mukesh came in contact with a eunuch named Firoz . Both youth were taken to Bhuj , where a doctor forcefully castrated them . Such incidents had been surfacing repeatedly and government has failed to stop their re-occurrence . Not only castration at behest of 'Eunuchs '' , other criminals too had been stealing young children , maiming them so as to make them join gangs of Beggars , which they raise , for their own benefit .
b ) In October 2014 , one 40 year old Suresh Kumar was set upon in Ganganagar , Rajasthan , after locals heard the girl 's screams for help . Finding the 40-year-old pinning the girl against a wall , the lynch mob stripped and dragged them to a butchers shop where they beat them with sticks for an hour before castrating him . Here also , public had not involved the police and had taken dispensation of justice directly in their own hands . Such events ought to send warning signals to powers , that the `` Law & Order & Justice System '' , are on the verge of collapse or it may have already collapsed .
c ) On evening of 28 Oct 2014 , ' 3 ' African nationals were beaten up badly by a mob at New Delhi 's Rajiv Chowk metro station . The claim was that this attack was to punish them for having molested a woman on the metro . Some feminists/ feminize had bizarrely commented , that they see in this racism , because they have not noticed such beating being given in case the offenders were Indians . It is an extremely outrageous comment by Feminizes .
d ) On 09 Dec 2014 , a business person was thrashed by miscreants after they mistook them for an eve-teaser in the city . No feminist raised their voice against this episode .
e ) On 12 Dec 2015 , in Mysore , a business person was chased in broad daylight , and beaten up by mob alleging that they had sexually exploited their women employees .
f ) On 07 Jan 2015 , a school was ransacked and Physical Education teacher thrashed by mob for alleged molestation of minor .
g ) On 13 January 2015 , a mob barged into the office of a leading electronics firm in Bengaluru , and beat up one Nitin Sharma and their boss over claims they had sexually harassed women staff . The protesters were reportedly enraged by the fact that both Sharma and their manager did not speak the local language . The police arrived on the spot and managed to whisk away the two men before further trouble .
Vice-President Latha of company 'iBall ' said from Mumbai , `` All that we can say now is that Sharma is being framed in this case . What has been portrayed is not true . ''
The police was reported to be seeking details from the company about the allegations made by the sacked women employees . The women were asked to approach the police and file a complaint . However , so far none of the alleged victims had lodged any complaint .
The conflict of 'son of soil ' versus 'outsiders ' is seen here to be rising its ugly head in the disguise of falsely implicating bosses who had taken against mediocrity at work of the women employees under them .
h ) On 14 January 2015 , an auto driver was stripped and beaten up for molesting a passenger in Mysore .
`` India '' had never known the culture of Lynching . The Land of Budha , Kabir , Nanak and Gandhi , had always preached of `` oneness of all that is '' . Over aeons , `` Universal Brotherhood '' and `` Unity in diversity '' had been practised . It is the only land , which is home to all religious denominations . It is a 'Mini World ' in itself , which is much more diverse than Europe or any other country on earth .
Where the minuscule population of 'Parsis ' has thrived for centuries and they control a very vast landscape of `` Industrialised India '' . With a sense of pride , they have also given to India its `` one and only one ' 5 ' star General '' , lovingly referred to as General Sam . Study of history of India , reveals that it had a very efficient mechanism of dispensation of justice , vested in the kings , who invariably had a `` Gong for Justice '' hung at the entrance to their palaces .
`` King Vikramaditya and Baital 's '' stories are replete with beautiful narration of `` Crime and Justice '' . There were other kings too who had given beautiful justice to its people . It is out of that love of history , that inhabitants of this landscape now called 'India ' imagine and crave for re-instituting of `` Ram Rajya '' in India .
The Lynch Mob Mentality is embedded in all human beings , which is beastly behavior at sub-conscious level coming from the era of stone ages . Individuals who involve themselves in Lynch Mobs , find it convenient to vent their own personal frustrations on a person , who has no power to retaliate/protect the self .
Over centuries , the context of Lynch Mentality might have only changed . But it is certainly manifested in the societies across the Globe , in different 'Content ' .
In India , the current anti rape hysteria is fuelled by post 16/12 `` Nirbhya '' incidence . Anti-rape hysteria is also prevalent on U.S. campuses , and , how that rape hysteria has created a hostile environment for men . The number of male graduates from U.S. colleges and universities is plummeting , very fast .
The pollination of new seeds was earlier dependent on winds and birds . In the Internet Era of Virtual Global World , boundaries of nations and cultures , have become blurred . Individuals are able to get into bedroom of other persons separated across the globe . Their interaction on the `` Social Media '' is resulting in pollination of new seeds of thoughts and way of life , which is spreading faster than any other known virus in the evolution of humankind .
What India is witnessing , is the same western spirit migrating into the mind of youth . Indian Government of the day must get agitated by this new wave of `` Lynching '' which is gradually taking roots in India and the role `` Social Media is plays in agitating the minds of youth '' .
Thus there is an urgent need to have checks and balances in utterances on the media . The freedom of speech can not be allowed to subvert the democracy and take the nation towards anarchy . The Main and Social Media , must be held accountable for subverting the roots of society . Biased anchors must not be allowed to host debate on the Media .
An experiment was conducted in America to ascertain the `` Reaction of Society '' to acts of violence 'against women by a man ' and same kind of violence by 'women against a man ' . Repeated trials , revealed that , in all cases when society saw , a 'Violence against a woman by a man ' , it jumped to intervene and without asking questions , started trashing the man , whereas in other case , not a single soul stirred to protect the man from vicious physical act of violence perpetuated by a woman . The experiment established the deep rooted `` Misandary '' in the mindset of society .
One must accept harsh reality that we are living in an `` Age of Aquarius '' , wherein world will be witness to rise to power of `` Women '' for next '1000 ' years . However , empowering women at the cost of basic fundamental right of Men by denying them equality and dignity will only vitiate the societies across the globe on new divide `` Man versus Women '' . And feminize will brazenly go about baring their wares and smashing even public utilities of toilets for men , just to win control of power .
One of the possible solutions lies with men only . They must stop attending schools , colleges . Men must prepare themselves to accept `` Matriarchy '' and the role reversal from 'Bread Earner ' to that of 'homemaker ' and allow themselves to be carried on the arms of their educated , earning empowered wives as a 'Prized Catch ' . They must only look after their physical body , as did the women of yore during the period of `` Patriarchy '' .
Possibly then and then only , the widely manifested 'Misandary ' in the society , which had inherently denied a `` man to cry '' , by indoctrinating them during their upbringing `` Mard Rotey Nahin Hain ( men do n't cry ) '' ; can be tackled and they wo n't be subjected to `` Lynching '' by Mob at the drop of hat - a cry wolf women alleging `` I have been molested '' .
Charles Koch , the billionaire co-owner of Koch Industries and libertarian financier , thinks poor people would be better off if companies could pay them less than $ 7.25 per hour .
In an interview with the Wichita Eagle , Koch said economic freedom was key to helping those in need . That meant getting rid of regulations , including the minimum wage .
“ We want to do a better job of raising up the disadvantaged and the poorest in this country , rather than saying ‘ Oh , we 're just fine now . ' … Anything that people with limited capital can do to raise themselves up , they keep throwing obstacles in their way . And so we 've got to clear those out . Or the minimum wage . Or anything that reduces the mobility of labor , ” they explained to the Eagle .
Koch also cited government subsidies and “ cronyism , ” along with certain permits and licenses , as causes of “ a culture of dependency . ”
The Charles Koch Foundation launched a 60-second television spot on Wednesday in Kansas that claims economic freedom is the key to financial prosperity and social progress . The ad warns the United States ' economic freedom ranking has fallen and could continue to decline .
“ The spot was developed as part of our ongoing work to support the kind of scholarship and analysis that examines how to ensure opportunities for earned success while sharing compassion for the vulnerable , ” Koch explained in a statement .
The foundation provides grants to think tanks and higher education programs dedicated to free market economic theory .
[ Photo uploaded to Flickr by Gary Dee , Creative Commons licensed ]
Starting today , artists can submit their custom sticker sets via the Telegram @ stickers bot . Each sticker set gets a permanent link , so that users can easily add new stickers and share them with friends .
This enables artists of the world to unleash their creativity and help Telegram users customize their experience . Our in-house artist ( responsible for the graphic art in this blog ) created the Animals set as an example . If you have Telegram installed and updated , this link will open the set : https : //telegram.me/addstickers/Animals .
Independent designers already began submitting their sticker sets , and we notice stickers like Flags of the World or Vicky uploaded to the @ stickers bot .
Sharing Stickers
Sending a link isn ‘ t the only way to share a sticker set . When you receive a sticker from a set you do not currently have installed , simply tap on it and choose 'Add to Stickers ‘ ( 'Info ' on iOS ) to preview and add the whole set .
Once you 've added a set , its stickers become available via emoji tooltips or the dedicated sticker panel . The iOS app now has one too — you can manually switch it on/off in Chat Settings — Stickers .
The new Stickers menu allows you to view , uninstall and share your sticker sets .
This update is available for Android and iOS and is coming to other apps soon . Sticker sets on Telegram are now fully equipped to spread virally and devour the world .
The Telegram Team ,
May 19 , 2015
AVON , Ohio -- After a two-year split , Jim Brown wants to reunite with the Cleveland Browns .
The Hall of Fame running back , who had been estranged from the organization after they were relieved of their duties as a senior advisor , attended an alumni golf outing Friday and said they hope to have a new role with the team .
Hall of Famer Jim Brown rushed for 12,312 yards in nine seasons with the Browns and is the franchise leader in rushing yards and touchdowns . Diamond Images/Getty Images
`` I am forever a Cleveland Brown , '' they said .
Walking without pain and better than they have in years following two hip replacements , the 76-year-old Brown spent nearly 30 minutes speaking with reporters on a number of topics .
And as always , Brown had plenty to say .
Brown said he 'll meet Saturday with incoming owner Jimmy Haslam III , who recently purchased the Browns for $ 1 billion from Randy Lerner . Brown would like to have a hand in developing `` a new winning attitude '' with the Browns , and is looking forward to meeting with Haslam to discuss a possible future with the club .
`` What an opportunity to be able to sit down with him , '' Brown said . `` It 's a beautiful thing . ''
Brown has missed being involved with the team they helped make famous .
`` I miss being around , '' they said . `` I would love to have a role with the Browns . I think that 's what every ex-player would like to do most of all , to be a contributor to the success of an organization that they were a player that brought a certain amount of success . I 'm stuck with being No . 32 for the Cleveland Browns . I ca n't do anything about that and I do n't ' want to do anything about it .
`` We are married because of that history . And if I can be a part of the development of a new winning attitude and help get some victories , that would be fantastic .
`` Imagine having a championship team here again ? ''
Brown also plans to meet this weekend with team president Mike Holmgren , who reached out to the franchise 's career rushing leader and unquestioned greatest player in hopes of welcoming them back to the team . Holmgren had been the one who had changed Brown 's role as an advisor to Lerner . Brown said they did n't have any problem with Holmgren , and the two `` did n't have much of a confrontation . ''
Holmgren also said they were looking forward to meeting with Brown .
`` He 's one of my longtime idols , '' Holmgren said before watching the Browns practice Friday in Berea . `` He 's a very , very important part of this organization and I 'm really very happy he 's coming in for the weekend and I hope to get a chance to visit with him . ''
Brown said they have seen flashes of greatness in Browns rookie running back Trent Richardson . Before the NFL draft , Brown had called Richardson `` ordinary . '' Brown said they made the comments in part to motivate Richardson , who rushed for 109 yards and scored two touchdowns last week against Cincinnati .
`` Why would n't you love to see a running back make two , three , four or five moves and shed those tacklers ? '' Brown said . `` Ultimately a running back has to get rid of tacklers without their blockers being a part of it . So I was happy to see them show that kind of talent . ''
Brown intends to meet with Richardson before Sunday 's game against Buffalo .
The initial reason for Brown returning to Cleveland this weekend was to take part in a halftime ceremony honoring former teammate Ernie Green , a fullback who blocked for him . Green is being inducted into the team 's legends club along with Clarence Scott , who played safety for Cleveland .
This 1956 Plymouth Suburban Custom station wagon is described as a complete and unmolested original that 's been parked in a Canadian barn for 35-40 years . It has the 270 poly V-8 and 3-speed manual transmission with overdrive and though not running , appears to be quite restorable . We like the early Forward Look styling and think it could make for an unusual , yet somewhat practical , ride . Find it here on eBay in Mara , British Columbia , Canada with no reserve .
The car was sold new in Manitoba and papers seem to indicate it remained within the same family until this year . The original gray and white paint is faded but might be presentable enough if the new owner goes the beach cruiser or rat rod route . The seller says the body is in decent condition with surface rust and some minor dents . The floors are said to be outstanding given the car 's age . The bumpers and grille have surface rust but no rust-through . All glass , including the windshield , reportedly is good .
The interior is said to be complete though dirty from decades of storage , with all handles and knobs present . The seats have cloth upholstery , but the condition of the material is n't known as heavy vinyl seat covers been fitted . The rubber floor covering common to Plymouth wagons of this vintage is described as having average wear , The cargo-area floor covering needs replacing but the plastic headliner is said to be in great shape . The original AM radio is still in place , but we would n't count on it working .
The seller says the engine was seized when they bought the car but has been freed up after some cylinder soaking . It 's still tight , but the seller thinks it will loosen up more over time . If it ca n't be saved , a more modern unit would probably slide right in . The clutch and electrics seem to be functional , and the seller thinks the overdrive will work , but realistically the car will require a complete mechanical going-over before it can be returned to service .
There ca n't be many of these early Exner-styled wagons around and this one looks like it could be revived fairly readily if the body is as sound as it looks . We 'd be inclined to fix the mechanicals , clean the interior and drive it with patina intact .
See at Amazon
Fun fact : Kids like stealing their parents ' tablets . Maybe they 're just watching videos . Maybe Pokémoning . ( That 's a verb , right ? ) Maybe they 're just catching up on emails and building new slide decks . ( My kids are weird . Do n't ask . )
Thing is , I 've never really found a tablet I actually want to let my kids use . High-end tablets like the Pixel are too big and too expensive . The same goes for iPads , really . At some point they 're going to drop it . They 're going to leave it on the floor to be stepped on . That 's just the way it is .
And I 've got a real aversion for cheap tablets . You know — those off-brand things that go for $ 50 , never get updates and have zero in the way of support . But what if you could spend just a little bit more for something decent . And , as it turns out , something that has a little bit of kiddie controls already built in .
And that 's why I 've been pleasantly surprised with the latest from Amazon — the Fire HD 8 . It starts at just $ 89 for the 16GB model , with `` special offers . '' ( That means ads , of course . ) I ramped things up just a little bit though , going for the 32GB model and no ads , and came out at about $ 135 . That 's not nothing , but it 's also not horrible for something that 's really gotten a lot of use in my house . ( Plus , having a range of options is great ! )
Get more at Modern Dad ! ! !
In case you ever harbored any doubts about our region 's potential to produce show-stopping , award-winning wines , consider the fact that Lincoln 's very own Wise Villa Winery recently won “ Best of Class ” for a Cabernet Sauvignon in the $ 30 to $ 34.99 range at the prestigious 2014 San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition . The event , which attracted a record number of 5,825 entries in 2014 from more than 1,500 U.S. wineries , is the largest wine competition in the country . Pitted against wines made in the Napa Valley , Paso Robles , Sonoma County , the Santa Cruz Mountains and other esteemed winemaking regions , Wise Villa 's 2011 Sierra Foothills Estate Grown Cabernet Sauvignon emerged victorious . But that 's just the tip of the iceberg—Wise Villa staff also returned home to Placer County with three gold medals , eight silver medals and two bronze medals for other wines crafted on the estate , including its Zinfandel , Syrah and Tempranillo . If this alone is n't enough to inspire you to rush to the winery to taste these award-winning products , consider the fact that Wise Villa also offers a wine and food pairing bistro whose appealing , very wine-friendly menu includes dishes such as crab cakes with Meyer lemon aioli and fried capers ; Mandarin ginger glazed duck breast with wasabi mashed potatoes ; and a truffle-beet salad with arugula and Chèvre . Congratulations , Wise Villa !
UK satellite business Inmarsat has proposed to ICAO a free global airline tracking service over the Inmarsat network , as part of the anticipated adoption of further aviation safety service measures by the world 's airlines following the loss of flight MH370 .
This service is being offered to all 11,000 commercial passenger aircraft , which are already equipped with an Inmarsat satellite connection , virtually 100 per cent of the world 's long haul commercial fleet .
In addition to this free global airline tracking service , Inmarsat will also offer both an enhanced position reporting facility to support reduced in-flight aircraft separation , and a ‘ black box in the cloud ' service , under which – on the back of certain defined trigger events ( such as an unapproved course deviation ) – historic and real-time flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder information can be streamed off an aircraft to defined aviation safety recipients .
The offer come in advance of the conference on aircraft tracking being hosted by the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) in Montreal which commences today .
Rupert Pearce , CEO of Inmarsat , said : “ We welcome and strongly support ICAO 's decision to place the delivery of next-generation aviation safety services at the heart of the industry 's agenda at its meeting on 12 May .
“ Inmarsat has been providing global aviation safety services for over 20 years and we are confident that the proposals we have presented to ICAO and IATA represent a major contribution to enhancing aviation safety services on a global basis . In the wake of the loss of MH370 , we believe this is simply the right thing to do .
“ Because of the universal nature of existing Inmarsat aviation services , our proposals can be implemented right away on all ocean-going commercial aircraft using equipment that is already installed .
“ Furthermore , our leading aviation safety partners are fully supportive of expanded use of the ADS-C Service through the Inmarsat network . This offer responsibly , quickly and at little or no cost to the industry , addresses in part the problem brought to light by the recent tragic events around MH370 . ”
Read More :
King Salman of Saudi Arabia has said that an agreement has been reached with Egypt to build a bridge over the Red Sea connecting the two countries .
The monarch made the announcement in televised comments on Friday - the second day of their visit to Cairo - after meeting Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , and before representatives of the two countries began signing investment deals .
`` I agreed with my brother , their Excellency President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , to build a bridge connecting the two countries , '' Salman said .
`` This historic step to connect the two continents , Africa and Asia , is a qualitative transformation that will increase trade between the two continents to unprecedented levels . ''
It was not mentioned where the bridge would be built , but at the closest point - Nabq , just north of Sharm el-Sheikh , in Egypt , and Ras Alsheikh Hamid , in Saudi Arabia - the two countries are 16km apart .
The plan to build a joint bridge over the Red Sea at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba has been in the pipeline for several years .
Earlier proposals suggested the causeway would feature a railway line in parallel with the road lanes , integrating both country 's proposed high-speed railway systems . In that plan , the causeway would pass through Saudi 's Tiran Island , which would serve as a connection between the two countries .
Sisi , who minutes before the announcement had presented the king with the ceremonial Nile Collar , suggested the name `` King Salman bin Abdel Aziz Bridge '' .
`` The unique quality of the relations between Egypt and Saudi Arabia , the extent to which they are strong and deep-rooted , will allow us to face mutual challenges , '' Sisi said .
`` Our cooperation will certainly allow us to resolve all of our regional crises , such as in Palestine , Yemen , Libya and Syria . ''
Notes from our reporter
The Saudi monarch 's visit is about both politics and economics .
For King Salman , it is about showing that Saudi Arabia and Egypt would stand together against outside interference , by which they mean Iran and its ambitions in the region .
For Egyptians , much more is at stake : The two countries are signing agreements including a multibillion-dollar deal whereby Saudi Arabia will finance Egypt 's oil needs for the next five years and previous estimates for the bridge suggest a cost between $ 3bn and $ 4bn .
Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states have provided Sisi with important support since they came to power in 2013 . But this package from Saudi Arabia to Egypt dwarfs all previous agreements - Mohamed Vall
Radio veteran Terri Avery releases second volume in Inspiration UnPlugged series , InspirationUnplugged : Faith
cd cover
End
-- Created by Radio veteran Terri Avery , Inspiration UnPlugged is a series of recordings created to encourage the listener through these current tough times . The latest volume to be released , InspirationUnplugged : Faith , contains songs that will inspire the listener to greatness in the New Year , encouraging foremost , Faith in whatever you are asking God. “ I 'm excited about Inspiration Unplugged : Faith because I realized that so many people have great ideas but were n't believing in God to make their dreams come true .. , ” Avery says . “ Through music and spoken words , Inspiration Unplugged : Faith helps you to grow your faith and trust in God even though you ca n't see God working in your life . Walk by Faith not by sight. ” Avery continues.Whether you 're looking to lose weight , quit smoking , or just a better walk with God , InspirationUnplugged : Faith will help you reach your goals . Included on the recording is national recording artist Cassandra O'Neal . Track Listing is as follows : 1 . Faith Intro 2 . Faith A Spiritual Law 3 . Faith Filled Prayer 4 . Faith The Gift From God 5 . Get To Know Faith 6 . Move In Faith 7 . Supernatural Blessings 8 . Thats Faith 9 . Trust God In Faith 10 . With Faith God Is So Good 11 . Faith Closing “ I pray that as you grow in your Faith walk you receive all God 's blessings for your life . FAITH will help you speak words of inspiration into your life while you wait on the Lord to bless you . Faith is not a magic formula ; it 's what should be living inside of you all the time . Live a life of Faith and watch God work. , ” Avery shares when asked about this latest installment.InspirationUnplugged : Faith is available at multiple locations all of which are listed and can be accessed on their website www.UnpluggedInspiration.com The previous , initial release , InspirationUnplugged : Motivation can also be purchased via the website.Terri Avery is available to speak at civic and community organizations'meetings . They can be contacted via their Web site at www.UnpluggedInspiration.com , or by phone : 704-525-9898Terri Avery , is a 30 year broadcast veteran and winner of multiple industry awards . Having worked in several major markets programming top ranking radio stations , Terri presently resides in Charlotte , North Carolina . Over the years Terri has come to realize that their love for God helped them recognize and share their gift ; A lifelong Love to motivate people to their greatness . Terri thanks their husband for helping them make their dream come to life . Terri 's prayer is that as you listen to them , they help you on your walk with God , that you share them with all those you know and that they are a blessing in your life .
As southern winter solstice approaches in the Saturn system , NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has been revealing dramatic seasonal changes in the atmospheric temperature and composition of Saturn 's largest moon , Titan .
Winter is taking a grip on Titan 's southern hemisphere , and a strong , whirling atmospheric circulation pattern -- a vortex -- has developed in the upper atmosphere over the South Pole . Cassini has observed that this vortex is enriched in trace gases -- gases that are otherwise quite rare in Titan 's atmosphere . Cassini 's observations show a reversal in the atmosphere above Titan 's poles since the spacecraft arrived at Saturn in 2004 , when similar features were seen in the northern hemisphere .
Winter is taking a grip on Titan 's southern hemisphere , and a strong , whirling atmospheric circulation pattern -- a vortex -- has developed in the upper atmosphere over the South Pole .
`` Cassini 's long mission and frequent visits to Titan have allowed us to observe the pattern of seasonal changes on Titan , in exquisite detail , for the first time , '' said Athena Coustenis , a member of Cassini 's Composite Infrared Spectrometer team at the Observatoire de Paris . Coustenis is presenting the team 's findings at the joint 48th meeting of the American Astronomical Society Division for Planetary Sciences and 11th European Planetary Science Congress ( EPSC ) , this week in Pasadena , California . `` We arrived at the northern mid-winter and have now had the opportunity to monitor Titan 's atmospheric response through two full seasons . ''
Heat is circulated through Titan 's atmosphere via a pole-to-pole cycle of warm gases upwelling at the summer pole and cold gases subsiding at the winter pole . Cassini 's observations have shown a large-scale reversal of this system , beginning immediately after the equinox in 2009 .
Titan 's hemispheres have responded in different ways to these seasonal changes . The wintry effects have led to a temperature drop of 72 degrees Farenheit ( 40 degrees Celsius ) in the southern polar stratosphere over the last four years . This contrasts with a much more gradual warming in the northern hemisphere , where temperatures remained stable during the early spring and have shown just a six-degree increase since 2014 .
Within months following the equinox , the vortex in the stratosphere over the South Pole had become prominent , as had an atmospheric `` hot spot '' at high altitudes . The corresponding features in the northern hemisphere had almost disappeared by 2011 .
Inside the polar vortex over the increasingly shadowed South Pole , there has been a rapid build-up of trace gases that accumulate in the absence of ultraviolet sunlight . These include complex hydrocarbons previously only seen at high northern latitudes .
A more detailed version of this story is available from the EPSC meeting website :
http : //www.europlanet-eu.org/titan-experiences-dramatic-seasonal-changes
Photo : Noam Galai/Getty Images
On last night 's episode of The Good Wife , Alicia Florrick certainly seemed less like a pawn and more like a woman who 's finally taking control of their trajectory — and Julianna Margulies could n't be more pleased . “ She 's done , and I love it , ” Margulies said at A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Cure Parkinson 's , an event for the Michael J . Fox Foundation Saturday night . “ She 's gotten to a place where they just does n't care. ” Margulies spoke with Vulture about what 's changed for Alicia , using Peter , and an upcoming Alicia-Eli encounter .
What do you think has shifted for Alicia ?
She 's gotten to the bottom of the barrel again , only this time , she 's in their late 40s and does n't care anymore . She 's like , “ You know what ? Fuck you all . I 'm going to do what I want , I 'm going to live my life the way that I want , because no matter what I do , it 's never good enough . ”
That must be fun for you .
It 's really freeing to play — it 's fun . I love how they 're throwing them around . My favorite line is , “ I seduced you ; you do n't have to call me in the morning. ” I just like that she 's wearing the pants when it comes to sex suddenly , which never really was the case . And I also think they really wants to be sleeping with their investigator , but they ca n't , so she 's using Peter to get their yayas on .
Is n't everybody using everybody else ?
Right . They say that in an episode that already aired . Someone says , “ You know Eli is using you , ” and they go , “ Who is n't ? ”
Can we look forward to seeing more of Alicia 's reckless abandon ?
You 're in for a little bit of a ride . I do n't want to spoil anything , but it would n't be drama if they did n't fall from grace yet again . I really am sworn to secrecy , but I 'll tell you this : You can look forward to them and Eli having an incredible encounter that might be the saddest thing you 've ever seen the two of them go through together .
Oh no …
I 'm sorry , I 'm being horrible , but I do n't want to ruin it !
No , I completely understand . So someone calls you and Peter a boring old married couple , but then you say the sex is sexier now that you guys are n't in love .
Right , that was a line Alicia had , they said , “ Yeah , it 's sexier when there 's no love involved. ” Is n't that sad ? But that might be true for some people . That 's why people have affairs with people they 're not in love with . Right ?
OUTGOING AFL chief executive Andrew Demetriou has shot down calls for a return of State of Origin football , saying fans should n't expect to see it again soon .
Demetriou 's comments come despite an overwhelming support for Origin football among the public .
On Wednesday SuperFooty polled fans , asking : ‘ Should the AFL bring back State of Origin ? '
By 9am on Thursday well over 10,000 fans had voted , with more than 90 per cent of those responding giving a clear indication they 'd like to see the return of Origin footy .
VOTE FOR WHO YOU THINK WOULD WIN STATE OF ORIGIN
However speaking on radio on Thursday — the morning after rugby league had showcased its premier event — Demetriou , who will hand over to incoming chief Gillon McLachlan next week , indicated bringing back State of Origin was n't high on the AFL 's agenda .
“ At club level , we 've got the greatest club versus club competition in the country and that 's what we pride ourselves on , ” Demetriou told SEN .
“ We should n't pretend we 're anything else .
“ Every week there are classic games that get 50 , 80 , 70,000 ( fans ) … we should be pretty proud of that and should n't try and be what we 're not . ”
Last month the players ' union also made it known there was interest among the stars of the game for representative football .
PUSH FROM STARS TO BRING BACK STATE OF ORIGIN THWARTED
On Wednesday SuperFooty revealed the potential line-ups ( see below ) for each state should the AFL revive the once-annual fixture .
As you can see Victoria has a midfield that could kill the game very quickly , one where Trent Cotchin struggles to get in the starting 18 .
SHOULD STATE OF ORIGIN BE REVIVED ? VOTE AND HAVE YOUR SAY
But the Vics are n't as strong as WA in key positions , even if Tom Lynch of the Gold Coast is developing into some player in quick time , and Dahlhaus is one of the better small crumbing forwards going around .
Right now young Gold Coast forward Tom Lynch gets picked ahead of Jeremy Cameron who is going through a quiet period after two scintillating seasons .
Hawk Jack Gunston is a clear third tall forward , while up back a youngster in Daniel Talia is continuing the form that won them the 2012 Rising Star award .
Michael Hibberd is having another solid season after their 2013 breakout year , while Cameron Guthrie is a certain selection after continuing to develop their game as an on-baller , having begun their career as a mid-size defender .
In the rucking department there are n't a lot of viable alternatives with Port Adelaide 's Matthew Lobbe having a really solid year after being recruited from Monbulk and Eastern U18 .
As for captain , take your pick between Luke Hodge , Travis Boak , Jobe Watson or Joel Selwood .
Who would win ? We 've looked at the SuperCoach scores of each player to see which team would come out on top .
VICTORIAN STATE OF ORIGIN TEAM
— compiled by Jon Anderson
B : Michael Hibberd ( Ess ) 99.11 , Scott Thompson ( NM ) 81.5 , Ted Richards ( Syd ) 67.11
HB : Luke Hodge ( Haw ) 88.29 , Daniel Talia ( Ade ) 67.11 , Cam Guthrie ( Gee ) 88.11
C : Travis Boak ( PtA ) 103.67 , Jobe Watson ( Ess ) 113.4 , Scott Pendlebury ( Coll ) 132
HF : Steve Johnson ( Gee ) 116.1 , Jarryd Roughead ( Haw ) 89.8 , Patrick Dangerfield ( Ade ) 115.5
F : Luke Dahlhaus ( WB ) 102 , Tom Lynch ( GCS ) 80.44 , Jack Gunston ( Haw ) 89.11
R : Matthew Lobbe ( PtA ) 84.62 , Gary Ablett ( GCS ) 143 , Joel Selwood ( Gee ) 119.11
I/C : Trent Cotchin ( Ric ) 101.11 , Jeremy Cameron ( GWS ) 55.12 , Josh Kennedy ( Syd ) 123.67 Robbie Gray ( PtA ) 107.89
SUPERCOACH AVERAGE : 2168.04
WESTERN AUSTRALIAN STATE OF ORIGIN TEAM
— compiled by Braden Quartermaine
B : David Swallow ( GCS ) 107.89 , Eric Mackenzie ( WCE ) 68.44 , Darren Glass ( WCE ) 62.43
HB : Chris Yarran ( Car ) 84.75 , Michael Johnson ( Frem ) 98.44 , Heritier Lumumba ( Coll ) 86.67
C : Stephen Hill ( Frem ) 91.25 , Matt Priddis ( WCE ) 105.67 , Bradley Hill ( Haw ) 85.33
HF : Mitch Duncan ( Gee ) 99.44 , Lance Franklin ( Syd ) 81.12 , Harley Bennell ( GCS ) 88.33
F : Dean Cox ( WCE ) 97.44 , Josh Kennedy ( WCE ) 78.33 , Mark LeCras ( WCE ) 90.5
R : Aaron Sandilands ( Frem ) 116.56 , Nat Fyfe ( Frem ) 120 , Jaeger O'Meara ( GCS ) 103.11
I/C : Harry Taylor ( Gee ) 69.89 , Jack Darling ( WCE ) 83.11 , Hayden Ballantyne ( Frem ) 71.12 , Chris Masten ( WCE ) 87.75
SUPERCOACH AVERAGE : 1977.35
SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STATE OF ORIGIN TEAM
— compiled by Michelangelo Rucci
B : Bryce Gibbs ( Car ) 105.44 , Joel Patfull ( BL ) 54.75 , Corey Enright ( Gee ) 83
HB : Matthew Broadbent ( PtA ) 80 , Heath Grundy ( Syd ) 75.11 , Shaun Burgoyne ( Haw ) 103
C : Kane Cornes ( PtA ) 93.56 , Brad Ebert ( PtA ) 105.33 , Jared Polec ( PtA ) 95.67
HF : Bernie Vince ( Melb ) 88 , Matthew Pavlich ( Frem ) 88.89 , Justin Westhoff ( PtA ) 80.22
F : Chad Wingard ( PtA ) 86.12 , Jay Schulz ( PtA ) 76.22 , Angus Monfries ( PtA ) 78.33
R : Sam Jacobs ( Ade ) 108.67 , Ryan Griffen ( WB ) 93.25 , Adam Cooney ( WB ) 92.22
I/C : Will Minson ( WB ) 96.44 , Brodie Smith ( Ade ) 93.44 , Hamish Hartlett ( PtA ) 95.88 , Andrew Mackie ( Gee ) 93.71
SUPERCOACH AVERAGE : 1967.25
THE ALLIES STATE OF ORIGIN TEAM ( NT , Qld , NSW , Tas and International )
— compiled by Ben Higgins
B : Jarrod Harbrow ( GCS ) 89.78 , Rory Thompson ( GCS ) 60.86 , Jeremy Howe ( Melb ) 76.67
HB : Pearce Hanley ( BL ) 84.57 , Steven May ( GCS ) 77.11 , Matthew Suckling ( Haw ) 85
C : Dayne Zorko ( BL ) 87.33 , Jarrad McVeigh ( Syd ) 106.44 , Dane Rampe ( Syd ) 83.78
HF : Mathew Stokes ( Gee ) 105.12 , Nick Riewoldt ( StK ) 93.33 , Isaac Smith ( Haw ) 89.56
F : Jack Riewoldt ( Ric ) 92.33 , Tom Hawkins ( Gee ) 82.78 , Luke Breust ( Haw ) 98.67
R : David Hale ( Haw ) 75.22 , Dayne Beams ( Coll ) 120.67 , Kieren Jack ( Syd ) 108.12
I/C : Grant Birchall ( Haw ) 90.56 , Daniel Cross ( Melb ) 96.67 , Josh Green ( BL ) 60.71 , Kurt Tippett ( Syd ) 86
SUPERCOACH AVERAGE : 1951.39
* Teams picked on current form and as if a game was being played this weekend , leaving out injured and suspended players .
Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos is not the only one with a drone-delivery dream . Alibaba 's billionaire founder Jack Ma is also testing drone-delivery services , as the company races to overcome logistics barriers in the country .
The initial scope of Alibaba 's experiment is small . The company 's online Taobao bazaar is inviting 450 shoppers in Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou to try parcel deliveries by unmanned drones today , according to a Feb. 4 post on Taobao 's verified microblog account . The drones will only deliver ginger tea packages under the Shou Quanzhai brand during the three-day trial carried out with Shanghai-based YTO Express , the company says .
“ This is a one-off campaign where ginger tea packets ordered on Taobao can be delivered to designated cities or regions within an hour , ” Alibaba said in an e-mailed note . “ We 're unsure about future possibilities yet , but this is our first drone delivery service campaign . ”
The drones can each carry a maximum weight of 1 kilogram and fly a maximum distance of 10 kilometers , according to Xue Ren , a YTO spokesperson . Ren said the express-delivery firm is just testing the market and has no immediate plan to expand the service .
The move comes as Alibaba is stepping up its investment into logistics to tackle China 's fragmented and underdeveloped parcel-delivery infrastructure . In 2013 , the company said that it would spearhead a $ 16.3 billion investment over the next five to eight years to develop a logistics network capable of delivering packages to consumers nationwide within 24 hours . It has also invested $ 361 million in appliance maker Haier Electronics to expand its reach to millions of consumers in China 's vast interior .
Currently , about 25 million parcels are delivered every day in China . The figure is expected to rise to 200 million in a decade , according to Ma .
Alibaba is not the first Chinese company to try drone delivery . SF express , which is a partner in Alibaba 's logistic network , tinkered with unmanned drones in 2013 . The company tested a model that can fly a maximum altitude of 100 meters in the city of Dongguan that year . It started in December 2013 to use the drones in a trial program to send goods to remote areas , according to local media reports . The company told Beijing News that it would be in touch with regulators before launching its drone-delivery services nationwide .
This article is over 2 years old
‘ A few ' Republicans in the Senate are worried about Trump , according to Franken : ‘ I 've heard great concern about the president 's temperament '
Al Franken repeats senators ' concern that Trump is 'not right mentally '
Al Franken has repeated their contention that some of their fellow senators think Donald Trump is “ not right mentally ” .
Meryl Streep says Trump provokes 'brownshirts and bots and worse ' Read more
“ A few ” Republicans are so concerned , the Minnesota Democrat told CNN 's State of the Union on Sunday . “ It 's not the majority of them , it 's a few . ”
Such concerns are expressed , they said , “ in the way all of us have this suspicion . They lie a lot , they say things that are n't true , that 's the same as lying I guess . ”
Franken singled out Trump 's oft-repeated , evidence-free claims that mass voter fraud cost them a popular vote victory against Hillary Clinton . Clinton won nearly three million more ballots than Trump in November but lost in the electoral college .
“ Y'know , ” Franken added , “ three to five million people voted illegally , there was a new one about people going in from Massachusetts to New Hampshire …
“ That is not the norm for a president of the United States or actually for a human being . ”
Franken first mentioned concerns in the Senate in an appearance on HBO 's Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday . Asked what senators said about Trump “ behind closed doors ” , they said : “ There 's a range in what they 'll say , and some will say that he 's not right mentally .
“ And then some are harsher . ”
They added : “ That 's not fair . That was cheap . There are some who I guess do n't talk to me . I have n't heard a lot of good things , and I 've heard great concern about the president 's temperament . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Al Franken appears on Real Time with Bill Maher .
Franken also said they would have spoken up if they had been in the room this week when Trump reportedly told a group of Democratic senators : “ Pocahontas is now the face of your party . ”
Trump voter fraud claim was '800lb gorilla in jury box ' at Texas trial Read more
“ Pocahontas ” is the president 's derogatory nickname for Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , a prominent critic who has claimed Native American heritage .
“ I heard this from a couple of my colleagues who were there and I would have said something , ” Franken said . “ [ I would have said ] ‘ Mr President , with all due respect that 's racist , please stop doing that , I am on [ the committee on ] Indian affairs , this is completely unacceptable .
“ You really should stop doing this , it does n't serve anybody . Something like that . ”
The senator , formerly a writer and performer on Saturday Night Live , was asked if they ever thought about running for president themselves because , in the words and actions of their most famous SNL character , they found themselves looking in the mirror and saying : “ I 'm good enough , I 'm smart enough , and doggone it , people like me . ”
“ No , ” Franken deadpanned . “ That 's never happened … but I appreciated the shoutout to my character . Stuart Smalley was an extremely popular character on Saturday Night Live . ”
A veteran D.C. police officer is suing two fellow officers in neighboring Prince George 's County , saying they hit them in the face and beat them with a baton in a confrontation outside a Fairmount Heights restaurant and liquor store .
In a suit filed Wednesday in Prince George 's County Circuit Court , D.C. officer Richard A. Merritt claims that they were talking on their cellphone Saturday outside the Ebony Inn when an “ overly aggressive ” Prince George 's police officer approached them and a group of men . According to the suit , the officer tried to grab Merritt 's phone and pushed them — even after Merritt identified themselves as a D.C. police officer .
When Merritt threatened to sue , according to the lawsuit , that officer and another Prince George 's officer hit them in the face , head and body , then beat their legs with a baton . Merritt , a D.C. officer for 23 years who work in patrol in the 4th Police District , said the attack continued after they were handcuffed . They were eventually arrested and charged with resisting arrest , having open containers of alcohol and failing to obey a lawful order , court records show .
“ These officers , only word you can say for it is corrupt , ” Merritt said .
Christina Cotterman , a Prince George 's police spokesperson , said investigators were looking into the incident , but preliminarily , they stood by the charges against Merritt . According to police charging documents , Merritt was “ moving their hand around their waistband ” — where an officer suspected they were carrying a gun — and once on the ground , put their hands underneath their stomach to resist attempts to handcuff him . Merritt also was “ in possession of ” a bottle of Jack Daniel 's whiskey , according to the documents .
The incident began about 4:30 p.m. Saturday . Merritt , 47 , said they had just gotten off work and had gone to the Ebony Inn to pick up some ribs . They said that they stopped briefly to socialize with some men , and about the same time , began to talk to their 14-year-old son on the phone . They said that is when a Prince George 's officer approached .
By Merritt 's and the lawsuit 's account , the officer ordered the group of men to stand against a wall and “ became more aggressive ” when one questioned the directive . Merritt said they identified themselves as a D.C. police officer and told the Prince George 's officers they were armed .
At that point , Merritt said , one officer tried to take away their phone , then pushed him . Soon , they said , two Prince George 's officers forced them to the ground , where they punched and kicked them and beat them with a baton .
Although Cotterman declined to address the specifics of Merritt 's account , Prince George 's police charging documents contradict parts of it . The documents say the officers — Jorgaq Shkurti and Harkirat Singh — were on routine patrol when they saw Merritt “ in possession of ” an open bottle of Jack Daniel 's whiskey and a clear plastic cup filled with liquor . Merritt would not say whether the liquor was his .
The documents , which are authored and signed by Singh , say Merritt was the only person not to move when police ordered the group to stand against the wall . Singh then saw a bulge in Merritt 's waistband , and they suspected that Merritt might be armed with a handgun , according to the documents . The documents say that at some point , Merritt moved their hand near their waistband .
Singh acknowledges in the documents that they and Shkurti “ used a couple of knee strikes and pain compliance technique ” on Merritt after they got them on the ground . The documents say that Merritt had put their hands underneath their stomach , resisting the officers ' efforts to handcuff him .
“ At that point , I was also mindful of the bulge that I had observed in [ Merritt 's ] waistband , ” Singh wrote in the documents . “ I was afraid that the bulge could have been due to a weapon and I was also afraid that [ Merritt ] was resisting arrest so that they could retrieve their weapon from their waistband and fight back . ”
According to the documents , Merritt was carrying their police-issued weapon in a holster , and Singh and Shkurti found their police ID in their wallet after they handcuffed and searched him . They called a supervisor to the scene , who told D.C. police officials what had happened , according to the documents .
Singh and Shkurti are still both on duty in Prince George 's .
Merritt said they have been placed in a non-contact status , meaning they can work but not interact with the public . D.C. police spokesperson Gwendolyn Crump said Wednesday that Merritt 's police powers have been revoked while they are under criminal prosecution .
Merritt said that their ankle was injured in the incident , and on Wednesday , they wore a walking boot on their left leg . Their face , however , showed no visible injuries , and Prince George 's police shared pictures with a reporter taken during Merritt 's arrest that also showed no apparent injuries .
Merritt 's lawsuit seeks $ 3 million , naming the Prince George 's government and the two officers as defendants . Jimmy Bell , their lawyer , said at a news conference with the Prince George 's NAACP president on Wednesday that they worry that the incident is part of a disturbing pattern of officers attacking handcuffed suspects . They cited as an example the recent case of a District Heights police officer shooting a handcuffed suspect in the back as they tried to flee .
“ We want the brutality to stop , ” Bell said . “ It 's not just happening to regular citizens . It 's happening to other officers . ”
Hi .... Okay , I just wanted to point this fact out : this is a deck I have begun to build , but I 'll need help to finish , so feel free to post comments on ideas on this page or the reddit page I have linked to this page - I 'll check them both regularly .
So what is the `` goal '' of this deck ?
To make it fun and competitive in the Ranked Ladder .
So I had this crazy idea of having a weapon , which potentially never breaks . Essentially it is all about using Gorehowl to control the board and then have the combo ready with Alexstrasza , Grommash Hellscream and an enabler .
The way `` Never Ending Gorehowl '' should work out - is by using the Orgrimmar Aspirant , Hero Power and stack up the damage since the weapon only lose attack damage when used on minions . The Health Points can be an issue using this method and not to mention Mage 's freeze effects can be a bump on the road to victory ... buuuuuut that is why you 'll need Armor Points and lots of it , and removals ... and sometimes minions . Justicar Trueheart does help out a lot since you bang your head into a lot of minions and there are 2 Gorehowls in case you need to use Death 's Bite for enabler or something .
So here is what I need your help with :
Which cards does this deck need ?
Why is your choice of card needed ?
Which cards are not fitting in this deck ? Why does it not fit ?
Test the deck and give your feedback on what you experienced and what you think could have helped you out in your games . ( It would maybe be a good idea to test the cards you would like to submit on this page first . )
Spread the link to this page to friends of yours who you think could help out and bring good ideas and feedback .
And as a final note I just want to point out that any ideas of deck type for this deck is welcome .
I personally think it is a Control Deck , but maybe you see other possibilities with it . Give me your feedback all is welcome .
- Animated Death
Come celebrate with us ! We are celebrating our 3rd anniversary and want YOU to join us ! We ca n't think of a better way to spend this day than with all of you . Enjoy live music throughout the day and your favorite Firefly Hollow brews . Limited number of tickets will be available for sale at the door .
Your ticket gets you :
-FREE Parking and FREE Shuttle provided by CT Beer Tours to the brewery ( parking in our driveway and parking lot will not be allowed ) . Guests are asked to park in the North Main Street Lot across from City Hall and will be shuttled to and from the event beginning at 11am .
-Three beer tickets , including our FOUR BARREL AGED LIMITED RELEASE BEERS and other specialty beers including casks of Cone Flakes IIPA ( yum ) . See complete beer list at the bottom of this page .
-One food ticket- Food will be provided by The Whey Station Food Truck ( gluten free bread available upon request ) !
-Our limited release 3rd anniversary glass to bring home- be the envy of your friends , this is a sweet glass !
-LIVE bands performing throughout the day :
Dizzyfish
Eric Herbst and Mike Nunno of the Classic Rock Band DizzyFish will be opening the show . Eric has opened solo for The Steve Miller band at the Oakdale will be playing a duo with Mike who has toured the world playing with blues greats .
Additional beer and food will be available for purchase .
This is a 21+ event . Please show ID when checking in . Please leave the kids and pets home .
Complete Beer List :
Specialty Limited Release Barrel Aged Beers :
2015 Tequila Barrel Aged Dire Chinchilla Imperial Pale- The goal was to combine the soft herbal hop flavors from the Dire Chinchilla Imperial Pale Ale with the sharp agave , lime , and citrus tones from the tequila barrel . The aging process also brings in some soft oxidative tones that round out the malt flavor , while also picking up hints of vanillin and oak from the barrel . We 're particularly excited to showcase this beer because it takes one of our more unique imperial styles and pairs it with an unconventional barrel choice . This beer was brewed in March of 2016 and spent approximately 120 days in oak .
2016 Bourbon Barrel Aged Toadstool Oat Stout Nitro- Since day one it has been one of our most popular beers , and we thought it 's smooth roastiness could pick up some nice oak flavors from a fairly short barrel stand . Pouring this beer on nitro was also a fun way to showcase how seamlessly the milk chocolate and vanilla oak tones mate with the soft roastiness of Toadstool . The barrel aged Toadstool is blended from 60 and 120 day barrels from both the Heaven Hill and James Beam distilleries .
2016 Bourbon Barrel Aged Wood Drip Maple Imperial Amber- It started when a friend from the Pierce Sugar Shack in Hebron , CT approached us about using 400 gallons of extra sap from the 2016 year . We decided to use the sap in lieu of water for the brew day , which added up to about 10 % of the beer 's total sugar content . What we ended up with was a very pleasant and malty amber ale with subtle flavor impressions of maple and an earthy woodiness . After trying the finished product we thought it would be pretty cool to return the beer to the wood for conditioning . We made the right choice . This brew exhibits a strong and unmistakeable bourbon , charred oak woodiness that pairs wonderfully with the toasty malt base . This beer was brewed in February of 2016 and aged for 60 days in Heaven Hill Bourbon Barrels .
2015 Bourbon Barrel Aged Smokey Moor Peated Scotch Ale- This was one of our very first attempts at barrel aging . Since this brew is full bodied and loaded with malt flavor , we knew it would be an excellent pairing for a fresh dumped bourbon barrel . The caramelized and toasted sugar malt flavors play wonderfully with the strong vanillin and toasted oak profile , but the peat smoke is what makes it special . The peat smoked malt used in this scotch ale is strong up front , but does n't overpower any of the beer 's subtleties . It 's there to add a foundation of earthy , peppery smoke like a baseline to some unforgettable jazz beat . The Smokey Moor aged in a single Heaven Hill Bourbon Barrel for approximately 150 days .
2014 OOps # 1- Farmhouse Wheat style beer aged in whisky and white wine barrels with brettanomyces and other funk driving microorganisms . Over the past two years it 's developed a very interesting pineapple , mango , green apple fruitiness with hints of spice and oak . A distinct white wine impression comes through in the finish with a bright effervescence and just a hint of tart acidity .
Other Specialty Limited Release Beers :
2014 Twinkler Barleywine
2015 Choconaut Imperial Porter
2016 Choconaut Imperial Porter
2015 Big Brass Bock
2015 Luciferin IIPA
2016 H+ Sour Ale with Cherries
Ionic Wheat CASK dry hopped with Denali
Cone Flakes IIPA CASK dry hopped with El Dorado
Other Draft Favorites : Wombat Pale , Lizard Breath IPA , Red Lantern , Secret Ingredient Stout , Up Quark IPA , Charm Quark IPA
ROME , June 12 ( Reuters ) - A German sports reporter who was late for their plane to cover the European Championships staged a bomb scare at Italy 's Verona airport in order to delay its take-off , police said on Thursday .
The 27-year-old reporter , who has not been identified , called police saying a bomb had been planted on the Air Dolomiti flight to Vienna on Wednesday , police in northern Verona told Reuters by telephone on Thursday .
The airport was closed for about two hours and two incoming flights were forced to land at another airport .
The reporter arrived at check-in just five minutes before the scheduled take off , shortly after the phone call announcing the bomb scare .
When told they were too late to check in they said they had heard the plane was still not ready for take off , even though the airport officials had still not made any announcement of any delay .
“ He changed their version several times , first claiming they had arrived at the airport on time and then admitting they only arrived five minutes before take-off , ” a police officer said .
The man 's mobile phone was linked to the call .
They were arrested and charged with causing an alarm and interrupting a public service .
Another atheist parent sends me a question this week ,
I 'm atheist born into a Catholic family . I was raised Catholic . I have a daughter now , who I am raising without religion . Lately , she 's taken to thanking god for things which they have either learnt from school or from my family who are not staunch catholic but who think they need to know about god . What do I say to them when they say they want to thank god ? I tried saying I prefer thanking the universe . They insisted they want to thank god . The other day , we passed a church and they stopped in front of it and joined their hands in prayer . This makes me livid but I do n't want to react in a negative manner that would make them stick to their guns even more . How would you react ?
This is a difficult situation , but I firmly believe that if you 're actively promoting critical thought at home , your child will grow out of this . You 're right in assuming that getting mad about it , or insisting on arguing about it could cause them to dig their heels in more , but there are ways to poke holes in these ideas without arguing .
For instance , the next time your daughter thanks god for “ mommy ” , you can say ,
“ That 's so sweet , honey . You know , though , some people might not think that 's not very nice . I am the way I am because my mom and dad worked hard to raise me to be a good person . By thanking god for that , you 're forgetting all the hard work grandma and grandpa did . ”
Whenever your daughter brings up god , find a gentle way to ask questions about it . Do n't tell them what they are saying is wrong or that they ca n't pray or go to church or thank god , just gently poke little holes in it instead while praising them thoughtfulness .
Your family disregarding your wishes is a whole other thing , though . You said that they think they need to know about god , but my question immediately is , “ Who are they to decide what your daughter needs ? ” . As I have said before in previous posts , you have to remember that you are the parent here , and though you have spent your life revering the authority of your own parents , they no longer have any . You are an adult raising your own child now and what you say goes , absolutely regardless of what they think . Raising your daughter is a team effort between you and their other parent . It is not a team effort between their parents , your parents , their other grandparents , their aunts , uncles , cousins , etc . It 's just you . So , you need to stand your ground and tell your family this .
You need to tell your family that you do n't want them teaching them about god . Tell them that it 's your job to teach them about god , in any way you like . Remind them they are your child and not theirs . Of course , be nice and ask gently but be clear and firm .
They have a choice now . They can either comply with your wishes , or they can continue to do what they have been doing . If they continue , you need to talk to them again , this time telling them there will be consequences for not complying with your parenting choices . Make those consequences something that will motivate them , such as eliminating their time with your daughter altogether . Again , be clear so there is absolutely no way to misinterpret what you 're saying .
If they continue to teach your child about god at this point , it 's time to follow through with the consequences . You must remember in this situation that they have made this choice , not you . They were given your wishes clearly on two separate occasions , and they knew , beyond any doubt , what the consequences were , and yet , they continued to defy your wishes as a parent . They chose it , not you .
If you do not follow through with the consequences , the situation could get even worse and you could be faced with a lifetime of being undermined by your family on everything from god to too much ice cream . Stand your ground even though it hurts .
With that said , though , I would reserve this approach for grandparents who are really putting in a good effort to indoctrinate your child . If they 're just mentioning god from time to time , I would n't worry too much if you 're actively promoting critical thought at home . According to your email , she 's just three . Three year olds are n't necessarily the best rational thinkers yet , but kids are naturally curious . Follow them where their curiosity leads without shutting it down , even if it 's about god . One way you can show that you support their interest in god , is by teaching them about all the gods people believe in and all the different religions there are across the globe . David G. McAfee has some great kids books to help you do this . When they realize that millions of kids believe in other gods from theirs just as strongly as they believe in hers , it could open their mind to more questions and more exploration .
It 's important to find out what she 's being told , and what she 's being taught as well , so you can counter those specific ideas – just casually , in passing conversation , offer questions that counter those ideas . Do it under the guise of fun with mommy . “ Hey , I wanted to show you something ! ” or “ Hey , do you ever think about… ? ” .
Rest assured , though , a daughter 's biggest influence is their mother , so tell them without mincing words what you believe . If they mention god , tell her , every time , “ Oh , mommy does n't believe that stuff anymore. ” Often , this alone is enough to keep your kids from being indoctrinated .
I asked my Twitter audience what they would do in this situation and they had a few things to say :
Cruel me would suggest sitting down and asking them to pray for the next meal to miraculously appear without you . — Seaweed ( @ Seaweedski ) August 22 , 2017
I see . Making sure age-appropriate critical thinking skills are instilled in a child is the best defense against religious indoctrination . — Hani Darwich ( @ hani_darwich ) August 22 , 2017
I 'd assume kiddo had been influenced by somebody other than myself & I would be livid about that person stripping that decision away — JPM ( @ JPM_80 ) August 22 , 2017
I 'd tell them go for it . After all , he 's 3 and still believes in Santa . — Bigfoot Monday ( @ AtheistBigfoot ) August 22 , 2017
Ask people like you that have children and are atheist for advice and I 'm being 100 % serious . That 's such a deep and interesting question . — JPM ( @ JPM_80 ) August 22 , 2017
From Instagram , some of the answers were :
Next time they need something , I 'd tell them to pray for it – @ interstellar_bovardrive Remind them that it 's nice to pray but better to do . Prayer is just a form of meditation but if they want to see real changes it has to come from their own actions . Kids are a lot brighter and inquisitive than we give them credit for . – @ hanasus Must be a phase . 3 year olds are silly . – @ jessica.israel You should n't even speak to kids about religion or atheism till they 're old enough to comprehend and think for themselves . At 3 years old , they just follow what they see . – @ el_num3ro_23 Let them grow out of it . Just like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny . – @ scathing.internet.asshole Enrich their knowledge of many other religions . Show them the Beautiful parts and the grotesque parts , along with the complete ridiculousness of them . Raise them to know about other religions and they 'll probably not choose the one with the imaginary friend that wants you to fear it . – @ troyhencely
More or less , it seems to be a consensus : 1 . Do n't worry too much at three , she 'll likely grow out of it 2 . Speak with the source of the information she 's receiving and express your wishes 3 . Promote critical thought at home .
For those of you who are interested , I put together a list of ways to promote critical thinking in kids . Read it : 11 Ways To Make Sure You 're Raising Critical Thinkers
How would you deal with this situation ? Let me know in the comments !
Ron Paul might win the Maine caucus presidential preference contest after all .
The Maine state GOP on Thursday announced that in essence it will announce a new total for the straw poll in early March that will include results from Washington County , which has yet to caucus . State Republican chair Charlie Webster added that the party is contacting town officials throughout Maine to “ reconfirm ” results of caucuses already held .
“ All Republicans are keenly aware of the intense interest in the results of the Maine Republican Party Presidential Preference Poll , ” said Mr. Webster in a statement .
Translation : We 're getting hammered because we declared Mitt Romney the caucus poll winner , despite the fact that the vote was incomplete – Washington County canceled due to weather . Oh , and those zeroes entered next to towns that did caucus in the vote totals ? We 're looking into it . Sorry .
OK , we 'll admit we were wrong – we did not think Pine Tree State Republicans would go this far . We 've been covering this in close detail and we thought everybody up there wanted to get past the debacle and get to mud season as soon as possible .
But we know what it 's like to get on the wrong side of the Ron Paul forces – the e-mails cause all your mobile devices to melt . And Webster was getting further pressure from national GOP figures about the Maine mess calling the whole caucus system into question . After all , victory in the Iowa caucuses got passed around like a deli platter . First , it was offered to Romney , and then handed to Rick Santorum . After that nobody in Nevada could properly add up their caucus votes , apparently . Then Maine . It 's enough to make you dream of the logic of a national primary day .
By the way , Ron Paul themselves was noncommittal on the question of a Maine recount . Their campaign has emphasized that the preference poll there was nonbinding , and that the real contest was for delegates to the state GOP convention , which will allocate Maine 's delegates to the national confab in Tampa in August .
That 's what we 've called Paul 's “ secret ninja strategy ” to do better than the media thinks in caucus results . Their campaign has now released some claims as to how this has worked so far . In the Minnesota caucuses , for instance , Paul won 27 percent of the presidential preference vote , but 75 percent of the delegates chosen to attend the state convention are Paul supporters . In the Colorado caucuses , Paul got only 12 percent of the vote , but 50 percent of the state delegates are Paul supporters .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
That 's what the Paul campaign claims , anyway .
“ Ultimately , the odds that Paul could get enough delegates to swing the national convention to a vote nominating them are nil . But the more delegates Paul controls , the more of an impact they can have on determining the GOP platform at the convention , ” writes Katrina Trinko at National Review Online .
CLARENCE , N.Y. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- 22nd Century Group , Inc. ( NYSE American : XXII ) , a plant biotechnology company focused on tobacco harm reduction and cannabis/hemp research , announced today the hiring of James E. Swauger , Ph.D. , as the Company 's Senior Vice President of Science and Regulatory Affairs . Dr. Swauger was previously the leader of the scientific and regulatory functions at Reynolds American Inc. ( “ Reynolds ” ) .
Dr. Swauger was employed for 23 years , from 1993 through 2016 , in various positions of significant scientific and regulatory responsibility with Reynolds . From 2008 through 2016 , while serving as the Vice President of Regulatory Oversight , Dr. Swauger managed the creation , submission and oversight of numerous scientific applications and regulatory filings with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( “ FDA ” ) and other federal , state , and local regulatory agencies . Dr. Swauger received their Doctorate Degree in Biochemical Toxicology from The Johns Hopkins University in 1990 and their Bachelor of Science Degree in Toxicology ( Magna cum laude ) from Northeastern University in 1985 .
Dr. Swauger 's primary responsibility at 22nd Century will be to lead and oversee the scientific and regulatory activities of the Company . They will spearhead the re-submission to the FDA of the Company 's Modified Risk Tobacco Product ( “ MRTP ” ) application for BRAND A Very Low Nicotine Content cigarettes , and will work in support of the FDA 's plan to mandate the reduction of the nicotine content of cigarettes to minimally or non-addictive levels . As previously reported , on July 28 , 2017 , the FDA announced its plan to mandate that all cigarettes sold in the United States contain Very Low Nicotine tobacco . With 95 % less nicotine than tobacco used in conventional cigarettes , 22nd Century 's Very Low Nicotine tobacco effectively demonstrates that the FDA 's nicotine targets are both technically achievable and realistic ; the Company 's proprietary tobacco has been used in more than $ 100 million in independent clinical studies funded by the FDA and other federal government agencies .
“ I am thrilled with the opportunity to join the 22nd Century team and I look forward to working with a company that is dedicated to reducing the harm caused by smoking , ” explained Dr. Swauger . “ It is clear that 22nd Century 's proprietary Very Low Nicotine technology is a leading driver in the tobacco harm reduction movement . With the potential to prevent millions of premature deaths and to save billions of dollars in healthcare costs , 22nd Century 's technology is a game-changer . ”
“ Dr . Swauger 's past successes – in both the tobacco and pharmaceutical businesses of a major tobacco company – are very impressive , ” explained Henry Sicignano , III , President and CEO of 22nd Century Group . “ I am confident that Dr. Swauger 's extensive regulatory and scientific leadership will prove invaluable to 22nd Century as we aggressively push forward our MRTP application for the world 's lowest nicotine tobacco cigarettes . ”
About 22nd Century Group , Inc .
22nd Century is a plant biotechnology company focused on genetic engineering and plant breeding which allows the increase or decrease of the level of nicotine in tobacco plants and the level of cannabinoids in cannabis plants . The Company 's primary mission in tobacco is to reduce the harm caused by smoking . The Company 's primary mission in cannabis is to develop proprietary hemp/cannabis strains for important new medicines and agricultural crops . Visit www.xxiicentury.com and www.botanicalgenetics.com for more information .
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements : This press release contains forward-looking information , including all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding the intent , belief or current expectations of 22nd Century Group , Inc. , its directors or its officers with respect to the contents of this press release , including but not limited to our future revenue expectations . The words “ may , ” “ would , ” “ will , ” “ expect , ” “ estimate , ” “ anticipate , ” “ believe , ” “ intend ” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements . We can not guarantee future results , levels of activity or performance . You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements , which speak only as of the date that they were made . These cautionary statements should be considered with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future . Except as required by applicable law , including the securities laws of the United States , we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to reflect actual results , later events or circumstances , or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events . You should carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , filed on March 8 , 2017 , including the section entitled “ Risk Factors , ” and our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business , financial condition , results of operation and cash flows . If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize , or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect , our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected .
In April , various different products and merchandise were announced to be made available for purchase later this year on the Japanese online store , 7net , for the 15th Anniversary of Kingdom Hearts . Now , even more merch has been announced to be coming to 7net for the Kingdom Hearts series ' 15th Anniversary . Key rings , necklaces , memo pads , smartphone stands , tumbler glasses , small plates , and stainless steel bottles will be made available for sale later this year .
The leather key rings are being manufactured by Nakagawa Corporation and will be available starting September 16 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
The gold and silver necklaces are manufactured by K.uno and will be available starting September 28 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
The A7 size memo pads are manufactured by Ingrem and will be available starting August 23 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
The smartphone stands are manufactured by Ingrem and will be available starting August 23 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
The pair of tumbler glasses comes in a wooden box , are manufactured by Maebata , and will be available starting August 23 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
The set of nine small plates comes in a box , are manufactured by Maebata , and will be available starting August 23 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
The stainless steel bottle is manufactured by Maebata , and will be available starting August 23 , 2017 . You can buy it here :
Thanks to @ aibo_ac7 on Twitter for the tips !
UPDATE 1 : Kingdom Hearts rings are being manufactured by K.uno , the manufacturer of the Kingdom Hearts necklaces mentioned above , as well . They will be available starting June 21 , 2017 . You can buy them here :
UPDATE 2 : A new photo of the Oathkeeper and Oblivion necklaces , as well as a new photo of the Kingdom Key and Kingdom Key D wedding rings , have been shown off by @ Tmkrose on Twitter . You can view the necklace photo in the necklace gallery above and you can view the wedding ring photo in the ring gallery above .
MOSCOW -- Russian President Vladimir Putin hailed the seizure of Crimea from Ukraine two years ago as a long-awaited moment of “ historic justice , ” while Western governments assailed Moscow over the annexation and Human Rights Watch described a “ pervasive climate of fear and repression ” on the peninsula .
On national television , Putin thanked Crimeans for what they termed their act of “ free will ” in backing the annexation in a referendum in March 2014 , which was widely seen as illegitimate by the international community and followed a military takeover of the Black Sea peninsula .
As Putin marked the anniversary with a trip to an island off Crimea , where they inspected building work on a massive bridge to Russia , the European Union decried Russia 's “ military buildup ” on the territory and called on more nations to impose sanctions on Moscow -- as the EU , the United States , and other Western countries have done .
A prominent Crimean Tatar leader likened Putin to Soviet dictator Josef Stalin , who deported the Crimean Tatar community en masse during World War II , and said they were visiting the scene of the crime .
EU foreign-policy chief Federica Mogherini expressed `` deep concern '' at the `` deterioration of the human rights situation '' in Crimea , where activists say the Muslim Tatar minority and others who opposed Russia 's takeover have faced discrimination , harassment , and violence .
`` The European Union remains committed to fully implementing its non-recognition policy , including through restrictive measures , '' the European Council , which represents EU governments , said in a statement . `` The EU calls again on UN member states to consider similar nonrecognition measures . ''
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) condemned what it called a `` pervasive climate of fear and repression '' that has gripped the peninsula , drawing attention to `` enforced disappearances , attacks and beatings of Crimean Tatar and pro-Ukraine activists and journalists . ''
In Moscow and other cities , the state organized numerous celebrations to mark the annexation of what Putin has called `` sacred '' Russian land -- part of a Kremlin narrative aimed at pushing aside protests from Kyiv and the West and instill pride in Russians .
WATCH : Crimean Tatar Leader : Putin Will Help 'Wake Up Russia Sooner '
State television showed thousands of Russians waving flags and singing along at a celebratory concert called “ We 're Together ” near the Kremlin to mark the annexation , which was widely supported in Russia but ruined ties with Ukraine and set off the most severe tension between Moscow and the West since the Cold War .
The crowd stretched hundreds of meters back along the bridge where opposition leader Boris Nemtsov , a strident critic of Putin 's interference in Ukraine , was shot dead in February 2015 .
Putin congratulated Russians on the annexation in a short clip broadcast on state-run Channel One that was also shown at the concert and met with cheers .
`` Without any exaggeration whatsoever , millions of people had waited for and thought about this historic justice . It happened thanks to the free will of Crimean and Sevastopol residents in a referendum two years ago . Now that we are together , we can do even more , '' said Putin .
But Russia has not delivered on many of the promises it made to Crimeans two years ago .
The State Duma , Russia 's lower parliament house , said it would work a half-day to allow lawmakers to attend the pop concert by the Kremlin . Ultranationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky 's LDPR party has called for March 18 -- the day a treaty was signed in 2014 that in the Kremlin 's eyes made Crimea part of Russia -- to be made an official national holiday .
Putin -- who at first denied sending troops to Crimea but later emphasized that they personally oversaw the operation to annex the peninsula -- traveled to Tuzla Island , which lies in the Kerch Strait between Crimea and southern Russia . They visited the site of part of a bridge Russia is building to Crimea , whose only existing connections to the mainland are with southern Ukraine .
According to the state-run news agency TASS , the bridge is slated to cost 212 billion rubles ( $ 3.1 billion ) -- about six times what Putin said on May 17 was the amount Russia had spent on its military operation in Syria since launching air strikes in September .
Putin has rejected international criticism of the annexation and has said the transition to Russian rule was smooth .
But HRW said that the `` space for free speech , freedom of association , and media in Crimea has shrunk dramatically '' since the takeover .
Crimea 's isolation has made it very difficult to conduct comprehensive human rights monitoring there , '' Hugh Williamson , Europe and Central Asia director for HRW , said in a statement . `` But serious human rights abuses in Crimea should not slip to the bottom of the international agenda . ''
Crimean Tatars made up about 12 percent of the peninsula 's population before the Russian takeover and largely opposed it , many of them boycotting the March 16 , 2014 , referendum in which Crimean residents were asked whether they wanted to join Russia .
Several Crimean Tatars have been abducted or disappeared , and the Mejlis -- the Crimean Tatars ' self-governing body -- has had its property in Crimea confiscated and may soon be `` banned '' by the Russian authorities who control the peninsula .
Speaking to RFE/RL 's Ukrainian Service on March 18 , Crimean Tatar leader Refat Chubarov said that Putin 's “ adventurous attack on Ukraine , ” their military campaign in Syria , and the “ harsh limitation of human rights ” in Russia will catch up with them sooner or later .
`` In the last two years , [ Putin ] always makes decisions which turn out really catastrophically for Russia itself , '' they said . `` I just think Putin will help us wake up Russian society sooner . ''
Russia moved to seize Crimea shortly after Ukraine 's president at the time , Viktor Yanukovych , was pushed from power by protesters angry over their decision to abandon plans for a landmark pact with the EU and forge closer ties with Moscow . Russia subsequently backed separatists who seized parts of eastern Ukraine , leading to a war that has killed more than 9,100 people .
Speaking to students in Prague on March 17 , Chubarov compared Putin to Stalin -- under whom the Crimean Tatar population was deported en masse to Central Asia during World War II , with many of them dying on the way or after arrival .
“ A criminal is always drawn to the scene of a crime , ” they said of Putin 's visit . “ The world already knew one paranoiac of the 20th century , and we all know how that ended . ”
With reporting by RFE/RL 's Ukrainian Service
When my marriage ended after eighteen years , I found myself tossed back into the dating pool . Not an easy task for a fortysomething female . To put it in the nicest terms possible , the relationships that followed were n't , um , noteworthy . The straw that broke this camel 's back was the boyfriend that lied about their entire life and got arrested for shoplifting just before Christmas . That 's when I decided to take my pathetic ass online to find a man .
Little did I know , online dating is n't as straight forward as it seems . Many lessons have been learned on this girl 's quest to find the perfect man . To make your life easier , I 'm going give you some online dating advice ; lessons I learned the hard way .
While You 're At The Dating Site
1 . Do n't lie ( or stretch the truth…too much )
Do n't create a profile in which you are more attractive , fun , successful and adventurous than you really are . Definitely do n't lie about your children or your age . Why ? Because if you find a man made of relationship material , you will eventually have to fess up .
Keeping lies dangling between you and your new guy is not a good way to begin a love connection . Lying is a big deal and some people take it very seriously . Even a small lie might seem big to someone who put their trust in you .
2 . You do n't have to respond to every message .
It 's chaotic . Even just saying , “ Hey thanks for the message , but I 'm not interested , ” becomes time consuming if you 're responding to a few men a day . Take your time and be choosy . When I receive messages in my inbox , I read the prospective date 's profile . If I 'm still interested after that , then I respond .
I also never respond to messages such as , “ Hi beautiful , ” “ Hey baby , ” other one liner , or date requests before a written exchange . My mantra : if you 've not read my profile , I 'll not respond . I ended up putting a disclaimer on my profile stating that I would not write back if I was not interested .
3 . Only instant message if you have no life .
I mean , it 's not an earth shattering mistake , but there are always people who have nothing better to do all day than send you messages . This is annoying . Also , something that starts out innocently enough may very quickly turn uncomfortable in a gross , repulsive , or perverted manner . Chatters can easily get butt hurt if you do n't immediately respond to them . Rather than taking chances that someone on the other end of that IM will actually be interesting , it 's just easier to disable instant messaging on all dating accounts .
4 . The block button : use it .
If you feel harassed , receive unsolicited disgusting message , ( yes , it happens ; some men are pigs ) or find yourself the obsession of a creep or clinger ( I explain this later ) , block them . That button is there for your safety and sanity . Also , do n't hesitate to report the admirer if they go above and beyond disturbing , scary , or perverse . The online dating scene would be better off without them .
5 . Do n't be judgy .
I suggest not using the “ yes ” “ no ” or “ maybe , ” aspect of any site ( unless you 're on Tinder , then you do n't have a choice . I loathe Tinder specifically for that reason ) . This feature has you judging a book by its cover , which I think is crappy . Think about it this way–do you want to be on the other end of that superficial assessment ?
6 . Do n't be a date hoarder .
What I mean is do n't set too many dates . This is a total noob move . You do not need to date all the men . You 're not in a race or competition . Take your time . I remember having four dates in one week and it was crazy-making . The men are n't going anywhere . Believe me . I 've seen some of the same men on these sites for more than three years , which seems pathetic , but many of them are just like you and me , kissing a lot of frogs until they find their prince ( ss ) . One at a time girls . One at a time .
7 . Be curious .
Get any misconceptions and/or dissimilarities out of the way by asking questions . If the guy does n't want to answer ? Red flag . I 've found the following important topics for discussion :
Children : For example , I will not date men with young children . If they say they have no children or they are all over eighteen , yet have a small child on their profile , question it . One man I was texting stated on their profile that all their children were over eighteen . When I found out they also had a five year old , I felt duped and told them so . So not cool . They became defensive . That relationship did n't work out so well . Knowing the kid situation in advance can save a lot of headaches .
Pets : Are you an animal lover ? Hater ? Do you have allergies ? If you answered yes to any of these questions , get the skinny on your date 's view on animals . If you hate pets or you have allergies , you probably do n't want to date a guy that sleeps with their dog . Just sayin ' .
Work : In my experience , many men on dating sites are extremely vague about their work situation . Sales could mean telemarketing . Self-employed could mean unemployed ( so could landscaper , painter and other odd jobs , or they could be totally legit ) . You get the picture .
Profile pics : How recent are their pictures ? Who are the children in the photos ? You wear a hat in all your photos , are you bald ? You 're not in any of your photos , is there a reason for that
Activities : If you 're a couch potato , you probably do n't want to be dating a gym zealot and vice versa . If you have that weird skin disease which does n't allow you to be in sunlight , you should probably stay away from a beach bum . Find out about hobbies and interests to see if they are compatible with yours , out of the question , or , well , deadly .
When your heart is on the line , you need answers . I think these are all valid questions .
If you make this questioning process sound more like genuine interest and less like the Spanish Inquisition , it should n't raise any red flags on their end about you being a crazy stalker person .
8 . Do n't get personal too soon .
Giving out personal information while messaging with someone is a bad idea . This includes your phone number . There 's no rush to move from messaging on the dating site to texting . Only give your number out when you 're comfortable with the person on the other end . Do n't let anyone pressure or bully you into it . Also , experience has proven that giving your number out is an invitation for some men to send a dick pic . If you 're into that kind of thing , enjoy . However , if you prefer that your cell phone stays free of uninvited stranger 's penises , you might want to take your time when sharing your number . Better safe than a phone full of dick .
9 . Never ever video chat .
I should have known better . I 'm not that naïve . A guy began video chatting me one night on Plenty of Fish . They were attractive and funny ; we were having a lovely conversation–until they excused themselves to leave the room . That 's when I found out that beyond the video frame they were buck naked . I was astonished and somewhat amused that they had the balls ( no pun intended ) to go there . I blocked him . I was there to meet guys , not watch porn .
Once You Make It On The Date
10 . Be involved , be organic .
Make sure you are an active participant in the first date planning process . Do n't take the chance of having to bungee jump if you 're afraid of heights , or death for that matter . Also , be yourself . If you love to eat , do n't starve yourself by ordering a side salad . Keep in mind , comfort is more important than style . Do n't wear stilettos if you prefer flip-flops or a dress if you prefer pants . You will look like an idiot if you are constantly adjusting your clothing or stumbling with every step you take .
11 . Let them down .
If you 're not feeling a connection , do both of you a favor and be honest . Thank them for the date , then tell them you 're just not that into them ( but nicer ) . Do n't ignore them forever hoping they go away . That 's hurtful and a waste of everyone 's time . And honestly , some men do n't get the hint .
12 . Sobriety is your friend .
Being a drunk hot mess is not a good idea on a first date . In fact , it 's pretty much embarrassing and repulsive . You 're also contributing to your own self demise , especially if you 're on a date with the kind of man mentioned in # 13 . Do n't let them take advantage of your drunk ass . Keep it clean . Keep the alcohol in moderation .
13 . No first date cuddle time .
Do n't go home with them on the first date under any circumstances . I did this under the guise of watching a movie . I felt comfortable doing so because we had talked a long time about everything and they seemed very sweet and genuine . Can you say gullible ?
Once we got into their house they pounced like a tiger in heat , which apparently was close to the truth since they said they had n't had sex in three years . Insanity . I informed them that under no circumstances would I be the one to break their losing streak . Then * poof * I was gone . Never again . Ladies , you need to realize and remember that some men are on those sites purely to get laid .
14 . No f * % cking on the first date .
I 'm not saying this is always a bad thing , I mean , it is 2015 . In my opinion , sex on the first online date is taboo . Stranger danger . You know next to nothing about the person across the table from you . They may be charming , attractive , funny and intelligent , but you have all the time in the world to screw him . If he 's into you , he 'll wait for it . Seriously , be classy . Keep your legs closed .
Post Date
15 . Screw the three day rule .
Meaning , if you like the guy , for God 's sake call or text . Do n't wait until three days have passed . That practice is immature , stupid , and archaic . In this day and age , with technology resulting in immediate gratification and shorter attention spans , nothing waits . Wait three days and you might miss your window of opportunity with your Mr . Right .
16 . Do n't be a clinger .
Do not follow your new man around like a puppy . Do not make them your everything . Never forsake your friends for a relationship . You will look pathetic and docile and your friends will drop one by one . Being clingy is n't cute , charming , or sweet . It 's pathetic and annoying . In fact , you could annoy yourself right out of that relationship .
17 . Never , ever grovel .
When a man breaks up with you ( or simply just is n't that into you ) , never beg for a second chance . I thankfully did not do this , but someone did it to me . If you get rejected , take it like a woman . Keep your chin up and back away from the man with your dignity intact . Groveling is a huge turn off and in all honestly , kind of creepy .
18 . Do not drink dial ( or text ) .
Yes , I made this mistake . Once . Painstakingly , it was with a guy that I really liked . I realized what I was doing , so continued to text in order to apologize and save face . Then I realized how many times I 'd texted , so I kept texting to explain that I really was n't a crazy person , which made me look like , you guessed it , a crazy person . Needless to say , they stopped seeing me .
It 's not easy to find Mr . Right , especially at a * cough * seasoned age . If this is your first time plunging into the online dating pool , I wish you every success . Making initial mistakes and then adjusting accordingly made my online dating experience significantly smoother . Not as many bad dates , no longer exposed to the pervs of the online dating world , and no more looking like an idiot . I have learned from my online dating mistakes , and I hope you can too .
Have you learned any hard lessons while dating online ? Do you have advice for others taking the plunge ? Feel free to share them in the comments . We need to stick together and help each other along this crazy adventure of finding Mr . Right .
If you 've got a Billy O'Neill pro anything—skate , wheel , frame , etc.—hold onto that shit because they wo n't be making anymore .
At the age of 30 , on Wednesday , Feb. 19 , 2014 , Billy “ Fish ” O'Neill announced via Facebook that they would be retiring from professional rollerblading .
After a lifetime of showing rollerblading how big gaps can be and how good you should make them look , the Staten Island Shredder is hanging up in pro boots for a life less complicated .
Earlier this week , Billy spent a little bit of their free time to answer a couple of questions .
‘ Respect the game '
BK : What does not being pro mean for you ?
Fish : Essentially it means I 'm not obligated to produce content , nor am I confined to using certain sponsors ' products .
BK : So you 're essentially going back to where you started…blading because you love it ?
Fish : Exactly .
BK : What brought about the decision ?
Fish : There were a lot of contributing factors . For one , I never wanted to be a pro that lingered after their prime . I never liked that . Another one is , at my age ( just turned 30 ) I felt for the first time ever that my commitment to professional blading was doing more harm to my personal life than good . But the main one is , my goals have changed as I aged and I want different things out of life . I felt like the only way to achieve these goals is to totally detach myself from the professional end of blading . I will always blade forever…it is a huge part of what defines me as a person , but I mentally needed some distance from the “ industry ” end of it .
BK : While not being pro , you 're still going to be part of CO and SSM ?
Fish : I 'm going to maintain my ownership at CO and I will still be involved over there , but other than that , I have no other commitments any longer .
BK : You still repping Shredweiser though , right ?
Fish : Shredweiser to me is just friends , so yea , all those guys are still my friends . Chris ( Dafick ) kills it , I really like the direction he 's going with everything .
BK : Word . So the big question : what are you up to next ?
Fish : Probably porn .
Honestly , I 'm not sure the answer to that . I will work . Try to get comfortable . Find a suitable mate . Hopefully reproduce . Grow up… I mean , I do n't have an exact plan on how to achieve that , but I got the hard part down… knowing what I want .
BK : Always good to know what you want . All those years bouncing around , traveling , and blading help in your decision to go for—for lack of a better word—a little stability ?
Fish : Totally man . I 've been a pirate since the day I was born . That 's all I knew how to be and in blading , I was rewarded for this behavior . I have Peter Pan syndrome . I did n't wan na grow up and I still do n't . I 've been fighting adulthood with everything in me for years . I had a long run and a great time . I know the pro blade life , inside and out… Now , I wan na know what the other side of life is like .
BK : If one of your kids wants to grow up and be a pro rollerblader , would you encourage or discourage it ?
Fish : I would encourage them to do anything that makes them happy . Period .
BK : What about gay rodeo clown ?
Fish : If it makes them happy , I 'd support it . Very dangerous career choice though , but if that 's what they want .
BK : So , while you search for your homestead , where you at now ?
Fish : I 'm back in NYC . Staten Island to be exact
BK : You think you 'll be there for a while ? Are you doing the Invite again ?
Fish : Yeah , I wan na stay here for a bit , I like it here . About the Invite , I want to do another… we 'll see
BK : Any parting thoughts ?
Fish : Maybe just some advice to young bladers from an old man… respect the game .
A Dual-Coasted Legend
Forged harder than the steel in the Empire State Building , Billy O'Neill is New York City 's Prodigal son , forever returning from the ashes of major injury to prove that skating has new areas to explore .
From birth on the Brooklyn Banks , Billy has always found a new challenge and never once convinced themselves it was n't worth the risk . Because of and with him , street skating has progressed to death-defying levels and reborn everyday at dawn after many late hours spent in celebration .
Of their skates , Billy is a philosopher , musician , and possesses the cunning charm bestowed to world travelers . Figured in with their athletic prowess , the man can only be classified under “ Enigma . ”
While gone from New York for a while , they were in Oakland with the rest of their Shredweiser family . If it was n't Oakland or New York , they traveled the world , making video sections that have been re-watched until the DVD is burned blank .
Even their last edit proved that pro or not , the Peter Pan syndrome will always bring them back and we 'll always learn something new every time they do .
I 'm really glad Billy and I had the opportunity to become friends . From holding the hash pipe for me while getting my “ Blade or Die ” tattoo while interviewing Bolino at the Shredweiser house to late-hour conversations about anything from philosophy to women .
In the end , Bill not only excelled at skating , but they knew how to make sure to have a good time . I think the decision will be good for him , allow them to ease up , and see what 's next for him . Whatever they choose , he 's destined to be damn good at it .
So long , and thanks for everything , Fish .
Blade or Die ,
— Brian Krans
P.S . — While Fish may be ready to settle down , I have some traveling to do to promote my writing . So I 'm bugging you guys , my sponsors , to fund it . The majority—75 % —is funded , but just like trying to eat an entire pizza yourself , the last quarter is always the hardest .
Check out the Kickstarter for my next novel , Assault Rifles & Pedophiles : An American Love Story .
Fish read my books . You should , too .
Who would say that they do n't know who Taylor Swift is ? All music lovers should have been familiar with that name . Yes , Taylor Swift can be considered as the biggest and most popular pop star in the whole world . Tickets have always been sold out pretty quickly when it comes to any of their concert . All people are looking forward to their world tour too , especially their latest world tour and latest album , 1989 . If you are interested in knowing their upcoming events , we have what you need to know here in Main Event Specials .
The Background
Did you know that they start their career when they were just teenager ? For the sake of breaking into the country music scene , they decided to move to Nashville . 14 year-old Taylor Swift has started working on the hit songs we still often hear nowadays , like “ Teardrops on My Guitar ” , etc . 16-year old Taylor Swift has begun performing in front of public . After the release of one hit album , they decided to do tours around the world . There are Fearless Tour in 2009-2010 , Speak Now World Tour in 2011-2012 , the Red Tour in 2013-2014 , and the 1989 World Tour in 2015 .
Did you know that # taylorswift has been writing songs since they were 5 ? Click to Tweet
Recommended Artist : One Direction tour details
Taylor Swift in Concert
Taylor Swift 's live shows have always been crowded and full-of-cheering show . Them shows have always been electrifying , wildly entertaining , and dynamic even up until now when they have turned 25 . They are a prodigy . This is what people have always thought of their talent as singer and songwriter . If you have seen even one performance of her , you will think the same . With their three albums sold over one million sales in the first week , they become the first female artist to reach such accomplishment . Let 's see their world tour concerts here . Fearless Tour 2009 - 2010
Taylor Swift 's world tour concert starts with Fearless Tour in 2009-2010 . Actually , even before their tour launch , they played several shows and dates in UK and Australia . In this debut tour , they performed up to 122 shows . 7 shows were done in Australia , 1 in Asia , 6 in Europe , and 108 in North America . The cities included are Evansville , London , Seattle , Twin Lakes , Columbus ( Ohio ) , Boston ( Massachusetts ) , Kansas City , NYC , Cleveland , Minneapolis , Sydney , Tampa , Denver , Houston , etc . Various venues were used for this tour . Among them , their concert in Los Angeles ( LA ) was held at Staples Center . Speak Now World Tour 2011 - 2012
After the success of their debut tour concert , they made another accomplishment in their Speak Now World Tour in 2011-2012 with 110 shows in total done around the world . 7 shows were done in Asia , 11 in Europe , 80 in North America , and 12 in Oceania . Here are some cities to mention . They are Singapore , Tokyo , New York , Indianapolis , Cleveland , St. Louis , Charlotte NC , Raleigh , Dallas TX , etc . Some cities are the same ones where Fearless Tour was held . It goes the same with the concert venue . In Pittsburgh , USA , this concert was held at the Heinz Field . Red Tour 2013 - 2014
In 2013-2014 , there was the Red Tour which was just as amazing as the previous tours . No , it was even greater than to Speak Now during the previous two years . In this concert , Taylor Swift played 86 shows ; 7 in Asia , 6 in Europe , 66 in North America , and 7 in Oceania . The cities chosen for their show are Newark , Miami , Atlanta , Cleveland , Washington DC , Pittsburgh , Philadelphia , Chicago , San Diego , Orlando , Sacramento , Portland , Tacoma , Berlin , Shanghai , Jakarta , Manila , etc . With that many cities the show was held , there is no telling how much are the exact gross earnings obtained . Hot Concert : Luke Bryan Concert Tickets
The 1989 Tour Dates
The latest world tour concert is very highly anticipated by many people nowadays . If the Red Tour is greater , the 1989 World Tour might even be the greatest . It has started since May 5 , 2015 and will end later on December 12 , 2015 . There will be 83 shows in total ; 6 in Asia , 8 in Europe , 63 in North America , and 6 in Oceania . If you want us to mention the city , here are some of them . They are Tokyo , concerts in Las Vegas , Baton Rouge , Detroit , Amsterdam , Dublin , Fargo , St. Paul , Des Moines , Brisbane , Louisville KY , Salt Lake City ( Utah ) , etc . Is there any Taylor Swift concert in Phoenix , Arizona then ? It seems that Taylor Swift tour this time wo n't be held there . Even so , they have announced there that there will still be two tour dates in Arizona . They will be on August 17-18 . Those two tour concerts will be held at Gila River Arena in Glendale , Arizona instead . How about the venue ? There is not that much change , but they are not always the same either . Taylor Swift concert tour in Detroit might be held in the Palace of Auburn Hills in their first debut concert tour , but this time it will be held in the Ford Field . Read also : Justin Bieber Tour 2016 article
Taylor Swift Tickets & Upcoming Events
UPDATED ! ! !
2017/07/25 : Wow ! Sorry I 've taken so long and been so quiet ( you should see my blog ! ) but ... life happens ! I 've uploaded the new version of the spool holder that is a single interchangeable piece , so you just print four of them and you 're good to go ! I put the old version in a zip for safekeeping so Thingiverse would n't auto-generate images for those objects anymore . I 'll be updating the assembly drawing soon !
Other changes made to the design : Went from inch to metric , so I rounded out the dimensions just a little . And I removed an unnecessary hole that was doing nothing but adding perimeter-printing time .
Previous Update
2017/02/01 : I 've been meaning to do this for a while , but I 've had a lot of projects going on , as part of my return to actively designing for Thingiverse , I 'm going to update my first ( And very popular ! ) Thing .
First and foremost , I 'm going to remake it in Fusion360 , because I 'm transitioning over from Inventor . But I 'm also going to incorporate the very common sense feature included in dara 's remix design ; namely , making a single part that can be used as A or B ... I do n't know how I did n't think of it , I handle lots of items designed like that every day ! Do n't worry though , that 'll be it , it 'll be basically identical , just without the need to print two different parts . These are still fantastically simple spool holders , and I still use mine !
Original Text :
This is a spool holder I designed out of necessity back in March , not long after I got my printer . I consider it to be the first 'real ' part I made . Print two sets of parts for one complete spool holder . You will need FOUR common 608 bearings , a.k.a . 'skate bearings ' .
It uses standard bearings that most Makers probably already have a drawer full of and that makes the spool rotate super-smooth . It 's also relatively fast-printing , and you can get away with printing it at as low a resolution as you 'd like to make it go faster . ( I 'd recommend not skimping on infill though . )
It should fit any spool , so long as the flange of the spool is n't thicker than the width of the bearing ... And out of 8 different spool types I have , I have n't found one that did n't fit . ( Even a mini spool was n't small enough to bottom-out between the bearings . )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama takes their re-election campaign to Colombia this weekend , using the Summit of the Americas as a platform to tout their trade record and convince millions of Hispanic voters back home they care about the region .
U.S. President Barack Obama listens during their meeting with Brazil President Dilma Rousseff in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington April 9 , 2012 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Spending time with leaders in Cartagena , Colombia , is a way for Obama to fight an impression they have neglected Latin America since taking office in 2009 to focus instead on hot spots like Afghanistan , Libya and the Middle East .
Obama needs the support of Latino voters to win key states like Arizona , Colorado and Florida in the November 6 vote . They will stop in Florida , whose large Hispanic population may be pivotal to their prospects , on the way to the summit on Friday to talk up trade opportunities with Latin America .
Though the Democratic president is polling well ahead of Republicans with Latino voters , many have been disappointed by their failure to deliver on a campaign promise for immigration reform and by record deportation numbers during their presidency .
The Obama administration 's push to deepen economic ties with Asia has further frustrated many Hispanics who would have liked the Obama White House to pay more attention to Latin America .
“ It makes it seem as if it does n't have a focus for the Americas , ” said Stephen Johnson of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington think tank .
The Colombia visit will be Obama 's fourth trip to Latin America as president . They will also go to Mexico in June for a Group of 20 leaders ' summit .
‘ UNIQUE ' RELATIONSHIP
In Cartagena , Obama is expected to come under pressure to lift Washington 's embargo on Cuba and rethink the war on drugs , both issues they are unlikely to delve into with their re-election campaign in full swing .
The president will seek instead to emphasize commercial ties that could sprout from U.S. trade deals with Colombia and Panama and potential energy projects with Brazil and elsewhere that could help boost hiring in the United States .
Senior White House aide Ben Rhodes said Obama would also stress the family and linguistic ties that connect the United States and Latin America on the three-day , two-night trip .
Past U.S. presidents have also visited Colombia but Obama will be the first to stay there overnight , a nod to improved security in the country that has made gains against drug and guerrilla violence .
Rhodes said that although Obama has focused a great deal of attention on “ trouble spots ” like Afghanistan , the president recognized “ there is a unique quality of the relationship we have with the Americas ” to build on .
Hispanics are the largest and fastest-growing minority in the United States , totaling more than 50 million people .
About 22 million are eligible to vote in November , when Obama is expected to face off against Mitt Romney , a Republican who took a hard line on immigration to compete in the primaries and who lags far behind in polls among Hispanic voters .
Latinos supported Obama , the first African-American U.S. president , by a two-to-one margin in 2008 , helping them beat Republican John McCain in closely fought states including Virginia , North Carolina and Nevada .
During their Friday stop at the port of Tampa - a gateway for U.S. exports to Mexico , Brazil and Argentina - Obama will lay out their election-year case for closer economic engagement with Latin America .
Christine Sierra , a professor of political science at the University of New Mexico , said the speech would help underline Obama 's message that increased trade can help the region prosper and also benefit U.S. businesses .
“ He is going to draw on the gateway to Latin America ( idea ) . He 's appealing to business interests , which can also include the conservative Republican Cuban-Americans , ” they said , saying “ Latinos are essential ” to ensuring a November win in Florida .
Although Obama has said the comprehensive immigration reforms they promised in 2008 would have to wait for a second term , they may use the Tampa stop to contrast their vision with that of Republicans who have called for tougher border security in their campaign appearances .
Romney , whose bid for the Republican nomination was basically secured when rival Rick Santorum quit the race this week , has said they support “ self-deportation ” of illegal immigrants rather than having the government round people up .
Cecilia Munoz , director of domestic policy at the White House , told a conference on Thursday that immigration reform was something Obama was committed to , blaming Congress for the lack of action on the issue Hispanics care deeply about .
“ It remains a priority for this president , ” they said .
The media wants to mainstream Kejriwal
But why ? If Kejriwal is reformed they wo n't win power on their own terms and seek to reform it – which , as we all know , was why AAP was born .
AJAZ ASHRAF dissects analyses of AAP 's performance
The media analyses of the Aam Aadmi Party 's poor performance in the municipal corporation elections of Delhi have offered two broad explanations . Almost all of them blame the party 's defeat on Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal for running what has been called a negative campaign , of being confrontationist and playing street politics , of whining against the Central government for stonewalling their attempts to provide governance , and for constantly launching sallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
But these analyses also credit the victory of the Bharatiya Janata Party to the overwhelming popularity of Modi , whose stature is said to have grown after they spearheaded the party 's sweep of Uttar Pradesh in the February-March Assembly elections . There was , as so many media reports aver , a veritable Modi wave in Delhi , whose voters washed up , so to speak , on the saffron shore .
This is indeed what a wave always does , figuratively and literally . A wave is a wave only because it is inexorable and unstoppable until it crashes on the shore with a splash . This definition reduces to irrelevance the negative campaign Kejriwal is said to have run . It also means even if Kejriwal had been the country 's best behaved politician , or the most quiescent , the Modi wave would have anyway swept away AAP .
`` This definition reduces to irrelevance the negative campaign Kejriwal is said to have run . ''
Perhaps these political pundits believe Kejriwal could have triggered a wave of their own had they not been so negative , so combative . Therefore , the question : Does one leader 's follies build a wave for another who did n't even campaign in the municipal elections ? Quite astonishingly , the media 's answer is yes .
Keeping aside the debate on how waves are created , it is pertinent to examine the subtext of the media analyses which harp on the negativity of Kejriwal as the factor in AAP 's defeat . The authors of these analyses seem to have a secret desire to tame Kejriwal , compel them to subscribe to the dominant political culture , and turn them into a mainstream politician who adheres to the rules of the game and recognises the hierarchy that power invariably spawns .
For instance , The Times of India in its edit , Delhi Lessons , notes gravely , “ Where AAP seems to have lost the plot is in pursuing relentlessly negative campaigns . The party is yet to evolve out of its anti-establishment roots . ”
The edit does not spell out what these negative campaigns are , but presumably the charge relates to AAP bristling against the Modi government and its representative , the Lieutenant Governor , for nixing or impeding every scheme it conceives and filing seemingly dubious cases against its members . It then cautions AAP not to be anti-establishment .
So who is Establishment ? Presumably , one who is powerful and against whom it is advisable not to speak . These are the Times of India should know well . When Modi chose to become a party-pooper by pulling out of this year 's Economic Times Global Business Summit , nobody believed that “ security concerns ” was the reason for their withdrawal . Some speculated that Modi pulled out because they and the BJP were miffed at what they thought were biased reporting by the Economic Times on the Uttar Pradesh election campaign . Others thought they were angry because the Times Group managing director , Vineet Jain , had been critical of demonetisation in their tweets .
The TOI chose to keep its counsel , stomaching the humiliation it was subjected to , and as some would say , wisely so . In other words , anti-establishment implies voicing hurt and anger against the excesses and injustices of the powerful . Despite all its faults , it is indeed true that AAP has been experiencing the excesses of the powerful from the time it vanquished the BJP in 2015 . Is it then Kejriwal 's fault to complain that they and their party have n't been allowed to carry out constitutionally mandated responsibilities ?
What the TOI has implicitly suggested is explicitly endorsed by the Hindustan Times in its editorial , Now 's the time for BJP to deliver . “ A quick scan of the social media shows that people think Mr. Kejriwal should give up their politics of victimhood and political streetfighting. ” Apart from the sheer inanity of mistaking social media users for “ people ” at large , the HT too wishes Kejriwal to accept their victimisation and give up street politics , which is precisely what the Congress has done with disastrous consequences .
`` Is 'streetfighting ' the business of only the Opposition ? ''
Is “ streetfighting ” the business of only the Opposition ? By that token the BJP , ruling at the Centre and in many states as well , should be taken to task for allowing its other siblings of the Sangh Parivar to beat up , even kill , those who ferry cattle on the suspicion they are all headed to slaughterhouses . And if AAP ca n't complain and take to streets because it governs Delhi , then , by the same yardstick , the BJP workers should not barricade Kejriwal on the ground that their party rules all over India , because of which it has the powers to steamroll their party 's decisions .
A seemingly more nuanced analysis of the contradiction between those who possess power and still rail against the system is provided by HT 's DK Singh . They write , “ …One ca n't be a chief minister , a pivot of power , and an anti-system sloganeer , too . Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi tried it out long before the former income tax officer-turned-politician did , but such oxymorons make ordinary citizens only confused and skeptical . ”
Singh forgets that Gandhi spoke against the system at the time the Congress was ruling the Centre . Then again , Gandhi represents the fourth generation of their family in politics post-Independence . They have been undoubtedly a beneficiary of the Indian political system . By contrast , Kejriwal is a first-generation entrant who has made their mark through activism , not out of political inheritance .
But to think a politician relinquishes their right to criticise a superior authority as soon as they or they become chief minister is to ignore the emerging trends of Indian politics . Self-avowedly , the BJP wants to govern from Panchayat to Parliament . This is indeed a legitimate quest .
But what is not the manner in which seeks to achieve it , using the Central Bureau of Investigation to target leaders in states going to polls and filing cases on flimsy grounds against rivals . Worse , communal polarisation is resorted to on the eve of every election , or the debate on nationalism is triggered through a crafted event , often involving violence . The concoction of religion and nationalism is a poisonous brew against which no antidote has been found .
`` Is it then a grave error on Kejriwal 's part to rail against those who represent the system and also seek to undermine it ? ''
From this perspective , India 's federal structure is imperiled . Is it then a grave error on Kejriwal 's part to rail against those who represent the system and also seek to undermine it ? However , to many , it does seem so as Kejriwal demands justice not on bended knees but as a matter of right .
This is perhaps why Chetan Chauhan in an otherwise sympathetic piece in HT suggests to Kejriwal thus : “ The Modi government has shown it will not oppose good governance moves . The AAP should seek its support more often. ” And pray , why ? So that people of Delhi do not suffer and Kejriwal can demonstrate to people that they have “ a more constructive outlook . ”
Obviously , it is not the media 's concern that the Modi government 's barely concealed quest to destroy AAP compounds Delhi 's problems . It has been ingrained in us journalists to be respectful to the hierarchy of power . We meekly obey our department heads who do n't defy editor who , in turn , do n't flout the dictat of their owners . The last rarely ever happens because the editors before they are given their prestigious posts are often handed a list of people who ca n't be criticised .
It is also very middle class , of which journalists too are members , to hanker after its own definition of stability . This is evident in the reading of columnist Santosh Desai 's analysis of AAP 's defeat . In their TOI piece , This is n't a vote for BJP , it 's a vote against AAP , Desai writes , “ Kejriwal communicates an air of permanent instability and a constant desire to be somewhere else doing something else more rewarding . ”
Does the “ air of permanent instability ” arise simply from Kejriwal 's protests against the Modi government , or is latter to be blamed for deploying its superior power to harass AAP ? Once again , Kejriwal 's fault seems to be their refusal to become a supplicant in the court of Power . But what is even more astonishing is that Desai sketches the outline of the confrontation between AAP and the BJP in the future without commenting on its ethics .
Desai writes , “ The script from here on can be read in advance – more pressure from the Centre , more intensified and negative media coverage , cracks within the party with a significant number defecting to BJP , perhaps even outright dismissal on some ground or the other. ” Should Desai 's Dystopic imagination come true , they are likely to argue that Kejriwal had it coming .
After all , we have been taught that the powerful are supposed to lay down rules , harass citizens , deny them their rights at their whimsy , and are permitted to crush the recalcitrant in the political realm , regardless of the legitimacy of the means to do so . It is possible our wish to reform and mainstream Kejriwal has as its drive our own acute discomfort in not speaking “ truth to power. ” And because we do n't , we feel indicted when others do .
If Kejriwal is mainstreamed and reformed , they might win the media over and , subsequently , electoral battles as well . But in that case they wo n't win power on their own terms and seek to reform it – which , as we all know , was why AAP was born .
( Ajaz Ashraf is a journalist in Delhi . Their novel , The Hour Before Dawn , has as its backdrop the demolition of the Babri Masjid . It is available in bookstores . )
In a statement released early this morning , Dan “ Switcher ” LaRue ( above ) , the Hollywood public relations powerhouse responsible for last December 's Duck Dynasty “ controversy , ” confirmed what industry insiders have been saying for days : that they are the man behind relief organization World Vision 's recent grabbing of national headlines .
“ World Vision came to me about a month ago , ” said LaRue in their statement . “ They knew the work I 'd done for A & E 's hit television show Duck Dynasty . Remember that ? First Phil Robertson was fired—and then they are n't fired ? Jesus tap-dancing on Good Morning America would n't have generated so much publicity .
“ So of course World Vision wanted some of that same action for themselves . Who can blame them ? Not me !
“ I saw right away that not only could I do for World Vision what I did for Duck Dynasty , I could do it using the exact same gimmick : the gays . Think of Christianity , and what 's the first thing that pops into your mind ? The gays ! ‘ The gays are ruining America ! The gays want our children ! The gays hate Jesus ! '
“ I had World Vision 's entire media strategy figured out in about twenty minutes . They announce they 've changed their anti-gay policy ; they sit back and watch the media fires roar ; they fan those flames just slightly with pictures of starving children ; and the moment the fires begin dying out—boom ! They change their mind ! They 're back to hating the gays !
“ As we all know , the plan worked like a charm . How could it not ? It 's like shooting ducks in a barrel .
“ And this will hardly be the last time we 'll see this . There 's just too much money to be made pitting anti-gay Christians against pro-gay Christians . I hope neither side in that fight wins . I hope they fight forever . Because then guys like me will keep getting richer and richer . ”
When prominent Australian investigative journalist Margo Kingston heard Tony Abbott say the AWU slush fund issue was all about Julia Gillard 's character , they could n't have been more surprised .
A QUESTION of character ?
My mouth fell open when I heard Abbott 's final flourish in Thursday 's speech denouncing Gillard as unfit for office . I remembered , suddenly , vividly , Tony Abbott 's very own slush fund . Could they too have forgotten ?
It 's ancient history now , Abbott 's slush fund ― but less ancient than the slush fund now in the news . And there are many unanswered questions about it , and him .
In 1998 , Abbott privately agreed to bankroll Terry Sharples , a disaffected One Nation member , to take legal action against Pauline Hanson .
Less than 2 weeks later , they categorically denied to the ABC that they had done so , and 18 months later they repeated the lie , this time to the Sydney Morning Herald 's Deborah Snow . But when they
confronted them with their signed personal guarantee , they said that :
‘ …misleading the ABC is not quite the same as misleading the Parliament as a political crime ' .
They then created a slush fund they called Australians for Honest Politics and raised $ 100,000 for it from 12 people they declined to name . The fund began bankrolling more court actions against Hanson and their party .
And there it rested , their lies largely unknown to the public , until court proceedings by Sharples he 'd helped kick-start finally resulted in them being jailed .
The overwhelming majority of Australians , like them or hate her , hated that , blamed Abbott for setting the legal wheels in motion , and wanted to know the details .
In a famous interview , Kerry O'Brien demolished Abbott 's facade of misunderstood nice and proved to a much bigger audience that they were a serial liar .
But there 's more !
The Sydney Morning Herald 's Mike Seccombe then reported that , in 1998 , the Australian Electoral Commission asked Abbott to disclose their donors , as required by law .
They refused , telling the Commission that before seeking donations :
‘ I spoke with one of Australia 's leading electoral lawyers who assured me that the trust would not be covered by disclosure provisions . 'The AEC took them at their word and closed the file until forced to reopen it in 2003 .
Abbott had lied again !
When I asked them on September 2003 why they took legal advice on secrecy before soliciting for donations , they said :
‘ I did n't take legal advice on disclosure till after I got the AEC 's letter . I sought legal advice and got oral advice from a senior lawyer . '
In other words , they lied to the AEC .
Some would say that amounts to a criminal act under Section 137.1 of the Commonwealth Criminal Code ( 1992 ) : the crime of providing materially false or misleading information in compliance with a law of the Commonwealth .
Me , I 'd give them the benefit of the doubt .
Except that in a later written statement to me , Abbott revealed that their lawyers had not even been briefed with the Trust document before giving advice , and refused to even name the lawyer . Not only that , they told me they would n't disclose the donors because
‘ ….there are some things the public has no particular right to know . '
Much later , the Electoral Commission decided that Abbott did have an obligation to disclose their donors . Unfortunately , by this time , they could not legally compel Abbott to do so , because the Statute of Limitations has expired . So they asked them nicely . But they refused .
So , there 's still unanswered questions ― and it 's a question of character , is n't it . So let 's get this sorted ?
There are questions of character over the PM and the alternative , both concerning slush funds .
They say she 's done nothing wrong ― apart from being used by their boyfriend .
They say they might be a criminal , no less .
Like many others , I have n't followed this story in detail , so I listened hard to their speeches on Thursday .
I couldn ‘ t see anything really bad in their allegations ; they did n't show they were party to the Wilson fraud or had lied about their involvement . But , for me , they made the mistake of assuming their audience knew the detail . They needed to state simply what happened , hard though this must be , when their personal life is involved and , let 's be honest , she 's been made a fool of by a lover .
Too much lawyer talk , not enough human talk , I thought .
Still , I believe them I believe they were sloppy , but innocent .
If that 's true , then they have two choices now that Abbott has accused them of being a criminal .
They could sue ― or , they could write to Abbott along the following lines .
I will call an inquiry into my involvement in and public statements about in the AWU slush fund ― if you will consent to the same inquiry examining your involvement in and public statements about the Australians for Honest Politics slush fund .
They are both very old . They are both about character . And how Tony Abbott might react would say a lot about their character .
All the relevant material in the ‘ Abbott fund ' archive of the Sydney Morning Herald 's Webdiary may be found by clicking here . A detailed timeline of the Abbott fund and subsequent communications between Abbott and I are in Chapters 15 and 16 of ‘ Not Happy , John ' ( Penguin 2004 , 2007 )
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Fish & Wildlife - Region 5
BILLINGS — South central Montana is experiencing a widespread outbreak of hemorrhagic diseases that are killing white-tailed deer , antelope and possibly elk .
Montana Fish , Wildlife and Parks wildlife biologists say the naturally occurring diseases are more widespread than they have seen before , but are not particularly intense in any one area .
Bluetongue disease has been confirmed in both an antelope and a white-tailed deer in the area between Hardin and Custer . FWP has fielded reports of dead elk in that area , but have not been able to collect a carcass that is fresh enough to test . Biologists also suspect that epizootic hemorrhagic disease , or EHD , may be responsible for some white-tailed deer deaths .
Reports of dead white-tailed deer and antelope are widespread across the region , including further west and south than have been seen before . Biologists have fielded reports of dead animals along the Yellowstone River as far upstream as Springdale , along Rock Creek as high as Boyd , along the Stillwater River to Absarokee and along the Clarks Fork of the Yellowstone to the Wyoming state line .
Bluetongue and EHD generally infect less than a quarter of local deer and antelope populations . Biologists do not know how many animals have died from hemorrhagic diseases this fall in south central Montana . But they do not believe the mortalities are intense in any particular area .
Both EHD and bluetongue are naturally occurring viruses spread by tiny biting midges . The virus causes bleeding that kills the infected animal within a day or two . Dead animals frequently are found near water , where they go to alleviate a high fever caused by the disease .
Symptoms of EHD and bluetongue are identical , so laboratory tests on tissue from fresh carcasses are needed to differentiate between them .
The biting midges , also called sand gnats or no-see-ums , reproduce in wet sand or mud . Their numbers peak from mid-August through October , which accounts for the season appearance of hemorrhagic diseases . The first frost of the fall stops the midges and brings a sudden end to outbreaks of bluetongue and EHD .
Other parts of Montana , including the eastern half of the state and the Missoula Valley , have reported outbreaks of EHD this late summer .
Humans are not at risk of contracting the disease by handling or eating deer or antelope or being bitten by midges . Animals that develop infections secondary to the hemorrhagic diseases may not be suitable for consumption , however .
A brochure of additional scientific information about hemorrhagic diseases is available online from the Southeastern Cooperative Wildlife Disease Study .
ISLAMABAD : Members of the Supreme Court bench hearing the Panamagate case on Friday expressed divergent opinions over which side shouldered the burden of proof . While Justice Asif Saeed Khosa — who heads the five-judge bench — wanted the onus to prove innocence to rest on Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's family , two other members of the bench differed .
During the hearing of Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf and Jamaat-i-Islami petitions seeking the disqualification of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , Justice Khosa effectively came to the PTI 's rescue when they referred to the 2006 trust deed , declaring Maryam Nawaz Safdar the trustee of their brother Hussain Nawaz , and observed that the onus to prove innocence had shifted to the respondents , i.e . the prime minister 's family .
The observation came when PTI counsel Naeem Bokhari cited a number of communications , such as the June 12 , 2012 letter from the British Virgin Islands ' Financial Investigation Agency ( FIA ) to Mossack Fonseca Money Laundering Reporting Officer J. Nizbeth Maduro , raising queries about Nescoll Limited and Nielson Enterprises Limited — the companies that owned the four London flats .
Justice Khosa says Sharifs should prove their innocence ; Justice Azmat and Justice Ejaz want PTI to furnish more evidence
The counsel also referred to Mossack Fonseca 's June 2012 response , acknowledging that Nielson and Nescoll were owned by the same beneficial owner , Maryam , and that family 's business spread over 60 years was the source of their wealth . The counsel also provided acknowledgement of the Samba Financial Group , Jeddah , certifying that Maryam was one of their valued customers since 2002 , while highlighting that Maryam did not have the resources to buy the London flats .
They allegedly acted as a tool to launder money for their father , of whom they were a dependant , and received gifts from father and brother , they argued .
Also read : Supreme Court focus remains on Maryam Nawaz 's expenditures
So many questions needed to be answered since a strong connection between Maryam Nawaz , Samba Group and Minerva Financial Services Ltd had emerged , Justice Khosa observed , wondering whether the court should utilise the services of forensic investigators to match Maryam Nawaz 's signatures in the trust deed and other documents .
But Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed dissented , observing that the real issues that needed attention were the questions : whether the trust deed was an admitted , valid and effective document ; whether the two children were obliged to disclose the deed under UK laws ; and under what capacity Maryam was declared the trustee or the owner of these companies .
It is for you ( the petitioner ) to tell the court what are the principles of benami , the judge said , pointing towards Mr Bokhari , asking whether they wanted the court to lay down a judgement that all gifts such the ones received by Maryam from their father and brother at different points of time were benami .
“ Do not burden us to look at the law , ” the judge observed , adding that they still were at “ square one ” .
But Justice Khosa referred to Article 122 of the Qanoon-e-Shahadat 1984 , which suggests that the burden of proving a fact rested upon the person who had the knowledge of that fact , adding that it was always difficult to acquire documents regarding offshore investments .
The judge then cited Article 161 of the same law to emphasise that the law vested powers on any judge to pose questions or order the production of any documents to discuss proper proof .
It is for the defendants to produce documents to show how they acquired these offshore companies , as well as the money trail to buy the four London flats , Justice Khosa reiterated .
“ Are we recording evidence ? ” , was the observation from Justice Saeed . “ Why not then frame charges ? ” Justice Khosa observed .
“ If we start recording evidence , then you will boycott [ these proceedings ] , ” Justice Saeed observed in a lighter vein , pointing towards Naeem Bokhari .
“ Is it too much to ask for documents ? ” was Justice Khosa 's retort .
Justice Azmat also regretted that the defendants had not filed the required documents , adding that in order to refute the evidence filed by the petitioner , they would have to bring documents to support their claims .
Justice Azmat Saeed intervened , saying that the matter would end if the defendants put the relevant documents , explaining how Mariam became the beneficial owner of the London flats , on the court 's record .
At this point , another member of the bench , Justice Ejaz Afzal Khan , referred to Article 13 of the Constitution , which provides protection to the accused from bringing any witness or evidence against himself , adding that the Supreme Court was neither a trial court , nor was it seized with a civil case or inquiry at the moment .
“ You ( the petitioner ) have to satisfy us about the authenticity of the documents you have presented before the court , ” Justice Khan observed , adding that at this stage , it was too early to consider these documents .
Justice Saeed also reminded the PTI counsel “ not go to this territory ” since the communications they were referring to were “ not sent or received by you ” and the documents were “ mere photocopies ” .
“ You [ can not only ] rely on the Qanoon-e-Shahadat and throw away the rest of the law and the Constitution , ” they said .
“ We are trying to find out the truth , ” Justice Khosa then intervened , citing the relevant Supreme Court rules . They emphasised that the court enjoyed ample authority to order the production of any evidence necessary .
“ Perhaps the stage when the party is required to produce the evidence has not come , ” Justice Khan observed , adding that they would have recourse under Article 161 of the Qanoon-e-Shahadat .
“ Place all your cards on the table , so that we can look at them , ” was Justice Khan 's observation .
Justice Ijazul Ahsan also observed that the petitioner had not provided any document to prove ownership of the flats prior to 2006 . But Mr Bokhari kept repeating that it was for the defendants to provide these .
On Friday , PTI also submitted the transcript of an interview of Haroon Pasha – the Sharif 's financial adviser – where they had claimed that all the records and documents about financial transactions had been provided to their lawyer .
Meanwhile , Advocate Shahid Hamid — representing Maryam , Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and Capt Safdar — told Dawn that they may on Monday submit a supplementary reply on behalf of Mariam to rebut the allegations that surfaced during the course of the hearing .
Published in Dawn , January 7th , 2017
Buffy The Vampire Slayer was one of the biggest cult hits ever ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
Buffy The Vampire Slayer first aired on television on this day in 1997 .
Yes , it 's a whole 18 years since Sarah Michelle Gellar first picked up a stake and Buffy Summers began ridding Sunnydale of those pesky vampire fiends .
The supernatural drama ran for a total of seven seasons , ultimately becoming one of the biggest cult shows ever .
More than 10 years after the Scooby Gang left our screens , we 're still talking about the characters and storylines that made Buffy so great .
Here are just some of the reasons the show has endured .
It balanced fighting evil with high school drama
Buffy managed to perfectly balance the trials and tribulations of high school with the challenges of trying to prevent the end of the world on a daily basis . Despite the abundance of supernatural goings-on , we could still relate to Buffy and the gang .
Buffy = awesome ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
It had a strong female character at the helm
Advertisement
Advertisement
It 's depressing that this should be notable , but Buffy was one of the few major TV shows around that centred on a strong female character . And as hero goes , Buffy is still one of the most kick-ass female leads on television ever .
And the rest of the cast was pretty amazing too
Nicholas Brendon , Alyson Hannigan , Anthony Head , David Boreanaz , James Marsters… the core cast of Buffy was perfect . Could you imagine anyone else in those roles ? Latecomers were just as strong , with Eliza Dushku 's Faith one of the best additions to the cast . We 're still sad that Faith The Vampire Slayer spin-off never happened .
MORE : You were nobody if you did n't have one of these hairstyles in the nineties
It was genuinely scary
Like , absolutely terrifying . From the monster you could only see if you were ill to Nathan Fillion 's evil priest Caleb , Buffy always had plenty to have us hiding behind the sofa .
But funny too
The show could have easily descended into pure horror territory , but its sense of humour provided the perfect counter-balance to Buffy 's darker moments .
There were some truly shocking moments
Buffy had the ability to rock you to the core , dropping shocking moments when you were least expecting them . Tara 's death is arguable the most shocking of all , with Willow 's grief and rage transforming them into a terrifying killer fuelled by dark magic . There were plenty of other moments that made us gasp too , from Jenny Calendar 's murder at the hands of Angelus to the gruesome moment Caleb carved out Xander 's eye .
Advertisement
Advertisement
And the show had the ability to pack an emotional punch
The series ' ability to deftly juggle humour and horror also meant the emotional moments really hit you in the gut . We 've already mentioned the death of Tara , but evil Willow 's breakdown and return to ‘ normality ' was another moment that had us reaching for the tissues . When Buffy was crowned class protector , Buffy 's death , resurrected Buffy 's revelation that they were in heaven…
And most notably…
THE BODY
Who would have thought that one of the most powerful depictions of grief on television would come from a show about vampires ? The season five episode was low on supernatural drama , focusing entirely on the aftermath of the sudden death of Buffy 's mum . The result is not just one of the best episodes of Buffy , it 's one of the best episodes of any TV show .
The musical episode was a work of genius
Even the cast admitted they were sceptical about an all-musical episode , so plenty of fans were concerned Buffy might have jumped the shark with Once More With Feeling . Thankfully , Joss Whedon 's genius was such the episode ended up being one of the show 's best .
As was the near-silent episode
Again proving that Buffy was often at its best when trying something new , season four 's Hush was another classic . Eschewing the classic Whedon dialogue that had often been so highly praised , most of the episode was entirely silent . The risk paid off , creating a brilliant terrifying episode which bagged an Emmy nomination in the process .
Absolutely terrifying ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
MORE : 19 women every 90s schoolgirl wanted to be when they grew up
Advertisement
We loved Willow and Oz
The show excelled at creating romances we were rooting for , with Willow and Oz one of our favourites . We loved guitar-playing werewolf Oz , and we loved Willow and Oz even more .
Then we loved Willow and Tara
Given how invested we were in Willow and Oz , it was to the show 's credit that we ended up rooting for Willow and Tara even more . Having a character previously thought of as straight entering a lesbian relationship could have easily come off as gimmicky , but it was a beautifully played romance that we believed in . R.I.P Tara
Angel was the greatest love interest-turned-villain-turned-love interest ever
Relationships during high school are complicated , relationships between vampire slayers and vampires even more so . Their on/off romance with Buffy – and their descent into evil as Angelus – was at the core of the show , until Whedon realised David Boreanaz was good enough to warrant their own show and Angel scuttled off to LA .
Buffy and Angel forever ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
But we also loved Spike too
It 's fair to say Spike had the biggest ‘ journey ' of anyone on the show . They started off as the recurring villain we loved to hate , became Buffy 's sex plaything ( who can forget when their angry sex resulted in a house falling down ? ) then ended up sacrificing themselves to save the world .
Classic Spike and Buffy ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
We all wanted Giles as our mentor
Giles guided Buffy in their role as their Watcher , but acted more like a general father figure for the entire Scooby Gang . They proved their love for them repeatedly , and ended up getting fired for caring too much .
We all loved Giles ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
And we all wanted to join the Scooby Gang
Advertisement
They might not have been the coolest bunch at Sunnydale High , but we 'd choose the Scooby Gang over the popular crowd any day of the week . Fiercely loyal to each other , the friendship between Buffy and the gang formed the backbone of the show .
Do n't even pretend you did n't want to be in the Scooby Gang ( Picture : Rex/20th Century Fox )
The show managed to convincingly add in a new family member five seasons in
While we were initially a little confused when Harriet The Spy suddenly rocked up in Sunnydale , Michelle Trachtenberg managed to pull off being inserted into the Summers clan five seasons in .
Dawn Summers was a late addition to the show ( Picture : 20th Century Fox )
And the series looks set to stand the test of time
With its strong female lead , engaging storylines and believable characters , Buffy The Vampire Slayer still stands up to repeat viewings 18 years after it first aired on television . One of the best television shows ever ?
MORE : Life was harder in the 90s : 19 things that kids today could n't handle
MORE : 17 beauty products we refused to go out without in the nineties
All You Need is Hate : Alyssa Milano Bars Ted Cruz From Twitter ‘ Group Hug '
Liberal activist and actor Alyssa Milano , who vigorously campaigned for losing Democratic Party candidates Jon Ossoff and Rob Quist in 2017 special elections , excluded Sen. Ted Cruz from a cyber group hug on Twitter Thursday afternoon .
Milano came to fame as a child star in the hit 1980s TV show “ Who 's the Boss ” and later co-starred in the hit TV show “ Charmed. ” Milano 's acting career has not caught fire since Charmed ended its eight-year run in 2006 .
Alyssa Milano , image via Charmed Wiki .
Milano had posted their ‘ group hug ' tweet Tuesday night minutes after retweeting a report that Ossoff had lost their Georgia Congressional race to Republican Karen Handel , writing , “ GROUP HUG , get in . ”
NBC News projects Karen Handel wins the Georgia special election . — Kyle Griffin ( @ kylegriffin1 ) June 21 , 2017
~GROUPHUG~
get in . — Alyssa Milano ( @ Alyssa_Milano ) June 21 , 2017
Ted Cruz responded at 1:55 p.m. EDT Thursday , tweeting , “ We all need a hug ! ”
We all need a hug ! 😉 https : //t.co/I9vZChpRTw — Ted Cruz ( @ tedcruz ) June 22 , 2017
Milano tweeted right back at 2:04 p.m. , “ Not you , Ted Cruz . You 're not invited . ”
Such is the state of liberalism in 2017 : In six months liberals have gone from ‘ Punch a Nazi ' to ‘ Behead President Trump ' , ‘ Shoot a Congressman ' and now they 'll even deny the human comfort of a hug to Ted Cruz . For liberals , “ all you need is love ” has been replaced with “ all you need is hate. ” Sad .
( Note : Milano is not the first Charmed alum to go after Cruz on Twitter . In 2015 Rose McGowan attacked Cruz over a fake meme , writing , “ You are blight on the soul of humanity . Get off of my planet… ” )
Ed McHale ( r. ) , a telecom manager from Jefferson Park , won the Chicago Fire Department Chili Cook-Off . The victory came a distant second to their wife 's big win last week . Doctors told Dorothy McHale that they are cancer-free . View Full Caption DNAinfo/ Mark Konkol
NORWOOD PARK — Each judge was warned Sunday : The Chicago Fire Department chili cook-off is serious business .
Actor David Eigenberg , the guy who plays “ Herrmann ” on NBC 's `` Chicago Fire , '' seemed a little worried .
“ If we slam someone 's chili and they take offense , do you have our backs ? ” they asked .
Chili Cook-Off organizer Steve Bezazian answered them with a shrug and silence .
And that made it perfectly clear that the panel of chili-tasting judges — Eigenberg and their `` Chicago Fire '' co-stars Joe Minoso ( Joe Cruz ) and Yuri Sardarov ( Otis ) , Chicago City Clerk Susana Mendoza , Chicago Fire Department Deputy Chief Mark Neilson and I— would have to make tough decisions and live with the consequences .
Mark Konkol chatted with the Chicago Fire actors about their favorite neighborhoods in Chicago :
So after tasting 21 chili recipes — a wide range of meats ( brisket , venison , shredded pork , ground beef and sausage ) , plenty of beans ( black , kidney and pinto ) and fiery bits of habanero , serrano and jalapeno peppers — I ordered up a last taste of my top picks just to make sure I could live with my final decision .
And my second spoonful of chili No . 7 — delightfully sweet and smoky with a real kick — inspired me to throw in a few extra points in praise of that particular recipe 's color , aroma , consistency , taste and aftertaste .
And in the end , Ol ' No . 7 was the big winner … by a single point .
And get this , the victor , Ed McHale , is n't even a firefighter .
“ I 'm a telecom manager , ” the 51 year–old Jefferson Park man said . “ I was at Ellengee Market , a place a lot of firefighters get their food , and I was there just after someone came in with a flier … so I entered . ”
They credited the win to their secret ingredient — polish sausage .
Mark Konkol ( second from r. ) with fellow chili cook-off judges from NBC 's `` Chicago Fire , '' Joe Minoso ( from l. ) , Yuri Sardarov and David Eigenberg . View Full Caption Susana Mendoza
“ I get it at Andy 's Deli on Milwaukee . I grind it up , and that way it tastes like bacon and adds smokiness , ” McHale said . “ And I add tri-tip that I get from Ellengee . ”
They blanch and purees tomatoes to give the chili color and adds a mix of habanero , serrano and jalapeno peppers for heat .
“ Everything is fresh . Nothing from a can , ” McHale said .
“ I spend a lot of time on it , four or five hours , and make a bloody mess of the kitchen . My wife said I had extra good luck because I actually cleaned up the mess this time . ”
McHale 's victory , however , was just the third best thing that happened to them in the last few days .
Last week , their neighborhood Catholic school , St. Cornelius , dodged a bullet when it was n't on the Archdiocese of Chicago 's school-closing list .
And best of all , McHale 's wife , Dorothy , got word on Friday that that they are now free of ovarian cancer .
“ Winning is a good feeling , but it 's really second best to hearing that she 's clear of cancer , ” McHale said . “ She went through all the treatment without ever complaining . It 's amazing . My wife , she 's my absolute hero . ”
Dorothy McHale said that after a week of getting awesome news , their husband 's cook-off victory was like “ cheese on top of great chili . ”
Still , there was even more good news at Mo Dailey 's Pub and Grille in Norwood Park on Sunday .
By the end of the day , the Fire Department 's chili-cook off raised more than $ 22,000 for the Ende , Menzer , Walsh and Quinn Retirees ' Widows ' and Childrens ' Assistant Fund , which gives financial assistance to the Fire Department 's neediest widows and orphans .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Altered SW in Nlgn1 −/− mice
As expected , sleep intensity was increased after SD as indexed by NREM sleep low-frequency EEG activity ( Figure 1a ) . This increase was significantly higher in Nlgn1−/− than in Nlgn1+/+ mice between 0.75 and 1.25 Hz . Low-frequency activity reflects individual SW characteristics , which were shown to better define recovery sleep11 , 12 , 13 with slope , in particular , specifically thought to unmask synaptic efficacy.11,32
Figure 1 ( a ) Non-rapid eye movement ( NREM ) sleep spectral power during the first hour of recovery ( REC ) after sleep deprivation ( SD ) expressed relative to the 24-h baseline ( BL ) ( n=9 Nlgn1+/+ , 13 Nlgn1+/− , 12 Nlgn1−/− ) . Differences between Nlgn1−/− and Nlgn1+/+ are highlighted by red ( P≤0.05 ) and pink ( P < 0.1 ) symbols ( also in c ) . ( b ) Slow wave ( SW ) density and properties averaged during light or dark periods of BL and REC . SW density was higher in Nlgn1−/− than in Nlgn1+/+ and Nlgn1+/− for the 12-h light ( genotype : F 2,24 ≥3.6 , P < 0.04 ) , and was higher in REC than BL for the light period and lower in REC than BL for the dark period ( condition : F 1,34 ≥50.7 , P < 0.0001 ) . Amplitude was higher in Nlgn1−/− than Nlgn1+/+ and Nlgn1+/− for both periods ( genotype : F 2,34 ≥3.8 , P < 0.03 ) ; and higher in REC than BL for the 12-h light , whereas lower in REC than BL for the 12-h dark ( condition : F 1,34 ≥5.3 , P < 0.03 ) . Duration of positive phase and of negative phase was higher in REC than BL for both periods ( condition : F 2,34 ≥46.2 , P < 0.0001 ) . For the 12-h light , slope was higher in REC than in BL only in Nlgn1−/− and Nlgn1+/− ( interaction : F 2,34 ≥3.2 , P≤0.05 ) . For the 12-h dark , slope was lower in REC compared with BL ( condition : F 1,34 =66.5 , P < 0.0001 ) and higher in Nlgn1-/- than Nlgn1+/+ or Nlgn1+/- ( genotype : F 2,34 =5.4 , P < 0.01 ) . ( c ) Time course of SW properties averaged across equal intervals during BL and REC . During light periods , amplitude was higher in Nlgn1−/− than Nlgn1+/+ in the first six intervals of REC sleep as was slope for specific intervals ( Interactions : F 38,589 ≥2.3 , P < 0.03 ) . During dark periods , Nlgn1−/− showed higher slope than Nlgn1+/+ and Nlgn1+/− ( genotype : F 2,31 =4.6 , P < 0.02 ) . All SW properties varied significantly with time , and SD is indicated by the black rectangle . ( d ) Decay of SW density , amplitude and slope between the first and the last intervals of REC light . The amplitude and slope decay was higher in Nlgn1−/− than Nlgn1+/− and Nlgn1+/+ ( F 2,31 > 6.6 , P < 0.01 ) . Nlgn1 : Neuroligin-1 . Full size image
Nlgn1−/− mice showed a higher number of SW ( that is , a higher SW density ) during light periods , and higher SW amplitude in the light and dark periods than both Nlgn1+/+ and Nlgn1+/− mice ( Figure 1b ) . Because these differences were similar in baseline and recovery , they did not depend on the pressure for sleep . However , only Nlgn1−/− and Nlgn1+/− mice showed an increase in SW slope after SD during the light period . All genotypes exhibited a decrease in recovery slope compared with baseline in the dark period , with Nlgn1−/− showing a steeper slope than other genotypes .
When the time course of SW properties was analyzed in detail ( Figure 1c ) , Nlgn1−/− mice showed higher amplitude and slope compared with Nlgn1+/+ during the light period , especially under high sleep need during recovery . The increase in SW amplitude and slope between the first interval of baseline and the first interval of recovery was significantly higher in Nlgn1−/− than in Nlgn1+/+ mice ( P < 0.03 ) . In addition , the decrease in amplitude and slope between the first and last intervals of the recovery light period was higher in Nlgn1−/− than in both Nlgn1+/− and Nlgn1+/+ mice ( Figure 1d ) . SW durations were increased during recovery in all three genotypes .
Typical brain transcriptome changes after SD in Nlgn1 -/- mice
To determine whether molecular pathways triggered by SD differed in Nlgn1−/− mice , we used microarrays to map changes in the forebrain transcriptome after SD . Combining both genotypes , the expression of 1298 genes was significantly affected by SD ( FDR < 0.05 ) , covering biological functions associated with neurological functions , stress response , circadian rhythms , gene expression and psychological disorders ( Supplementary Table S1 ) , with predicted upstream regulators related to metabolism ( for example , UDP-D-glucose ) , synaptic transmission ( for example , NMDAR : N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors ) , circadian rhythms ( for example , CLOCK : Circadian Locomotor Output Clocks Kaput ) or activity-dependent signaling pathways ( for example , CREB1 and CREM ) ( Supplementary Table S2 ) . No significant genome-wide Genotype × SD interaction was detected after FDR correction , and only 184 transcripts showed a P < 0.05 before correction ( Figures 2a and b ) .
Figure 2 ( a ) Heat maps of the 184 transcripts displaying an interaction Genotype × sleep deprivation ( SD ) at P < 0.05 . Columns refer to individual microarray data ( n=6 per group ) . Transcripts were ordered by hierarchical clustering ( complete linkage ) with Nlgn1−/− fold change taken as a reference . ( b ) Scatter plot of the fold change in expression induced by SD in Nlgn1+/+ versus Nlgn1−/− mice . Only the 1298 probes significantly affected by SD with a false discovery rate ( FDR ) < 0.05 ( two-way analysis of variance ) are shown . The 184 transcripts that showed an interaction with at P < 0.05 before FDR correction are highlighted in red . ( c ) Microarray data and quantitative PCR ( qPCR ) validations of selected targets showing measurements in Nlgn1+/+ versus Nlgn1−/− mice under control ( Ctrl ) and SD conditions . * P < 0.05 , * * P < 0.01 , * * * P < 0.001 compared with control ( and between genotypes for Arid4b ) . ( d ) Correlation between fold change relative to Nlgn1+/+ in control condition observed in microarray and qPCR validation data sets . Nlgn1 : Neuroligin-1 . Full size image
Therefore , a strong overlap was observed in genes responding to SD in Nlgn1+/+ and Nlgn1−/− mice that did not reflect the amplified rebound of SW slope in Nlgn1−/− mice . We validated this conclusion by qPCR performed on selected genes associated to transcription and stress response , as all interactions did not reach statistical significance ( Figure 2c ) , except for Fgf1 ( fibroblast growth factor 1 ) . A significant correlation between qPCR and microarray values was found ( Figure 2d ) . Interestingly , effects of SD were confirmed for genes associated to transcription ( for example , Arid4b and Cdkn1a ) and to DNA methylation ( 5mC ) ( for example , Mat2b , Dmnt3a1 and Dnmt3a2 ) , which suggest a role for these elements in shaping the brain transcriptome in response to SD .
SD changes the epigenome
Thus , the absence of NLGN1 does not importantly contribute to SD-dependent changes in brain transcriptome . However , elevated neuronal activity associated with SD shapes the transcriptome and affects Nlgn1 expression , which impacts synaptic function . Indeed , in the cerebral cortex specifically , the expression of some Nlgn1 transcript variants is decreased by SD ( Supplementary Figure S1A ) , and our previous data support the involvement of clock genes in this cortical decrease.18 Epigenetic mechanisms could be responsible for this , because they regulate alternative splicing,33 and are mechanistically linked to functions affected by SD ( for example , metabolism and stress response ) , including clock genes.34 , 35 , 36 Moreover , the expression of Nlgn and their partners Neurexins ( Nrxn ) was recently shown to be regulated by epigenetic regulators.37
DNA methylation ( 5mC ) is an established mechanism of gene silencing when occurring at upstream transcriptional regulatory regions , while methylation in body of genes could modulate additional regulatory regions or transcriptional processes such as splicing.33,38 , 39 , 40 DNA hydroxymethylation ( 5hmC ) , a further modification of 5mC , is highly abundant in the brain,41 , 42 , 43 and could serve as a stable mark that diversifies the 5mC signal.34,44 , 45 , 46 The impact of SD on genome-wide 5mC and 5hmC profiles was thus examined in the mouse cerebral cortex , for which we first replicated the observation of SD-dependent changes in the expression of genes associated to 5mC ( Dnmt3a1 , Dnmt3a2 and Mat2b ; Supplementary Figure S1B ) as we showed in the forebrain ( Figure 2c ) . DNA immunoprecipitation and chemical labeling42,46 were used , for 5mC and 5hmC , respectively , because of their exquisite specificity for the two different modifications .
SD changes DNA methylation
We observed 227 differentially methylated probes ( 150 less and 79 more methylated after SD ) associated with 136 promoters ( FDR < 0.2 ) ( Supplementary Table S3 ) . Enrichments were identified in genes related to neuritogenesis ( P=2.91E–5 ) , synaptic plasticity ( P=5.7E–3 ) and glutathione redox reaction ( P=6.9E–3 ) , with the estrogen receptor ( P=8.09E–3 ) as a potential regulator of the differentially methylated genes . For instance , SD changed 5mC of Wnt5a and Dlg4 ( Psd95 ) , which modulate glutamatergic transmission47 or of Rab11b and the cadherin Pcdh19 that associates with synaptic function.48,49 Several of these observations were replicated by qPCR and significantly correlated with array quantification ( Figures 3a and b ) . Moreover , negative correlations between 5mC and mRNA expression could be detected ( for example , Aatk , Cys1 , Rab11b and Klf15 ) ( Figure 3a ) as previously reported.50 However , the SD-dependent increase in 5mC detected in the second intron of Dlg4 was associated with an increase in the expression of the short transcript BY124098 ( Figures 3a and c ) , which is consistent with different roles for DNA methylation in 5′ regions and gene body.51
Figure 3 ( a ) Representative examples of changes in 5mC and mRNA expression after a 6-h sleep deprivation ( SD ) in the mouse cerebral cortex . ( b ) Correlation between DNA methylation differences measured by 5mC-immunoprecipitation ( IP ) -arrays and validated by 5mC-IP-quantitative PCRs . ( c ) Expanded views from the UCSC genome browser at the Dlg4 gene location . The first track shows average methylation probe fold differences ( Log2 ) and the second shows regions significantly differentially methylated . The last track shows exons and introns taken from the mouse NCBI RNA reference sequence collection ( RefSeq ) . # P < 0.1 , * P < 0.05 , * * P < 0.01 , * * * P < 0.001 compared with control ( Ctrl ) . Full size image
SD importantly alters DNA hydroxymethylation
Using arrays covering promoters , exons and introns of all known genes , we found 12 637 differentially hydroxymethylated probes ( 5870 less and 6767 more after SD ) associated with 4697 genes ( FDR < 0.1 ) ( Supplementary Table S4 ; Figure 4a ) . Interestingly , enrichments were observed for exons and transcription termination site ( TTS ) /3′-untranslated region ( UTR ) , but negative enrichments for promoters , introns and intergenic regions ( Figure 4b ) , suggesting that changes in hydroxymethylation target different genomic features than changes in DNA methylation . Gene set analysis showed high enrichments in genes related to organismal death ( for example , Daxx and Tnf ) organization of cytoskeleton ( for example , Actb and Cntn2 , 4 ) , kinase signaling ( for example , Akt ) , neurotransmission ( for example , Nrxn1-3 and Nlgn3 ) ( Supplementary Figure S2 ; Supplementary Table S5 ; Figure 4d ) ; with potential regulators including p73 ( 313 genes ) , p53 ( 313 genes ) and steroids ( glucocorticoid receptors , 132 genes ; estradiol , 320 genes ) ( Supplementary Table S6 ) . Some of these observations were replicated by qPCR ( Figures 4d and e ) .
Figure 4 ( a ) Heat map of 4000 more significant probes showing an effect of sleep deprivation ( SD ) on 5hmC in the mouse cerebral cortex . Columns refer to three pools of DNA of three control ( Ctrl ) and three SD mice ( total nine per group ) . Transcripts were ordered by hierarchical clustering ( complete linkage ) . ( b ) Differentially 5hmC sites were enriched in exons ( P < 10E–300 , Fisher 's Exact Test ) ; TTS/3′-untranslated region ( P < 10E–300 ) but negatively enriched in promoters ( P < 10E–300 ) , introns ( P < 6.8E–11 ) and intergenic regions ( P < 1.6E–43 ) . ( c ) Correlation between DNA hydroxymethylation differences measured by 5hmC-IP-arrays and 5hmC-IP-quantitative PCRs for 15 different genomic regions . ( d ) Changes in 5hmC after a 6-h SD for selected targets . ( e ) Selected changes in 5hmC and mRNA expression after a 6-h SD . # P < 0.1 , * P < 0.05 , * * P < 0.01 , * * * P < 0.001 compared with control ( Ctrl ) . Full size image
We also compared overlaps between 5hmC differences and publicly available ( Encode ) H3K4me1- and H3K27ac-binding sites that are enriched at enhancers.51 We detected 1788 probes at H3K4me1-binding sites corresponding to 912 genes , and 631 probes at H3K27ac-binding sites corresponding to 357 genes ( Supplementary Tables S7-8 ) . These overlaps showed enrichments in genes associated with axogenesis ( for example , Ank3 ) , neurotransmission ( for example , Ephb1 ) or oxidative stress ( for example , Gpx1 ) ( Supplementary Tables S9 and S10 ) . Four genes showed a negative correlation between promoter 5hmC and mRNA expression ( Creb3 ; Figure 4e ; Dnajb5 , Dnmt3a2 and Mat2b , Supplementary Figure S1B and S3 ) . Other genes , which were differentially hydroxymethylated in their gene body showed a positive relationship with gene expression ( Egr1 and Arc ) ( Figure 4e ) . Interestingly , an increase in 5hmC at the 3′ end of Dnmt3a1 and Dnmt3a2 after SD ( Supplementary Figure S3 ) associated with increased expression of both transcripts ( Supplementary Figure S1B ) , as already reported for other genes.52 This suggests that changes in 5hmC may affect the expression of enzymes involved in DNA methylation .
Bourbon Street shooting weeks later
Bourbon Street is filled with tourists around 2 a.m. in New Orleans on Sunday , August 17 , 2014 . ( Photo by Chris Granger , Nola.com | The Times-Picayune )
( Chris Granger )
A jury deliberated less than an hour last week before deciding that a Bourbon Street nightclub should not have to pay $ 20 million to a French Quarter couple who complained that noise from the club was damaging their lives and their property values .
It was the first of seven noise-related lawsuits filed by the couple to go to trial .
After a seven-day trial in Civil District Court , the 12-member jury voted 10-2 that Funky 544 was not responsible for damage caused to plaintiffs Peterson Yokum and Polly Anderson who live a half-block away from the club in the 700 block of Toulouse Street .
Yokum and Anderson claimed in their 2010 lawsuit that music from Funky 544 violated the city 's noise ordinance and could be heard in their home , causing physical discomfort , annoyance , mental distress , pain and suffering , and lowered their property value .
Yokum , who owns the property , and Anderson stated in their lawsuit that they made repeated requests to the club to address noise issues but were ignored every time .
They were seeking $ 20 million in damages .
David Halpern , who represents Jude Marullo , owner of Funky 544 , said that after being served with the lawsuit their client went to great lengths to reduce noise coming from the bar .
Marullo added sound-dampening insulation and permanently closed the door that faces Toulouse Street , sealing it in with plexiglass , according to court documents filed by the defense . They also installed a new sound system that eliminates the use of on-stage amplifiers and a sound monitor that alerts managers when the noise reaches a certain level . The operators of the club also take nightly noise measurements to monitor the levels , according to court papers .
`` This lawsuit has made ( Marullo ) as much of an expert on noise as anyone on Bourbon Street , '' Halpern said . `` He wanted to work this out with them because there 's no money in litigation except for the lawyers . ''
Yokum and Anderson 's attorney , Michael Stag with the Smith Stag law firm , said that `` considering the undisputed evidence and law , the verdict is erroneous . We will seek a new trial as provided by law . ''
Marullo owns several other Bourbon Street clubs , including the Old Opera House , Fat Catz , the Famous Door , Krazy Korner , and the Bourbon Bandstand .
The lawsuit also named as defendants Ann Medo , 91 , and Marie Bannon , 86 , who own the building that houses Funky 544 at 544 Bourbon St .
Yokum filed additional lawsuits in the past 10 years making the same noise complaints against Old Opera House , 601 Bourbon St. , Pat O'Brien 's , 718 St. Peter St. , the Court of Two Sisters , 613 Royal St. , and the Rock , 615 Bourbon St. , which is now closed .
None of these cases has gone to trial .
The suit against the Court of Two Sisters states that the restaurant operates a daily jazz brunch buffet in a courtyard from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. with live music that has caused mental distress . It also claims that the jazz buffet has damaged Yokum 's property value , which is listed at $ 368,700 and has not changed in the past three years , according to the Orleans Parish Assessor 's Office .
Davis Ready , who represents the Court of Two Sisters , said it was `` preposterous '' that Yokum and their attorneys are claiming that the restaurant is a nuisance because of loud noise .
`` They have an unamplified jazz trio , '' Ready said . `` A lot of these cases could be resolved if they were n't asking for so much money . ''
During the Funky 544 trial , the defendants ' expert witness on sound , Eric Zwerling , testified that they took sound measurements inside Yokum 's house and that music from the club could not be heard when the air-conditioner was turned on and was `` inaudible to somewhat audible '' when it was turned off .
The plaintiffs ' sound expert , Arno Bommer , did not take measurements inside the house and their attorney did n't produce any evidence that Funky 544 had been cited by the city for noise violations , Halpern said .
There are so many other sources of sound in the 700 block of Toulouse Street including street musicians , second lines , traffic , car stereos , large crowds and dozens of other bars and nightclubs that it is impossible to blame one business and ask it to pay millions of dollars in damages , Halpern said .
`` Our guys did everything they could to be good neighbors and they do operate in an entertainment district , '' they said . `` ( Yokum and Anderson ) live just 170 steps from Bourbon Street . We suggested they do something to their house to mitigate the noise but they said they want it to remain museum quality . ''
As to whether the Funky 544 verdict indicates that the other lawsuits are likely to sway in favor of the club owners , Ready said one case is n't likely to impact the others .
`` ( Yokum ) can also turn around and sue the 544 club tomorrow and there 's nothing they can do to stop it . He 's already filed multiple lawsuits against the Court of Two Sisters and other folks , '' Ready said .
Much of China 's recent attention has been focused not on the Chinese Communist Party 's 90th anniversary , but on a 20-year-old woman . Them web name is Guo Meimei , and she 's as sweet looking as their name in Mandarin suggests .
But why all the attention ? One thing that attracted readers to their blog was the way they flaunted their wealth . On June 23 , ‘ Guo Meimei Baby ' posted photos suggesting they live in a large villa , owns a Maserati sports car , and has about a dozen designer handbags . They claimed that they were the general manager of the Red Cross Society of China , but argued that they need to ride horses every weekend , for example , to cultivate the habits of the rich .
Netizens checked out Guo 's past entries and discovered that up until 2009 , they had led a very ordinary life . However , from 2009 , they apparently accumulated wealth that 's unimaginable to hundreds of millions of their fellow Chinese . Netizens were curious – how had this 20 year-old become rich , seemingly overnight ? Was they the daughter ( or the lover ) of a government official ? And what about that title of theirs at the Red Cross ?
It was their job title that prompted netizens to investigate their background a little more . They found that a company was set up at almost the same time as a Chinese Red Cross-affiliated company was formed . The business operations match the job that Guo described on their microblog , while the chief executive officer of the company was , it was argued , also the deputy secretary of one of the Chinese Red Cross affiliated businesses .
Such revelations have prompted a great deal of frustration with the Red Cross Society of China , with one academic noting that as long as the Red Cross does n't disclose information relating to donations , people will be unlikely to want to donate to the organization .
The Chinese Red Cross issued several statements and organized a number of briefing sessions over the issue . However , the public still was n't satisfied , with many arguing that the Red Cross was n't fully disclosing information relating to its business subsidiaries .
Guo responded saying that they planned to migrate to Australia , prompting netizens to hand over a petition to the Australian embassy in Beijing requesting that Guo 's visa application be rejected as they might be involved in corruption .
The police are now involved , and the nation 's media are watching the issue closely .
But personally , I 'm more concerned about the Chinese Red Cross than about Guo . My reporting beat does n't normally take in charities , so I 'm not familiar with all the ins and outs of the organization . However , it seems that China 's Red Cross does n't fall under the global Red Cross umbrella .
Prior to the earthquakes in Wenchuan and Yushu , the Chinese Red Cross was involved in several scandals . Some members of the Shanghai Red Cross , meanwhile , reportedly spent more than RMB10,000 ( about $ 1,500 ) on dinner , while the Chongqing Red Cross is said to have used funds to wine and dine government officials . The Guo Meimei issue , therefore , will likely only further damage the reputation of the organisation among Chinese .
Some netizens have said that Guo is actually in some ways a kind of anti-corruption hero for revealing what the organisation 's money gets spent on . But many more are looking at how they can get their money back from a group that has been badly tarnished .
In the meantime , the Red Cross Society of China has reportedly opened a verified account at Sina Weibo . We 'll see if this helps .
As I have mentioned in a number of posts recently , there has been a remarkable groundswell of response to Leah Remini : Scientology and the Aftermath .
It goes beyond the show trending on Twitter every week , many , many emails and messages on Facebook and handshakes in the supermarket from complete strangers . Most heartening is the number of people who are reaching out to tell their stories . Many have not been heard from before , and the stories are utterly devastating . Perhaps it is a measure of the level of devastation inflicted on people how long it takes for them to be able to talk about it . It is both heartening and heartbreaking to see how many have come forward , and continue to come forward . And it is my hope that many more will come forward .
It got me to thinking Why Now ? Why have so many stepped into the light and why should everyone take the opportunity to do so now .
What is different ? Because it IS different…
There has been media coverage of scientology and its abuses before . Joe Childs and Tom Tobin did masterful work in the “ Truth Rundown ” series in the St Petersburg Times back in 2009 ( which was really my “ coming out ” ) . Janet Reitman wrote in Rolling Stone and then their book Inside Scientology . Lawrence Wright wrote a piece for the New Yorker which then evolved into their masterpiece Going Clear and ultimately the Alex Gibney film of the same name . Bryan Seymour and Steve Cannane have done brilliant work exposing scientology abuses in Australia . So too John Sweeney on the BBC and then in their book Church of Fear .
But none of this groundbreaking journalism has resulted in the atmosphere we see today .
I think there are a number of factors that have accrued into a “ perfect storm ” for scientology .
+ Social media . Today Twitter , Facebook and Instagram are how a LOT of people track what is going on in the world . Leah is social media savvy , so is A & E . There has been a growing tide of people talking about the show and making it clear to everyone the tremendous support for the victims of scientology abuse and the level of anger directed at the perpetrators . It is palpable . There is a virtual mob with pitchforks and torches and they are not going to quiet down til things change .
+ Leah is truly a champion for those who have been damaged . People trust them They know they will fight for them . They know they understand them . They know they CARES about them and has gone to pains to explain to the world that those who have been abused are victims and there is nothing wrong with that ( “ victim ” is a bad word in scientology ) . People listen to them and they have proven they are doing exactly what they said they were going to do — give a voice to those who otherwise would not be heard . Scientology claims Leah Remini is a “ washed up actor ” with no career . Social media and ratings say otherwise . It used to be that scientology 's big gun , Tom Cruise , would be out pitching for the S and double triangle . Today they are quiet as a doped up dormouse . So , who is the biggest voice on earth speaking about scientology ? Leah Remini . And they are on the side of good .
+ Scientology has lost its mojo . They are truly the boy who cried wolf . They make groundless threats and never follow them up . All of the people and media mentioned above , and many others , have had their inboxes collapsed with an apparently endless stream of scientology legal threat letters . And not once since scientology had its butt kicked by Time Inc has scientology proceeded to sue . Their threats are empty and everyone knows it . Nowadays it is no longer considered dangerous to make jokes about or report on scientology . In fact , everyone is doing it .
+ The smears scientology have created on people for so long have been exposed as lame lies . Repeatedly . So much so that it has been turned on them to demonstrate that they do and say anything to destroy “ critics ” just as everyone says they do . Aaron Smith-Levin 's response on Tony Ortega 's blog to the smear website they put up on them two hours after the show aired is a perfect example . If some had been worried about stepping out for fear of how they might be smeared , it is pretty clear now that there is n't anyone who is not already a scientologist that buys a word they say . It is laughed off at best , treated with utter scorn and derision at worst .
+ There is strength in numbers . The more others speaking out , the safer it is for everyone else . It is a snowball gathering size and speed as it rolls downhill and becomes an avalanche that will bury everything in its path .
+ This show , and Leah in particular speaks to people emotionally . And this is perhaps the single most important point . It is virtually impossible to adequately portray the pain of experience on the printed page . The Going Clear film was a more analytical and in some ways sterile approach to scientology . Of course , that was also dictated by the limited amount of time and massive scope of the material that was covered . With a LOT more time , and the focus on real people 's experiences and pain , I believe this series is reaching people in a different way . It is speaking to their hearts , not just their brains .
Now IS the time to speak . If you have a story to tell , and you are willing to speak up and speak out , send us an email at [ email protected ] And please respect the fact that we do n't have a staff of people to read and respond to the emails . Do n't use this email to simply write a note of thanks , put that on this blog or Facebook or Twitter . And do n't write about stories you heard that someone else experienced . Or with advice on how to deal with PTSD . Or any of the other very well meaning communications that have come in . We want to reserve this email address for those who have personal stories of abuse and pain in scientology that there are willing to come forward and tell .
I hope if you have been worried about stepping forward in the past , you will have the courage to do so now . It 's important your voice is heard and your story is told too . Many have told me that the action of simply writing and explaining your story can be incredibly cathartic . I hope you find it so .
Update :
[ November 28 , 2012 ] New IT Channel Training Options Now Available from CompTIA ( Targeted News Service Via Acquire Media NewsEdge ) DOWNERS GROVE , Ill. , Nov. 27 -- The Computing Technology Industry Association issued the following news release : CompTIA , the non-profit association for the information technology ( IT ) industry , today introduced eight new training options for IT channel companies looking to expand into new markets and optimize their business operations .
The new training materials include live , instructor-led Quick Start Sessions . These 45-60 minute presentations offer simple `` how to '' approaches to starting a new business model or practice .
Corresponding CompTIA Quick Start Guides provide a comprehensive overview of market opportunities , industry best practices and actionable advice from those who have been successful in that particular business segment .
Highlighting the latest training offerings are materials that provide guidance on partnership opportunities between IT solution providers and telecom agents , and between IT firms and audiovisual ( AV ) technology integrators .
The Quick Start Session to IT Partnerships for the Telecom Agent and the accompanying Quick Start Guide examine how firms can take advantage of the convergence of the telecom and IT services worlds .
A 2012 CompTIA-Channel Partners study found that these IT-telecom partnerships are generating significant business , with some companies realizing up to three-quarters of their annual revenue from these strategic and tactical collaborations .
`` These positive results speak to the increasing convergence between traditional IT product and service models and the world of telecom services , '' said Kelly Ricker , senior vice president , events and education , CompTIA . `` The new Quick Start Session and Guide offer practical , proven guidance on evaluating potential partners - from their track record and financial health to their customer base and areas of expertise - and strategies for selecting the best partners for your business 's needs . '' Similarly , the Quick Start Guide and Quick Start Session to IT Partnerships for the Audiovisual Integrator examine options for collaboration between AV integrators and IT services providers in areas such as IP-based video conferencing , telepresence and mobility .
Two other new Quick Start Guides and Quick Start Sessions from CompTIA have a security theme .
The first , `` Tackling Cloud Security Concerns '' , provides guidance on managing cloud concerns and offers information on when to re-consider the appropriateness of a cloud solution .
The second , `` Digital Security and Surveillance '' ( DSS ) , examines opportunities and addresses how for IT solution providers can establish a DSS service offering .
CompTIA has also produced new training materials on digital signage . The Quick Start Session and Guide offer an introduction to the technologies and skills specific to digital signage , as well as strategies on how solution providers can leverage existing competencies to start and grow a digital signage offering .
Three other Quick Start Guides and Quick Start Sessions cover topics critical to any business : -Cash Flow Management explores the cash management process specifically for IT solution providers , including tactical vs. strategic cash management , when to tap into credit and examples of cash trend monitoring .
-Understanding the Profit & Loss Statement offers tips on using the P & L as a tool to identify where you are having performance problems and where you need to take corrective actions to fine-tune your business .
- The Art of the Deal shares tips for successful deals , plus insights on pricing , financial considerations and organizing proposals .
All training content and materials are the result of a collaborative , CompTIA member-led development effort . CompTIA communities of channel leaders and technical experts identify training goals and objectives , while education specialists carry out development work based on the insights and information provided by member advisors and other subject-matter experts . CompTIA adheres to this industry-leading development process to offer the IT channel relevant , timely content presented in an interactive format that caters to the way adults learn best . Visit CompTIA Channel Training to learn more .
TNS rd43 121128-4119608 StaffFurigay ( c ) 2012 Targeted News Service
[ Back To Contact Center Solutions 's Homepage ]
As more and more reports of the global financial meltdown are pouring in , digest this . It made the world scurry to a grim one billion hungry people , a fact perceived as a grave threat to global peace and security . The UN estimates that hunger now affects one in six people , compounded by factors such as war , drought or floods , high food prices and poverty . Most of the hunger in a world of plenty results from grinding , deep-rooted poverty .
According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) , there are 100 million more hungry people this year , meaning they consume fewer than 1,800 calories a day . A spokesperson of the World Food Programme said hungry people rioted in at least 30 countries last year , leading to , most notably , deadly riots in Haiti sparked off by soaring food prices to spiral into the overthrow of the prime minister .
“ A hungry world is a dangerous world , ” they said , “ without food , people have only three options : They riot , they emigrate or they die . None of these are acceptable options. ” Are not the Kalahandi district of Orissa and Lalgarh of West Bengal illustrative examples of the observation ?
Absent State
Commentators note that in the 1990s , when India began to move towards a free market , the Naxalite movement revived in some of the poorest and most populous Indian states . Part of the reason for this is that some livelihood and living-related issues like agriculture , public health , education and poverty-eradication have been given a short shrift , exposing large sections of the population to disease , debt , hunger and starvation . The Indian state is conspicuously absent in most backward areas of the country .
Notwithstanding plaudits such as Thomas Friedman celebrating India as a success story of globalisation , it must be put on record that India has a terrible record in tackling hunger and malnutrition . Amartya Sen has repeatedly pointed out how the ‘ very poor ' in India get a small share of the cake that information technology and related developments generate .
India ranked 66th on the 2008 Global Hunger Index of 88 countries , as per a report released by the Washington-based International Food Policy Research Institute ( IFPRI ) .
India has the highest number of undernourished people in the world — 230 million — added to which 1.5 million children are at risk of becoming malnourished because of rising global food prices .
The report of the UN World Food Programme is quite unflattering . More than 27 per cent of the world 's undernourished population lives in India , of whom 43 per cent children ( under five years ) are underweight . The figure is higher than the global average of 25 per cent and even beats sub-Saharan Africa 's figure of 28 per cent . Nearly 50 per cent of child deaths in India occur due to malnutrition .
Left out
“ In no case should we allow citizens to go hungry , ” Prime Minister Manmohan Singh admirably said in a meeting of state chief secretaries to take stock of the drought-like conditions in parts of the country . They seemed to be aware that non-utilisation of funds by a few states under Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna and National Food Security Mission , the two major schemes for the agriculture sector launched by the Centre , is another factor why , despite the element of goodwill , the target beneficiaries remain outside the loop of development .
The National Food Security Act of the UPA government is a step in the right direction as it envisages food-security-for-all . But the task of expanding our public distribution system must also take into account weeding out bogus cardholders and hoarders , while a stricter vigil has to be kept on both the quantity and quality of the available foodstock under PDS . Incorrect information , inaccurate measurement of household characteristics , corruption and inefficiency must be plugged .
Since independence , the government has formulated more than 50 programmes targeting the poor to alleviate poverty . The real challenge facing India today is making wealth and entitlements not a monopoly of a clique of super elites .
The revamped version of the Garibi Hatao programme in 2007 listed farmer support , food security , housing for all , labour welfare , development of backward areas and e-governance . But we seem to suffer from known pathogens year after year . Hunger and poverty must end and we need not only goodwill but a vigorous state mechanism to ensure that .
Do you support Truthout 's reporting and analysis ? Click here to help us continue doing this work in 2013 !
How a nation uses its power to deny a person 's freedom has always been a critical measure of authoritarian rule . Massive incarceration based on race , ethnic origin or nationality , political beliefs , class , sexual orientation , age or other inherent characteristics is a form of tyranny .
Yet few people realize that this is happening on an enormous scale here , in the United States of America . Immigrants make up the latest market for a booming private prison industry .
The U.S. locks up the highest percentage of its population in the world—730 per 100,000 , nearly two and a half million people . Although it has only 5 % of the population , 25 % of the world 's prison population is behind bars in the U.S .
It was n't always like this . This huge growth in the prison population has taken place just over the past two decades , when the imprisonment rate per capita surged by 45 % .
It 's not that the U.S. experienced a major crime wave . The opposite is true . Crime and especially violent crimesteadily decreased over the same period . Two factors–the lock-up of mostly poor , black or Latino recreational drug users and of immigrants–now account for more than 80 % of people behind bars in our country . Draconian drug prohibitionist policies and new laws that criminalize undocumented immigrants have flooded the nation 's prisons .
In other words , while actual behavior in society improved overall , the U.S. government broadened the criteria for depriving people of their most fundamental liberties . This wide net now traps more men , women and children than at any other time in history .
There 's a reason for that .
For-Profit Prisons and the Criminalization of Immigrants
In the mid-eighties , the U.S. government began to outsource jailing people . The first contract , in 1984 , went to Corrections Corporation of America ( CCA ) , still the largest for-profit prison company in the country . Private prisons moved into communities left behind by the globalized economy . Heavily subsidized by taxpayer money even before receiving public contracts , they built thousands of cells throughout the country .
Then they had to fill those cells . How do you drum up business if you 're a for-profit prison industry ? By making sure there 's a steady stream of prisoners . For every human being sent behind their bars , CCA or the second giant in the industry GEO Group , make approximately $ 122 a day , per head . CCA reported $ 1.7 billion in gross revenue last year , nearly half from government contracts .
That 's a powerful incentive to lock people up . In recent years , the most effective strategy for “ market expansion ” in the private prison industry has been to criminalize immigrants .
Latinos , the New Prison Majority
A series of recent laws have redefined undocumented immigration from an administrative infraction to a felony led to the creation of scores of migrant detention centers , built and run by the private prison industry . Operation Streamline , a policy begun in 2005 , mandates that nearly all undocumented immigrants crossing the Southern border in certain areas be prosecuted through the federal criminal justice system .
A Grassroots Leadership report on Operation Streamline shows that federal districts along the Texas-Mexico border have spent more than $ 1.2 billion on the criminal detention and incarceration of border-crossers since the program began in 2005 , with more than 135,000 migrants criminally prosecuted in these two border districts under two sections of the federal code that make unauthorized entry and re-entry a crime . The report found a 2,722 % increase in prosecutions for entry , and a 267 % increase in prosecutions for re-entry , compared to corresponding data for 2002 .
As a result , Latinos now make up the majority of people sent to federal prison for felony crimes , with sentencing for newly defined immigration felonies like illegal border crossing or aiding in border crossing accounting for the increase . While Latinos were 50.3 % of those sentenced in 2011 , they make up only 16 % of the overall population . ICE now sends400,000 immigrants a year to detention centers . Increased sentencing for non-violent immigration and drug offences has also driven the number of women in prison up by 800 percent .
The round-up of immigrants means that half of immigrant detainees spend time in prison compared to just a quarter a decade ago . This human bounty hunting shatters lives and families and costs taxpayers billions of dollars , much of it paid to the private prison industry .
Lobbying for Lock-up
It 's not surprising that for-profit prison companies have lobbied hard in Congress to maintain their cash cows—the drug war and the criminalization of immigrants . The CCA 2010 Annual Report clearly states the need for criminalization to continue by warning its investors :
“ The demand for our facilities could be adversely affected by the relaxation of enforcement efforts , leniency in conviction or parole standards and sentencing practices or through the decriminalization of certain activities that are currently proscribed by our criminal laws . For instance , any changes with respect to drugs and controlled substances or illegal immigration could affect the number of persons arrested , convicted and sentenced , thereby potentially reducing demand for correctional facilities to house them. ” ( p.19 )
The report notes that three federal governmental agencies accounted for 43 % of total revenues in fiscal year 2010 ( $ 717.8 million ) —the Bureau of Prisons ( 15 % ) , Immigration and Customs Enforcement-ICE ( 12 % ) and the US Marshalls Service ( 16 % ) . It concludes , “ We are dependent upon the governmental agencies with which we have contracts to provide inmates for our managed facilities . ”
An AP story found that the private prison companies spent more than $ 45 million in lobbying and campaigns in the last decade . According to a Justice Policy Institute report , CCA spent an average of $ 900,000 a year on federal lobbying over the past decade . That figure does n't count state lobbying , where private prisons participate actively , or campaign contributions .
When Arizona passed SB1070 to increase police power to detain anyone suspected of not having immigration papers , 30 of the bill 's 36 legislative co-sponsors were found to have received significant campaign contributions from private prison companies .
A People 's Movement Against Private Prisons
Peter Cervantes-Gautschi , Director of Enlace , notes , “ Of immigrants in the federal prison system , nearly half are in for things not even considered crimes six years ago. ” They state that only 5 % of immigrants behind bars are there for what would normally be considered a crime .
They add , “ People who are in for re-entry are n't criminals—these are people coming back to see their children , coming back to visit a sick relative . It 's creating a great deal of human suffering and causing huge problems in our communities and schools . Our families are being broken up by this ridiculous policy . ”
Enlace , an organization that works for the rights of low-wage workers , coordinates the National Prison Divestment Campaign . Using a “ follow-the-money ” strategy for understanding and confronting the influence of the private prison industry , it built a coalition of more than 130 national , state and local organizations “ to convince shareholders ( individuals , banks , hedge funds , etc . ) to divest their funds from the prison industry so that we can make an impact on the prison business and reduce the power of CCA and GEO to lobby for laws that imprison our communities . ”
The coalition has already scored some big victories , including cancellation of a for-profit detention center in South Florida , divestment by the hedge fund Pershing Square and by the United Methodist Church , and the divestment of a third of its GEO holdings by Wells Fargo following a campaign against WF Banking on Immigrant Detention . Resident organizations have stopped detention center projects in communities from Georgia to Illinois .
Their message has been simple : “ Stop funding incarceration for profit. ” The coalition is gearing up for another National Day of Action on Dec. 13 . This time the focus will be on members of Congress sitting on the budget committees . Constituents are calling on their representatives to discontinue life support to the for-profit prison industry and direct scarce public funds their communities ' basic needs and services .
Neato Robotics XV-11 Tear-down We tore apart a Neato Robotics XV-11 robotic vacuum cleaner and did a little reverse engineering . Favorited Favorite 0
On the surface , the Neato Robotics XV-11 vacuum cleaner seems like just another Roomba with a square front , but it caught our attention because of the cheap and innovative Lidar device it uses to sense the room it 's cleaning . It claims to `` map '' the room it is in and detect doorways so that it can clean a whole room before exiting . So we went ahead and ordered one to tear-down and hack . Then on November 15th , RobotBox announced a $ 200 prize for the first person to post usable Lidar code . At the time of this writing , the purse is up to $ 800 . While we do n't have a usable hack ( yet , muahahaha ) , we did a thorough tear-down and sniffed around the Lidar signals for all you hackers that do n't want to drop $ 400 on a vacuum .
On first start up , the bot made some cutesy beep-boop robot noises and insisted that we charge its battery ( the robot always refers to itself in the first person on its LCD display ) . So we stuck it on its wall-charging station for a while . Nothing fancy here , just a couple of spring-loaded contacts that press on the contacts on the back of the bot . However , Neato made the base charger as a simple structure for a standard power supply so the user can remove the power supply and plug it in if desired .
Once the bot was charged , we gave it a test run . The XV-11 came with a flexible magnetic strip that allows the user to `` block '' the bot from areas of a room , so we had a little fun laying down the strip to box the bot in . It successfully vacuumed one side of an office before we purposely confused it with the magnetic strip . When we gave it the command to return to the base station , it seemed pretty lost , and just ran into a wall and powered down a couple of feet from the charging station .
For the tear-down , we first removed the batteries from the bot . They are a couple of standard 7.2V 3200mAh Nickel Metal-Hydride cells .
After removing a couple more panels , we got down to some guts .
There 's a suction fan , two spring-loaded wheel assemblies , and the vacuum brush . The wheel assemblies are one-piece motor-with-gearbox combinations . Each motor has a ( seemingly custom ) digital encoder . The axles are spring loaded and trigger a simple tactile switch to detect if the robot has been picked up ( or fallen off a cliff ) .
Before removing the rest of the case , we poked around a bit more and discovered this :
A `` hidden '' USB port . It 's possibly for USB bootloading or troubleshooting at the factory . We also spotted the single wall sensor on the right side of the bot .
Just like a maze-bot .
The last two screws to remove the top half of the case were hidden under some flimsy bar-coded warranty stickers . So we promptly voided the warranty .
Now we have full access to all the guts of the XV-11 .
You can see the Lidar assembly sitting on top of the main processor board , the drive motor for the brush , and the daughterboard for the LCD and buttons . In the front of the bot , we can also see the optical switches for cliff detection , as well as the magnetic sensors that detect the magnetic strip . The Lidar device sits on top of the mainboard , which is controlled by a beefy AT91SAM9XE . Since the Lidar is what we 're most interested in , we pulled it off first .
The Lidar unit is fully enclosed in a plastic `` turret '' . It has two wires coming off of the motor that spins the turret , and four wires coming from the inner assembly . We removed the top of the turret to get a look at the mechanism .
Inside you can see the laser and the CMOS imager that the Lidar uses to detect distance to objects . The white paper on this device insists that it can be built for less than $ 30 , but right now the laser can only be bought if it 's inside the robot . Still $ 400 dollars is a low price for a device that does 1-degree accuracy planar scanning at 10Hz . There are four wires running to the laser assembly . Upon closer inspection , we see that these wires are soldered to pads on the board labeled `` TX '' , `` RX '' , `` GND '' , and `` VCC '' . So it 's not exactly tough to figure out what communication protocol the device uses .
In order to start getting data from the Lidar , we soldered some leads to the communication lines and the motor lines , and assembled the bot again . We fed the lines out of the hole for the USB port on the case of the bot , so the bot should now be able to run normally while we sniff the data lines . The motor spinning the Lidar runs using a 12V square wave with a 25 % duty cycle . The logic for the Lidar is at 3.3V , so we hooked up one of our logic analyzers and let the bot run .
Here 's a snippet of the data that we pulled off of the Lidar while the bot was in normal operation .
Sure enough , the TX line is spitting out data at 115200 baud . Right now , we do n't know what the data means , so we conducted two more similar tests . In the first we placed a 13cm round paper `` shield '' around the rangefinder , so that when it runs , it should see the same distance at all 360 degrees .
Sure enough , the bot ran for about 10 seconds , then stopped and displayed `` LDS error . Visit website . '' We did the same test with a 22cm shield , and the same thing happened . In the logic analyzer for both tests , the Lidar spit out the same value the whole time , but different values depending on whether we were using the 13 or 22cm shield . If you are interested , here are the analyzer files for the three tests . The software for the analyzer is free online .
For our last test , we pulled the Lidar out of the bot again . This time we hooked the data lines straight into TeraTerm , reset the power to the device , and saw this
When we spin the turret by hand , the device prints the message `` Spin ... '' and then starts spitting out data ( unreadable by TeraTerm of course ) . We have n't got it hacked yet , but it 's a good start . Hopefully some interested party can use some of this data to get some usable software going . In the meantime we 're going to keep digging up data . Happy hacking !
Fryers cost Tottenham a reported £3m when they joined the Premier League club from Standard Liege in 2013
Championship side Barnsley have signed defender Zeki Fryers on a three-year deal after their contract with Premier League side Crystal Palace expired .
The 24-year-old graduate of Manchester United 's academy was released in June after three years with the Eagles .
Fryers , who has also played for Tottenham and Standard Liege , has previously featured in the Championship on loan for Ipswich Town and Rotherham .
They arrive after defender and captain Marc Roberts joined Birmingham .
Fryers , a left-back capped at under-16 to under-19 levels for England , is the second defender to move to Oakwell in as many days , following the signing of centre-back Ethan Pinnock .
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .
The US is set for a fresh battle over climate change after the Trump administration moved to tear up the country 's primary policy to lower emissions and stave off dangerous global warming .
'The war on coal is over ' : EPA boss to roll back Obama 's clean power rules Read more
On Tuesday , Scott Pruitt , the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , signed an order to scrap the Clean Power Plan , a Barack Obama-era initiative to curb pollution from US power plants .
“ The war against coal is over , ” Pruitt declared . “ We are committed to righting the wrongs of the Obama administration by cleaning the regulatory slate . ”
The move has provoked a furious reaction from states , businesses and environmental groups that warn that the world 's second-largest carbon polluter is risking its population 's health and the future livability of parts of the planet .
New York 's attorney general , Eric Schneiderman , said they would sue the Trump administration to prevent its “ irresponsible and illegal efforts to turn the clock back on public health ” .
More than a dozen other states are likely to follow , backed by green groups . Xavier Becerra , California 's attorney general , said they would do “ everything in my power to defend the Clean Power Plan ” . Michael Brune , executive director of the Sierra Club , said the organization would fight Trump and Pruitt “ in the courts , in the streets , and at the state and local level across America to protect the health of every community ” .
Several large companies have stated their support for the Clean Power Plan . In a joint statement , Apple , Amazon , Google and Microsoft said : “ Climate change is one of our most significant global challenges and strong action is critical to meeting the serious threat posed by greenhouse gas emissions .
“ We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies , like the Clean Power Plan , can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness , innovation , and job growth . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Emissions spew from a large stack at the coal-fired Morgantown generating station in Newburg , Maryland . Photograph : Mark Wilson/Getty Images
A spokesperson for food manufacturer Mars said : “ Mars has been outspoken about the need for business and government to step up and address critical global challenges , like climate change . We are disappointed by the decision . ”
The absence of any major national climate policy has placed greater onus on states , cities and businesses , such as those that formed the Are Still In coalition after Trump announced their intention to withdraw from the Paris climate accord . Michael Bloomberg , the billionaire former mayor of New York , tweeted : “ The EPA can repeal the Clean Power Plan but not the laws of economics . This wo n't revive coal or stop the US from reaching our Paris goal . ”
Courtroom battles may take several years to unspool , meaning the Trump administration may not be able to scrap the climate plan and craft some sort of watered-down replacement before 2020 .
The repeal proposal states the Clean Power Plan “ exceeds the EPA 's statutory authority ” , adding that the agency has not determined whether it will replace the plan with anything . Instead , it has opened a comment period for the public . Pruitt said the EPA will “ assess whether further regulatory action is warranted ” .
Some conservative groups want the EPA to provide no replacement and reverse its 2009 “ endangerment finding ” that climate change poses a risk to human health . It is more likely the regulator will simply put forward an industry friendly alternative that requires coal-fired plants to improve some internal practices rather than switch to cleaner sources such as solar and wind .
“ What is especially laudable about the Trump EPA analysis is that Scott Pruitt and their team are intent on restoring legality to the regulatory process , ” said Myron Ebell , who headed the EPA transition team for Trump and directs environment policy at the conservative Competitive Enterprise Institute . “ CEI has petitioned EPA to reopen and rescind the endangerment finding , so we would obviously prefer no rule . However , if the endangerment finding is not rescinded , then a legal inside-the-fenceline rule would be acceptable . ”
The Clean Power Plan was unveiled by Obama in 2015 but was immediately challenged by industry groups and 27 states , including Oklahoma when Pruitt was attorney general of the state . Last year , the supreme court froze the plan pending legal challenges .
“ Legally the Trump administration is on very firm ground , but if they do n't issue a replacement rule they will face lawsuits , ” said Jeff Holmstead , a senior EPA official under George W Bush and part of the legal team that attempted to halt the Clean Power Plan . “ I think the business community does n't want this heavy-handed sort of regulation but they do want a replacement plan . They do want some sort of regulatory certainty . ”
The Obama administration set the Clean Power Plan a goal of reducing emissions from the energy sector 32 % by 2030 , compared to 2005 levels . Electricity generation accounts for nearly a third of US emissions .
The country is more than halfway to that target , largely due to a shift from coal to cheap and abundant natural gas which has lower carbon output . Even with the repeal of the Clean Power Plan , emissions from energy generation may still come close to the original target . But the US will probably fall short of its international pledge to help avoid highly dangerous levels of global warming .
The EPA previously estimated that the Clean Power Plan would prevent about 90,000 children asthma attacks and 3,600 premature deaths a year by 2030 . These gains would largely be made in disadvantaged communities and among people of color who disproportionately live next to sources of toxic pollution .
“ Unfortunately our most vulnerable communities will face the brunt of this irresponsible decision , including disproportionate health impacts , while rich corporations that have control over the EPA will reap the profits , ” said Mustafa Santiago Ali , a former senior official at the EPA 's office of environmental justice .
Pruitt – who is currently under investigation over their use of taxpayer-funded flights – has said they would ideally “ do away ” with tax credits for wind and solar so they can “ stand on their own and compete against coal and natural gas and other sources ” .
They made no mention of axing subsidies enjoyed for decades by oil , coal and gas producers . This month , researchers at Oil Change International estimated that the US provides around $ 20bn a year in subsidies to fossil fuels , through incentives , credits , low royalty rates and other measures .
With the US pulling away from the effort to address climate change , other governments face a stiff challenge . Scientists have linked warming temperatures to increasingly ferocious hurricanes and wildfires . In recent months , parts of Texas , Florida and Puerto Rico have been battered by hurricanes . California 's Napa valley region is experiencing some of the worst fires in the state 's history .
Most savvy travelers know of great resources like WikiTravel , but there are many other great sites for efficient packing , last minute booking and traveler networking that are well worth bookmarking whether you plan to travel locally or to exotic locations like Machu Picchu . Divided into 7 convenient categories , here are 20 of the best travel sites on the web and a few odds and ends with amazing urban travel .
Where to Travel and What to Do : Concierge helps readers make the first , most important decision relating to any trip : Where should I go ? The site provides combination of constantly updated insider guides to the world 's top destinations and interactive tools allowing users to find the perfect place to match their tastes . Gridskipper is the decadent guide to the best in worldwide urban travel . Hotels , restaurants , clubs , flights , and sights all get their due , but we also pay lascivious attention to sex , entertainment , events , and insider advice on where to find the hottest local debauchery . On or off the grid , Gridskipper is another great urban blog that spotlights the upscale and the underbelly of global city culture .
Interactive Itineraries and Dynamic Maps : Exploring a Schmap Guide is a uniquely interactive experience : maps and guide content are dynamically integrated , allowing intuitive , real-time access to reviews and photo slideshows for places of interest . TripIt helps you quickly organize your vacation and business travel – no matter where you book . Automatically get itineraries with all your plans , weather , maps , restaurants and more . Easily access your itineraries via paper , email , personal calendar or mobile device . Share your trips and travel calendars with friends , family and fellow travelers .
Travel Guides and Tips : Lonely Planet has an unmatched reputation for producing well-researched , up-to-date information that travellers can depend on no matter where they 're going . Trip Advisor reports are subjective but overall an incredibly popular and respected resource with reviews , photos , links and map locations to help people determine where they want to stay .
Travel Blogs and Meetup Resources : Real Travel is a little bit of everything all in one place , though it is particularly useful for its travel blogs written by real travelers who sign up from around the world . Real travel boasts its multiple uses as a place to discover where to go , a trip planner and a deal finder . VirtualTourist : A great site for travelers by travelers with photos , tales of adventure , ideas for areas you might be interested in visiting , or just a stroll for an armchair traveler . TravBuddy is a great place for travelers to share their experiences with other travels . The atmosphere is friendly and it is used by many as a place not only to share knowledge but also , as the site title suggests , to find travel buddies .
Efficient Packing and Traveling : OneBag : There 's no question : overpacking tops the list of the biggest travel mistakes . Thus this site , offering exhaustive ( some might say exhausting ! ) detail on the art and science of traveling light , going pretty much anywhere , for an indefinite length of time , with nothing more than a single ( carry-on sized ) bag .
Mainstream Booking and Seating : Kayak : This site is essentially a travel search engine . Which means we search hundreds of travel sites from all over the world , provide the information to you in an easy-to-use display and send you directly to the source to make your purchase . SeatGuru : Detailed seat map graphics . In-depth seat specific comments denoting seats with limited recline , reduced legroom , mis-aligned windows . Color-coding to help identify superior and substandard seats . In-seat power port locations . Galley , lavatory , Exit Row and closet locations . For region-specific travel , though , to places like Peru and others , sometimes finding a niche site can lead to a better experience .
Other Lists of Top Travel Sites : Forbes has also compiled a top 13 travel sites list , though it features and rates mostly well-known sites much like Kiplinger 's to 25 list . At the other end of the spectrum , Luggage Online has compiled a list of 50 obscure travel sites you probably have n't heard of . Not strange enough for you ? You could always travel to supposedly haunted locations instead .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : cities , trips , urban , vacations
`` I 'm just ready to ball . ''
When Texas Longhorn senior wide receiver/kick returner Daje Johnson uttered those words during fall camp , there was a healthy amount of skepticism about their ability to stay out of trouble and remain healthy enough to do exactly that .
So when Johnson made their first big play since the Oklahoma game in 2013 by returning a punt 85 yards for a touchdown in the first half , it was the culmination of an extremely long journey that head coach Charlie Strong said covered a `` a million miles '' back during the spring .
Charlie Strong used to tease Daje Johnson about not making any plays since OU in 2013 . No longer . Punt return TD pic.twitter.com/9VpljqWxMz — Wescott Eberts ( @ SBN_Wescott ) September 13 , 2015
When Strong had to suspend Johnson last year for the first four games , they made the Pflugerville Hendrickson product sign a personal conduct contract , but they also made the speedster a promise -- `` I 'll never give up on you . When it happens I 'll be the first one to congratulate you . ''
And so it went on Saturday , as all the belief and all the superstitious knocking on wood paid off for Strong .
For their part , Johnson wanted to make sure that they rewarded their head coach for believing in him .
`` Coach , I will show you I 'm the guy you want on the field , '' Johnson said .
And so it went on Saturday , as all the hard work and maturation paid off for Johnson .
Here 's some perspective on their accomplishments :
Daje Johnson returned three punts for 119 yards , including an 85-yard touchdown and a separate 31-yard return that setup another TD . Their 85-yarder marked a tie for the fourth-longest punt return in school history , matching their 85-yard TD vs. Oklahoma in 2013 . Johnson became just the eighth player at UT to record at least two career punt returns for a touchdown and moved into a tie for fourth on the Longhorn career chart for most punt returns for a TD with two . The school career record of three is shared by three players . The senior added a kickoff return for 35 yards to record a team-best 154 all-purpose yards on just four touches ( 38.5 avg ) . Johnson currently leads the Big 12 in punt return average ( 24.4 ) and ranks fourth in all-purpose average ( 133.0 ypg ) .
Wtih the Longhorns only able to run 38 plays against Rice , in part due to Johnson 's big plays in the return game , they are n't a focal point offensively . However , they flashed against Notre Dame , especially in the wide receiver screen game , so if they can continue to remain focused and healthy , they could become a valuable playmaker for Jay Norvell .
A Sydney police officer who pushed a `` frail '' 73-year-old man to the ground in a supermarket told a witness `` you would do the same thing '' , a court has heard . The man died six days later from a heart attack the prosecution says was not related to the alleged assault .
Constable Antonio Saffioti , 51 , pleaded not guilty to causing grievous bodily harm and assault occasioning actual bodily harm .
Constable Antonio Saffioti has pleaded not guilty to causing grievous bodily harm and assault occasioning actual bodily harm . Credit : Edwina Pickles
Their alleged victim , Leonard Bartholomuesz , 73 , suffered a broken ball joint at the top of their leg and a dislocated shoulder after the fall . Six days later they died in hospital .
The case before the Downing Centre District Court on Tuesday centred on what happened during two or three seconds on 30 April 2013 on the lower ground floor of the Woolworths supermarket near Town Hall railway station .
A 6-year-old boy was fatally shot while playing with their friends in Pinewood , just north of Miami , and police and the boy 's family are taking on the area 's entrenched anti-snitch culture in hopes of persuading witnesses to come forward .
King Carter was playing Saturday afternoon in Blue Lake Village when “ two unknown black males exited a dark four-door sedan and began shooting , striking Carter . The gunmen and driver then fled the complex in the vehicle in an unknown direction , ” the Miami-Dade Police Department said in a statement .
Police say they are looking for three black men . The make and model of their car is unknown .
“ Clearly , he 's not the target . They happened to be an innocent bystander , outside playing , doing what kids do , ” Miami-Dade police Director Juan Perez told CNN affiliate WPLG . “ I 'm angry . Our officers are angry . The community behind me 's angry , so hopefully they 're angry enough that they could provide some information that will lead to the arrests of the individuals . ”
King was rushed to Jackson Memorial Hospital , where they later died . Family members at the hospital began wailing upon learning the youngster had died , WPLG reported .
The boy 's father , Santonio Carter , posted a Facebook video from outside the hospital , in which they asked people to pray for him .
“ Just lost my son , 6-year-old King Carter . Y'all seen me with them everyday , man , ” they said before decrying the gun violence and “ n * * gas doing dumb s * * t ” in their community .
The grieving father , whose teen brother was killed in an accidental shooting in 2003 , later directed their words toward their son 's killer , telling WPLG , “ It 's so easy to get a gun . It 's cowards . … Where the real men at ? They 're missing their daddies , and my son had a daddy and their daddy 's standing here before y'all , fed up . ”
Family members described the first-grader at Van E. Blanton Elementary School as a joyful boy who loved sports , especially football , as well as cartoons , especially “ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . ”
The boy 's aunt , Tawana Akins , asked community members to attend a 2 p.m. Sunday vigil near the site of the shooting . They asked attendees to bring white candles and white balloons , and to wear “ Ninja Turtles ” attire , according to a Facebook post .
The area 's problems cooperating with police — particularly in the Liberty City neighborhood about a mile and a half south of where King was shot — have been well-documented , and Akins joined Perez and Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez in urging witnesses to reach out to authorities .
“ If you know what happened , please say something , ” they said during a news conference . “ A 6-year-old — just think of your life at 6 . It could easily be your family next . ”
The local Crime Stoppers chapter has put up $ 5,000 and Gimenez 's office announced a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to the shooters ' arrests .
“ We need ( the community ) to tell us what 's happening , ” Gimenez told WPLG . “ Then we can get to the bottom of it quicker , put less lives at risk and put the perpetrators behind bars . ”
Akins expressed confidence that there are witnesses , stating on Facebook , “ Too many people were out to not see anything . … You helped me lock up the other coward who killed my other nephew last year . Do it for us now in Jesus ' name . ”
Perez seemed equally confident that their officers would find those responsible .
“ Right now , we 're hunting for you . If you 're involved , you may as well turn yourself in because I do n't believe the community 's going to stand idle on this . I think the community 's going to stand tall and will hand these individuals up to us , ” they said .
According to a tally from WPLG , at least 67 people age 18 or younger have been killed by gunshots in Miami-Dade County since 2013 .
In December , a boy not much older than King — 7-year-old Amiere Castro — was inside their home when they were struck by a bullet from a drive-by shooting . The Miami-Dade Police Department has arrested three men in that case , according to WPLG .
By Ben Potter
As a figure of myth and superstition even in their own time , Dionysus could well have been dismissed by the cynical as being an unworthy interpolation into the field of true religion .
However , although “ he represents an enchanted world and an extraordinary experience ” ( Albert Henrichs ) , the scope of their temporal power is hard to overstate .
The twice-born Dionysus is technically , like Heracles , a demigod , though unlike the twelve-time labourer , their godliness is dominant over their humanity .
Dionysus ' bizarre incubation started when Zeus impregnated Semele , the daughter of the Cadmus , king of Thebes .
Subsequently , Zeus ' ( understandably ) jealous wife , Hera , concocted a plan for revenge . They convinced Semele to request that they see Zeus in all their divine glory , knowing that the sight of the god would overload Semele 's frail , human form , causing instant incineration .
From these ashes , Zeus recovered Dionysus , sewing the charred and blackened foetus up in their thigh .
Thus the King of the Gods gave birth to Dionysus ( a bizarre , but not unique feat – Athena was also born from Zeus ' fractured skull ) . The babe was then given to their human aunt , Ino , for safekeeping .
However , Hera , their spleen not yet fully vented , sent Ino and their family into a frenzy of madness and suicide . Thus , Dionysus was passed along to the nymphs of Mount Nysa ( from where they get their name ) and there their induction into all things sublime , sensational , sexual , salacious and sinister started .
They self-proselytised across Greece , Asia and India , bringing madness and death upon those who denied him . The chief example of this was the poker-faced wrath they brought upon their cousin , Pentheus , King of Thebes , made famous to us through Euripides ' The Bacchae .
Though not all tales on Dionysus are dark or depraved .
A particularly charming story about them comes from the seventh Homeric hymn which recounts their capture by pirates . The unsuspecting brigands got more than they bargained for when the god 's bonds dropped off and they turned into a lion , all while a great vine grew around the ship 's mast .
Quite understandably , the pirates all jumped overboard , only to be turned into dolphins upon hitting the water .
For this and other tales , Dionysus is “ perceived as both man and animal , male and effeminate , young and old , they are the most versatile and elusive of all Greek gods ” . ( Albert Henrichs ) .
Of course it is the vine motif that flashes first into our minds when we think about Dionysus .
Indeed , this aspect of their personality is represented in some of the most famous artwork of which they are the subject . For example , the seminal ‘ Hermes and the infant Dionysus ' shows the older god dangling grapes over the head of the younger .
Likewise , this facet of the god was a regular feature in literature .
Among the earliest poets , it can be seen that the wine-giver holds a particular place of affection in the hearts of the poetical :
“ Cut off all the grape clusters…show them to the sun for ten days…cover them for five , and on the sixth day draw off into vessels the gifts of joyful Dionysus. ” ( Hesiod , Works and Days ) .
Elsewhere , Hesiod refers to the god as ‘ he of many delights ' and Homer , in the Iliad , calls them the ‘ comforter of humankind ' .
The following twist on that theme , from Euripides ' The Bacchae , will be of particular interest to those of us for whom Sunday is more than merely a day to watch football and mow the lawn :
“ When mortals drink their fill of wine , the sufferings of our unhappy race are banished , each day 's troubles are forgotten in sleep . There is no other cure for sorrow . Dionysus , themselves a god , is thus poured out in offering to the gods , so that through them come blessings on humankind ” .
Though unlike Mr J.C. of Nazareth , Dionysus may well have been , quite astonishingly , a teetotaler .
Although there are some Renaissance depictions of them imbibing their own gift , in antiquity this is not the case .
That said , they are almost invariably depicted close to wine , grapes , or drunkards ; their entourage of satyrs is forever indulging in inebriated dancing , fornicating and revelling in general .
And if the satyrs represent all the naughty fun and frolics that go hand in hand with overindulgence , it is the maenads ( or bacchae ) , female followers of the god , who lend things a dark and sinister air .
Maenads , on their annual pilgrimage to the mountains , would pay homage to the god by inducing in each other a ritualised frenzy , often described ( by others ) as a madness . Though commentators have often used drink or drugs to explain this away , contemporary accounts put it down to an infusion of the god into the body ; perhaps a form of intense , liberating meditation .
Both in art and literature this mania culminates in the bare-handed rending of a live animal ( sparagmos ) and the raw consumption of its flesh ( omophagia ) .
The once-popular idea that this carcass was a ritualised ingestion of the god themselves is no longer in vogue ( though remains to be convincingly refuted ) . The fact that Euripides interpolates King Pentheus into the role of sacrificial animal implies that cannibalism , though ghastly , does not seem to be wholly inappropriate .
Ignoring the god/man-eating aspect , the fact that the sacrificial meat was uncooked is a perverse act in and of itself and an example of how Dionysus revels in their role as disrupter of the social order .
This too is reflected in their public festivals , of which there were at least seven annually in Athens alone . Characteristics of these celebrations were excessive and open drunkenness , obscenity , lubriciousness and transvestitism ; all amidst huge , decorative phalli that lend a je ne sais quoi to any event .
Along with wine , intoxication and ritual madness , Dionysus was also a god of theatre – comedy and tragedy reflecting perfectly the dichotomy within their soul – as well as masks , impersonation and , almost paradoxically , the afterlife .
Indeed , this aspect should not be belittled as they constantly crop up in funeral art . The pre-Socratic philosopher , Heraclitus , went as far as to say : “ Dionysus , in whose honour they rave in bacchic frenzy , and Hades are the same ” .
So how are we supposed to view this internally incongruous , but undoubtedly important god ?
Well , Dionysus is certainly a joke , but a joke borne of lust and power , of wine and spite , of ecstasy and shame .
Their beauty and brutality are so pervasive that at times they are almost the embodiment of a last request ; one final moment of frenzied delight before the trapdoor opens and the noose tightens .
They are death , blood , beauty , pain , art , ecstasy , elation , and envy ; a man for whom one would gladly hold a feast day , perhaps without acknowledging the dreadful truth of what could potentially be on the menu .
Euripides certainly portrays them as a creature of horror and violence ; one desirous of carrying out torture and humiliation .
Perhaps as one so cruel and beautiful , powerful and appetitive , they are not merely versatile , but strikes to the heart of our own divine empathy .
After all , there is barely a man who ever existed who does n't have something in common with Dionysus . And it may be this , more than anything else , that fascinates and repels in almost equal measure .
World 's longest slide to be wrapped around London 's Orbit Tower
by Tom Anstey | 30 Jul 2015
The Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park , home of the London 2012 Olympic Games , has confirmed plans to build the world 's tallest and longest slide inside the ArcelorMittal Orbit tower .
Due to open to the public in Q1 2016 , the 180m ( 590ft ) helter skelter by Bblur Architects will start 76m ( 249 ft ) above the ground , circling the tower five times before a 50m ( 164ft ) straight run at the bottom . The slide will include transparent sections so riders can look at the view of the surrounding Olympic Park as they descend .
The tower itself has been somewhat controversial , receiving a largely negative public response to its potential both as a visitor attraction and because of its industrial look . Designed by Turner-Prize winning artist Sir Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond of engineering Group Arup , the £19.1m ( US $ 29.8m , €27.2m ) , 114.5m ( 376ft ) tall sculpture and observation tower is Britain 's largest piece of public art .
`` What more exciting way to descend the ArcelorMittal Orbit than on the world 's longest and tallest tunnel slide , ” said Peter Tudor , director of visitor services at the park . “ This slide really will give a different perspective of Britain 's tallest sculpture .
`` We are committed to ensuring our visitors have the best possible day out every time they visit , and as with all our venues , we are constantly exploring ways to ensure we lead the way with the latest visitor experience . ''
This wo n't be the first innovative slide project to be installed at a major London art landmark . In June , a specially-commissioned pair of slides which allow visitors to travel from the Hayward 's Gallery iconic glass pyramid ceiling to the entrance level were opened to fun-loving members of the public .
Something is very wrong on US college campuses . Universities in the nation that gave us the Free Speech Movement have been besieged by an unholy alliance between student offence-takers and busybody bureaucrats , willing to ban speakers and snuff out inconvenient thought . Worse still , over the past 12 months , a supposed backlash against the campus speech police has descended into farce . A small band of un-PC provocateurs , who have taken up free speech as their cause , are met at every campus they visit by illiberal-liberal protesters . The noble fight for free speech has become its own kind of culture war .
That 's why , this year , our sister US free-speech charity , spiked US , founded the Unsafe Space Tour , bringing all-star free-speech line-ups – including Steven Pinker , Laura Kipnis , Bret Weinstein , Sarah Haider , Kmele Foster , Wendy Kaminer and Brendan O'Neill – to US college campuses . Our events so far have shown that we free-speechers have our work cut out for us . We were forced to hold our Title IX event in DC off campus , after students threatened to protest against it and the American University administration pulled our venue at the last minute . Our Rutgers panel , on identity politics , was protested against outside and disrupted inside by Black Lives Matter activists .
But the tour so far has been enlightening and encouraging , too . Our aim is to draw out the radical , humanist case for free speech , to convince students that every college should be an Unsafe Space , and we found packed rooms of students and academics receptive to this message , and up for a no-holds-barred debate . The 2017 tour is now over . But stay tuned for more events , and videos for all of the panels so far will be posted below soon . If you 'd like to be kept updated , or if you want to bring the tour to your campus , email Tom Slater . And if you 'd like to help keep the show on the road , donate here .
Past events
Is political correctness why Trump won ?
Harvard University , Cambridge , MA – Monday , November 6 , 2017 The shock election of Donald Trump has sent many looking for answers . Why did n't their outlandish statements , their ‘ locker-room talk ' and their out-there views sink their candidacy in the way it would have sunk others ? While many have chalked their win up to racism , xenophobia and misogyny – others suggest it was a revolt precisely against those who so casually throw around those labels . In short , the election was a referendum on political correctness , a choice between the immaculately focus-grouped Clinton and the from-the-hip Trump . Did PC culture get Trump elected ? Will their presidency serve as an antidote to offence culture ? Or is the thin-skinned Trump , who rankles at any criticism , just a different kind of ‘ snowflake ' ?
Wendy Kaminer is a lawyer and social critic . They have written about law , liberty and feminism for publications including the New York Times , the Atlantic and the Wall Street Journal . They are the author of eight books , including Free for All : Defending Liberty in America Today .
Steven Pinker is Johnstone Family Professor in the department of psychology at Harvard University . They have written for the New York Times , Time and the Atlantic , and is the author of 10 books , including The Better Angels of Our Nature . Their forthcoming book , Enlightenment Now , will be published in February 2018 . @ sapinker
Brendan O'Neill is editor of spiked and a regular columnist for Reason and the Spectator . They have also written for the LA Times , the Sun , the Australian , and more . This year , they were named the best online columnist at the Maggie Awards . They are the author , most recently , of A Duty to Offend .
Robby Soave is associate editor at Reason and a columnist for the Daily Beast . They have also written for the New York Times , the New York Post , CNN , USA Today , and more . They are currently on sabbatical , writing a book on activism in the age of Trump . @ robbysoave
Is the left eating itself ?
New York Law School , NYC – Thursday , November 2 , 2017 Right-wingers have long been the targets of campus protests and calls for censorship . But , in recent years , self-avowed progressives , feminists and anti-racists have also been caught in the crosshairs . Feminist Laura Kipnis , a professor at Northwestern , was recently investigated by campus authorities after students took issue with an article they wrote about student-professor relationships . And a progressive professor named Bret Weinstein at Evergreen State College is currently facing calls for their resignation due to criticisms they made of an anti-racist protest . Have today 's young progressives abandoned free speech ? Is the campus left turning on its own ? Or are these students simply holding their forbears to a higher , more progressive standard ?
Bret Weinstein is an evolutionary theorist and a former professor of biology at Evergreen State College . This year , they were at the centre of a national news story when they criticised an anti-racist protest at Evergreen that asked white people to stay away from campus . There were calls for their resignation , and protesters took over the campus . Read more about Bret and their work here . @ BretWeinstein
Angus Johnston is a historian of student activism and student government , and a professor at the City University of New York . They have contributed to Rolling Stone , the Chronicle of Higher Education , Inside Higher Ed and Slate , and has appeared on MSNBC , C-SPAN and Fox . Angus also regularly speaks on college campuses . @ studentactivism
Laura Kipnis is a feminist essayist and academic . They are professor of media studies at Northwestern University and the author of seven books . Them latest , Unwanted Advances , expands upon their criticism of campus sexual-harassment policies . Due to their writing on the subject , they were subject to a Title IX investigation at Northwestern . @ laurakipnis
Brendan O'Neill is editor of spiked and a regular columnist for Reason and the Spectator . They have also written for the LA Times , the Sun , the Australian , and more . This year , they were named the best online columnist at the Maggie Awards . They are the author , most recently , of A Duty to Offend .
Identity politics : the new racialism on campus ?
Rutgers University , New Brunswick , NJ – Monday , October 2 , 2017 The debate about racial equality is alive again on college campuses . But is it being mired in identity politics and competitive claims of victimhood ? Tequila-themed parties or clumsy questions about where a student ‘ is from ' have been recast as subtle forms of racism , as ‘ cultural appropriation ' or ‘ microaggressions ' . And the idea that one 's identity gives one a special insight into certain issues is common . Those who dissent from an established view , whether they are from a minority community or not , are often shouted down . Discussions about police brutality towards African-Americans are particularly tense – one Wesleyan student was protested for writing a critical op-ed about Black Lives Matter . Similarly , criticism of Islam is often labelled Islamophobia , as a bigotry against Muslims rather than a rejection or dislike of the religion . By deciding who can speak on a topic and who can not , by urging students of different backgrounds to tiptoe around one another , are student activists re-racialising campus life ? Are students today really interested in fighting for equality , or merely competing for victim status ?
Kmele Foster is founder and lead producer at Freethink Media . They are also a regular contributor to various political TV shows , and co-hosts a weekly podcast , The Fifth Column . @ kmele
Sarah Haider is a writer , speaker , activist and co-founder of Ex-Muslims of North America . They promote free speech , human rights , liberalism and atheism . @ SarahTheHaider
Mark Lilla is professor of the humanities at Columbia University , and is a regular contributor to the New York Review of Books and the international press . Their article ‘ After Identity Liberalism ' was the most read political opinion piece in the New York Times in 2016 . Their new book is The Once and Future Liberal : After Identity Politics .
Bryan Stascavage is a writer , free-speech advocate and student at Wesleyan University . In 2015 , they wrote an article for the Wesleyan Argus that criticised the tactics of Black Lives Matter , sparking protests and calls to defund the paper . @ bstas10
