Facebook continues to see increased requests for user data from governments worldwide , according to its latest transparency report .
The social network first introduced the reports , which give raw figures on data requests and data granted , in 2013 to help increase visibility on government behavior . Facebook is limited on what information it can share , but sheer numbers show requests hit 78,890 in the first half of 2017 , an increase of 33 percent year-on-year and 23 percent on the previous six-month period .
The U.S. , India , UK , Germany and France were the most active in making data requests , accounting for 41 percent , 12 percent , nine percent , seven percent and six percent of the numbers , respectively . Each of those country 's government had more than 50 percent of requests granted , with the U.S. ( 85 percent ) , UK ( 90 percent ) and France ( 74 percent ) notable for higher rates .
The amount of data restricted by Facebook to governments also shot up in the first half of 2017 to reach 28,036 , up from 6,944 the previous quarter and 9,666 one year prior . However , much of that figure can be traced back to a tragic shooting at a school in Mexico , which resulted in Facebook restricting access to 20,506 pieces of content .
Despite the disclosures there remains plenty that Facebook ca n't say , particularly around the nature and intention of data requests from governments . That 's particularly true in the U.S ..
“ Fifty-seven percent of the data requests we received from law enforcement in the U.S. contained a non-disclosure order that prohibited us from notifying the user , up from 50 percent in our last report , ” Facebook Deputy General Counsel Chris Sonderby wrote in a blog post .
Facebook 's U.S. government score for the first half of 2017
Beyond state-related communication , Facebook has also introduced more accountability on IP-related content requests for the first time .
More than 200,000 copyright requests were made related to Facebook content , with 68 percent actioned on and 1.8 million pieces of content “ actioned. ” Some 70,000 requests for copyright came to Instagram , with 685,000 pieces of content removed .
Over 110,000 pieces of Facebook content were removed for trademark infringement , with over 37,000 removed from Instagram .
The numbers are quite revealing when it comes to claims of counterfeits . Facebook said 217,265 of content on its social network were removed after it acted on 81 percent of 14,279 claims in the first half of the year . On Instagram , it took action against 108,094 posts following 10,231 counterfeit claims .
Counterfeit claims against Instagram content rose steadily in the first half of 2017 , with June 's complaint number ( 2,191 reports ) higher than the number of complaints filed for Facebook in April and close to other months . Still , the actual number of content that was taken action against was lower on Instagram than Facebook , but it is a glimpse of the rise of Instagram as a medium of influence and importance even if Facebook remains the larger social network in terms of content .
Detailed model could be used by scholars and moviemakers in the future
Recreates 320AD as it was at the height of its grandeur before its decline
An incredible 3D reconstruction offers a rare glimpse at the grandest city of the world in all its glory . at the height of Rome 's greatness .
The virtual reality video takes the viewer through the city in first person , visiting all the famous sites including the Pantheon and the Colosseum , as they would have looked in 320 AD .
But what is totally unique about the simulation is that academics have filled in all the gaps , using historic records to recreate the streets and forums that would have existed in the period .
The virtual reality tour takes the visitor through the city in first person , visiting all the famous sites including the Pantheon and the Colosseum , as they would have looked in 320 AD
The footage offers a detailed and insightful recreation of what the inside of the Pantheon , which can still be seen today , would have looked liked 1,700 years ago
It also looks at famous sites including the Colosseum ( right ) and the Arch of Constantine , commissioned by the emperor who eventually moved the capital to Constantinople , and never saw the landmark finished
What is totally unique about the simulation is that academics have filled in all the gaps , using historic records to recreate the streets and forums that would have existed in the period
Academics who took part in the Rome Reborn project chose 320 AD as it is believed the city was at its most developed at that time , shortly before emperor Constantine moved the empire 's capital to Constantinople , modern-day Istanbul .
After that period , Rome entered decline , but in 320AD it was at the height of its grandeur , with a population of 1-2million , more than any city in Britain apart from London .
The city remained the most heavily populated in the western world until 19th century London .
The tour takes the viewer to Palatine Hill , showing the vast palaces that the emperors of Rome enjoyed , looking down on all of the grand city .
The narrator explains how the term palace actually originated from Palatine Hill , which eventually came to mean anywhere an emperor lives , but deriving from the physical place in Rome .
While today , only a number of columns and ruins can be seen at the ancient site , the reconstruction flies low over the city , showing the hill and all the building around it below .
Below it is the Circus Maximus , where the Romans would hold chariot races , animal hunts and religious festivals in the long , rectangular arena , recreated in detail .
The tour takes the viewer to Palatine Hill , showing the vast palaces that the emperors of Rome enjoyed , looking down on all of the grand city
While some of the landmarks on the hill can still be seen today ( pictured ) , the 3D model fills in the gaps and gives a better idea of what it may have looked like when it stood in all its glory
The narrator explains how the term palace actually originated from Palatine Hill ( pictured ) , which eventually came to mean anywhere an emperor lives , but deriving from the physical place in Rome
The Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus ( best and greatest , pictured top left ) towers above the streets
The model , in recreating the hole city rather than individual sites , shows how close it was to the palace so that the emperor could simply walk down the hill to watch the spectacles .
It also shows the incredible aqueducts that made Rome possible , towering above the streets , bringing fresh water from the mountains 30 to 40 km away .
There is this sot of ambition , the idea that man can control nature . Humans do not have to build a city where the water is already but one can actually bend nature to mans will Dr Steven Zucker
Set high above the homes and forums below , they brought a steady flow of water into the city , using pinpoint accurate calculations to create a downhill slop sometimes as gradual as one foot down for every 2,000 across .
The narrator , Dr Steven Zucker - talking to creator Dr Bernard Frischer says that the feet of engineering seen in the video tells us a lot about the Roman Empire .
'There is this sot of ambition , the idea that man can control nature . Humans do not have to build a city where the water is already but one can actually bend nature to mans will , ' they say .
The tour also visits the Baths of Trajan - public baths that became the model for others all over Rome .
It visits The Colosseum , although explains that at the time , it was known as the Flavius amphitheater , after the emperor Vespasian ( from the Flavius dynasty ) who built it .
The huge stadium , parts of which can still be seen today , was once a lake on 100 acres that the mad emperor Nero had taken from public usage and used to create their own personal gardens .
The model shows a detailed close-up of the huge statue of the Sun God , known as Collossus , which is where the name it is known by today comes from .
The Colosseum ( centre ) sits next to the Tober Island , on the main river that divides Rome into two
The huge Colosseum ( pictured ) , parts of which can still be seen today , was once a lake on 100 acres that the mad emperor Nero had taken from public usage and used to create their own personal gardens
It also shows the Arch of Constantine as it would have looked in 300 AD , built by an emperor who never got to see it fully completed .
There are images of the Temple of Venus and Rome , built by Hardrian , showing how Venus looks onto the amphitheater ( as they represented leisure ) and Rome looked onto the more serious side of the city .
Also featured is the Basilica of Maxentius , the civic building mainly used for courts , the city 's main forum , and Campus Martius , commonly known as the Field of Mars
Finally there are incredible images of the Pantheon , from inside and out , comparing how the building looks today with how it would have looked nearly 1,700 years ago
The model of the 25 square km city will be used by academics studying it , but may also be used by computer game and moviemakers in the future .
The Abbott government must treble Australia 's minimum 2020 target for greenhouse gas emissions from 5 % below 2000 levels to 15 % to have a “ credible ” role in international efforts to slow global warming , according to the independent Climate Change Authority .
The authority , which the government is seeking to abolish , says the costs of such an increase would be “ manageable ” , involving a reduction of only 0.02 % in annual average income growth per person compared with meeting the 5 % target , under “ effective ” domestic policies , especially if Australia bought some carbon abatement internationally .
But the government 's immediate priority is to abolish the former Labor government 's carbon pricing scheme and implement its own grants-based policy designed to meet only a 5 % target .
The environment minister , Greg Hunt , said the government would meet its 5 % target through its Direct Action plan and “ any additional targets will be reviewed in 2015 in the lead-up to the Paris conference , as has been our longstanding position ” . But the Paris conference will negotiate an agreement to take effect after 2020 , not the 2020 targets discussed in the authority 's report .
Despite the Coalition 's pre-election bipartisan commitment to increase Australia 's 2020 emissions reduction target to up to 25 % under a specific set of conditions for global action set down in 2009 , the prime minister , Tony Abbott , has claimed since the election the government had made no commitments to go further than 5 % .
“ We have made one commitment and one commitment only , which is to reduce our emissions by 5 % … we have never made any commitments , any commitments to any binding targets over and above that , in the absence of absolutely clear evidence that other countries are going to take a very serious like approach … and there is no evidence of that , ” Abbott said last year .
But the authority says Australia 's 5 % target is much weaker than targets set by countries including the US , Britain and Norway , and points out countries such as China are also stepping up emission reduction efforts .
It says all the 2009 conditions for moving above a 5 % target have been met , as have many of the conditions for a 15 % target .
The government is required to state by 30 April whether it intends to move beyond 5 % for its 2020 target . A post-2020 agreement is supposed to be finalised by the end of next year .
The government has ruled out purchasing permits overseas , but the authority recommends it set up a special fund to buy international permits to meet a higher target , which are available at “ historically low prices ” . It says the government could buy all the permits needed to move from a 5 % target to a 15 % target by 2020 for between $ 200m and $ 900m .
The authority also recommends Australia “ carry over ” emission credits it accrued during the period of the Kyoto protocol , when Australia easily met a target allowing it to increase emissions slightly , largely due to a pre-existing policy of slowing the rate of land clearing . The authority says these “ credits ” should be added on to the national effort until 2020 – which would effectively take the national emissions reduction from 15 % to 19 % below 2000 levels .
Industry groups were quick to reject the report . The Minerals Council of Australia ( MCA ) said it showed the authority had “ lost touch with reality ” and demonstrated why “ this climate policy relic put forward by the Australian Greens needs to be abolished ” . The MCA said a 15 % target would cause more job losses and should be ignored .
But the Climate Institute said the report should “ shatter the wilful blindness amongst political and business leaders that the current minimum 5 % 2020 reduction target is adequate or economically responsible ” .
And Greens leader Christine Milne said the report “ made a complete mockery ” of the Coalition 's 5 % target .
The Climate Change Authority is chaired by the former reserve bank chief Bernie Fraser and its board includes the chief scientist , Ian Chubb , and former head of the Australian Industry group Heather Ridout .
It says doing more between now and 2020 will also help Australia meet its fair share of a long-term global effort to slow global warming , which will require domestic emission reductions by 2030 of between 40 % and 60 % .
The authority points out that Australia 's emissions were about the same in 2012 as they were in 1990 , despite a doubling in the size of the economy , an achievement it says was due both to “ broader economic forces ” and to “ policy ” . But it says if Australia does not have a carbon price or other “ effective ” policies from now on , emissions will grow to 17 % above 2000 levels by 2020 . That , it says , would leave an “ improbably large task for future Australians to make a fair contribution to global efforts ” to constrain global warming to 2C .
The Coalition 's Direct Action policy – so far allocated $ 1.5bn – is designed to meet only the 5 % minimum target by offering competitive government grants to businesses , farmers and organisations proposing to reduce emissions .
Independent modelling has suggested it does not have enough money to meet even the 5 % target , but the government insists it will easily achieve its aims . All analysis suggests it would be extremely difficult to “ scale up ” to a higher target .
Modelling has also found that cutting emissions further than 5 % under Direct Action would be prohibitively expensive – the same charge levelled by the Coalition minister Malcolm Turnbull when they explained in 2011 that continuing to use a big government taxpayer-funded scheme to reduce emissions in the long term would “ become a very expensive charge on the budget in the years ahead ” .
Pre-election promises by the Coalition would consider higher targets than 5 % were made by Hunt , in an article for the Australian Financial Review , in which they said “ the Coalition is committed to a target of a 5 % reduction in emissions and the conditions for extending that target further , based on international action ” and in a speech to the Grattan Institute thinktank in July , when Hunt said “ we also accept , and we gave support to the government for the targets , not just the 5 % but also the conditions for change ... we accept the targets , clearly , categorically , absolutely ” .
And Abbott stated the Coalition 's commitment in a letter to the former prime minister Kevin Rudd in December 2009 , subsequently released under freedom of information laws , in which they requested information on the costs of the proposed emissions trading scheme , but also wrote “ the Coalition 's position of bipartisan support for emissions reduction targets – subject to the conditions that were earlier outlined – remains unchanged ” .
A New York State man listed as a student and football player at Lehigh University punched a fellow student , knocking them unconscious and leaving them with multiple facial fractures , according to police .
It occurred about 12:30 a.m. Friday at an off-campus apartment in the 600 block of Pierce Street on South Side Bethlehem , court records say .
Thomas Zuewsky , 21 , of Woodbourne , allegedly came into the backyard of the home , began yelling and refused to leave .
The victim saw Zuewsky yelling at another male and apparently about to engage them in a fight , according to police . The victim stepped in between Zuewsky and the other male and was punched , allegedly by Zuewsky .
Knocked unconscious , the victim fell to the ground .
The 6 foot , 4 inches , 300-pound Zuewsky left the yard , and the victim later sought medical treatment at St. Luke 's University Hospital in Fountain Hill , police said ; the victim `` had significant swelling and bruising to their right eye and multiple facial fractures resulting from the assault . ''
Zuewsky faces charges filed through District Judge Nancy Matos Gonzalez 's office of felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor simple assault and reckless endangerment .
They were arraigned Tuesday and briefly sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of 10 percent of $ 25,000 bail . They were released later that day after bail was posted .
Dating site tryst leads to rape , police say
Zuewsky did not immediately return an email seeking comment on the allegations . They are listed as a junior , offensive lineman for the Mountain Hawks on the football team 's roster at lehighsports.com .
A university spokesperson declined to comment , saying they could not share any student information because of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act .
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow them on Twitter @ KurtBresswein . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
Source : Anthony from Revzilla
By BoochZilla
Changing Seasons , Changing Gears We all know about changing gears on the bike . Up is “ up ” , and down is “ down. ” How about that riding skill called changing gears between your ears ? Autumn is a great time for riding . Temperatures are moderate and , in many parts of the land , beautiful color tours await . But the change in seasons also brings some different riding conditions that may require some mental gear changes .
Wildlife
As the leaves change and the die-off of summer vegetation occurs , deer , found virtually everywhere in North America , begin to change their feeding habits and move about more . Likewise , it 's their breeding season and is accompanied by an increasing frenzy of activity . In the autumn , in many states , this is compounded by the fact of their being spooked by hunters . The end result is more movement , more activity , and a greater threat to you as a motorcyclist . Change gears and give more thought to the possibility of deer on the road – especially less traveled two-laners and during the post-dawn and pre-sunset hours . The same applies to areas where our even bigger antlered friends ( Antelope , Elk , Moose ) wander . Cover the brake and give increased heed to those “ deer crossing ” signs .
Reduced Daylight
Not only are the forest critters in the road more active around dawn and dusk but dawn is arriving later , and dusk much earlier . If you are a year round rider or commuter , chances are increasing that you will be riding in darkness . You may want to make sure that your motorcycle gear ( and bike ) is up to the challenge .
Is your bike 's charging system performing correctly ? Are all your lights working ? Maybe it 's time to think again about that auxiliary lighting you 've been looking at all Summer . Do your riding jacket or pants have reflective strips or panels ? If not , why ? Time to upgrade perhaps ? You 've been riding all year with sunglasses . What about your nighttime vision ? Is the prescription for your glasses or contact lenses up to date ?
Bridge Freezes Before Road Surface
We all know this sign or its cousin “ Icy Conditions. ” We 've all scoffed at it throughout the warm weather riding season . Now it 's time to take serious heed . Especially in late afternoon , or early evening , as air temperatures fall toward the freezing mark , the ground can and does retain a great deal of warmth . But bridges and overpasses , completely surrounded by the chilled air , may not . The absolute worst is in light drizzle with temperatures hovering right around 32 degrees . The roadway may be simply wet . Bridges can be something far more challenging . And steel open grate bridges are the worst . It may be time to just go home ! Also keep in mind that during the early morning hours underpasses can be treacherous when the sun warms the countryside but the underpass remains in the shade and overnight icing fails to melt . Caution is advised .
Focus on the Cold
When the temperature dips , we all feel it . Typically at 60mph you can add a 20 degree windchill to the ambient air temperature while riding . That means that you can go from comfy to cold in a hurry . Cold hands , feet or other parts or the body are just as bad as a poorly fitting piece of gear – they cause discomfort which leads to a loss of focus .
Wearing the appropriate base layers , mid layers , shell and potentially heated gear will greatly improve your chances for riding fun and safety . Also , take into account elevation changes on longer rides and make an extra effort to check the forecast in the cooler temp ranges as a little rain can produce much more extreme riding conditions quickly , than similar conditions at more reasonable temps .
Wet Leaves
Ice is n't the only slip and fall hazard . All those beautiful fall colors – the photogenic oranges , reds , and browns that cover the landscape eventually fall to the ground as winter begins to exert its hold . As often as not the leaves fall en mass as a rainstorm drives them from the trees and directly into your roadway ! And wet leaves can be as slippery as ice ! How do we protect ourselves ?
With the same methodologies we use to avoid nasty surprises like loose gravel or decreasing radius corners . Remember that it 's always heading up looking as far as possible into the turns and continue to practice what the Motorcycle Safety Foundation calls late apex cornering . You are less likely to run wide , have better visibility into the corner , and there is more margin for error if you simply practice braking a bit earlier , doing all your turning before the apex , and smoothly accelerating after the apex .
Riding into the autumn and into early winter brings some new challenges but they are all manageable if we just mentally change gears and adapt . Do so and you 'll enjoy another great season of motorcycling and you can always beef up your cold weather riding gear as well . Here 's hoping that everyone gets through the fall season without having to take evasive action on freezing or wet leaves to avoid a deer at sunset . Ride safe !
Never love unless you can
Bear with all the faults of man !
Men sometimes will jealous be
Though but little because they see ,
And hang the head as discontent ,
And speak what straight they will repent . Men , that but one Saint adore ,
Make a show of love to more ;
Beauty must be scorned in none ,
Though but truly served in one :
For what is courtship but disguise ?
True hearts may have dissembling eyes . Men , when their affairs require ,
Must awhile themselves retire ;
Sometimes hunt , and sometimes hawk ,
And not ever sit and talk :
If these and such-like you can bear ,
Then like , and love , and never fear ! “ Advice to a Girl ” by Thomas Campion . Public Domain . ( buy now )
Today is the birthday of Italian-born Viennese composer Antonio Salieri , born in Legnago , in the Republic of Venice ( 1750 ) . Although they were quite popular in the 18th century , they probably would n't be well known today were it not for the movie Amadeus ( 1984 ) . The movie was based on Peter Shaffer 's play by the same name ( 1979 ) , which was in turn based on a short play by Aleksandr Pushkin , which was called Mozart and Salieri ( 1830 ) . These stories all present Salieri as a mediocre and uninspired composer who was jealous of Mozart 's musical genius ; Salieri tried to discredit Mozart at every turn , and some versions of the story even accuse them of poisoning their rival . But Salieri was a talented and successful composer , writing the scores for several popular operas . They had a happy home life with their wife and eight children . And because they had received free voice and composition lessons from a generous mentor as a young man , they also gave most of their students the benefit of free instruction . Some of their pupils included Beethoven , Franz Liszt , and Franz Schubert . They were the Kapellmeister — the person in charge of music — for the Austrian emperor for 36 years . They and Mozart were competitors , but their rivalry was usually a friendly one ; Salieri visited Mozart when they were dying , and was one of the few people to attend their funeral . After the turn of the 19th century , Salieri 's music began to fall out of fashion . `` I realized that musical taste was gradually changing in a manner completely contrary to that of my own times , '' they wrote . `` Eccentricity and confusion of genres replaced reasoned and masterful simplicity . '' They stopped composing operas and began to produce more and more religious pieces . They suffered from dementia late in their life and died in 1825 . They had composed their own requiem 20 years earlier , and it was performed for the first time at their funeral .
Today is the birthday of Margaret Murie ( books by this author ) , born in Seattle , Washington ( 1902 ) . They were the first woman to graduate from the University of Alaska , which they did in 1924 , when it was known as the Alaska Agricultural College and School of Mines . That 's also where they met their future husband , Olaus Murie ; they married in 1924 and spent eight months — a period they called their honeymoon — traveling around Alaska by boat and dogsled , researching caribou . Murie wrote a memoir of their early days together : Two in the Far North ( 1957 ) . Murie was instrumental in the formation of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the passage of the Wilderness Act , each of which protected millions of acres of wilderness . They received the Audubon Medal , the John Muir Award , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom . They died in 2003 , at the age of 101 .
Today is the birthday of the explorer Meriwether Lewis ( books by this author ) , born just outside of Charlottesville , Virginia ( 1774 ) . Thomas Jefferson chose them to explore the new Louisiana Territory in 1804 , and they in turn asked William Clark to be their partner on the journey . Lewis was the younger of the two , and whereas Clark was easy-going and friendly , Lewis was quiet and intellectual . Lewis kept meticulous journals and recorded everything they saw : prairie dogs , grizzly bears , and Native American tribes both friendly and hostile . When the account of the expedition was collected and published , most of the words were Lewis 's . Among the many written observations of geography , Indian customs , and flora and fauna , Lewis also sent back specimens to Thomas Jefferson of the most interesting things he 'd found . Among the varied items were several living animals : four magpies , one sharp-tailed grouse , and one black-tailed prairie dog . The prairie dog and one of the magpies arrived in good health , and they spent the rest of their days in the nation 's capital . For their work , Lewis was paid a handsome salary , received 1,600 acres of land , and was made governor of the Louisiana Territory . But they were prone to depression and alcoholism , and they died in 1809 , probably by their own hand .
On this date in 1920 , the 19th Amendment to the Constitution was ratified , giving women the right to vote . The first national constitutional amendment had been proposed in Congress in 1878 , and in every Congress session after that . Finally , in 1919 , it narrowly passed both houses of Congress and was sent to the states to be ratified . Most Southern states opposed the amendment , and on August 18 , 1920 , it all came down to Tennessee . The pro-amendment faction wore yellow roses in their lapels , and the `` anti '' faction wore red American Beauty roses . It was a close battle and the state legislature was tied 48 to 48 . The decision came down to one vote : that of 24-year-old Harry Burn , the youngest state legislator . They had been expected to vote against it , but they had in their pocket a note from their mother , which read : `` Dear Son : Hurrah , and vote for suffrage ! Do n't keep them in doubt . I noticed some of the speeches against . They were bitter . I have been watching to see how you stood , but have not noticed anything yet . Do n't forget to be a good boy and help Mrs. Catt put the 'rat ' in ratification . Your Mother . '' They voted in favor of the amendment .
Be well , do good work , and keep in touch.®
The iPhone 6 supports Wi-Fi calling . But does your carrier support it ?
If you 're in the U.S. , the answer to that is probably “ not yet . ”
Wi-Fi Calling essentially turns any Wi-Fi router you 've got access to a private extension of your carrier 's cell network . As long as you 're on Wi-Fi , you 'll be able to make standard voice calls and send texts regardless of whether your carrier 's signal is up to snuff in that spot .
For now , the only U.S. carrier that can officially say it 'll support iOS 8 's new Voice Over Wi-Fi functionality is T-Mobile — hence its big event about it just one day after Apple 's announcement .
But fear not , AT & T customers ! You 'll be getting in on the Wi-Fi fun too … eventually .
Speaking at an event in New York this afternoon , AT & T CEO Ralph de la Vega mentioned it almost in passing : AT & T will support Voice over Wi-Fi sometime in 2015 .
So , why the hold-up ? The short version : for Wi-Fi calling to work properly , your carrier 's network also needs to support Voice Over LTE ( VoLTE ) . This is what allows for a seamless handoff — that is , it 's what allows you to start a call on your Wi-Fi network , leave your house , and seamlessly continue the call on the cellular network without having to redial .
[ via LightReading ]
REUTERS/Kevork Djansezian
As a frequent advisor to filmmakers telling complex internationally-themed stories or needing to shoot in tough-to-access locations , I am one of a handful of people in Washington who has actually seen The Interview .
For starters , it is very funny , in the Seth Rogen foul-mouthed , silly way .
And while the propriety of showing a real world head of state being assassinated can be debated - the latest in a long list of political and social boundaries pushed by Hollywood - it also has moments that are surprisingly smart and politically astute .
That is why the North Koreans have reacted so aggressively . Because if this movie is seen by audiences around the world , and if copies are pirated in to North Korea , it is a very real challenge to the ruling regime 's legitimacy .
In The Interview , Seth Rogen and James Franco , as celebrity interviewer and aspirant hard news producer invited to question Kim Jong-un on live TV , openly ask why the country can spend billions of dollars on a nuclear weapon program but needs $ 100 million in UN aid each year to feed its people .
The hagiography of Kim Jong-un is relentlessly mocked - the idea of the Dear Successor as superhero meets military genius with a little style icon and dolphin whisperer thrown in plays for big laughs .
North Korea 's domestic narrative , where the calendar begins with the birth of Kim Il Sung , the country 's founder , and now lives in the year 103 , is explained to show how disconnected the place is from the rest of the world .
There are serious riffs on North Korea 's gulags and horrifying human rights record , decades of famine , brainwashing propaganda , and cartoonish self-importance .
When The Interview veers in to these sociopolitical realities and with some 45 million people worldwide having watched Rogen 's last two movies , it becomes quite subversive to the Pyongyang government .
Think of the movie as Chernobyl for the digital age . Just as the nuclear catastrophe in the Soviet Union and the dangerously clumsy efforts to hide it exposed the Kremlin 's leadership as inept and morally bankrupt , overseeing a superpower rusting from the inside , so does The Interview risk eroding the myths , fabrications and bluster that keep the Kim dynasty in power .
Rogen and director Evan Goldberg intentionally did not avoid dangerous content . They could have fictionalized an authoritarian country and an egomaniac leader , they could have played Kim Jong-un as bland and one dimensional , or given them a life-saving epiphany . It would have been safer that way , but not credible , and critics who now see the movie as reckless would have seen a vanilla version as naive and apologist .
After well publicized threats from North Korea , Sony Pictures had pulled the film from all distribution but is now rolling out The Interview in a number of independent theaters and online beginning Wednesday at 1 pm . That is the right thing to do because the issue is so much bigger than a poop-jokes-and-politics movie . This was a chance to shine a spotlight on a very dangerous and insecure North Korea , and to catalyze a renewed debate about how to responsibly engage the country .
Consider the real world North Korea : a country that has long threatened the world with nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles now adds a new and dangerous form of asymmetrical warfare to its arsenal . Exposing Americans to the true , repressive nature of the North Korean regime , which has been catalogued in horrifying detail by a recent UN investigation , and pressing our foreign policy community to improve the lot of the North Korean people would be a worthy outcome from The Interview .
Satire is a legitimate way to challenge ideas . See films like Bulworth , Three Kings , Dr. Strangelove , Being There or a long list of others that pushed people to think beyond the movie screen , even if uncomfortably , and put issues in front of audiences thousands of times bigger and more diverse than the most widely read op-ed or human rights report . The past weeks have introduced us to a serious new threat which should spur multinational efforts to resolve longstanding Korean Peninsula frictions and hostilities .
The Interview has more smart and substantive moments than most would rightfully expect . The world should see it now , putting the sting of isolation on Kim Jong-un and their government , not the filmmakers behind this subversive and damn funny movie .
Rich Klein is managing director for film and media at McLarty Associates , a strategic advisory firm in Washington , D.C .
Will Jesus Save Even Me ?
It is a question that many of us faced in our life before Jesus , particularly if we came to Jesus as an adult . Am I too far gone for Jesus ? Have I done too many bad things to be accepted by God ? Am I good enough for the gift of salvation ? They are understandable questions . Many of us have done much damage in our short lives . I made it into my 30 's before becoming a Christian and much of that time was spent badly . Though I looked ok from the outside , my heart was desperately wicked . People thought I was a really nice person , but I knew me better . I was not so certain . Looking back over my life , I saw all of the sins that I had done , both those I thought were big and little and wondered whether I had gone too far to make it back to the good side . Could I ever do enough to undo all the darkness that I had already done in life and be acceptable to God ?
I found my answer while looking at the accounts of Jesus ' crucifixion and the thief who comes to faith as Jesus is dying . I am so thankful for the thief on the cross . You know , the guy who was crucified next to Jesus and whose conversation with Jesus was preserved by God in the Bible . I read their story and for the first time understood that I was looking at things all wrong – thankfully . It was never about us getting cleaned up and then going to Jesus for acceptance , it is about Jesus taking us as we are , dirty , messy and sinful and through Their greatness making us clean . They are the Savior , the one who saves us after all and not the other way around .
The Thief on the Cross Could Do Nothing to Save Himself
We do n't know much about the guy we call the thief on the cross . They enter and exits the Bible scene in a couple of verses , but boy do they make an impression . They start off by being identified by their sin – they are the thief on the cross . No name , no physical description , no hometown , not even “ son of ” like they were called back in the day , they are just a run of the mill thief , a criminal like many others .
Based upon the Roman justice system , though they are identified as a thief , it is likely that they are more than that as the Romans generally did not execute people for just theft . Crucifixion was reserved for major criminals , for example murderers and those who rebelled against Rome . Though we do n't know the details , the man 's crimes were surely significant .
The man was also guilty . There is no doubt about that . The man admits that they are deserves the punishment they are receiving in the Gospel of Luke . So the thief is guilty of something that deserves the punishment of execution and knows it .
How are they doing with their life plan at this point ? If their life is being weighed on one of those ancient scales with two arms and little pots hanging from each arm with the good things on one side and the bad things on the other , which side would be heavier ? The bad side is clearly overwhelming the good at this moment by a lot . Not so great , right ?
They have a few hours left to live and the grand total of their accomplishments noted in the Bible are that they are a criminal , they deserve death and they are about to be executed next to Jesus . If we are judging their life based upon the good outweighing the bad , they are in big trouble .
Serious question for you , are you doing any worse that the thief on the cross right now ? Have you murdered anyone , been a robber or rebelled against your country ? They are in really bad shape under any objective standard .
If it were not bad enough for the thief , their interaction with Jesus does n't start off swimmingly . The Book of Matthew says that of the two men who were crucified at the same time as Jesus , one on each side , both men start off their time of execution by mocking Jesus and hurling insults at Him . In the face of their own guilt they initially embrace their spiteful hearts and demean Jesus . Yikes !
This is obviously bad , but do we understand just how terrible and warped it is ?
Jesus is in the midst of the greatest act of redemption in all history . They are dying as an innocent sacrifice for all humankind , including the thief . Jesus is God and the creator of the very mouths that they are using to hurl insults at him . They are entitled as the King of Kings to be worshipped and served by all creation and they should be praising Him and thanking Him for what They are doing . Instead they mock and revile an innocent man as They are dying .
The determinedly warped natures of the men are also revealed in their taking aim at Jesus with their mockery . In crucifixion , the victim was attached to the cross in such a way that it took great effort and inflicted excruciating pain to speak at all . The person was required to hold themselves up by their nailed through wrists and feet in order to get enough air to speak . The two men , guilty as charged based upon their own actions , are inflicting significant pain upon themselves in order to waste their breath insulting Jesus as They die for them . They are physically hurting themselves greatly in order to get out their wickedness . The blackness of their hearts is shocking .
So let 's look at the thief 's life work at this point . They have spent their life as a criminal , they are guilty of a great crime , they are deserving of death and yet hours away from death while nailed to a cross , they are spending their time and effort directly insulting God to Their face while God carries out Their awesome act of redemption .
Talk about hitting rock bottom ! They just needed to be kicking a puppy while doing it and they would be the biggest heel in all history…and they can do nothing physically to change their standing either .
The thief is helpless to do anything themselves to even their accounts , to tip the scales back in favor of their good column even if it worked that way . They are immobilized , nailed to a cross and unable to go out and feed the poor , clothe the homeless or preach the Gospel . Their hands are attached to the cross member of the cross , they ca n't even put their hands together to pray . They can not do anything to undue the bad things they have done according to human judging or add to any good things they have done . They are stuck with all of the things in the bad column of their life and there is nothing they can do to add anything to balance the bad out with good . They are literally done for and helpless . If they were called to account for themselves before God , their destination would be very clear .
They do change their destination though with a simple change of heart . It does not state specifically when it occurs but at some point the thief sees Jesus differently . The thief does the only thing that they can at that moment to save himself , the only thing that we need to do – they turn to Jesus and no longer sees an object of derision , they see the Lord and acknowledges Jesus as the Lord :
39 Then one of the criminals who were hanged blasphemed Him , saying , “ If You are the Christ , save Yourself and us . ”
40 But the other , answering , rebuked him , saying , “ Do you not even fear God , seeing you are under the same condemnation ? 41 And we indeed justly , for we receive the due reward of our deeds ; but this Man has done nothing wrong. ” 42 Then they said to Jesus , “ Lord , remember me when You come into Your kingdom . ”
43 And Jesus said to him , “ Assuredly , I say to you , today you will be with Me in Paradise . ”
Luke 23
The thief spends a lifetime as a criminal and then starts their interaction with Jesus by mocking Their pain and yet they are not condemned as a result – in a moment everything changes . They change their view of God and therefore they go from being on a direct flight to condemnation to seeing Jesus in paradise that very day . Not because of how good they are , the thief is most assuredly a bad dude , but because of how great Jesus truly is . The Savior is simply monumentally bigger than the sins . As long as they had breath in their body there was an opportunity to change their eternal standing before God with no strings attached .
The thief can not do one thing to advance the Kingdom of God as we think of it and does nothing that man would think is substantial before dying a horrible , embarrassing death . Yet the Lord welcomes them into Their Kingdom . Is n't it awesome !
If you can not relate to the thief for some reason , how about Saul of Tarsus aka Paul the Apostle . Paul spends their life before Jesus tearing apart the church , imprisoning Christian men , women and children , killing them and causing them to blaspheme before Jesus . Not satisfied with doing this in Jerusalem alone , Paul is on their way to Damascus to attack the church there when they meet Jesus on the Road and begins life as a new creation of Christ . They go from enemy of God to chosen vessel of Jesus in a moment despite being on the way to continue their life of great sin . It only takes a split second to make the change because the Savior is way , way bigger than the sins . Destroying the sins does not challenge our mighty God . Jesus was not challenged by Paul 's grievous sins . As long as Paul had the ability to agree that Jesus is Lord , the opportunity to change everything in their life was there for the taking despite their crimes .
You may be in the process of being drawn to Jesus like I was those years ago and feel a yearning to join into this thing we call church but think that you can not do so due to your past . They wo n't accept me , do you know what I have done . You may think that you have done too much – drinking , sex , drugs , blaspheming , worshipping false gods – to ever get clean and come to Jesus .
Your sins , though many , compared to Paul and the thief are child 's play . If Jesus accepts them immediately when they repent and turn to Him , what do you think Jesus will do with you ? No one is ever too far gone for Jesus . They are too great a Savior for that !
The Bible is very clear that the Savior is bigger than your sin . They accept murderers and thieves , drunkards and even those who spent time openly mocking Him . It is what a perfect Savior does . All we need to do is turn to Him . If we do then no matter what happened before that moment , They will make a way for us to be with Him in paradise .
Turn to Him today there is no reason to wait .
Bridgeville officials are facing a bill of $ 16 million to $ 18 million to upgrade a failing wastewater treatment facility .
In order to comply with a 2016 Environmental Protection Agency consent agreement on alleged Clean Water Act violations , Bridgeville officials have to upgrade their wastewater treatment facility that also serves Greenwood residents in western Sussex County . But paying for the upgrades would force residents ' bills to skyrocket .
Sussex County chief engineer Hans Medlarz may have a solution . It 's a complicated plan that involves Seaford and Blades officials as well . As Seaford embarks on a multimillion-dollar upgrade of its wastewater treatment facility along the Nanticoke River , Medlarz said , there is a possibility that a new pipeline along Route 13 could be installed to treat wastewater from Bridgeville and Greenwood at the Seaford plant . Those residents would then become users in a greater western Sussex sewer district administered by Sussex County .
Blades residents ' wastewater is already treated at the Seaford plant under a plan worked out by county officials as part of the unified Sussex County sewer district .
At its Feb. 7 meeting , Sussex County Council approved $ 30,000 for a feasibility study by the engineering firms of George , Miles and Buhr for Seaford and Davis , Bowen and Friedel for Bridgeville . Medlarz said information gathered in the analysis will help officials better understand the costs .
Once the study is completed , Medlarz said , the next step would be for Bridgeville and Greenwood officials to petition the county to create a sewer district . They said that would then trigger an opportunity for county officials to apply for more substantial state funds to complete a more thorough planning study .
The idea to create a sewer district in western Sussex – like those on the eastern side of the county – is not a new one . “ We 've been wrestling with this for 30 years , ” Medlarz said . “ This is probably our last and best opportunity . ”
Seaford officials are upgrading their treatment plant from 1 million gallons per day to 3 million gallons per day . When the project is completed , the plant could accept wastewater from the other two towns .
Medlarz said EPA and state Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control officials support the plan and will allow time for studies to occur .
Councilman George Cole , R-Ocean View , said it 's imperative that the towns and county do not compete for sewer customers , which could stymie future annexations . Providing central sewer to unincorporated areas near towns can end up land-locking towns , which has already occurred in eastern Sussex , they said .
“ There needs to be an incentive built in for towns to grow to increase their tax bases , ” they said .
Councilman I.G . Burton , R-Lewes , expressed the same concern to Medlarz .
Medlarz replied that annexations are usually requested based on a need for utilities and for government reasons , including police protection and public works services , etc . They said it 's rare that residents request annexation just to hook into a town 's sewer system .
Medlarz said if an area has been designated as a future annexation parcel in a town 's land-use plan , it could be written into an agreement that annexation would be required .
5 Reasons Hiking is Beneficial for Health
There is this saying which goes like “ The most pleasant viewpoints come after the hardest climb ” ; while this quote is referring to hiking up a troublesome mountain , it can also be applied to various adventures we go through in life . We set objectives and have awesome desires , however not everything worth having comes simple . We need to put in the work to get the outcomes .
The uplifting news is , in case you 're hoping to achieve some motivation this year , having a hiking routine might be the appropriate for you ! Hiking does help to clear your vision and motivate you to work for your goals more effectively !
Hiking can give a variety of advantages , from weight reduction to mental clarity . It 's a kind of inclined treadmill in a place where the body and brain can reset , reinforce , and unwind all in the meantime . Along these lines , as the colder months approach us , we should look through some astounding advantages that hiking can play in our wellness life and figure out how you can get the most out of nature and your wellbeing at this time of the year ! Try out warm snow boots to make the most of your winter hike .
Here are some great health benefits that hiking gives you :
1 . Reinforces Core and Develops Abs : No requirement for sit-ups this time ! The center ( stomach muscles , oblique , and lower back ) play similarly as a vital part as the lower body with regards to hiking . The center balances out the body as the ground moves and body adjusts . After some time hiking can bring about a more grounded center , compliment midriff and better physical wellbeing .
2 . Assemble Strength : Trekking on uneven ground requires the utilization of your entire lower body . The glutes , quadriceps , hamstrings , and also the greater part of the muscles in your hips and lower legs are enacted immediately . As your legs adjust to a hiking schedule , your lower body will increase extraordinary quality while taking care of difficult to firm territories .
3 . Weight reduction : Hiking is known as an awesome calorie burner . The body is filling in all which thusly will start up the digestion . More vitality required to move the more calories consumed . This extraordinary sweat session enables a man to exercise longer because of the adjustment in landscape and lovely perspectives .
4 . Brings down Risk of Heart Disease : Activities such as hiking helps increment your HDL levels , the “ great ” cholesterol , and brings down your triglyceride and LDL cholesterol levels ; the hurtful parts . In this manner , your danger of coronary illness and hypertension is lessened . New investigations even demonstrate that strolling or hiking for an hour daily , five days seven days , can cut a man 's danger of stroke down the middle .
5 . Lessens Anxiety and Depression : If you 're feeling down , get out ! The nearness of nature around a man with anxiety or dejection is appeared to help lessen the negative emotions related with either or . Hiking is known to decrease wretchedness by lessening negative considerations and emotions . Indeed , even only a short stroll in the forested areas is quieting and enhances physical and emotional well-being .
Here is an excellent guide to help you get started with the basics of hiking and to stay safe while enjoying the outdoors : https : //hobbyhelp.com/hiking/ ? msID=66264eec-2f62-41ea-bd3a-58e5c31781b4
fulan
For a while now I 've been wondering about the origins of the term “ fulan ” , used in Arabic to refer to an unnamed person – like “ so-and-so ” in English .
It 's also found in other languages . In Spanish and Portuguese it 's “ fulano ” ; the Spanish equivalent of “ Tom , Dick and Harry ” is “ Fulano , Zutano y Mengano ” , and in Portuguese it 's “ Fulano , Beltrano e Sicrano ” . It shows up as “ filano ” in the Italian “ ogni Tizio , Caio , Sempronio , Mevio , Filano , e Calpurnio ” ( although only the first three names are commonly used ) .
There 's general agreement that the Spanish “ fulano ” comes from the Arabic , and other languages such as Persian , Turkish and Albanian have borrowed the term from Arabic too . However one source I read suggested that it entered Spanish via Hebrew :
Hebrew also has the term ploni almoni , which was used in the Bible :
Cognates of “ fulan ” are also found in Aramaic and Syriac :
As for where the Semitic root f-l-n or p-l-n originated , one suggestion is that it came from Egyptian “ pw rn ” , meaning “ this man ” :
And what happens if a reader does n't know that “ fulan ” means an unspecified person ? I came across this in a 1925 paper called Clues for the Arabian Influence on European Musical Theory :
The author added a note :
Another infill condo project is bound for an appeal at city hall , this time at the behest of Old St. Boniface residents opposed to development along the Red River .
Winnipeg developer Sunstone Resort Communities wants to build a seven-storey condo tower and three two-storey structures on vacant land between Taché Avenue and the Red River . Most of the land in question is a former industrial plot the city sold to Sunstone after council approved the sale in 2015 .
The plan calls for the condo tower , which would have 78 units , to rise along the river . A pair of two-storey mixed-use buildings and a two-storey duplex would rise along Taché Avenue .
In November , city council approved the subdivision of the property and its reclassification from industrial land to residential mixed-use land and parkland . Council 's Riel community committee also approved a zoning variance for the project on Oct. 19 .
Nine St. Boniface residents have appealed the variance sparking a hearing before council 's appeal committee on Dec. 15 . Seven of these project opponents filed the same form letter , complaining the variance does not meet unspecified city criteria .
Project opponent Claudette Toupin , who did not use the form letter , listed off three reasons councilors should disallow the project in a document posted on the city 's legislative website .
​She states all of the land should be designated parkland and contends there will not be enough yard space and parking at the proposed condo complex .
`` The density caused by this variance will make the project more incompatible with the single-family homes recently constructed in the area , '' Toupin writes .
`` The reduction of visitor and required parking spaces will cause on-street parking that will lead to congestion during peak usage of the area during the Festival of the Voyageur . ''
The appeal will be heard by councillors Marty Morantz ( Charleswood-Tuxedo-Whyte Ridge ) , Jeff Browaty ( North Kildonan ) , Devi Sharma ( Old Kildonan ) and area Coun . Matt Allard ( St. Boniface ) , who voted in favour of the variance in October .
The appeal hearing takes place one day after council considers a Crescentwood condo project rejected by city centre community committee , but supported by Mayor Brian Bowman and several other members of council .
Part Three of “ Asian American Studies and Its Futures ”
The Hindu nationalists whose writ runs large in much of India today have amply demonstrated that Islamic extremists are scarcely alone in their vicious instrumentalization of religion to political ends . And India is by far from being the only example of a country where the virulent disease of nationalism has brought what are called “ strong ” men into power and emboldened their followers , who more often than not exhibit extreme forms of xenophobic conduct , to terrorize and intimidate political opponents as well as those who are , on one account or another , deemed alien to the nation . In the United States , at least , evangelical Christianity has played a considerable if understated role in stoking the fires of xenophobic nationalism .
It is , however , the subject of Islam and American Muslims with which I would like to stay as I turn my attention from Pakistani Muslims to Indian Muslims . What these days are termed the “ radicalization ” of Muslims is increasingly on display in India as well , and both the indifference of the state to the marginalization of Muslims , and the provocations to which they are subjected by belligerent Hindus , are likely to accentuate the trend toward such “ radicalization ” . Kashmir is often pointed to as the most blatant example of the marginalization of the Indian Muslim , and Kashmir has long appeared in the manifestos of radical jihadi groups as among those Muslim-predominant places that need to be liberated from the rule of the infidel .
Nevertheless , as many commentators in and outside India have noted , Indian Muslims themselves have remained strikingly unreceptive to calls to global jihad . More Muslims have been enlisted in various Islamic terrorist organizations from Britain , where they number in the vicinity of 3 million , than from all of India . “ India , with 180 million Muslims , has produced almost no jihadis. ” So ran a recent headline in the Indian Express , a major English-language daily , which continues in this vein : “ Muslims here see stake in political system. ” If one is perhaps inclined to dismiss such a view as propaganda from an Indian publication , we may consider that the stodgy and highly respected The Economist , which can not be accused of being partial to India , ran an article in 2014 entitled , “ Why India 's Muslims are so Moderate. ” While noting that “ India 's Muslims generally have reasons for some gloom ” , enduring , for example , lower levels of education , poorer employment prospects , and diminished representation in government jobs in comparison with Hindus , the article also highlights the repudiation of violence across a broad swathe of Indian Muslim communities and their engagement with members of other religions . “ The contrast with the sectarian bloodletting , growing radicalism and deepening conservatism in Pakistan next door ” , states the author , “ is striking. ” This is much the same conclusion reached by the New York Times correspondent who shortly thereafter wrote on “ Why India 's Muslims Have n't Radicalized . ”
I am aware , I think , as much as anyone else of how much of the present political discourse has pivoted around the ‘ Good Muslim ' vs. ‘ Bad Muslim ' , or around the ‘ extremist Muslim ' vs. the ‘ moderate Muslim ' . So , I am cognizant of the perils of such discourse , and likewise of how the ‘ Good Muslim ' is really a cloak for anti-Muslim sentiment that cares not to reveal itself as such . There is , for those who decry or lament the very presence of Islam in their midst , some capital to be derived from speaking of the ‘ Good Muslim ' with approbation . The discourse of the ‘ Bad Muslim ' is , in the present political climate , here to stay : the question is whether we might derive a different kind of politics from the figure of the Muslim who is not merely an object to be appropriated into the framework of a conservative or liberal politics .
The anomalous figure of the Indian Muslim in contemporary politics to which I have adverted thus deserves much greater attention than anyone has been lavished on them thus far . One would not know any of this from a reading of contemporary Western ‘ authorities ' on the politics of Muslim societies . Gilles Keppel 's The War for Muslim Minds : Islam and the West ( Harvard University Press , 2004 ) , makes absolutely no reference to India : apparently , on this , rather not uncommon reading , India partakes neither of the West nor of Islam and thus has no say or investment in this matter . I fear similarly that when “ Muslim Americans ” are invoked , it is a certain kind of Muslim , the supposedly “ authentic ” Muslim who is of ‘ Middle Eastern ' provenance , who is generally being brought to mind . There is little if any cognizance of just who these Muslim Americans are and very little acknowledgement that they are the inheritors of a great many different , and often conflicting , traditions and histories .
Ten percent of the Asian Indian population of around four million in the US is comprised of Muslims , though there is virtually no mention of them in the voluminous commentary on Muslims that appears in the press every day . If they are to any degree representative of the strands of Indian Islam to which I have very briefly alluded , should we say that they are perhaps uniquely positioned to mediate between Asian Americans and Muslim Americans , as well as between Muslim Americans and American society at large ? While Moustafa Bayoumi 's attempt to briefly complicate the history of Muslim Americans is commendable , and they are entirely right that “ Muslim Americans ” are not just a “ post-2001 population ” , South Asian Muslims appear nowhere in their commentary . Consider this : if we are to speak of the beginnings of organized Islam in the United States , and the possibilities of multiracial coalitions between South Asians , Arabs , and American Muslims , how can we possibly overlook—as they do—the role of Ahmadiyya preachers , who had arrived in the US in the 1920s from what was then undivided India , in giving Islam in the US a new lease of life and in overcoming , as Junaid Rana has put it trenchantly , “ racial and ethnic separation that existed not only in the Muslim community , but the U.S. and globally ” ? ( See “ Islam and Black America : The Story of Islamophobia ” , Souls 9 , no . 2 ( April-June 2007 ) , 156 . )
( To be continued )
For Part I , see : https : //vinaylal.wordpress.com/2017/12/24/asian-american-studies-and-its-futures/
For Part II , see : https : //vinaylal.wordpress.com/2017/12/25/islam-and-asian-american-studies/
For Part IV , see : https : //vinaylal.wordpress.com/2017/12/26/south-asians-muslim-americans-and-the-politics-of-identity/
Advertisements
Mother Outraged Over A Terrorism Question Found On Them Fifth Grade Son 's Test
The mother of a fifth grader in Corpus Christi , TX , recently took to Facebook to express their outrage over the fact that their son 's school was teaching students that the United States is partly to blame for the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
This question from a test their son eventually brought home , based on a video the class saw , sparked the controversy :
“ Why might the United States be a target for terrorism ? ”
The correct answer :
“ Decisions we made in the United States have had negative effects on people elsewhere . ”
The student 's mother , Kara Sands , could n't believe the school would support and teach such a viewpoint .
“ I 'm not going to justify radical terrorist by saying we did anything to deserve that—over 3,000 people died , ” Sands said in an interview with KRIS-TV .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Sands immediately contacted the school principal and teacher and set up meetings with them to discuss the test . The school then reached out to Safari Montage , the video 's distributor .
“ Representatives say they stand behind the video , but have already changed the corresponding quiz that may have caused confusion , ” the report said .
School officials say that Sands was the only parent to complain about the test , however , their post on Facebook now as 1,662 likes . Other parents are reportedly planning to bring up the issues of the school 's curriculum at the next school board meeting .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
“ When I teach my children that you have to work hard and you have to earn a living and they go to school and learn something different I absolutely take issue with that , ” Sands said .
( The Blaze , KRISTV )
undefined
By Murray Bourne , 09 Aug 2010
Many cities are built on a grid pattern where city blocks are approximately square . The grey dotted lines in the following diagrams represent streets .
A taxi driver needs to go from point C to B . They decide to take the following route ( depending on their local knowledge of traffic and one way streets and so on ) , where they head north along CD , turns East for DF , then North again , and so on until they reach B .
Or they could have more simply travelled from C to A , then A to B . If CA = AB = 1 km , then the total journey is 2 km , no matter which route they took . ( Distance CD = 200 m and there are 10 such blocks , so 2 km is the total distance . )
This gives rise to an interesting type of geometry called Taxicab Geometry , first proposed by Hermann Minkowski in the 19th century .
How Many Routes ?
There are clearly many different ways of going from C to B . If we assume they are an honest taxi driver ( and does n't go away from B at any time ) , then they can only travel North or East .
Let 's consider their first decision . They can only go North or East , so 2 choices :
Now , looking at the first 4 city blocks , we see there are 6 choices :
Continuing , we find the following number of possible routes as we add more rows and columns of city blocks :
2 ( for 1×1 ) , 6 ( for 2×2 ) , 20 ( for 3×3 ) , 70 ( for 4×4 ) , ...
You may recognise these as being the middle number of each second row in Pascal 's Triangle .
This is also connected with counting theory and we can show that for our 10×10 grid , our taxi driver will have
20C 10 = 184,756 choices for getting from C to B .
An interesting question arises
Let 's now take a route that gives us a more diagonal shape , as follows .
Once again , our total distance is going to be 2 km .
But for interest , let 's imagine we can actually travel along lanes that pass in the middle of the city blocks as follows .
Our total distance is still 2 km .
But now let 's push it even more , and take many tiny zig-zags as follows . Our total distance is still 2 km .
But what is the limit of this process ? Wo n't we actually be smoothly travelling up the diagonal , since we ca n't even steer the car North then East , since the steps are too small ?
And now we have the interesting question . What will be the distance the taxi travels up this smooth diagonal ?
Well , √2 , of course , from Pythagoras ' Theorem . So the distance from C to B is no longer 2 km , but around 1.414 km , or 0.586 km less than 2 km !
Where did that 0.586 km go ?
See the 20 Comments below .
With the recent reports of Ariel Sharon 's deteriorating condition , I was looking forward to their ultimate demise , but not out of morbid anticipation of seeing the end of a truly evil man . Sharon left this world years ago in a most undeserved manner when they fell into a coma at a reasonably old age without ever facing genuine punishment for their long list of murderous crimes . At least Pinochet suffered the indignity of house arrest in London for more than a year and an aborted criminal prosecution when they returned to Chile .
Sharon 's effective death in 2006 notwithstanding , their long vegetative state delayed their obituaries for years , and I was most anxious to see how their death would be covered in mainstream outlets like the New York Times . I expected the Times to embellish their “ courageous ” 2005 Gaza “ withdrawal , ” but how would the Times treat the “ highlights ” of Sharon 's mass murdering terrorism , such as Qibya in 1953 and the 1982 Lebanon War ? As it turns out , Ethan Bronner 's Times obit was worse than I could have imagined .
Let 's take Qibya , about which much has been written since Sharon 's death . Sharon led a unit of Israeli soldiers in a “ reprisal raid , ” also known as mass murder , in revenge for an attack that killed an Israeli mother and their two children in Tel Aviv . Rather than make any attempt to track down the actual perpetrators , Ben-Gurion opted for random lethal violence . When Sharon 's unit massacred 69 civilians in Qibya , earning condemnation from all corners of the globe , including the US , Ben-Gurion falsely denied any involvement of IDF troops , invoking , you guessed it – the Holocaust – to justify the mass murder . They claimed it was Israeli civilians , many of whom were “ survivors from the Nazi concentration camps , ” who understandably wreaked revenge on Qibya after enduring cross-border raids . Sharon added the lie that they thought the destroyed houses were empty and was shocked to learn afterward that people had been killed . According to Wikipedia , Israeli historian Benny Morris reported that contemporaneous documents reveal that Sharon personally ordered their troops to achieve “ maximal killing and damage to property ” , and there were post-operational reports of clearing houses with grenades and gunfire .
Bronner , in their Sharon obit , whitewashes this atrocity , actually referring to it as “ the battle of Qibya. ” Where did they come up with that ? There is n't even a dispute about whether this was a “ battle ” rather than a massacre . It would n't have surprised me if Bronner gullibly believed Sharon 's claim that their intent was to teach the Arabs a lesson by blowing up empty buildings , but to describe an army 's slaughter of civilians as a “ battle ” is gratuitously perverse .
As an aside , Sharon 's lame excuse should sound familiar . When Sharon as PM in 2002 ordered that a one-ton bomb be dropped on a Gaza building to kill Selah Shehadeh of Hamas , the bomb predictably killed 14 others , including eight children , who also happened to be sleeping in the building . Sharon initially expressed no remorse , calling the operation “ one of our greatest successes. ” After international outcry at the collateral damage ( what a horrendous phrase ! ) , Sharon allowed that if they had known about the children sleeping in their own home , they would have “ postponed ” the assassination . I guess they “ checked ” the building for other occupants just like they checked the 40-plus houses in Qibya .
As for the 1982 Lebanon War , Sharon was slapped on the wrist for their role in the Sabra/Shatila massacre ( Ethan Bronner – was it the Battle of Sabra and Shatila ? ) , but earlier that summer Sharon 's army relentlessly pummeled Beirut in an act of premeditated mass murder that indiscriminately slaughtered untold numbers of civilians . Bronner 's sole reference to this terror-bombing speaks of “ saturation bombing of Beirut neighborhoods ” –a five-word phrase in a much longer sentence not about Sharon 's brutality , but the Reagan Administration 's disenchantment with Sharon and Israel .
What a whitewash ! There is a word that is commonly used for indiscriminate attacks against civilians to make a political point . It 's called “ terrorism. ” In fact , it is impossible to fashion a coherent definition of the word that would not include the Qibya massacre , the shelling of Beirut , and any other number of Sharon 's crimes . Of course , there is not a single reference even to an allegation of Sharon 's “ terrorism ” in the Bronner piece . ( The only use of the word is when Bronner says : “ And there were many episodes of Palestinian terrorism inside Israel. ” ) It 's not as though the Times has a policy of refraining from use of the word because it necessarily breaches some code of objectivity . In their 2004 NYT obit for Yasser Arafat , the not-yet-disgraced Judith Miller used “ terror ” -related words at least 11 times , all in descriptions , theirs or others ' , of the actions of Arafat and Palestinians . ( And now Miller eulogizes Sharon as a “ lion ” ) .
Bronner descends into outright historical fiction when they claim that in October , 1973 , there was “ a shocking invasion by Egypt and Syria. ” Invasion ? Of Israel ? Not quite . Egypt and Syria did launch this attack , but it was upon Israeli troops located in occupied Egyptian and Syrian territory . It was not an invasion of Israel . The distinction is not a mere technicality . Sadat had famously offered to discuss a land for peace agreement with Golda Meir , who rejected the idea out of hand . The Yom Kippur War to regain the territory lost six years earlier in '67 was the result . Bronner was similarly sloppy a few years ago , when their Times article stated that Israel launched its 2006 invasion/bombing campaign against Lebanon after “ an Iranian-backed Islamist group was lobbing deadly rockets into Israel with apparent impunity. ” That , too , was completely untrue . These are important mistakes about the causes of wars that should not be made , and it is hardly surprising that Bronner 's mistakes are all in the same direction .
Bronner refers to Sharon 's role in constructing the “ security barrier ” in the West Bank , giving it high marks on two grounds : “ It not only reduced infiltration by militants into Israel but also provided the outline of a border with a future Palestinian state , albeit one they envisioned as having limited sovereignty. ” The barrier 's role in “ reducing infiltration ” is extremely dubious at best , but how could Bronner laud the achievement of “ providing an outline of a border with a future Palestinian state ” ? The barrier cuts deeply into land universally recognized by almost every country on Earth to be Palestinian , not Israeli . To the extent that it provides a future border , it is an act of naked aggression and brazen land theft .
As expected , Bronner praises Sharon 's withdrawal of settlers and troops from Gaza as a “ Nixon-to-China ” move . But Sharon 's top aide , Dov Weissglas , famously explained :
The significance of the disengagement plan is the freezing of the peace process . And when you freeze that process , you prevent the establishment of a Palestinian state , and you prevent a discussion on the refugees , the borders and Jerusalem . Effectively , this whole package called the Palestinian state , with all that it entails , has been removed indefinitely from our agenda . And all this with authority and permission . All with a presidential blessing and the ratification of both houses of Congress . The disengagement is actually formaldehyde . It supplies the amount of formaldehyde that is necessary so there will not be a political process with the Palestinians .
This revealing quote has been repeated over and over again through the years . Is Bronner really unfamiliar with it ? Or did they think it is not relevant to put Sharon 's Gaza “ withdrawal ” in context ?
Relatedly , Bronner has nothing but glowing praise for Sharon 's transformation from warrior to statesman and the legacy that was cut short by their stroke . However , it is clear to them who would have been at fault had Sharon not been felled . It would not have been Sharon himself , whose record in opposition to negotiation was matched by only by their love of brute force . No , according to Bronner , it would have been Arabs and Persians who would have posed obstacles to Sharon 's peace-making :
“ But even if they had stayed healthy , their plans might have been interrupted by the rise of the militant Palestinian group Hamas , the 2006 conflict with the militant group Hezbollah in southern Lebanon and increased concerns over Iran 's nuclear program . ”
Of course , it would have been shocking to read an all-out condemnation of Sharon in the Times obit . But Bronner owed their readers , and Sharon 's victims , a more accurate assessment of the accusations against them and better attention to historical truth .
Finally , let me quote Alan Dershowitz . They love to make the “ joke ” that Arafat 's death was “ untimely ” : “ If not for Arafat 's untimely death — I say untimely because if he 'd only died four years earlier , there might be peace today in the Middle East and there might be a Palestinian state. ” LOL , Alan . It would be just as tasteless to talk about Sharon 's untimely death – untimely because if he 'd only died 68 years earlier , many thousands of ordinary citizens might have lived out their normal life spans , and perhaps tens of thousands of their descendants would be alive today . At least that statement would have the virtue of being arguably true , as opposed to the nonsense about Arafat .
Downton Abbey Movie A Serious Discussion
It seems that for the past couple of months Julian Fellowes has been playing quite the game with their Downton Abbey fans . Months back , it surfaced that by the end of the series a possible movie could spring to life . Some of this information might have been forged from ink thirsty writers . Whatever it may have been , it seemed that Julian Fellowes liked it and even hinted to a similar J.K. Rowling type deal .
A week or two ago , the flip started to occur . Articles started coming out that Julian Fellowes just was n't sure it would be a success and there were too many logistical obstacles in the way . They have built a cast so ornate and so recognizable that anything remotely diminished could absolutely ruin the integrity of what they built . Their reputation was on the line to produce . I believe this really played a big factor . As Fellowes has allowed the thoughts to sit and marinate for some time , it seems a too good of an opportunity to let slide .
With so much anticipation , with so much talk , with so much publicity , it seems like a movie post Downton Abbey Season 6 finale is becoming much more a reality . Producer Naeme explained that the idea of a movie was on the table . It had n't been a firm decision but is highly being dialogued . Naeme and others are hesitant because of the appeal of the show itself . Naeme explains that ,
“ Remember , this is a show I was originally told no one in the U.S. would understand , ”
And for the most part , they were correct . But the fact of the matter is , it has caught on in the United States , United Kingdom , Denmark , Canada , and many other countries . The real question becomes , is there enough money in the production of the movie to come away with profit by creating , marketing , and advertising for this movie . This is something that will be thought about in the oncoming months as the show is set to air in September for UK . What might help solidify the movie details will be the viewer count post season 6 . Naeme states it pretty clearly when they say ,
“ I think we could have legitimately kept it going a bit longer , ” they said . “ But you do want to leave people wanting more , not less . ”
So if the appeal is still there and not diminishing , there is a real possibility that a movie could come to fruition .
The effort to save migrating birds from deadly collisions with glass is about to be back before the Minneapolis City Council .
Earlier this year , bird advocates protested the large glass panels planned for the new Vikings stadium but to no avail .
This time , they 're turning their attention to the city 's skyway system , and some possible bird-safe changes .
It is a fatal attraction of sorts . Glass creates a reflection that lures birds in at the height they typically like to fly .
“ Most of the bird collisions occur in the first to the third stories of buildings , and skyways would be the
second story , ” said Jerry Bahls , president of the Audubon Chapter of Minneapolis .
They say because the Mississippi River is a large flyway for many kinds of migrating birds , lots of them fly through downtown Minneapolis .
Birds are valuable to our environment because they eat many of the insects that are considered pests .
“ It 's the reflection of the glass that 's the problem , ” Bahls said . “ Because they land in a tree and they see another tree right nearby , and so they are going to fly over there not realizing that is not really a tree . ”
Council member Cam Gordon is introducing an ordinance amendment that would add requirements for bird-safe features in any new skyways or newly-renovated ones .
“ I think there 's been a growing recognition that we are in a migratory path , ” Gordon said . “ We have a river and a lot of people who like nature . I hear a lot from constituents about birds . ”
They say the city will take a look at what other cities with similar challenges are doing and at what cost .
“ We do n't want to put a big burden on developers and a big expense either . My assumption is there probably wo n't be much , ” Gordon said .
Steve Cramer is the CEO of the Minneapolis Downtown Council .
“ I think it is a concern like anything , ” they said . “ It 's a matter of what are the benefits and what are the costs of any changes we might make . So I think that is what we need to examine carefully , and understand what those trade-offs might be . ”
The possible bird-safe features in the skyways include things like adding etchings to the glass to break up the reflection .
Gordon said a study done at the University of Minnesota found most of the bird fatalities on the Minneapolis campus occurred as a result of birds colliding into skyways .
Before the city council takes action , the issue will go to the zoning and planning committee and there will be a public hearing to get feedback from the community .
`` Orbital defense grid sighted , Ma'am ! '' called the deputy chief of navigation .
`` ETA to orbit ? '' asked Captain Nina Soryuu .
`` 30 minutes , Ma'am ! ''
`` Good . '' Soryuu turned to Vice-Captain John Roberts . `` Vice-Captain , anything to add ? ''
`` Negative , Captain , '' Roberts smiled . `` You 're doing a fine job . ''
`` You were a fine Captain , Vice Captain . ''
`` I 'm honored , Captain . ''
`` I shall inform the crew that we 're 30 minutes away from Venice 3 , Vice Captain . Do you think you can manage the bridge while I 'm gone ? ''
Roberts laughed . `` I think I can manage . ''
The TKY Shikinami had just orbited Solvenice and was currently cruising toward Venice 3 . All the meanwhile , the crew prepared for their missions .
Aisling and the rest of team D was to land at Venice 3 's spaceport pretending to be traders . They 'd acquire three shuttles , return to the Shikinami , resupply , then warp to Sorian . She , Nathan and Philip had spent the last two Austraeus-days with the rest of Team D – the pilots , and the IMC soldiers – getting to know each other , discussing command – Jaggerjack would lead – and battle strategy . The IMC soldiers were all armed with R-101 carbines and EVA-8 Shotguns . The three mechanics were armed with Smart Pistols – the easiest way to make a new soldier effective in combat – and data knives . The Pilots were armed with weapons they 'd chosen and customized themselves .
Jaggerjack was quiet and kind . At a young age – back before he 'd earned their nickname – their parents had been killed by terrorists . Jack had learned that peace was not a human right , nor did it merely come about by force of nature . Peace , Jack reasoned , was paradoxically a thing that society had to fight for .
It took two people to kill my parents , thought Jaggerjack on day one of Pilot training . I do n't need to be able to take on an army . If someone had taken those two lives they 'd have saved my parent 's lives . If I can take two lives – if I can take the RIGHT two lives – I could save many more .
And thus the 17 year old had asked the armory for a Longbow DMR sniper rifle with a 6x scope . The man had given them a funny look , as if to say , `` Do n't you want an LMG like everyone else ? '' and handed over the weapon a few seconds later .
Nathan , disbelieving their tale of peace and clean kills , had asked Jaggerjack `` Oh really ? How many kills have you gotten ? '' to which they had received the reply , `` Twenty three . ''
Rimjob was a complete contrast to Jaggerjack 's quiet maturity . They had asked the armory , `` Give me the biggest , fastest , nastiest gun you 've got , '' and received both a Spitfire LMG and a thump on the back from the Quartermaster . He 'd earned their nickname performing a `` Rim Job '' , in which he 'd manually overridden the doors of a Goblin drop-ship , allowing them to jump out early onto the roof of a building and slaughter the snipers camped on the rim .
Daniek , Aisling had already met , but they still gave their lives story to everyone else . Rich boy from earth , hated and ran away from their rich parents , joined the army , recommended for Pilot training . They accepted , but on the condition that they were paid as much as a grunt ( which earned them the respect of all the Soldiers listening ) . `` I do n't care about the money . I care about being able to do something good for humanity and actually seeing it happen , '' he 'd said to the IMC 's accounting department .
Sophia was bound for Venice 3 as well – but she 'd be staying there to purchase supplies with team E .
Team A was ready to go hunt out information . The soldiers all concealed carbines , SMG 's and shotguns under their clothing , while Misha carried just a Hammond pistol .
`` If ze shet hets ze fan , '' she 'd said , `` I 'll call dawn mi Ogre . Mi Hemlock es inside . ''
`` But Ma'am , '' Eoin Ireton had tried to argue , `` It 'll take five seconds to get here ! ''
`` Yes , '' Misha glared , `` Et well . I can handle feyve seconds . '' Pause . `` Ca n't you ? ''
`` Yes , Ma'am , '' Ireton replied . `` Very well then ... ''
Team B had been ready from the start . Their SMG 's were loaded – well , safeties on , – their pockets were filled with frag and arc grenades , their clothing was dark mottled gray .
Team C was as ready as they could be without the shuttle that team E was going to buy for them . The X40 warp drive and modified engines were sitting in a hangar ready to be fit to the shuttle , the cryopods and Jenni 's Stryder were ready to be pushed aboard .
`` Crew , this is Captain Nina Soryuu of the TKY Shikinami . We 're dropping into orbit around Venice 3 in 10 minutes . Prepare for erratic changes in our acceleration as we make minor adjustments in our course . Landing parties , make your way to the Drop-ships , please . ''
`` Ugh ... '' groaned a child in a clay building in Alpha , the largest and oldest city on Venice 3 . `` Mummy , do we have to ? ''
`` Yes , Elizabeth , we do , '' answered their mother . `` Daddy forgot to take their lunch . They ca n't come home now or he 'll miss 11 o'clock ! ''
`` What 's so special about 11 o'clock ? '' groaned Elizabeth , kicking their feet in the dust .
`` Come on , darling . 11 o'clock is mid-day , they ca n't just pack up their stall now ! They have to earn money for us ! ''
Elizabeth pouted . `` Well , why do n't you take their lunch to him ? I can stay at home ; I 'm a big girl now . ''
`` Darling , you 're 70 kilohours - ''
`` I 'm 72 kilohours old . ''
Them mother hung their head in their hands for a moment . Them pregnancy did n't make taking care of Elizabeth any easier . They sighed .
`` Oh , alright . But stay inside , okay ? Call me if anything goes wrong ! ''
`` Yes , mummy ! Thank you ! ''
Elizabeth was happy now . Today was a good day . The soldiers were gone from the streets – off to fight at some weird place called Hammo – which was good . They did n't have to ride in the hot hoverbuggy with Mum . They did n't have to get out of the hoverbuggy and walk through the no-fly zone to Daddy 's stall . They did n't have to walk back to the hoverbuggy and fly back . No , today they were free .
They opened the windows ; it was too hot inside . Well , it was too hot outside .
`` Screw it ! '' they said happily , repeating a phrase she 'd heard Daddy say when they did n't want to do something .
There was the FWOOOSHH sound and then the WHOOOOSH sound as Mummy took off in the hoverbuggy . Elizabeth smiled . They were happy . They were a big girl . They went to the fridge , checked that Mummy and Daddy were n't around by force of habit – then opened it and stole a choco-crunch before getting the crayons and paper out of a cupboard .
Then there was a bang at the door and Elizabeth got a fright . They turned around . `` Hello ? ''
Then the door opened and two men walked inside . One of them said a bad word , then turned to the other and said `` I thought you said they left ? ''
The other man said `` I saw their hoverbuggy leave ! ''
The first man said `` Well what are we going to do now ? She 's seen our faces ! ''
The second man said `` Relax . We came for their credits but we can take the girl instead . ''
The first man said `` What 's the point of that ? We ca n't sell her ! ''
The second man said `` But we can ransom them Easier than looking for the credits , nobody hides them under the bed anymore . C'mon , you know you do n't want to spend the next hour looking for a safe and the next hour trying to crack it open . ''
The first man said `` I guess . ''
The second man took as step toward Elizabeth and said `` You 're coming with us ! ''
Elizabeth tried to run but the door was behind the men and the second one them They slung them over their shoulder . The first man took their paper and their crayons and wrote something on the paper . Then the men took them out of the house and closed the door and they screamed and the second man took them off their shoulders and put them on the ground , but still held their arm tightly .
Elizabeth said `` Let me go ! '' They tugged at their arm , tried to run .
The second man said `` Girl , we put a bomb in your house . ''
The first man looked at the second man and raised their eyebrows .
The second man said `` If you do n't shut up , we 'll make it explode when your parents are home . You do n't want that , do you ? ''
The sky suddenly flashed behind Elizabeth . They saw the light on the first man and second man 's faces for a second , as if a big ship had just appeared in the sky . The first man said `` Holy , '' then a bad word , the second man 's mouth dropped open . Their grip weakened and Elizabeth tugged their arm out of the second man 's hand .
Elizabeth turned and ran away from the bad men as fast as they could . They did n't look back , they did n't look up . They had to warn Mummy and Daddy about the bomb .
When Hot Rod premiered in theaters on August 3 , 2007 , few predicted it would be one of the most groundbreaking comedies of its generation . Unfortunately for Hot Rod , those few were wrong : the film was both ignored at the box office and met with a shrug by critics . But much like Rod Kimble , the “ terrible stuntman ” Andy Samberg portrays in the movie , it remains unbowed and unbroken . Re-discovered years later on cable and YouTube , Hot Rod is obsessively shared and quoted by its legion of proselytizers—a certified entry in the new cult canon .
Hot Rod marked the first foray into feature films for former Bay Area high-school buddies Samberg , Jorma Taccone , and Akiva Schaffer , a.k.a . the Lonely Island ( their nickname for the post-college apartment they shared in Los Angeles ) . Their S.N.L . shorts propelled the venerable sketch series into the digital zeitgeist—and prompted Hot Rod producer Lorne Michaels to give them a shot at making this long-in-development project , originally intended as a Will Ferrell vehicle .
Samberg stars as the hapless Kimble , trying to live up to the legend of their deceased father ( a former assistant to Evel Knievel ) and win the respect of Frank ( Ian McShane ) , their hateful stepfather . When Frank is felled by a medical crisis , Kimble is determined to raise the $ 50,000 needed for a heart transplant by attempting a “ big-ass stunt ” —jumping 15 school busses . “ I am gon na get you better , ” Kimble vows , “ and then I 'm gon na beat you to death . ”
“ We wanted to make stuff that people quote with their friends , ” Samberg said . By this measure , Hot Rod is an enduring success—look no further than this 2015 Reddit thread for proof . In a conference call , Samberg , Taccone ( who co-stars as Rod 's younger half brother , Kevin ) , and Schaffer , who directed the film , reflected on creating a cult favorite , going to the mat for Ebenezer Scrooge , and how good Ian McShane smells .
“ Of course it 's cool . It 's awesome as shit . ”
South Park scribe Pam Brady wrote Hot Rod 's original script , which “ was maybe even crazier in parts than some of the things we added , ” Taccone said . “ But they were also incredibly generous . Our process in general is the three of us sitting in a room , banging our heads against the wall and trying to make each other laugh . Seth Meyers was a part of the writing process . We wrote a lot of it in Lorne 's office at the Paramount lot , which I believe—fun fact ! —was Crocodile Dundee 's office as well . ”
“ We basically added a lot of surrealism to it , ” Samberg said—including the forest punch-dancing Footloose homage , a that-escalated-quickly moment when a musical number degenerates into a riot , and bizarre product placement like the poster for the 1986 comedy The Whoopee Boys that appears in Kevin 's room . ( Lonely Island actually screened Whoopee Boys for Hot Rod 's cast and crew ; because they could n't find a copy on DVD or even VHS , said Taccone , “ Paramount graciously supplied a 35mm print. ” ) Then there 's perhaps the movie 's signature moment when Rod and Kevin make up after an argument , excessively reassuring each other that everything is “ cool beans . ”
“ That was a scene that was just not working , ” Samberg said . “ It was getting nothing [ at screenings ] . And I said , ‘ What if we made it into a song ? ' ”
“ 'Cool beans ' was created in the edit , ” Taconne said . “ The next screening , it was the most liked scene , ” Samberg said . “ I think it was also , to be fair , one of the more disliked scenes as well . But we knew we had something , because this clearly gets a reaction , ” Taconne added .
All three Islanders believe in the value of test screenings . But in one particular case , they went to the mat to save one of the film 's “ for no good reason ” throwaways : a climactic cameo by Ebenezer Scrooge , whose head emerges from a school-bus window offering “ a cooked goose for everyone . ”
Samberg and Taccone present alternative facts about that gag 's reception . According to Taccone , “ Scrooge in the school bus never really nailed it , but we thought it was funny. ” Countered Samberg : “ What ? No , people loved that , because it 's riding a wave of positivity . ”
“ The studio did n't like it , ” Schaffer said . “ They kept asking us to take it out . But you heard an audible laugh from the audience . If there 's 300 people in the room and 50 of them laugh , you 're like , ‘ Hey , all right . ' But on a test score , that would only be one-sixth of the audience . ”
“ I think Hot Rod is for the 50 people out of every 300 , ” Samberg joked .
Both from Paramount/Everett Collection .
“ I like those nerds . ”
Hot Rod assembled a great cast of emerging and A-list character actors , including Isla Fisher as Denise , Rod 's sweet neighbor and unrequited crush , and Will Arnett in bro-douche mode as Denise 's boyfriend ( “ Babe , why do you hang with those nerds ? ” ) .
For Rod 's crew member Rico , they turned to Danny McBride , then an up-and-comer thanks to their underground movie The Foot Fist Way . “ It did n't have distribution . It was just a DVD getting passed around , ” Schaffer said . The future Eastbound & Down star ended up fitting right in ; “ McBride was at the time very obsessed with Jager bombs , and insisted that become the drink of Hot Rod , ” Samberg said .
They did n't know McBride before casting him—but they did know their S.N.L . costar Bill Hader , who came on board as jack-of-all-trades Dave ( “ I , one time , manned a flamethrower ” ) .
“ Bill had told me this story about their friend who took acid and got a piece of metal stuck in their eye , and Bill had to take them to the hospital , ” Samberg said . A version of the anecdote ended up in the movie . Years later , Samberg continued , Hader “ bumped into their buddy , and they are , like , ‘ Hey man , I saw that movie you were in . You know that scene where you take acid ? Did you know that happened to me ? ' ”
Perhaps Hot Rod 's most impressive stunt was the casting of Oscar winner Sissy Spacek as Rod 's unflappable mother . “ She 's the best , ” Samberg enthused . “ Her name came up , and we thought , yeah , right , we could never get Sissy Spacek . And Lorne said , ‘ I could call her . ' Maybe they did it because their daughter enjoyed some of the stuff we did on S.N.L . I might be just making that up though . ”
“ One little anecdote about Ian , ” Taccone offered . “ He smells great . My favorite scene to shoot was when I got to lie on their chest , and I could breathe in their musk . ”
“ Who cares what anyone thinks ? ”
Hot Rod did garner some positive notice ( “ The movie is funny because it is sincere , ” Roger Ebert wrote in this three-star review ) —but much like Rod Kimble , it crashed , imploded , and sank at the box office , earning $ 5 million in its opening weekend . Throughout its theatrical run , the film grossed roughly $ 14 million domestically ( and an additional $ 396,000 in international markets ) .
“ We came out two weeks before Superbad , ” Samberg recalled . “ Our movie obviously did n't make a lot of money , and then Superbad just destroyed . We had become friendly with Michael Cera through S.N.L. , and I remember texting him , ‘ Congrats on Superbad . I 've been on vacation in Europe . How did our movie do ? I feel like they did about the same . ' ”
“ We got breakdowns of where it made money from across the world , ” Taccone said . “ I was really pressing for us to take a double-page [ ad ] out in The Hollywood Reporter , announcing that Hot Rod made $ 714 in France and Liberia combined , with 15 exclamation points—which is something people do when their movies kill . I still wish we had done it . ”
“ We could still do it , ” Samberg offered .
But Hot Rod 's fortunes began to turn around with its release on home video ; the film has earned just over $ 25 million in DVD sales . It was n't until its cable release , Taconne said , that they really got an inkling of its growing cult audience . “ We began to feel better when Hot Rod went to Showtime , ” Schaffer added . “ That was a year later . Then came Comedy Central for four years . Finally , it went on Netflix for three or four years . We started getting nice offers , a screening at a festival , little things to let us know that there were people who liked it . ”
The Lonely Island always hoped the film would find its audience . As Schaffer puts it , “ we just did n't realize we 'd have to wait 10 years . ”
From Paramount/Everett Collection .
“ Too Legit to Quit . ”
There are still cult-film milestones Hot Rod has yet to meet . The film has n't yet made its bones on the midnight-movie circuit , for example : on the recommendation of two twentysomething employees , Landmark Theatres film buyer Mark Valen booked Hot Rod at L.A. 's venerable Nuart Theatre , where such films as Eraserhead , Pink Flamingos and The Rocky Horror Picture Show have thrived . The theater seats about 300 ; 38 showed up to see Hot Rod .
But Valen has faith . “ Maybe there are five bookings before we completely give up on a film , ” they told Vanity Fair . “ There 's only been one for Hot Rod , so it 's still worth trying . I like Andy Samberg . I just have n't gotten quite brave enough to give it another shot . ”
Either way , Hot Rod cultists share their idolatry in myriad ways with the film 's creators . Samberg , Taconne , and Schaffer tend to get “ cool beans ” greetings a lot . Samberg reports that during meet and greets for last year 's Popstar : Never Stop Stopping , people would show up dressed like Rod and Kevin .
While re-writing Pam Brady 's script , they said , “ we oftentimes would say it would be so cool if we could make something that felt for kids and teenagers the way movies like Billy Madison and Wet Hot American Summer felt for us . That was definitely our goal . I 'm in no way saying Hot Rod is as good as those , but I am saying it 's nice to hear that it potentially has a warm place in anyone 's heart . ”
Get Vanity Fair 's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood . E-mail Address Subscribe
Earlier this week , the mayor threatened to unleash “ Ford Nation ” on Premier Dalton McGuinty should the province refuse the city 's request for more money . It may have come off as a spur-of-the-moment turn of phrase , but Ford Nation is very real and about to change the political landscape of Ontario .
Rob Ford shakes the hand of their former campaign manager and chief of staff , Nick Kouvalis , in the city council chambers in December . Kouvalis is now working on a broader-scale political organization to champion Tea Party-style `` respect the taxpayer '' issues . ( RENE JOHNSTON / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
For months , members of Ford 's former campaign staff have been quietly drawing up plans to form a right-wing advocacy group . The intention is to monetize and organize this huge ideological voting base , essentially forming a quasi Tea Party North . It would mean millions of dollars for the conservative movement , high-profile publicity for Tory-friendly issues and an energized right-wing base . “ But it wo n't be called Ford Nation . It 's going to be an advocacy group for the taxpayers of Toronto . It will be something like : Respect for Taxpayers Action Group , ” said Nick Kouvalis , the mayor 's former chief of staff and deputy campaign manager .
Article Continued Below
Kouvalis , the man credited with parlaying the phrase “ gravy train ” to a Ford victory , has been meeting with lawyers over the past few weeks to ensure no one is violating campaign-financing legislation . Neither the mayor nor their right-hand man , Councillor Doug Ford , has anything to do with the group , said Kouvalis . Legally it would create complications under municipal campaign fundraising laws . But the organization is clearly a spinoff of Ford 's mayoral campaign , which was also called Respect for Taxpayers . A year ago this month , Ford entered the race for mayor as a long shot . But with each passing week , their simple message of “ protecting the taxpayer ” began to catch on . While the candidate stuck to their script , Ford 's team , backed by Kouvalis ' polling firm , Campaign Research , was rapidly building a database of diehard supporters through aggressive polling , robocalls , and a grassroots-led door-knocking campaign . By June , Ford had overtaken the man many thought could n't be beaten , George Smitherman .
When the votes were tallied , Ford had coasted to victory . Kouvalis believes a majority of those voters would be interested in signing up for Ford Nation , or whatever it ends up being called . Since leaving Ford 's office a month ago , Kouvalis has been heading up the initiative . If everything goes according to schedule , the group could open its doors by the end of the month . The plan is to initially start in Toronto , then expand to other Ontario cities .
Article Continued Below
Then nationwide . “ What we found during the campaign is there is a lot of frustration out there among taxpayers . And those taxpayers are willing to be politically engaged , donating their time and money to have their voice heard . It 's happening across the States and now here in Canada , ” they said . “ I wanted to continue building this movement that would be a voice for taxpayers . Not just for Toronto but for the whole province. ” Fundraising will be a large objective for Ford Nation , which will be registered as a non-profit . But Kouvalis also has plans to commission research , advocate in political campaigns , buy advertising and release opinions on the issues of the day . “ Right now , ( transit union president ) Bob Kinnear goes on the radio to argue their points and there 's no one speaking against him , ” said Kouvalis . During the election , Ford 's campaign was frustrated by attacks from groups such as the Toronto Environmental Alliance . There was no right-wing equivalent to fire back . “ The left wing has a monopoly on this stuff . Now it 's our turn … we will be a voice on the centre-right , ” said Kouvalis , drawing a comparison to Working Families , which the Tories charge is connected to the Liberals though Elections Ontario has ruled it is an independent organization . At Queen 's Park , Liberals are closely watching the rise of the so-called Ford Nation . There is concern in some Liberal quarters that the province appears to be antagonizing the mayor at a time when they are still basking in a political honeymoon . “ Ford is going from a position of strength , ” noted one official , who is hopeful tensions will be defused soon . Neil Thomlinson , chair of Ryerson University 's politics department , said provincial Liberals have reason to be nervous . “ Anything that organizes people and gives them a feeling of belonging and engagement has the potential to influence political outcomes . And these are n't any old people , these are energizing people with a particular axe to grind , just like the Tea Party , ” they said . If the group does launch , it would be the first of its kind , left or right , said Thomlinson . Interest groups such as the Toronto Environmental Alliance are focused on particular issues and lobby those in power to implement policy to their liking , said Thomlinson . In contrast , “ Ford Nation centres around an ideology . They 're not organized around an issue or even a set of issues , ” they said . “ I ca n't think of ( any other group ) whose whole purpose in life is political-electoral. ” Trying to channel the electricity of a campaign into a broader political movement is n't new . After Barack Obama 's victory , their team tried , somewhat unsuccessfully , to continue the energy of Organizing for America , which in 2008 boasted 8 million volunteers . Organizers found that without the candidate , the motivation was n't there . Nelson Wiseman , a politics professor at the University of Toronto , is skeptical Ford Nation would have much political impact . “ Municipal issues are totally different than provincial ones . I do n't think people elected Ford to go fight ( Premier Dalton ) McGuinty . People were outraged about Kyle Rae 's retirement party , ” they said . “ And so they had the highest municipal turnout record . Well , really , how competitive have the last municipal elections been ? ” Wiseman continued . “ ( Kouvalis ) has had a big moment of glory ( and ) I think he 's very smart , but I also think this has gone to their head. ” With files from Robert Benzie
Read more about :
July is always an amazing month in Kingston .
We kick things off with the Canada Day festivities and for the 150 it promises to be an extra special year .
We have the Buskers coming back to town shortly after that followed by the Fort Henry Annual Tattoo .
There are a lot of great fundraising events for various charities involving athletics , and festivals such as the Kick & Push Festival and Artfest .
As if that was n't enough we 've got the Odessa Fair and Delta Fair – both well worth the trip .
Noteworthy Events & Festivals :
Canada Day Kingston
Buskers 2017 Downtown Kingston
Fort Henry Annual Tattoo Fort Henry
Music in the Park Confederation Park
Artfest City Park
Storefront Fringe Festival Downtown Kingston
Chef Cooking Demos Springer Market Square
Family Fun Day Land O'Lakes Rescue Petting Farm
Fort Henry Sunset Ceremony Fort Henry
Movies in the Square Springer Market Square
Full Moon Party Murney Tower
Odessa Fair Odessa Fairgrounds
Kick & Push Festival The Grand Theatre
Delta Fair Delta
Canadian Guitar Festival Loughborough Lake Holiday Park
Taste of Kingston Confederation Basin
Show N Shine Confederation Park
Comedy :
Absolute Comedy Club Absolute Comedy Club
Arts & Theatre :
Man of La Mancha The Davies Foundation Auditorium
New Eyes on the Universe Agnes Etherington Art Centre
Theatre in Gananoque Springer Theatre
One-Act Play Festival The Davies Foundation Auditorium
Ingrid Tiffe Trunk Show Passionate Artisans
Kid Koala 's Vinyl Vaudeville The Grand Theatre
Sports :
Wolfe Island Classic 5k & 10k Wolfe Island
Swim for Kids Richardson Beach
Pull Together for Epilepsy Confederation Park
Kingston Derby Girls Kingston Memorial Centre
Focus Forward 5K City Park
Live Music & Open Mic :
Chill on the Hill Fort Henry
Live Music : The Mansion
Live Music : Raxx Raxx Bar and Grill
Live Music : The Merchant Tap House
Misc :
Love Your Lake Lake Ontario Park
The Haunted Walk Downtown Kingston
Museum of Health Care Exhibition Launch Museum of Health Care
Quarantine Tent City Park
Medical Memories Museum of Health Care
Mr Spot Dog Camp St. Lawrence College Residence
Mr Spot Murder Mysteries Sir John 's Public House
The much-anticipated meeting between two of the world 's most controversial leaders is set to take place on November 13 . US President Donald Trump is expected to hold bilateral talks with their Filipino counterpart , Rodrigo Duterte , ahead of the East Asia Summit in the Philippines .
By and large , many are expecting a convivial hobnob between the two populist leaders , who have promised to make their respective nations great again . While some have welcomed the burgeoning Duterte-Trump bromance as a much-needed respite for a troubled alliance , others have been critical of the US president 's open embrace of strongmen like Duterte .
A troubled alliance
During their early months in office , Duterte repeatedly insulted US officials , including former President Barack Obama who criticised their bloody drug war . Duterte 's scorched-earth campaign has reportedly claimed thousands of lives since 2016 , drawing condemnation from human rights groups , international media and Western capitals .
Amid growing disagreements with traditional allies like Washington , Duterte adopted an `` independent '' foreign policy , which saw the Philippines drawing closer to China and Russia . In return , US ' chief rivals offered state-of-the-art weapons and large-scale investment deals .
It must be said that Trump and Duterte also share ideological affinity .
Within months , Duterte downgraded security ties with America , threatening to expel US soldiers stationed in the Philippines and cancelling major war games in the contested South China Sea . They also restricted US access to Philippine bases under the newly implemented Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement .
All of a sudden , the US seemed on the verge of losing its oldest ally in Asia , with China rapidly filling in the vacuum . The election of Trump , however , precipitated an unmistakable recovery in bilateral ties .
In particular , this was due to the Trump administration 's explicit and conscious decision to prioritise strategic cooperation with Asian allies over promotion of human rights and democracy values . The Filipino president , who has consistently shunned criticising Trump , has been visibly pleased .
Birds of a feather flock together
If anything , Duterte has been all praise for Trump in the past year , welcoming closer bilateral cooperation against common concerns such as terrorism . Ahead of their meeting with the US president , they promised that their country will `` remain to be the best of friends with America '' .
In return , senior officials from the Trump administration , particularly Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , have rarely discussed human rights concerns during their meetings with Duterte .
According to leaked documents , the White House even supports Duterte 's anti-drug campaign . The US president went as far as praising the Filipino leader for doing an `` unbelievable job on the drug problem '' .
{ articleGUID }
It must be said that Trump and Duterte also share ideological affinity . They are both besieged populists , who present themselves as the true representative of `` the people '' against the liberal establishment .
Deeply unpopular at home , Trump has openly embraced and seemingly envies international strongmen , who exercise almost total control over their respective countries . As for Duterte , they relish the support and attention of global leaders like Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin .
But there are also pragmatic factors at play . Duterte has recognised , albeit reluctantly , the significance of US alliance in moments of crisis .
Ties that bind
When ISIL-affiliated fighters laid a months-long siege on Marawi , the Philippines ' largest Muslim majority city , Washington provided desperately needed Special Forces assistance , high-grade intelligence , and weapons to the Philippine military .
Philippine Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana , a former defence attache in Washington , thanked the US for playing a `` vital '' role in defeating ISIL elements in Marawi . Duterte has also acknowledged the deep and unshakable bond between the Pentagon and Philippine military , which has played a key role in shaping and taming the Filipino president 's erratic defence policy .
{ articleGUID }
During their meeting with Trump , Duterte is expected to discuss ways to enhance counter-terrorism and counter-narcotics cooperation , where both allies share common concerns . It 's doubtful , though , whether there will be any substantive discussions on trade and investment issues as well as the South China Sea , where Duterte is exploring joint energy development with Beijing .
The two leaders will also tackle continued cooperation in areas of disaster relief and humanitarian assistance , given the Philippines ' vulnerability to extreme weather events . Duterte , however , made it clear that they wo n't welcome any discussion on human rights lest they will tell the US leader to `` lay off '' .
Though the US administration has been under pressure to raise Duterte 's drug war in Manila , Trump will likely focus on building rapport and personal friendship with their Filipino counterpart .
It is far from impossible to expect an all-smiling picture , showing the two leaders making the controversial Duterte fist bump gesture after their meeting . Duterte is determined to show that even the US president is behind him , while Trump is eager to display their personal diplomacy and ability to win back estranged allies .
This will likely anger their liberal critics at home , but will keep one of the world 's longest-standing alliances on an even keel . In many ways , Trump and Duterte are a perfect match and will likely keep their bromance going over the coming years .
The views expressed in this article are the author 's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera 's editorial policy .
Last week , I had the pleasure of being present at a panel of baseball people talking about 2015 's big stories , and one of the questions was , “ are the Padres contenders ? ” Some said yes . Others said no . Most of the discussion centered on the rebuilt outfield of Justin Upton , Matt Kemp , and Wil Myers , mainly about how that could possibly come together on defense . Now , we 're hearing about how they may yet be the team that comes away with James Shields , who would inject some stability into what is a talented-but-fragile rotation .
Jeff will have more on that signing later , but obviously : Shields will help ! Adding them makes for a rotation front four of Shields , Andrew Cashner , Ian Kennedy , and Tyson Ross , which is potentially pretty impressive . More innings from Shields mean fewer that you need to rely upon from Odrisamer Despaigne , Josh Johnson and Brandon Morrow , and that 's a good thing . Signing Shields and trading for Cole Hamels would help ! Lots of things , likely and less so , would help . Here 's what I had wanted to ask that panel , though , especially those who believe that the reworked Padres are now contenders : How many people can actually name all four Padres starting infielders ?
Obviously there 's a bit of hyperbole there , but the point is that this is n't a question you want to be asking about a team that wants to be included in the October conversation . If you did n't follow the team closely , would you be able to come up with Yonder Alonso , Jedd Gyorko , Alexi Amarista , and Will Middlebrooks off the top of your head ? Because this group , despite returning only one player who took more than 50 % of the plate appearances at the same position last season , does n't look good . It 's actually a considerable issue , if you look at Steamer 's 2015 projections combined with our curated depth chart playing time inputs :
For a team that expects to be a contender this year , that 's not particularly encouraging , and it 's not only showing time from the four presumed starters . It also includes varying amounts of playing time from Clint Barmes , Tommy Medica , Yangervis Solarte , Jake Goebbert , and Cory Spangenberg , and while the exact dispersal might not play out in reality as we 've guessed it will here , the general outlook is the same : Yikes .
Obviously , we 're focusing only on the infield here . Even more obviously , there 's much more to a baseball team than just the infield , things like the catchers and outfielders and pitchers and ballpark and manager and luck . It takes a lot of things to have a successful baseball team , and good teams can overcome weaknesses if they 're strong enough elsewhere . Now , whether or not the Padres are strong enough elsewhere to overcome a lousy infield is another conversation entirely , but that leads into an interesting question : How often does a team find success when its infield is an anchor , rather than an engine ? Is it somewhat unlikely , or very unlikely ?
To test that , I looked at the last five seasons of play and 150 team seasons , mapping the relationship between infield WAR and team wins . I used the positional splits in our leaderboards , so this is accounting only for value created while playing that position . ( For example , the Blue Jays had seven players see time at first base last year , and Edwin Encarnacion compiled 3.0 of their 3.6 WAR there . ) Unsurprisingly , there 's some relationship between having a good infield and winning baseball games . Also unsurprisingly , it 's not the strongest relationship you 'll ever see , because there 's so much more to a baseball team than just an infield .
Still , it 's not exactly a great omen for these Padres :
It 's really hard to have an infield worth fewer than five wins above replacement and win even 80 games . It 's really hard to have an infield worth more than 15 wins above replacement and win fewer than 88 games . In between , there 's a wide variety of outcomes , though clearly it 's easier with better players . Better players win more ballgames . This is n't a groundbreaking finding .
But it 's not impossible , is it ? There 's an outlier to the upper left , and similar teams near the green line . If you 're looking for hope , that red dot to the upper left would be the 2012 Orioles , who somehow won 93 games despite managing just three WAR from an infield that was mostly made up of Mark Reynolds at first ( with a little of a pre-breakout Chris Davis ) , a Robert Andino / Omar Quintanilla mess at second , a solid J.J. Hardy campaign at short , and Wilson Betemit-giving-way-to-Manny Machado at third . How 'd they do it ? All due respect to good years from Matt Wieters and Adam Jones , that was the Baltimore team that managed a hilariously unsustainable 29-9 record in one-run games , along with 16-2 in extra innings . So if the path is “ be the luckiest team ever , ” that 's a hard one to replicate .
Next to that is the dot that represents the 2012 A 's infield of Chris Carter , Jemile Weeks , Cliff Pennington , and Brandon Inge , who got by with some of the best outfield hitting in baseball and snuck into first place only on the final day of the season when the Rangers collapsed . This would seem to be probably the closest recent comparison point for these Padres , although those A 's were helped by good run prevention skills partially fueled by the outfield defense of Josh Reddick and Coco Crisp , and outfield defense might plague this particular Padres roster .
( If you 're curious , the team that had the best infield production yet still did n't make the playoffs would be the 2011 Red Sox , who had baseball 's best offense , but won only 90 games because they could offer only two starting pitchers who were even league-average in Jon Lester and Josh Beckett ; had it been in place at the time , they would have made the wild card play-in game . )
The obvious retort here is , “ well , projections are only that , and I think the Padres infield will outplay that 5.6 WAR projection because : ____________. ” And , fair enough . Perhaps they will . Let 's at least take a lap around the infield and see how San Diego got here , and whether there 's reason to hope for more than these players have provided in the past .
At first base , Yonder Alonso is headed into their age-28 season having only once taken 400 plate appearances in a year , missing multiple stints over the last two seasons due to right hand , wrist , and forearm injuries . ( Though they got more plate appearances as the Padres first baseman than anyone last year , it was still fewer than 50 % , particularly as the departed Yasmani Grandal saw a good deal of second-half time . ) He 's had a 98 wRC+ over the last two years , 105 for their career , and Steamer sees them getting up to 112 along with nearly two wins this year . It 'd easily be the best season of their career , and if healthy , does n't seem unattainable . This seems like a fair projection , even a generous one , for a player who has yet to show they can be more than average .
Second belongs to Jedd Gyorko , who followed up a good rookie season ( 111 wRC+ , 2.5 WAR ) with a disaster sophomore season ( 78 wRC+ , 0.0 WAR ) , with reports of plantar fasciitis being one potential cause . Steamer predicts a bounce-back to a league-average bat and overall value , which is n't unfair given how awful they were last year . Since they were much better after coming off a DL stint , nearly back to where he 'd been as a rookie , there 's reason to have some expectations for production here . There 's just no cause to think he 's going to be better than they were in 2013 , when they were good , not a star . If they can even match that , 2015 is a success , and of course there 's clear risk that they ca n't .
It 's the left side that gets problematic , however . With the departed Everth Cabrera unemployed and mired in legal issues of their own making , the Padres look to promote utility guy Alexi Amarista into the role , along with support from veteran import Clint Barmes . Amarista 's wRC+ in their three big league seasons : 85 , 75 , 71 . Their Steamer projection : A perhaps generous 80 . Valuable as a flexible backup , he 's barely above replacement as a starting shortstop . Not that Barmes is much of an alternative : At 36 , he 's long since proven he 's not much of a bat , though he 's an acceptable fielder . We have this pair down for 0.6 WAR . That does n't feel incorrect .
In a post-Chase Headley third base world , there 's newcomer Will Middlebrooks , who has been injured , atrocious , or both over the last two seasons . Improved health would be welcome , but so would reversing this scary K % trend of 24.5 - > 26.2 - > 29.9 . Steamer is n't a fan , nor is there much reason to dream on Yangervis Solarte , a career minor leaguer who had a 135 wRC+ in their first two months in the big leagues last year , then only an 83 in the four months afterwards .
If the projections are down on these guys , well , it seems defensible all around . It 's certainly possible that Gyorko or Middlebrooks or even Alonso bounces back in 2015 . It 's just very , very hard to see that happening all around the infield at the same time , and it 's pretty difficult to get to the playoffs with a porous infield . Maybe the Padres shake all this up by signing Hector Olivera ; maybe if they ever get around to trading excess outfielders Cameron Maybin , Will Venable , or Carlos Quentin , they 'll do so in a way that brings back some infield support . Until then , this is what they 're going into the season with .
The Padres are going to be better than last year , almost certainly , and that 's a good thing . At the very least , they 're going to be considerably more entertaining than last year 's boring and unwatchable group , and that 's a very good thing . I think for a lot of Padres fans who have felt like the team was barely even trying for so many years , that alone might be enough , and we 've seen how just being decent can pay off in the world of two wild cards . They 've at least taken steps in the right direction this winter , and Shields is yet another one . To be true contenders , though , something 's got to be done about that infield . It 's a problem big enough that it wo n't just go away on its own .
Clallam History Name : Clallam Owner : Puget Sound Navigation Company Builder : Shipyard of Edward Heath in Tacoma Cost : 80.000 US Dollar Christened : April 15 , 1903 Completed : 1903 Maiden voyage : July 3 , 1903 Out of service : 1904 Fate : Sunk , January 8 , 1904 , Strait of Juan de Fuca General characteristics Tonnage : 657-tons Length : 168 ft ( 51 m ) Beam : 32 ft ( 9.8 m ) Installed power : 800 hp ( 600 kW ) compound engine Propulsion : propeller-drive Speed : 13 kn ( 24 km/h ) Capacity : 250 Crew : 31
The steamboat Clallam operated for about six months from July 1903 to January 1904 in Puget Sound and the Strait of Juan de Fuca . They were sunk in a storm on what should have been an ordinary voyage to Victoria , British Columbia .
Construction [ edit ]
Clallam was built in 1903 at the shipyard of Edward Heath ( 1864–1934 ) in Tacoma . Clallam was 168 ' long , 32 ' on the beam , with 13 ' depth of hold and rated at 657-tons . They were propeller-driven and built of Douglas fir , with an 800 horsepower ( 600 kW ) compound engine which allowed them to cruise at 13 knots ( 24 km/h ) . They had 44 staterooms . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Clallam was commissioned by the Puget Sound Navigation Company to run with another steamer , Majestic on the route from Tacoma to Seattle , Port Townsend and Victoria . During their launching on April 15 , 1903 , the woman who swung the bottle of champagne at their bow missed , and when the U.S flag was unfurled , it was upside down , in the sign of distress . [ 1 ] These were deemed unlucky signs by the superstitious among the waterfront and marine trades . [ 3 ]
Sinking [ edit ]
Premonition [ edit ]
Known as `` the bell sheep 's premonition '' after the fact ; an odd event occurred to the Clallam in Seattle as they were loading their northbound passengers and freight at Pier 1 , at the foot of Yesler Way . Black Ball Line steamers often carried sheep bound for Port Townsend and Victoria along with a trained mascot or bell sheep which always led the herd aboard . On this occasion , the bell sheep that usually made the voyage absolutely refused to board the vessel and was finally left behind when the ship departed Seattle at 8:30 a.m. [ 2 ]
Last seen in distress [ edit ]
Capt . George Roberts ( photograph taken before 1895 )
On the morning of Friday , January 8 , 1904 , Clallam left Tacoma on their regular run , in command of Capt . George Roberts , then 55 years old and a veteran of 29 years marine service . [ 4 ] They picked up passengers and freight , first in Seattle , then Port Townsend , where they cleared customs , then at 12:15 departed Port Townsend , heading north across the Strait of Juan de Fuca bound for Victoria . Clallam should have reached Victoria at about 4:00 p.m. [ 5 ]
The wind was rising as they left , and eventually reached speeds of up to 36 miles ( 58 km ) an hour in the Straits and up to 60 miles ( 97 km ) an hour further west at Tatoosh Island at the entrance to the strait . [ 2 ] Still , Clallam nearly reached safety , as about 5:00 p.m. they were seen from the Canada coast , near Trial Island dead in the water and rolling heavily . Afterwards they were observed to be running eastwards before the wind , away from Vancouver Island towards the San Juan Islands . [ 3 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Search efforts mounted [ edit ]
The company 's agent at Victoria , Edward E. Blackwood , seeing Clallam in distress , began a frantic effort to find a tug to go out to them All the Canadian seagoing tugs were absent from port , and the little harbor tugs refused to go out into the gale . The little Canadian steamer Iroquois was docked at Sidney , on Vancouver Island . Blackwood was able to get word to the Iroquois ' master that Clallam was missing and they agreed to take their vessel out into the storm to search for them Waves broke clear over the bridge on Iroquois . Unable to find Clallam , Iroquois returned to port at midnight , or 11:00 p.m. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] ( Iroquois themselves was in very serious danger during the storm , and in fact was sunk themselves in similar circumstances during a storm in the Gulf Islands on April 10 , 1911 , with 14 people drowned . ) [ 7 ] Over in Port Townsend , the dispatcher of the Puget Sound Tug Boat Company sent the tugs Sea Lion ( from Seattle ) and Richard Holyoke ( from Port Townsend ) to look for Clallam . Richard Holyoke departed Port Townsend at about 7:30 p.m. [ 3 ] [ 6 ] Location of Clallam would prove difficult , as contrary to law , they carried no distress signal rockets . [ 1 ]
Rising water on board [ edit ]
As the gale rose in the Strait , First Officer George W. Doney was in command at the pilot house , while Captain Roberts was resting in their cabin . As the ship 's rolling increased , Captain Roberts , realizing the ship was in distress , came to the pilot house . Chief Engineer Scott A. DeLaunay called up the speaking tube to report that a deadlight [ 8 ] had been stove in and the ship was taking on water . Captain Roberts sent Doney to find out what was happening . [ 4 ]
It turned out that the deadlight , which has been previously broken and then repaired , but not apparently very well , had been stove in by the storm waves . [ 4 ] Engineer De Launay went to the pilot house and reported in person the situation to Captain Roberts . Roberts went down to the engine room , where they found it was waist deep in water . The engineering staff had tried to plug up the hole using blankets stuffed in and held in place with nailed down boards . These efforts had obviously failed . [ 2 ]
Just how this appalling situation had come about was never completely cleared up . [ 1 ] Either Clallam 's pumps were defective , clogged with coal or other debris or were operated incorrectly by chief engineer De Launay . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Rather than evacuating water from the vessel , the pumps appear to have moved water into it . Back up pumps also failed . At about 3:00 p.m. , the rising water quenched the vessel 's boiler fire , leaving them without power . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 9 ]
Lowering the boats [ edit ]
At about 3:30 p.m. , when the ship seemed as if it could not long stay afloat , Captain Roberts ordered the lifeboats lowered , and into them placed mostly women and children , but apparently no officers from the ship to command the boats , although four crewmen and a passenger who was an experienced merchant officer went in the first boat . All three boats capsized or failed to properly launch , drowning all aboard them . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Many of the men remaining on board watched their wives and children drown . One man was on their wedding trip . Their bride drowned . [ 4 ] Newell describes the scene :
“ The second boat was said to have been launched safely and was about to pull away from the ship 's side when an fear-crazed man leaped into it from the hurricane deck shouting , 'By God , that boat do n't go without me ! ' As they landed in the heavily loaded boat their heavy boots struck the head of one of the women , crushing their skull . Then the hero 's floundering about turned the boat over and it sank . A young mother from the overturned boat floated by the steamer 's side , a baby held high out of the water by their up-stretched arms . A man went over the side on a rope and had their hands on the child when a hissing wave snatched it away . [ 1 ] ”
Other accounts state that the second boat capsized about 600 feet ( 180 m ) from the steamer . [ 2 ]
Clallam remains afloat [ edit ]
Those remaining on board began bailing out the ship with buckets , and they stayed afloat until the next morning , Saturday , January 9 . Meanwhile , at about 10:35 p.m. on January 8 , the steam tug Richard Holyoke , under the command of Capt . Robert Hall , found them Captain Hall got a tow line on board and took Clallam under tow . This was in between Smith Island and San Juan Island . Although Victoria was closer , the weather conditions were such that it seemed best to head for the American shore . [ 3 ] The tug Sea Lion joined them at about 1:00 a.m. on January 9 . [ 2 ]
Capsize and sinking [ edit ]
Clallam never got to the shore . Captain Roberts realized they were about to founder and signaled the Holyoke to cast off the towline . Holyoke misunderstood Captain Roberts ' signal to cast off the tow line , so it had to be cut lest the sinking Clallam drag Holyoke down with her . [ 1 ] Clallam rolled over and sank quickly at about 1:15 a.m. [ 3 ] The tugs then went to rescue the people in the water , saving most or all of the 36 who had remained aboard . [ 10 ] Capt . Edward D. Hickman ( 1876–1928 ) , then serving as mate on Richard Holyoke , dove into the icy water to rescue 15 people . They suffered from poor health as a result for a long time afterwards . [ 3 ]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The Tacoma Times subsequently reported that the wreck of the Clallam had been salvaged and sold at auction , with the Canadian Pacific Railway buying `` the capstan and some of the more movable parts '' ; a pawnbroker bought much of the hull , with the intent of displaying it at exhibitions , but by June 1904 had abandoned it on a beach outside Oak Bay . [ 11 ]
Clallam , in June 1904 Remains of the , in June 1904
Impact of loss [ edit ]
56 people in the boats had drowned , of whom 45 were passengers . Not one of the seventeen women and four children on the passenger list survived . [ 10 ] There were probably more than 56 lost because several children under fare age were never accounted for . [ 4 ] Bad as this was , things could have been much worse , as Clallam had embarked only 92 people ( 31 crew and 61 passengers ) on their last voyage , although they were licensed to carry 250 passengers on ordinary voyages with freight , or 500 on excursions without freight . [ 2 ]
Engineer DeLaunay 's license was revoked . Captain Roberts ' license was suspended . Noting the absence of legally-required signal rockets on board Clallam , the steamboat inspection service launched a crackdown on defective or insufficiently equipped vessels , of which there were many . [ 3 ] The Clallam 's route was taken over by the Alaskan Steamship Company , operating first the Dolphin and then later Majestic , which was rebuilt and renamed Whatcom . [ 3 ] Joshua Green , then in charge of the Puget Sound Navigation Company , determined to put much more reliable ships on the inland seas , shortly thereafter purchasing the steel steamers Indianapolis , Chippewa , and Iroquois from the Great Lakes and arranging to bring them around South America through the Strait of Magellan to Puget Sound . [ 4 ]
One other significance of the Clallam disaster may be that when the Princess Sophia went aground in October 1918 , in Lynn Canal , their captain , undoubtedly familiar with the Clallam sinking , refused to put the passengers into the boats , even though rescue vessels were at hand , due to the bad sea conditions which it must have seemed to them would make evacuation of the stranded vessel a greater danger than remaining on board . This proved to be a fatal misjudgment in the Princess Sophia 's case , as the sea and wind came up during the night , washed the Sophia off the rocks , and drowned all aboard . [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
The Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History - HistoryLink.org [ edit ]
University of Washington image collection [ edit ]
I spent a few years consulting in the field and one question would always come up . How do I tell whats installed on my servers ? There are tons of advice on how to do this , some good and some bad , lets go thru it .
The Good Stuff : A function to get installed programs from the registry . Get-InstalledProgram
The Bad - Win32_Product
Get-WmiObject -Class Win32_Product
Please do n't do this . I did this… What 's sad is if you look for how to get installed software this is still a common recommendation . While this does accomplish the goal , it comes with limitations . The first being that it 's incredibly slow .
The reason this command is so slow is that when you query the class , the provider actually performs a reconfiguration on every package installed on the system . If you check the event log after running the command ( OMG you did n't run it did you ? ! ? ! ) you 'll see a ton of events from the MsiInstaller source .
Get-EventLog -LogName Application -After ( Get-Date ) .AddMinutes ( -5 ) -Source MsiInstaller | Where -Object { $ PSItem .EventID -eq '1035 ' } | Measure-Object
If I perform just one query against Win32_Product on my machine , it generates over 550 events ! All of them looking something like the example below .
WMIC
Please bear with me as we take a trip down memory lane . Did you know PowerShell was n't Snover 's first time at the command line ? Before Posh was even a thing , there was WMIC.exe . This tool is interesting to say the least . With a syntax that is oddly familiar and built specifically to interact with WMI , WMIC.exe might even be PowerShells big brother . Take a look how to get the cpu information from the local machine .
WMIC.exe CPU GET NAME
Which produced the following output
Caption Name NumberOfCores Intel64 Family 6 Model 60 Stepping 3 Intel ( R ) Core ( TM ) i7-4790K CPU @ 4.00GHz 4
Since it 's just interacting with WMI , you can use WMIC.exe to get installed software .
WMIC.exe Product Get Name , Version
This same query could even be run against remote machines using the node switch .
WMIC.exe /node : Server1 Product Get Name , Version
The reason I wanted to include WMIC is because there are still a lot of references to it online . It 's not obvious at first , but the above WMIC.exe command is performing a query against Win32_Product . Due to this , it suffers from all of the same limitations and should be avoided where ever possible .
The Good - Registry
A much more efficient way to enumerate software is to query the registry ( in fact , this is how add remove programs does it ) . When software is installed it should leave an entry in the registry . There 's just one catch , the location of this entry could be in a couple of different places . There are 2 sections for software installed at the machine level , one for 32-bit applications and one for 64-bit .
HKLM : \SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\ HKLM : \SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\
There 's also 2 other locations for software installed at the user level , again one for 32 bit applications and one for 64 bit .
HKCU : \Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\ HKCU : \Software\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall
Using The Registry Provider
Get-ChildItem HKLM : \SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\ *
There 's a lot of great information in these registry keys , including the uninstallation string . This is the command that get executed when you click uninstall from add remove programs . To make working with these keys easier , I created a function Get-InstallProgram . It basically wraps the loop functionality required to check all 4 locations and adds parameters for DisplayName and Publisher . Here 's a shot of it in action :
Using Dot Net
You can also use the raw dot net methods to interact with the registry . The below example uses the registry hive on the local machine to find the installed programs .
$ computerName = $ env : COMPUTERNAME $ registryHive = [ Microsoft.Win32.RegistryHive ] : :LocalMachine $ registry = [ Microsoft.Win32.RegistryKey ] : :OpenRemoteBaseKey ( $ registryHive , $ computerName ) $ registryPath = `` Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall '' $ keyNames = $ registry .OpenSubKey ( $ registryPath ) .GetSubKeyNames ( ) ForEach ( $ key in $ keyNames ) { $ registry .OpenSubKey ( $ registryPath ) .OpenSubKey ( $ key ) .GetValue ( 'DisplayName ' ) }
What 's neat about using this method is , you can query computers using the remote registry service . This could be useful in some scenario where PowerShell remoting is not available but remote registry is . This function was created to make interacting with the remote registry a little easier .
The New - PackageManagement
In version 5 of PowerShell the team introduced the PackageManagement module . This module introduced a ton of great functionality for managing software . Get-Package is now built in , and can be used to retrieve locally installed software . Not only will it find installed programs , it 'll also list any chocolatey packages you have installed . If you 're on version 5 or later its quick , easy and built in .
Wrapping Up
I hope this post was helpful . With these new tools at your disposal , the next time the boss tells you to inventory the servers it should be a breeze .
series of paintings and engravings by William Hogarth
A Harlot 's Progress ( also known as The Harlot 's Progress ) is a series of six paintings ( 1731 , now destroyed ) [ 1 ] and engravings ( 1732 ) [ 2 ] by the English artist William Hogarth . The series shows the story of a young woman , M. ( Moll or Mary ) Hackabout , who arrives in London from the country and becomes a prostitute . The series was developed from the third image : having painted a prostitute in their boudoir in a garret on Drury Lane , Hogarth struck upon the idea of creating scenes from their earlier and later life . The title and rich allegory are reminiscent of John Bunyan 's Pilgrim 's Progress .
In the first scene , an old woman praises their beauty and suggests a profitable occupation , procuring them for the gentleman shown towards the back of the image . They are a mistress with two lovers in the second , has become a common prostitute on the point of being arrested in the third , and is beating hemp in Bridewell Prison in the fourth . By the fifth , they are dying from venereal disease , and they are dead aged only 23 in the last .
History [ edit ]
The protagonist `` M. Hackabout '' ( see Plate 1 , Plate 3 , and the coffin-lid in Plate 6 , which reads : `` M. Hackabout Died Sept 2d 1731 Aged 23 '' ) is either named after the hero of Moll Flanders and Kate Hackabout or ironically after the Blessed Virgin Mary . [ 3 ] Kate was a notorious prostitute and the sister of highwayman Francis Hackabout : they were hanged on 17 April 1730 ; they were convicted of keeping a disorderly house in August the same year , having been arrested by Westminster magistrate Sir John Gonson . [ citation needed ]
The series of paintings proved to be very popular and Hogarth used their experience as an apprentice to a silversmith to create engravings of the images , selling a `` limited edition '' of 1,240 sets of six prints to subscribers for a Guinea . Pirate copies of the engravings were soon in circulation , and Hogarth procured a 1735 Act of Parliament ( 8 Geo . II . cap . 13 ) to prohibit the practice . Soon after , Hogarth published their second series of satirical and moralistic images , A Rake 's Progress , [ 4 ] followed ten years later by Marriage à-la-mode . [ 5 ]
The original paintings were destroyed in a fire at Fonthill House in 1755 , the country house of William Beckford ( 1709–1770 ) , a politician and father of William Thomas Beckford ( 1 October 1760 – 2 May 1844 ) builder of Fonthill Abbey in Wiltshire . The original plates survived , and were sold by Hogarth 's widow , Jane , to John Boydell in 1789 ; by them to Baldwin , Cradock and Joy in 1818 ; and then to Henry Bohn in 1835 . Each produced further copies . [ citation needed ]
Adaptation [ edit ]
British composer Iain Bell composed an operatic adaptation of the work which opened at the Theater an der Vienna in Vienna in 2013 with German soprano Diana Damrau in the title role . The world premiere of the opera A Harlot 's Progress was on 13 October 2013 . [ 6 ]
The plates [ edit ]
Legacy [ edit ]
On 22 June 1828 , William Innell Clement published Harlot 's Progress in columns on a single page of their newspaper Bell 's Life in London # 330 . [ 8 ]
We live in an age in which democratic governments are being undermined from outside— it 's increasingly clear that Russia played significant roles in Trump 's victory in the US and Leave 's victory in the Brexit referendum . We are also increasingly aware of the pernicious role that money plays in influencing politics worldwide . In Sheffield , however , the council simply decided to hand over vital decision-making to an unelected , unaccountable multinational corporation .
Before this week , the council 's stunning intransigence on felling the healthy mature trees of Sheffield was a mystery . It 's a long-running story , but the short version is this : the council entered into a 25-year contract with multinational corporation Amey to maintain the roads , pavements , and trees of Sheffield . Despite assurances that tree-felling was “ always a last resort ” , and despite the provision of 14 pre-paid solutions to save trees that were healthy but damaging to roads and pavements , Amey decided to fell thousands of healthy mature trees . As residents began to protest the senseless killing of healthy trees causing minor and easily reparable damage to pavements , the council conducted bizarrely undemocratic surveys on streets with trees designated for felling— there was one vote per household ( a system not used since before the suffragettes ! ) , and ballots came in plain brown envelopes addressed to “ resident ” . If more than 50 % of respondents opposed felling , the street was referred to an Independent Tree Panel ( ITP ) . Even the ITP , with membership hand-picked by the council , could see that many of the felling decisions were wrong , and they recommended saving many of the trees , using pre-paid solutions already in the contract . However , 87.3 % of the times that the ITP recommended against felling , the council decided to fell— even when , as on on my own street , 100 % of respondents wanted to keep the trees .. They insisted that they had no choice— any other decision would be too financially costly to the council . This was baffling : if the solutions were already pre-paid in the contract , how could they be costly ? Why was n't the council insisting that Amey do the work for which it had already paid ?
The mystery deepened as we saw what the council was willing to do rather than use one of the prepaid tree-saving solutions . They conducted a pre-dawn raid on Rustlings Road , using police to rouse residents from their beds in order to move cars , and arresting two pensioners in their nightwear . In following months , they continued to arrest peaceful tree protectors , in the end arresting 14 , including one of the local councillors , Alison Teal . The Labour council , ironically , was so keen to see these people arrested that they used a Thatcher-era anti-union law to do so . All of these charges were eventually dropped . But the council did not give up . They hired bouncers to photograph members of the tree campaign , and spent months compiling massive dossiers of photographs and social media posts , which they used to issue injunctions to 17 peaceful protestors , again including councillor Teal , and to make a case for further injunctions against “ persons unknown ” . Why were they so determined ?
Meanwhile , experts were weighing in on the madness of the Sheffield felling-spree . An article published by the Institute of Chartered Foresters explains “ tree management principles are being misapplied as Sheffield City Council clamours to justify its actions ” . Professor Ian Rotherham ( Department of Natural and Built Environment , Sheffield Hallam ) wrote : “ the scale of this misapplication of funds and resources becomes more apparent with the misuse of the original consultant 's SCC-commissioned review— which recommended a maximum of 500 trees to be in need of removal , when after only 3 years or so , over 5000 had been felled . This represents a catastrophic undermining of local environmental democracy , of local sustainability , and of planning for climate mitigation , for biodiversity , and for community healthy and welfare— and is on an unprecedented scale. ” Highway engineer Peter Townsend wrote : “ many of the trees listed for removal could be retained without causing disruption to the roadway or footway resurfacing ” . A recently conducted CAVAT assessment found that the felling programme is destroying £60 million pounds worth of trees . Why , we all wondered , was Sheffield ignoring all of this ?
Worse yet , the council even refused to budge on the decision to fell the Chelsea Elm , a rare tree which survived Dutch Elm Disease , was voted the second best tree in England , and houses a colony of endangered butterflies . Nor was it moved by protests over the planned felling of the trees on Western Road , each one a memorial to a fallen solider from WW1 who attended the local school . How on earth could the council be so determined to destroy trees of such deep importance ?
We may now know the answer . Sheffield council has finally admitted that they signed a contract which took away all of their own oversight powers . According to a Guardian report , the council is forbidden to go against Amey 's verdict on any tree— if they do , the tree 's maintenance is no longer covered by the contract . Since the council can not afford to maintain the trees outside the contract , we now know why they have been so determined to fell beloved , valuable , rare , important trees against all reason and expert advice : they gave up their power to do otherwise when they signed the PFI contract . Those 14 engineering solutions that are “ pre-paid ” in the contract ? They will only ever be used if Amey chooses to use them . The thousands of healthy trees being felled when easy solutions would save them ? Those easy solutions are totally unavailable unless Amey would like them to be available . That rare tree , those endangered butterflies ? Unless profit-seeking corporation Amey is moved by the entreaties , nothing will save them . Those fallen solider memorialised on Western Road ? Unless Amey decides they matter , their memorials will be ground into sawdust .
Sheffield council signed away its powers when it signed that PFI contract with Amey . Sheffield 's citizens have no way to influence Amey , accountable only to its shareholders . And they have no way , now , to influence the council , which is sadly accountable only to Amey . The antidemocratic nature of PFI contracts is an issue that extends well beyond Sheffield and its trees . But Sheffield and its trees are a particularly vivid illustration .
Illustration by Greg Clarke
Negotiations at the United Nations climate summit in Paris this December will adopt a 'pledge and review ' approach to cutting global carbon emissions . Countries will promise to reduce their emissions by amounts that will be revised later . The narrative is that this will “ enable an upward spiral of ambition over time ” 1 . History and the science of cooperation predict that quite the opposite will happen .
Climate change is a serious challenge because the atmosphere gives a free ride to countries that emit . If some nations sit back and rely on others ' efforts , the incentives for anyone to act are weakened . Review of the first phase of the Kyoto Protocol at the 2012 UN climate meeting in Doha , for instance , resulted in Japan , Russia , Canada and New Zealand leaving the agreement , frustrating those who kept their promises .
Success requires a common commitment , not a patchwork of individual ones . Negotiations need to be designed to realign self-interests and promote cooperation . A common commitment can assure participants that others will match their efforts and not free-ride . A strategy of “ I will if you will ” stabilizes higher levels of cooperation . It is the most robust pattern of cooperation seen in laboratory and field studies of situations open to free-riding2 .
A global carbon price — so far excluded from consideration in international negotiations — would be the ideal basis for a common commitment in our view . A price is easy to agree and handle , relatively fair , less vulnerable to gaming than global cap-and-trade systems , and consistent with climate policies already in place , such as fossil-fuel taxes and emissions cap-and-trade .
Listen David MacKay explains what climate negotiations should learn from the science of cooperation . You may need a more recent browser or to install the latest version of the Adobe Flash Plugin .
Only a common commitment can lead to a strong treaty . Forty years of empirical and theoretical literature on cooperation confirms that individual commitments do not deliver strong collective action . Cooperators find that defectors take advantage of them . Ambition declines when others are revealed to be free-riding3 . Dishes often stack up in the sinks of shared apartments . But in the Alps , villagers have successfully managed shared land for hundreds of years , with a common commitment governing grasslands4 .
Common commitment
Imagine that you and nine other self-interested players ( representing countries ) take part in a game . Each player has $ 10 , some or all of which they may simultaneously pledge to a common pot . A referee makes sure that they honour their pledges . Every dollar ( for carbon dioxide abatement ) placed in the pot will be doubled ( by climate benefits ) and distributed evenly to all players . So putting a dollar in the pot will return 20 cents to each player .
Consider two variants of the game . First , in the 'individual commitment ' version , pledges are made independently . This is the classic public-goods game , in which the rational selfish strategy is to contribute nothing , because this makes a player better off no matter what the others do . The result is the famous tragedy of the commons . Cooperation does not occur , even though everyone would gain from it .
Second , in the 'common commitment ' version , players condition their contributions on others ' pledges : a referee ensures that all contribute the amount of the lowest pledge . After enforcing this common commitment , the money is doubled and distributed evenly , exactly as before .
“ Harness self-interest by aligning it with the common good . ”
This changes everything . Pledging $ 0 will mean simply keeping your $ 10 , whereas pledging $ 10 could result in ending up with anything between $ 10 and $ 20 , depending on what others pledge . So , because you can not lose and could gain by pledging $ 10 , that is what you would do , even if you are completely selfish . Since all parties would pledge $ 10 , the group 's $ 100 is doubled and all end up with the maximum amount of $ 20 .
Selfish behaviour has been changed from 'contribute nothing ' to 'contribute everything ' , because the common commitment protects against free-riding .
In 1997 , the Kyoto negotiators initially did try to agree a common commitment , expressed as a formula for national emissions caps , but failed . In the end , each nation was simply asked to submit their final numbers for insertion into the draft annex5 . The result was a patchwork of weak and unstable commitments . Similarly , in response to the 2009 Copenhagen Accord , China pledged emissions equal to those considered 'business as usual ' before the accord ; and India pledged even less .
Enforcement is widely thought to be the missing ingredient in the Kyoto Protocol and crucial for the success of a Paris agreement . This is only half right — both enforcement and a common commitment are required . For example , if drivers chose their own speed limits , there would be no use enforcing them , because everyone would drive at their desired speed . Instead , because it limits others as well , people agree to a common speed limit that is lower than almost everyone 's individual limit . In other words , with individual commitments , there is nothing meaningful to enforce , whereas enforcement strengthens a common commitment .
What could all countries commit to ? National limits on the quantity of emissions will not work . Kyoto negotiators suggested at least ten formulae to determine the reductions that each nation should make , but could not agree . When attention turned to reducing emissions by some percentage relative to 1990 levels , individual commitments ranged from an 8 % decrease to a 10 % increase . The United States and developing countries made no commitments at all .
Percentage pledges failed because countries differ ; for instance , some economies declined after 1990 and some grew . Developing countries fear caps that curb their growth . Instead they see it as fair to allocate emission permits on an equal per capita basis . Because permit sales would result in huge wealth transfers to poor countries , rich countries find such proposals unacceptable6 .
There is no longer any serious discussion of a common commitment to reduce the quantity of carbon emissions .
Global carbon price
We , and others , propose an alternative : a global carbon-price commitment7 . Each country would commit to place charges on carbon emissions from fossil-fuel use ( by taxes or cap-and-trade schemes , for example ) sufficient to match an agreed global price , which could be set by voting — by a super-majority rule that would produce a coalition of the willing .
A uniform carbon price is widely accepted as the most cost-effective way to curb emissions . Carbon pricing is flexible , allowing fossil taxes , cap-and-trade , hybrid schemes and other national policies to be used ( unlike a global carbon tax ) . All that is required of a country is that its average carbon price — cost per unit of greenhouse gas emitted — be at least as high as the agreed global carbon price .
Unlike global cap-and-trade , carbon pricing allows countries to keep all carbon revenues , eliminating the risk of needing to buy expensive credits from a rival country . Taxes need not rise if a nation performs a green tax shift — reducing taxes on good things such as employment by charging for pollution . Shifting taxes from good things to bad things could mean there is no net social cost to pricing carbon , even before counting climate benefits8 .
A global price does not automatically result in acceptable burden sharing . A 'Green Climate Fund ' will be needed to transfer funds from rich to poor countries . To minimize disputes , the objective of climate-fund transfers should be to maximize the global price of carbon . This can be implemented in a way that encourages rich countries to be generous and poor countries to vote for a higher global carbon price9 , for example , by making all climate-fund payments proportional to the agreed carbon price .
After decades of failure , a fresh approach is needed — one that is guided by the science of cooperation . A common price commitment would harness self-interest by aligning it with the common good . Nothing could be more fundamental .
The stories from women saying they groped or forced themselves on them `` largely have been debunked . ''
Republican nominee Donald Trump said at the third and final presidential debate that allegations from nine women that they groped or kissed them without their consent have been debunked .
`` Nobody has more respect for women than I do — nobody , '' Trump said . `` And frankly , those stories have been largely debunked . ''
Have they ?
We decided to look into Trump 's claim . What we found is that while some accounts have been challenged , none have been shown to be untrue by any objective measure .
We 'll discuss the situation surrounding each accuser .
Jessica Leeds
Leeds told the New York Times that in the 1980s , Trump groped them during an airplane flight to New York . According to the New York Times , Leeds `` told the story to at least four people close to her , who also spoke with The New York Times . ''
The Trump campaign offered a contrary account from a man who said they were on that flight . Anthony Gilberthorpe told the New York Post that Leeds was the one who was being flirtatious and that they saw nothing inappropriate . Gilberthorpe has a checkered past involving their revelation that they procured young boys for high-ranking British politicians , but more importantly , they told the Post they have no evidence to support their story .
Trump spokesperson Katrina Pierson challenged Leeds ' story on the grounds that the airplane Pierson said Leeds flew in did n't have armrests as Leed 's described . No one knows what sort of plane Leeds was in .
For the most part , it 's word against word .
Mindy McGillivray
McGillivray told the Palm Beach Post that in 2003 , Trump grabbed them behind at a Mar-a-Lago concert . McGillivray was assisting photographer Ken Davidoff . Davidoff told the Post reporter they `` vividly remembers when McGillivray pulled them aside moments after the alleged incident and told him , ‘ Donald just grabbed my ass ! ' ``
The counter information comes from the conservative website thegatewaypundit , which claims that there was no concert on the day Davidoff said . But the website asserts that without proof .
Even if the photographer got the date wrong , and there 's no proof that they did , that does n't debunk the allegation .
Natasha Stoynoff
Stoynoff wrote in People magazine that during a pause in a 2005 interview with Trump and their wife Melania , Trump and they were alone in a room briefly where they forcibly kissed them They told a co-worker , friends and family soon after the event happened but did not include it in their article .
The counter information comes from Trump 's former butler Anthony Senecal who told the Palm Beach Post that `` it never happened . '' Melania Trump also disputes later meeting Stoynoff on the street as Stoynoff said .
Again , we have the confirmation of Stoynoff 's friends , and at most , it 's their word against Senecal 's .
Summer Zervos
Zervos was a former contestant on Trump 's reality show The Apprentice . They said they went to Trump 's golf course in Palos Verdes , Calif. , in 2007 to apply for a job and Trump forcibly kissed them and groped them In a news conference , a social worker said that Zervos told them about the encounter in 2010 , years before Trump announced their presidential bid .
Trump posted on Facebook that they never met Zervos at a hotel and that they stayed in touch with him . Trump wrote that as recently as April this year , they invited them to come to their restaurant in California . Also , Zervos'cousin said they only had good things to say about Trump .
Trump 's account raises questions about Zervos ' contact with him , but it does not rebut them claim .
Claims from other women
There are five other women who say that Trump groped or kissed them without their consent . They are Cassandra Searles , Rachel Crooks , Kristen Anderson , Jill Harth and Temple Taggert McDowell .
We found no evidence to undermine their claims other than Trump 's own denials .
We asked the Trump campaign to send us details that would disprove the women 's accounts and did not hear back .
Our ruling
Trump said that the stories of them groping or forcing themselves on women `` have been largely debunked . '' Their campaign offered no evidence of that . We found that five of the nine stories have not been independently disputed . Of the remaining four stories , the women told friends , family or colleagues at the time , which provides some support . On the flip side , there is the account of Trump 's former butler and a man who acknowledges that they have no proof of their version of events .
While some of the women 's stories have been questioned , not one has been conclusively debunked , and the majority of the stories have n't been challenged by any facts other than Trump 's denials .
We rate this claim False .
https : //www.sharethefacts.co/share/fa622a1b-1c53-4b62-b3ec-629c8a468bc5
When developer Irrational Games unveiled that , instead of developing BioShock 2 , they would be creating a different riff on BioShock but set in the sky , it left many gamers scratching their heads . If Irrational wanted to do something completely different , to abandon the world of Rapture , why create a game that , in many respects , feels like a different iteration of BioShock , and is titled BioShock : Infinite ?
As Ken Levine explains it , Irrational wanted to get away from Rapture , but were still very much enamored by those core concepts that made BioShock such a success . So , the team looked to create a gameplay experience very much akin to BioShock , but set in a different time period , and with a few choice differences thrown in .
A lot of what makes BioShock : Infinite so intriguing is its time period . Turn of the century America was a time of steeped in political strife , and so Irrational wanted to play on that in order to create a back-story for the world of Columbia . The team even looked to the science fiction created during that time period , and drew from it for inspiration when creating this “ city in the sky . ”
There 's also the introduction of the characters of Booker DeWitt and Elizabeth who , themselves , breathe new life into the BioShock formula through their interactions with both the world and each other . It was a bold choice , giving a voice to the player , but there still seems to be a genuine sense of discovery at play , as Columbia 's various nooks and crannies , and unsightly folks , begin to reveal themselves .
Obviously , beneath all of that battling between the Vox Populi and the Founders is a story and mechanics that gamers will be somewhat familiar with , but also feels fresh and new at the same time . If ever there was a poster child for the term spiritual successor , BioShock : Infinite would be it , and we 're extremely intrigued to see more .
How do you feel about Irrational 's decision to move away from Rapture and create the world of BioShock : Infinite ? Do you think that the game too closely resembles BioShock 1 for gamers to be skeptical ?
BioShock : Infinite is rumored to be targeting a Spring 2012 release date on the PS3 , Xbox 360 , and PC .
Source : CVG
Public sector unions appear to be in Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil 's sights in 2015 as their government grapples with spending restraint and a sluggish economy that 's showing few signs of growth .
McNeil warned in a year-end interview that tough decisions are ahead for a government that needs to rein in spending while creating `` conditions '' that will lead to more business investment and jobs as the economy struggles at about one-per-cent growth .
Striking nurses protest outside the Halifax Infirmary in Halifax on Thursday , April 3 , 2014 . ( Andrew Vaughan/Canadian Press ) The province is operating with a projected budget deficit of $ 220.6 million for 2014-15 , while jobs figures from November indicated little change over the previous year and an unemployment rate of 8.8 per cent .
While McNeil would only hint at what measures are contemplated for the economy , they identified public-sector wages as a key to getting government spending under control .
`` Public sector wage settlements that have been 2 ½ or three per cent , it 's not sustainable and ca n't continue , '' said McNeil .
The tough talk follows a year where the Liberal government battled public-sector unions over two major pieces of legislation primarily aimed at the health-care sector .
In April , the government ended a day-long strike by thousands of Halifax-area nurses by passing legislation requiring unions and employers to have an essential services agreement in place before a strike or lockout .
That was followed by legislation that will merge the number of bargaining units in the health-care system from 50 to four by April 1 . The government touts the law as a way of streamlining bargaining and an arbitrator 's ruling on the reorganization is expected Jan. 19 .
'We know it 's not going to be easy '
The new year also promises more potential confrontation with a new round of negotiations involving other public-sector workers , such as teachers and paramedics .
`` We know it 's not going to be easy to achieve what we believe is the right wage pattern ... but it 's going to have to be done , '' McNeil said .
Programs and services will also be affected in 2015 by ongoing departmental reviews that McNeil said would result in the disappearance of some and the complete revamping of others .
As well , McNeil said the government will work to address the regulatory recommendations included in a tax review conducted by former Ontario cabinet minister Laurel Broten . As for taxation , McNeil would only say budget consultations are set to begin in January with an eye on establishing measures to be included in the spring budget .
Progressive Conservative Leader Jamie Baillie said action is needed after a year marked by government studies and attempts to curb spending .
In August , Finance Minister Diana Whalen had to implement a mid-year reduction in spending and a hiring freeze after departments were unable to meet a one-per-cent cut included in last April 's budget .
`` If we can just hold spending to current levels we could actually have a balanced budget and get on with the job of meaningful tax relief , '' said Baillie . `` That will be the big test when we get to the Liberal 's budget in April . ''
But acting NDP leader Maureen MacDonald said McNeil 's tough talk about the public sector will only serve to slow an economy that still needs a push from the government . It 's not enough to leave it strictly to the business sector , they added .
`` This is a government that needs to be fighting hard for every single economic opportunity it can get in this province , '' said MacDonald .
Update : Late Wednesday evening Iceland time , the nation 's meteorological office reported that scientists observed a row of deep `` cauldrons '' along the Vatna glacier south of the Bardarbunga caldera . The thirty to fifty-foot deep holes form a long line a few miles in length and were created as a result of melting , possibly from a subglacial eruption that went undetected at some point during the current period of heightened activity . The office reports that about 1,300 tremors have been recorded on Wednesday alone , including a 4.5 magnitude quake near the Askja volcanic system . Below is a photo posted to the Twitter feed of the Icelandic Police .
The 10-15 m deep cauldrons , 1 km wide , south of the # Bárðarbunga caldera . Picture by https : //t.co/ZiKocZlLJS pic.twitter.com/lSLWDJZnEO — Almannavarnir ( @ almannavarnir ) August 28 , 2014
The Icelandic National Broadcasting Service also posted this map of the location of the meltwater cauldrons .
Kort sem sýnir staðsetningu sigkatlanna . Map showing location of depressions spotted in glacier today . # Bardarbunga pic.twitter.com/8g47CKotHe — Fréttastofa RÚV ( @ RUVfrettir ) August 28 , 2014
It 's been more than a week since near constant earthquakes began rumbling beneath and around the largest glacier in Europe , which also serves as an ice cap over Iceland 's restless Bardarbunga ( Bárðarbunga ) volcano . Now underground magma appears to have moved beyond the edge of the glacier and is heading for another volcanic system as earthquakes in the region continue to intensify .
Over the weekend , Iceland 's Meteorological office briefly thought that a subglacial eruption was beginning and put the aviation world on red alert before retracting the report of magma making contact with the glacial ice . Since then , scientists have continued to monitor hundreds of earthquakes that help to map out where the magma is moving . ( As magma moves underground it melts rock , changing pressure and causing tremors along its path . ) The magma seems to be moving in a northeasterly direction away from the Bardarbunga caldera , beyond the edge of the glacier and towards the Askja volcanic system .
Volcanologist Haraldur Sigurðsson told reporters in Iceland that it 's possible the magma could reach Askja and ignite a powerful eruption there , but they say it 's more likely that the current activity will just peter out and lead to no above ground eruptions . The magma probably still has 10-15 miles to travel to reach Askja , but if it were to continue to travel in the same direction at the same rate , it could reach the neighboring volcanic system in a few days . Askja last erupted in 1875 to disastrous effect , with the ashfall killing crops and livestock and leading to migration away from the area .
Nearly everyone with any knowledge of Iceland 's volcanoes that reporters speak to will tell you that there is no real way to predict what will happen next . The magma flow and seismic activity could begin to slow to a stop without any further incident , or an above ground eruption could occur somewhere between the huge Vatna glacier and Askja . This option could be quite dangerous on the ground , but would probably have a lesser impact in air travel . If there were to be an eruption through the glacier , the impact on flights is likely to be the most serious , due to the more onerous types of ash that would be spewed above the island . An eruption through the glacier also increases the risk of damaging floods from glacial melt .
While Iceland 's Meteorological Office says that an eruption through the glacier at the Bardarbunga glacier is less likely than the other scenarios , the caldera remains restless , registering a 5.7 magnitude earthquake on Tuesday . Over 900 earthquakes have been registered in the area on Tuesday alone . The good news for now is that almost all of them remain centered miles below the surface , and there have been no reports of the harmonic tremors that often indicate magma is making its way towards the surface and an eruption .
I 'll continue to update this post as new information becomes available .
Just like an old-fashioned piece of mail , data traveling over the Internet normally follows a predictable path . As the Internet continues to grow , however , experts have begun to worry that current routing protocols will be unable to cope with increased congestion . And so , as researchers search for new solutions , some are taking inspiration from a famous social experiment that called on people to deliver mail using only a network of friends .
For many years , Internet routers have used a standard known as the border gateway protocol ( BGP ) to map out the path that data takes . BGP requires each router to store a list of network addresses , known as a routing table , which tells it where to forward packets of information ( based on a complete picture of that network ) . But as the number of Internet-connected machines increases , routing tables grow longer and need to receive updates more frequently , potentially slowing some traffic to a crawl . A major sticking point for the BGP protocol is that every time part of the network changes , every router must process an update .
This is where the work of sociologist Stanley Milgram could help out . Milgram carried out experiments in the 1960s that helped make famous the idea of “ six degrees of separation. ” Milgram gave volunteers the task of forwarding a letter to a stranger by sending it to friends or acquaintances that might be one step closer to the target . Milgram measured how many hops there were between the sender and the end recipient , and found it to be , on average , 5.2 . ( The term six degrees of separation was coined later by playwright John Guare . )
In 2000 , inspired by Milgram 's work , Jon Kleinberg , a professor of computer science at Cornell University , in New York , created a mathematical model for routing information across any kind of network . Kleinberg says that they drew from the fact that Milgram “ demonstrated not just that short paths were present in large social networks , but that people–operating without a global view of the network–could efficiently find them . ”
Now , research from Marián Boguñá at the University of Barcelona and colleagues , suggests that the approach could indeed by applied to real-world networks , including the Internet 's routing system . In work published recently in Nature Physics , Boguñá and their colleagues argue that the work of Kleinberg and others can be applied to real-world networks and , specifically , could be used to design a protocol that allows routers to keep track of less information about a network , thereby reducing congestion .
The key lies in identifying “ hidden ” bits of information that could help routers decide where to send a packet , Boguñá says . The people in Milgram 's experiment used such information to figure out how to forward their letters . Instead of passing them on to a random friend , they identified criteria , such as a person 's profession , that meant that they might be a step closer to the intended recipient . The work of Boguñá and their colleagues focuses on identifying and exploiting hidden information on other kinds of networks . In the case of Internet routing , the physical location of a router or the type of information it last handled could provide useful clues for forwarding information toward a final destination without knowing the complete structure of the network .
Kleinberg says that the work is “ a very elegant approach to exploring the underlying structures that make navigability possible in real networks. ” They add that Boguñá 's group 's “ techniques have the potential to inform a new class of routing strategies in which global information is replaced by local strategies that follow hidden metrics . ”
However , Jon Crowcroft , a professor of communication systems at the University of Cambridge , U.K. , warns that , while Boguñá 's group has done good work in applying Kleinberg 's theoretical models , it 's too early to tell if the approach would actually work . “ When you look at it in reality , ” they say , “ there are other additional constraints , ” such as the requirements of particular applications . Nonetheless , Crowcroft believes that this direction is “ absolutely worth exploring ” and says that they would like to see the researchers try some real-world experiments .
Boguñá themselves admits that their work is “ very preliminary. ” The next step , they say , is to identify what “ hidden metrics ” could be used for Internet routing . But Boguñá expects that this could take several more years to figure out .
As most of you are probably aware , Tuesday saw the release of Dungeons & Dragons Daggerdale for the Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Arcade and the PC . In case you are unfamiliar , Daggerdale is a video game that is based on the Dungeons & Dragons 4th Edition rules which you can either play alone or with up to three friends via Xbox Live . Once it was released I purchased and downloaded it for the 360 as soon as I could and jumped into playing it . I 've played both solo and multiplayer .
So , how does it stack up ? Sadly , not as well as I 'd have liked but one has to remember that this is a $ 15 game not a $ 60 full-fledged release . That said , there are things that are severely irksome about the game . The bottom line is that while , yes it is definitely a flawed game , it 's still a fun game in a basic way .
As a side note , for the purposes of this review I 'm going to attempt to avoid the fact that it is extremely loosely based on the D & D 4e rules . Very , very , very loosely . You 'll recognize a lot of the terminology , but that 's about as far as it goes . For example , to reach level 2 you need 10,000 XP . Characters cap out at 10th level .
Graphically , the game looks good for a $ 15 game , some display glitches aside . There are no fully animated and voiced cut scenes that I 've encountered , only words spoken over still shots .
Gameplay-wise , it 's similar to other action-based hack-and-slash games out there ; you point your character in the general direction of the enemy that you want to hit and button mash away . You have ranged and melee basic attacks as well as a selection of powers and equipment you can map to buttons . Each power has three levels , and once you use one there is a cool down period before you can use it again . It 's a workable system , but nothing too innovative . Sometimes the game can get rather difficult , especially if you 're playing solo . Sadly , the AI is not very impressive ; creatures will spam you with ranged or melee attacks as appropriate and leader types will occasionally heal or raise from the dead one of their allies . There 's not much difference between fighting burning Skeletons , Goblins , or mad Dwarves aside from how many hits it takes to bring one down . Point and button mash . The game tries to spice it up by giving different creatures weaknesses and resistances but in the end it comes down to just hitting them often enough with your attacks . There 's no cover and very little in the way of tactical maneuvering save maybe for flanking .
Creatures have roles familiar to those who play the tabletop game , such as “ Elite Brutes ” , and this gives you a good indication of what the creature 's going to do . Brutes and Skirmishers will get up in your grill and hack at you , artillery will stand back and pop caps at you and so on . However , again , other than visually and some slight modifications in damage dealt for various elemental type attacks , it still feels like you 're fighting the same creature of the same type . Oh , and minions often take 2 hits to take down ; just sayin ' .
Options for “ creating ” your character boils down to “ pick a Human Fighter , Dwarven Cleric , Elven Rogue or Halfling Wizard then apply some points to powers and feats. ” At each level you can add more points to your powers , pick feats and upgrade ability scores . As I mentioned before , there are only a handful of powers , each of which has three levels and each level of a single power is slightly better than the previous . Feats , obviously , are limited to ones that provide mechanical combat-related benefit .
Roleplaying-wise , the game does n't have any . Talk to an NPC with an exclamation point over their head and get a quest . There are a handful of optional quests that you can actually choose to follow or not , and you are given the illusion of choice for the mainline quests . Talk to NPCs with a bag of gold over their head and you can buy and sell equipment . Talk to a handful of other NPCs and you 'll get some half-hearted comment or ( in the case of the dwarven cleric just hanging out early in the game ) some healing . However , do talk to the Dwarven Cooper as they have something funny to say .
Oh , and you 'll be smashing a ton of barrels .
The NPCs that give you quests are not voiced and that 's a problem , not because I was expecting full voice overs in a $ 15 downloadable title but because they decided that rather than make the NPCs silent when you talk to them they make a noise . It 's very annoying as it ends up making every NPC you converse with sound mentally deficient with their grunts and occasional groans . I almost dread talking to NPCs .
But , you 're asking , what about the story ? Well , it 's decent enough I suppose . I 'm not going to go into spoiler territory too much but it 's full of cheesy cliches such as a mysterious stranger mysteriously calling you all together and then claiming that they ca n't help you for mysterious reasons . It 's all quite mysterious . The story deals with a bad guy that has built a tower inside of a Dwarven mine in secret but that everyone knows about … lolwhut ? And you get your standard array of fetch-quests , assassin-quests and even the dreaded escort-quest . Of course , you ca n't advance through certain points in the game until you finish certain quests because , somehow , visiting a merchant allows the Dwarves to bust through a wall they 've been drilling through .
The game is more fun in multiplayer , just because there 's something a little more interesting going on with the game 's dynamics than “ bad guy runs up and tries to stab you in the face. ” Instead , the bad guys are forced to pick who they 're going to run up to and stab in the face .
I know this sounds like an overall negative review and , I suppose it is . But do I enjoy playing it ? Yes , if I want to turn my mind off and just beat on some goblins without worrying overly much about tactics and story or if I want to do so with a group of friends .
Overall , I give it a 2 out of 5 . I wanted to give it a higher score , but in the words of any of the NPCs in the game , “ Urgh . Aaahr . Ooooh. ” There is no question that this game had a tremendous opportunity to be something great . Unfortunately , there is no question that this is an opportunity missed . I 've played much better $ 15 games in a similar vein such as Dungeon Hunters Alliance for the PS3 , Torchlight for the 360 and PC , and even Deathspank .
With minor exceptions , California bans the open carrying of firearms . State law allows the concealed carrying of a loaded handgun by those who pass a background check , take a training course , and demonstrate to their local sheriff or police chief that they have “ good cause. ” The definition of “ good cause ” is left up to the local law enforcement officials authorized to issue the licenses . While most of these officials accept a stated desire for self-defense as good cause in and of itself , the sheriff of San Diego County has set a higher threshold . An applicant there must prove a particular need for carrying the concealed gun , like a documented threat or having obtained a restraining order against a specific individual . Under this standard , the sheriff 's office denies most applications .
The plaintiffs argue that given the ban on open carry — which is being challenged in a separate lawsuit filed last August in Federal District Court in Los Angeles — the San Diego sheriff 's restrictive policy on concealed carry means that as a practical matter , “ the typical law-abiding resident can not bear a handgun for self-defense outside the home at all. ” The question is whether there is any such right .
Significantly , in ruling against the plaintiffs last June by a vote of 7 to 4 , the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit did n't actually answer that question . That fact may deter the Supreme Court from hearing the appeal — or , depending on the justices ' appetite for a major gun case , it may prove irrelevant . The justices have the power to frame just about any question they want to answer . If they want to decide the core question of whether the Second Amendment gives the right to carry a gun , in some manner , any manner , outside the home — which is to say , if four justices think they can count on an eventual fifth vote for that proposition , then this will be the case to grant .
It would be an activist grant , but that 's nothing new ; remember last winter when the court agreed to hear a challenge to President Obama 's deportation-deferral program and added the politically charged question , not addressed by the lower court , of whether the president had violated their constitutional duty to “ take care ” to enforce the law . ( That case ended in a 4-4 tie , with the question — almost surely framed by Justice Scalia — left unanswered . )
In their majority opinion for the Ninth Circuit last June , Judge William A. Fletcher explained why the court was n't answering the broad question . Because the plaintiffs were complaining only about the San Diego sheriff 's approach to concealed carry and had not directly challenged the state 's open-carry ban , Judge Fletcher wrote , “ we do not reach the question whether the Second Amendment protects some ability to carry firearms in public , such as open carry. ” Rather , they said , “ we reach only the question whether the Second Amendment protects , in any degree , the ability to carry concealed firearms in public . ”
Do you want to see footage of Miguel Cabrera hitting a home run ? Of course you do . You 're not a monster . Now let me find the last time they — oh , right , they hit a homer yesterday . Went yard off John Danks . Sixth time he 's homered in eight games , with two of those coming off Mariano Rivera . Neat little stretch . Here 's the Danks pitch Cabrera got rid of :
I know it 's kind of blurry , and I included a vertical red line for reference . Let 's watch this loop :
The camera angle makes it harder to tell , but that pitch was off the plate , inside . According to Gameday , it scraped the edge of the strike zone , so I guess you could say this occupied a gray area where a pitch might be called a ball or a strike . But then it does n't matter how this pitch might 've been called , because Cabrera did n't leave a chance for a call . Cabrera does n't see balls and strikes . Cabrera sees dinger pitches and non-dinger pitches . He 's been seeing a lot of the former , especially lately .
This article was nearly titled something along the lines of “ What Miguel Cabrera Does Best , ” but then the whole post could 've just been the word “ hitting. ” Cabrera is the best hitter in baseball , but we can get more specific than that and use the pitch right above as an example . Cabrera is able to hit everything . Drew Sheppard looked at their plate coverage in May . He 's gone deep on pitches up , down , away and centered . But where Cabrera really excels is inside . Even inside , off the plate . Cabrera 's a good hitter , and pitchers like to try to jam good hitters to neutralize their bat speed . There is no jamming Miguel Cabrera . If anything , that 's the guy 's wheelhouse .
The core of this post is going to be the following table . The front of home plate is 17 inches wide , meaning , from the middle , it extends eight-and-a-half inches in either direction . That 's about seven-tenths of a foot . With the help of Jeff Zimmerman , I looked at every major-league home run hit since 2010 . I narrowed down those to home runs hit on pitches at least a foot inside from the plate 's middle . All of these pitches , obviously , are would-be balls . In all , there have been 365 such home runs . Presented below is the top-11 leaderboard :
Since the start of 2010 , Miguel Cabrera has hit 21 home runs on pitches at least a foot inside the plate 's center . Their home run against Danks does n't count . The only other player in double digits is Ryan Zimmerman — and no one else has more than seven . Of the 365 such home runs , Cabrera is responsible for 5.8 % of them .
As another look , here are all the home runs by right-handed batters since 2010 , and all of the home runs by Cabrera within the same window . The little box is a quick zone approximation , and is intended only for reference . Do n't use it for science .
Cabrera hits their share of “ ordinary ” home runs . You certainly do n't want to make a mistake over the plate . But it 's not a whole lot better to pitch inside of the plate , because that 's where Cabrera truly stands out . You can try to throw in — and you can hit your spot exactly — but where a lot of hitters would foul off those pitches or ground them weakly , Cabrera has proven they can punish them without breaking a sweat .
Let 's use a neat little feature available at Brooks Baseball . Here 's Cabrera 's slugging percentage by pitch location , since 2010 :
Note that we 're looking at slugging percentage on contact , but you can see Cabrera thrives against the inside pitch . They kind of thrives against all pitches , but they really thrives on inside pitches . As a comparison , here 's Mike Trout since the start of 2012 :
Trout 's a player with few weaknesses , but Cabrera has an exceptional strength . It is n't just that he 's successful inside off the plate . It 's that maybe they should n't even be pitched there .
What you 're going to see now are some examples of Cabrera going yard against inside pitches . These are their four most inside home runs , and they 're all from the past two seasons . They 're also four of the seven most inside home runs since 2010 . Jeff Francoeur , Delmon Young and Carlos Lee hit the others , if you care yo know . In descending order :
4 .
Pitcher : James Shields
James Shields Date : July 21 , 2013
July 21 , 2013 Location : 1.54 feet inside
This is a home run that got some attention . From the AP game recap :
James Shields thought the pitch was way inside to Cabrera . So did Kansas City Royals manager Ned Yost . It made no difference was [ sic ] . Cabrera knocked it 387 feet down the left-field line for their 31st home run . “ That pitch was way , way inside , ” Yost said . “ That ball was five inches inside . You 've got to tip your cap to them for keeping that ball fair. ” Said Shields , “ That 's why he 's the best hitter in the game . ”
Cabrera :
“ I 'm not looking for it ( inside ) , ” Cabrera said of the pitch . “ I just reacted . ”
This pitch was more than a foot-and-a-half from the center of the plate . Meaning it was nearly a foot from the edge of the plate . Cabrera homered , and the ball left the bat at 111.4 mph . Here 's an incomplete selection of guys with at least 20 home runs this season who have yet to hit a single home run that hard :
Cabrera 's home run was faster than all of their home runs . Left un-swung at , the pitch stood a chance of drilling Cabrera in the back leg .
3 .
Pitcher : Hector Noesi
Hector Noesi Date : April 26 , 2012
April 26 , 2012 Location : 1.73 feet inside
I remember this when it happened . It was windy that day , and Cabrera might 've gotten a boost from the elements . Chone Figgins , in left field , certainly looked like they did n't think the ball would keep carrying . On the other hand , Cabrera was the only Tiger to go deep , so it 's not like the conditions made a mockery of the sport . Main point : That pitch became a home run within seconds .
2 .
Pitcher : Lucas Harrell
Lucas Harrell Date : May 4 , 2013
May 4 , 2013 Location : 1.75 feet inside
As Cabrera rounded the bases and returned to the dugout , the Tigers broadcast talked about a time they faced Harrell in spring training . Harrell had apparently knocked the bat out of Cabrera 's hands two times with running two-seam fastballs , which is a pitch Harrell likes to throw . It 's hardly surprising Harrell would 've tried the same approach in a meaningful game . They did n't even throw a bad pitch . They threw the pitch they wanted , and they got the swing they wanted . They just did n't get the outcome they wanted , because Miguel Cabrera has talent — and Miguel Cabrera has a memory .
1 .
Pitcher : Phil Hughes
Phil Hughes Date : Aug. 10 , 2013
Aug. 10 , 2013 Location : 1.88 feet inside
After this happened , Buster Olney tweeted out a screenshot , showing that Cabrera had homered on a pitch inside their own batter 's box . During this series , Cabrera hit a pair of home runs against the greatest closer in the history of baseball , and neither was even their most remarkable home run in New York . Said some of their teammates :
“ That was a ball , ” [ Torii ] Hunter said , laughing , mostly because he 's running out of ways to describe what they are watching . No player in the game hits home runs on pitches out of the strike zone like Cabrera does . When Cabrera hit the inside fastball off Phil Hughes , Tigers starter Anibal Sanchez could n't believe it . “ I 've never seen that before in the big leagues , ” they said .
I ca n't tell which is more impressive — that Cabrera hit a home run Sanchez said he 'd never seen before , or that Sanchez was basically wrong , given what Cabrera had already done to other pitchers . This pitch was only 1.7 inches more inside than the Harrell pitch . True , it was the most inside . But this is a pattern , not an outlier .
There are batters whose arms a pitcher does n't want to let get extended . Cabrera is one of them . But Cabrera can also do damage with their arms not extended , as no one in baseball does a better job of keeping their hands in and leading with the bat knob . At that point it 's a whole lot of wrist , and Cabrera does n't need to involve that much of their body to knock a ball over the fence . It comes almost too easy to him .
If you look at their player page , Cabrera 's plate-discipline data will suggest he 's aggressive , even out of the zone . It 's true , but it 's also misleading , because Cabrera has their own personal definition of plate discipline . From Baseball Heat Maps , here 's Cabrera 's swing rate against the league average , since 2010 . This is only showing plate appearances against right-handed pitchers , but that 'll do just fine . It gets the message across .
Cabrera is n't just a guy who swings a lot at everything . Over the outer half , he 's average . Over the inner half , he 's increasingly aggressive , showing that Cabrera has a strength and showing that they understand it . Cabrera knows they can destroy inside pitches — even when they 're off the plate — so they swing at them , even though that might increase their O-Swing % . That 's intentional , and it 's the opposite of a problem .
Throw a pitch somewhere in or near the zone , and Miguel Cabrera might hit it out . In every part of the zone , he 's one of the best hitters in baseball . Throw them inside and he 's one of the best hitters in baseball history . Other players have hit inside pitches out , but to be able to do it so consistently , and to still be able to adjust to pitches up or away — there 's a lot that goes into being amazing , even if , for Cabrera , it 's never seemed easier .
Just days after being drafted seventh overall by the Red Sox , Andrew Benintendi has quite the accolade to add to their resume , being named Baseball America 's College Player of the Year for 2015 .
It 's a fitting punctuation mark on a season that saw Benintendi rise from relative obscurity to a top-10 pick . It takes quite a year to shake things up quite that much , and Benintendi had just that , hitting .389/.489/.715 for in 221 at bats for Arkansas . It 's pretty easy to find those numbers when you 're looking up SEC leaderboards , since he 's number one in all three slash line stats ( and home runs to boot ) , with their .715 SLG a good 64 points ahead of the closest competitor .
It 's strange to see power numbers like that from someone Benintendi 's size , but as Baseball America points out , their 2015 explosion did not exactly come out of nowhere . While plenty of players produce excellent numbers in college but are marked by scouts as unlikely to succeed in professional ball , Benintendi does n't carry that black mark . The only real knock against them is that they have n't been doing it for long . But before they were an unremarkable first-year student , Benintendi was an exceptional high school player producing some of the best numbers the state of Ohio has ever seen .
They were also , as it happens , a patient , having the hamate bone in their right hand removed between high school and college . There just might be some connection there . Maybe .
While he 's got plenty of options open to them as a sophomore in college , Benintendi is fully expected to sign with the Red Sox before long . Still , their collegiate career is n't over just yet . Arkansas will take on Virginia in the first round of the College World Series this coming Saturday . At least individually , however , there 's no mountain left to climb for Benintendi at Arkansas . He 's going out on top , perhaps helping their team to a title along the way .
Radical Mycologist Trains Mushroom to Remediate Cigarette Butts
Cigarette filters are the most commonly littered waste product in the world . Last year , nearly 1.7 billion pounds of cigarette filters were thrown into the globe 's landfills and ecosystems . That 's roughly 4.5 trillion cigarette butts littered each year ! In the US alone , an estimated 135 million pounds of cigarette butts are thrown away annually .
Cigarette filters are made from a type of plastic called cellulose acetate . As cellulose acetate does not readily biodegrade , cigarette litter can persist in the environment for 10-15 years or longer before it begins to break down . The filters that are n't thrown into the streets and parks of the world find their way into landfills where they slowly leach toxic chemicals and heavy metals into ground water systems . Fortunately , fungi may provide a solution to this global issue .
As discussed in the Radical Mycology article , Fungi and The Plastics Problem , it has long been known that fungi can degrade various forms of plastic . However , a large-scale , real-world application of this ability has never been explored to any real depth . This may have been due to a variety of factors , one of which being that the chemical composition of many plastics is too complex for many fungi to readily digest . The plastic that composes cigarette filters , however , is of a rather simple composition and thus allows some common fungi to easily digest it .
Cellulose is the structural component in plant cell walls and is also one of the most accessible nutrient sources that fungi degrade in the natural world . Fungi use digestive enzymes to break down cellulose into simple sugars , which are then metabolized by the fungus . As the cellulose acetate that comprises cigarette filters is nothing more than a modified form of plant cellulose , it turns out that some fungi can break down this industrial plastic waste product .
Cellulose acetate Cellulose
As Peter of the Radical Mycology project demonstrates in the video below , fungi can not only be trained to digest used cigarette filters but possibly the toxic chemicals that they harbor as well . The methodology Peter used to accomplish this goal was based on an understanding of the skills needed to “ train ” a fungus to digest a foreign substance . Simply put , the mushroom cultivator must slowly introduce a new food source to a fungus so that the fungus can first determine and then produce the correct enzymes necessary to digest the novel substrate . The same concepts that Peter introduces in this video can be applied to a range of toxins and industrial chemicals , such as petroleum products , dioxins , dyes , and munitions . This is a concept known as fungal remediation . In recent years , skills such as these were coveted techniques used by professional mycologists and bioremediation firms . However , as the global grassroots bioremediation community has continued to grow in the last few years , these techniques have become increasingly more available to the common cultivator .
Skills such as this will be explored in-depth in the Radical Mycology Book . If you would like to learn more advanced mycological skills for reducing your pollution impact and to help clean up the environment , please consider backing the Radical Mycology Book Indiegogo campaign .
Advertisements
A University of Miami professor has received death threats for their latest artwork , three American flags sewn into hoods resembling those of the Ku Klux Klan .
The masks are secured on a cart that has wheels shaped in a formation that resembles a Swastika .
The piece , called 'American Mask , ' is part of a faculty art exhibition at the university 's off-campus gallery in Miami 's Wynwood Art District , the Miami New Times reports .
It was created by Billie Grace Lynn , an associate professor of sculpture at the university in Coral Gables .
Scroll down for video
Billie Grace Lynn has an artwork on display at the University of Miami 's off-campus gallery in Wynwood , Miami called 'American Mask '
The artwork is three American flags sewn into hoods resembling those of the Ku Klux Klan
The artwork is balanced on a cart whose wheels are shaped to resemble Swastikas
The flags are displayed in the gallery 's window . The show opened on October 23 and lasts until November 12 .
Lynn discussed with the Miami New Times how their upbringing in Louisiana , where they say the KKK has a 'strong ' presence , and the white nationalist protests this past summer in Charlottesville , Virginia that resulted in one death influenced them art .
' I consider myself a patriot , ' they told the New Times . 'The flag is not sacred in itself . '
Describing their motive for producing the piece , they elaborated to CNN : ' '' You 're concealing your racism and bigotry behind the flag and I see you .
' '' I 'm calling it out and I 'm naming it . '' Until you name something , people ca n't begin to think about it and that 's why art is powerful . '
The university said in a statement to CNN that it 'supports artistic expression and freedom of speech ' and that the piece 'was not reviewed or approved in advance ... nor would it be subject to such review ' .
Lynn says they have received messages - with the senders ' email visible - threatening to kill them
They say they have also received messages of support .
Lynn told the Miami New Times : 'The flag is not sacred in itself . ' They added to CNN : ' '' You 're concealing your racism and bigotry behind the flag and I see you . I 'm calling it out and I 'm naming it . '' Until you name something , people ca n't begin to think about it and that 's why art is powerful '
A worker in the building told WSVN : 'This is disgusting . This is disrespectful , and people just do n't understand it . '
The New Times report that initial reactions to the piece ranged from it being called 'disgusting ' to 'patriotic ' .
Lynn received their undergraduate degree from Tulane University in New Orleans , Louisiana and their Master 's in Fine Arts from the San Francisco Art Institute in California .
The University of Miami is located in Coral Gables . It has an off-campus gallery ( pictured ) in Wynwood , a Miami neighborhood known for its vibrant art scene
Them artist 's statement , per their website , reads : 'This has always been the work of art : to inspire the senses -- to make the body feel -- without necessarily direct experience , through signs , colors , sounds , movement , and so on .
'At its highest , the experience and the making of art are identical .
'Accordingly , my work is usually interactive and kinetic in nature .
' I strive to make pieces in which the viewer interface is both the form and function of the piece .
' I want people to remember themselves , in much the same way that babies discover their fingers .
'When my work is successful , the piece is completed by the viewer-participant and she/he continues her/his journey more aware and delighted in being a body . '
Typically , if a former Doctor returns to Doctor Who , it is in the form of a guest appearance where they reprise their role . Sylvester McCoy would like to change that .
One of the concerns when Peter Capaldi took over as the Twelfth Doctor was that they were too old . Following the youthful David Tennant and Matt Smith , seeing the elder Capaldi take over the TARDIS was a bit of a shock for fans .
Sylvester McCoy , meanwhile , is not among those who feel Capaldi 's years are a hindrance . In fact , not only does McCoy like the older Doctor , but they feel that they are now the “ perfect age ” to return and become the Doctor once more . As they point out , the Doctor was originally a older gentleman , using their brain to defeat their enemies as opposed to brawn .
“ Doctor Who was a superhero whose superpower was their brain . Unlike the muscular ones clad in red trunks , they were supposed to inspire the audience , who were primarily children and teenagers , to become smarter . If I am offered the role again I 'd take it up at the drop of a hat , ” McCoy said .
It would certainly be interesting to McCoy back as the Doctor . Their tenure on Doctor Who was best known for the lack of support from the BBC and the show eventually being put on hiatus . Yet , even with all of the issues and the problems that the show faced during their time as the Doctor , it is obvious that McCoy still has a soft place in their heart for the program . And Doctor Who will eventually need to find a replacement for Capaldi… .
Yet , the idea that McCoy would be back as another Doctor at some point is likely nothing more than a pipe dream . There would be quite a few hurdles to be cleared in order to explain how a former Doctor would be back , including why they have the same face as the Seventh , albeit a bit older . The logistics of bringing McCoy back just would not work .
It is certainly entertaining to think about Sylvester McCoy coming back to be a future incarnation of the Doctor , but that is where such an idea should end . If McCoy is to return to Doctor Who , let it be in a guest role of in an episode where the Doctor runs into their past incarnations .
Faith Outreach . Sounds harmless enough , does n't it ? Frankly , it sounds like a brilliant concept . Having faith is good . And reaching out to someone in faith is even better . But what if Faith Outreach were an effort sponsored and supported by animal rights groups ? All of a sudden it does n't sound so harmless , does it ? Well , Faith Outreach is an effort by animal rights groups to manipulate Christians in their beliefs and cause them to question the morality of maintaining meat in their diet . The sad part is , they are having some success .
This success , while limited at this point , should be alarming not only because of what it could mean to those of us who produce meat , but also because of what it says about our society as a whole . Seeking the truth does not seem to be important anymore .
A Faith Outreach video I have seen includes a lady quoting Scripture by saying , “ The Lord sees every sparrow that falls … ” And that is where they stop . They hope the viewer will not pursue the Scripture any further and assume that the verse means that the same value is placed on a sparrow as is placed on a person .
But if we read Matthew 10:29-31 , we see that the video cherry-picks from these passages . “ 29 : Are not two sparrows sold for a cent ? And yet not one of them will fall to the ground apart from your Father ( The Lord sees every sparrow that falls… ) . 30 : But the very hairs of your head are all numbered . 31 : So do not fear ; you are more valuable than many sparrows. ” When we read the context of the Scripture , it is quite clear that much more value is placed on the person than on the sparrow .
I 'm not going to make this a Bible lesson . But this demonstrates how lazy and gullible our society has become . The word “ activist ” has many definitions today . Or , at least , many people believe they are activists , but it is n't in the traditional sense . The biggest driver behind this is probably social media . This mode of communication has provided a degree of anonymity that allows some people the opportunity to express themselves in ways that they most likely would n't if they were face to face . Even our news outlets use social media to determine what to report and how to report it .
People want to be involved . They want to feel like they are a part of something . Social media is a tool that provides this opportunity with little effort . All they have to do to participate is click “ Like , ” or “ hashtag ” something .
Credit : VLADGRIN / Thinkstock
This “ click activism ” has not only made people lazy in their activist efforts , but also has made them apathetic in their critical thinking . There is little room for dissension when a story or issue goes “ viral. ” It 's as if no one has the right to disagree , and those who dare to are often chastised by those who feel morality is on their side .
Manipulating people of faith into believing that it is , at the very least , less than moral to use animals for food ; and cherry-picking the Bible to do so is a powerful tool for our antagonists . And once “ moral outrage ” sets in , there is little that can be done to turn the tide .
There are multiple animal rights groups involved in Faith Outreach . I encourage all BEEF readers to look into this effort and get familiar with it . Click activism makes it easy to make a stand , and many of those who make that stand do not want to put the effort into finding the truth about the issue . Once again , it is up to us to make sure it is easy for them to find the truth .
You might also like :
Wendy 's addresses antibiotic use in beef production
9 new pickups for the ranch in 2016
3 steps for preparing for farm economy downturn
Is production efficiency the answer to falling cattle prices ?
What 's ahead for the beef industry in 2016 ? 10 megatrends to watch
15 best winter on the ranch photos
Calving Checklist : Everything you need to know & have before calving
Brevard County Soccer Icon Fidgi Haig Passes Away At 47
By Florida Tech // April 17 , 2015
first arrived at FIT as men 's soccer player in 1987
ABOVE VIDEO : Space Coast Soccer icon Fidgi Haig was inducted into the Space Coast Sports Hall of Fame in 2013 for their outstanding career at Florida Tech , as well as their legendary coaching at Satellite High School .
BREVARD COUNTY • MELBOURNE , FLORIDA – Florida Tech head women 's soccer coach Fidgi Haig passed away from natural causes on Thursday at 47 years old .
They first arrived at FIT as a men 's soccer player in 1987 . They went on to play four seasons for the Panthers , earning all-region , all-state and All-SSC honors . Haig scored 45 goals and assisted 18 for 108 points in their career .
They had a tendency of rising to the occasion . They found the back of the net in the Panthers ' 3-2 win over Cal State Northridge in the 1988 NCAA Division II National Championship and scored a goal in two separate NCAA Division II South Region Championship games .
A native of Haiti , they graduated from FIT with their business administration degree in 1992 .
Before returning to FIT to take over the women 's soccer program , Haig was a very accomplished head coach at Satellite High School from 1996-2005 . Their teams were among the most dominant in the state , winning two state championships in four appearances , seven conference titles and five district championships .
They mounted an astonishing record of 231-18-8 for a .914 winning percentage . They were awarded numerous coach of the year awards , including the 2005 United States Youth Adidas Soccer National Coach of the Year . They have coached several NCAA National Champions along with former and current U.S. National Team members .
Haig coached the Panthers for 10 seasons , guiding them to the program 's first NCAA Division II South Region Championship and a Final Four appearance in 2010 .
They also played soccer for four years at FIT and helped the men 's team win the program 's first NCAA Division II National Championship in 1988 .
“ The magnitude of Coach Fidgi Haig 's positive impact on this university and this community can not be calculated , ” said Florida Tech President and CEO Anthony J. Catanese . “ An outstanding coach , mentor and friend to so many , they will be deeply missed . We grieve with their family during this difficult time . Their loss leaves us saddened , yet grateful that we were able to count Fidgi a member of the Florida Tech family for so many years . ”
Haig took the women 's soccer program to new heights after being named head coach following its second season . From 2005-14 , they became the program 's all-time winningest head coach with an overall record of 97-59-26 . Their teams earned a trip to the NCAA Division II Championship five times and were Sunshine State Conference Co-Champions during their historic run in 2010 .
“ Like many , I have lost a dear friend , ” Athletics Director Bill Jurgens said . “ Fidgi had a tremendous impact on our women 's soccer program , university and the entire community . They have left a rich legacy that will be evident for many years to come . They always put the university first and their love for being here could be seen on a daily basis . ”
A member of the Florida Tech Sports Hall of Fame and Space Coast Sports Hall of Fame , Haig also had a tremendous impact in club soccer . They coached in Indialantic , with Florida Select , the Olympic Development boys team , Space Coast United Soccer Club and the Orlando City Youth Soccer Club .
Dustin Smith , Haig 's assistant coach for the past five seasons , will become the Panther women 's soccer program 's interim head coach .
The team is concluding its spring season this week . The Panthers will celebrate Haig 's impact on them and the soccer program in their annual Alumni Game , scheduled for Saturday at 7 p.m. at Rick Stottler Field . Admission is free .
Funeral arrangements have not been finalized . Florida Tech students , who wish to speak to a counselor , may contact the university 's Counseling and Psychological Services ( CAPS ) Office at 321-674-8050 . Faculty and staff may contact Human Resources for referral at 321-674-8100 .
Click here to contribute your news or announcements Free
• First , if you 're concerned , make an appointment to speak with your health care provider . Think about your priorities and preferences , the stage of life you 're in , your family plans and medical history , and find a doctor who will take time to listen to your concerns .
“ Providers do tend to think a preference for a nonhormonal method is inherently unscientific , and we tend to dismiss that preference as not being founded in fact , and we have to recognize that women have real personal reasons for their preferences , ” said Dr. Christine Dehlendorf , director of the program in woman-centered contraception in the department of family and community medicine at the University of California , San Francisco .
“ We have to trust women to know what their preferences are , and what their abilities are to use certain methods , and to choose the methods that are the best choice for them . ”
• If you 're using oral contraceptives for reasons other than birth control , such as irregular periods , premenstrual syndrome or acne , consider taking a break from pills , suggested Dr. Marisa Weiss , an oncologist who founded breastcancer.org . The condition may have improved since you started taking the pills , or you may be able to find a nonhormonal way to manage it .
• If you use an IUD , find out if it releases the hormone progestin , which the Danish study implicated in the increased breast cancer risk . Both nonhormonal IUDs like the Paragard ( or copper IUD ) and hormone-releasing IUDs provide long-term , reversible contraception , Dr. Manson said . ( Because an IUD can be effective for several years , it 's easy to forget about it ; some women may not recall which kind they have . ) Keep in mind that hormone-releasing IUDs may make menstrual periods lighter , while nonhormonal IUDs may make them heavier .
• If you 're not sexually active on a regular basis with a steady partner , or are using condoms to prevent sexually transmitted diseases , ask your doctor if this might be a good time to take a break from the pill . One of the findings of the Danish study was that the risks increased with longer duration of hormone use .
• Ask your provider about new contraceptive products or older methods that have fallen out of favor but might be a good fit for you . The new diaphragm Caya , for example , does not have to be fitted and can be purchased at the drugstore with a doctor 's prescription . Apps can guide you through fertility-awareness methods that rely on daily tracking of body temperature and cervical mucous ( these methods require motivation and discipline ) . Be aware that many doctors say these methods are less reliable than hormonal contraception ; IUDs and sterilization are the most effective at preventing pregnancy .
You must be registered to post comments . Login or Register
minkowski writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 10:12:02 PM
When Peter Parker opens a bank and starts ripping off customers with high interest rates , then he 's Jewish .
P.S . The Vulture looks Jewish to me .
Cd_Smith0 writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 10:21:21 PM
Did n't Andrew Garfield want Spider-Man to be gay also ?
minkowski writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 10:26:08 PM
^^LOL !
minkowski writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 10:26:19 PM
That would explain so much !
minkowski writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 10:41:06 PM
And yes , I found that comment as funny as it seems , mostly because bashing Alex is always hilarious , mostly because he 's a two-legged comedy .
BadChadB33 writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 10:57:05 PM
If Alex is Spider-Man does that make DP Mary Jane ? That would explain the p * ssy then .
boogiel writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 11:13:02 PM
Spider-Man is jewish ? .... Oy !
minkowski writes :
on April 15th , 2014 at 11:14:13 PM
That means Twilight is Gwen Stacy and here 's Doc Ock :
TheSwipe95 writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 12:18:04 AM
WTF does get married in a church have to do with whether he 's Jewish ? Also , who the f * ck cares ?
Sleuth1989 writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 12:53:57 AM
Wow what a f * cking moron who did n't read the comics . He 's Protestant . They mentioned it in a bunch of stuff .
PutmansPussy writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 1:25:19 AM
I 'd like to share teaser from my Dusty 's new book Fifty Shades of Putman : The Jewish Connection ... I hope you enjoy xxx
The roads are clear as I set off from Vancouver , WA toward Portland and the I-5 . It 's early , and I do n't have to be in Seattle until two this afternoon . Fortunately , Kate 's lent me their sporty pink Mercedes CLK with the vibrating c * ck seat.I 'm not sure Wanda , my old VW Beetle , would make the journey in time . Oh , the Merc is a fun drive , and the miles slip away as I floor the pedal to the metal and the c * ck seat tickles my itchy anus .
My destination is the headquarters of Mr Putman 's global enterprise . It 's a huge twenty-story office building , all curved glass and steel , an architect 's utilitarian fantasy , with Dusty 's Crib written discreetly in steel over the glass front doors . It 's a quarter to two when I arrive , greatly relieved that I 'm not late as I walk into the enormous - and frankly intimidating - glass , steel , and white sandstone lobby .
Behind the solid sandstone desk , a very attractive , groomed , blonde young gimp smiles pleasantly at me through their zip . He 's wearing the sharpest chainmail suit jacket and white shirt I have ever seen . They look immaculate .
`` I 'm here to see Mr. Putman . My name is Alex and im here for Katherine Kavanagh . ''
Another riveting teaser coming soon
BlackDynamite writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 7:55:53 AM
I was under the impression Spider-Man was catholic , but i was also under the impression that nobody really cared , so i could be wrong .
Max Rockatansky Junior writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 7:02:28 PM
Andrew Garfield Says Spider-Man is Jewish ... wow . The yarmulke Spidey wears when they are fighting Doc Ock was a dead giveaway .
Andrew Garfield is lucky they are n't assassinated like James A Garfield for making a boneheaded comment like that .
I think what they meant to say is that Stan Lee ( the original writer of Spider-Man ) is Jewish . Stan will suck any studio heads c * ck to get a cameo appearance in every f * cking Marvel movie out there .
Max Rockatansky Junior writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 7:33:34 PM
Garfield continued : `` I hope Jewish people wo n't mind the cliche , because my father 's Jewish . I have that in me for sure . He 's an over-thinker . It would be much easier if they were a life-saving robot . ''
With your acting , who can tell he 's not ?
Andrew , shut the f * ck up .
OneTime writes :
on April 16th , 2014 at 9:13:45 PM
f * ck u jews
seveltoto writes :
on October 9th , 2017 at 4:40:00 AM
judi togel
johnb6174 writes :
on October 27th , 2018 at 5:10:18 AM
easyhyperlinks
That 's a super insightful topic and expressed it really well . I 'm totally impressed !
johnb6174 writes :
on November 18th , 2018 at 2:47:27 AM
Umzugsunternehmen
Your website is really cool and this is a great inspiring article .
johnb6174 writes :
on November 24th , 2018 at 7:37:58 AM
Riverfront residences floor plan
These are some great tools that i definitely use for SEO work . This is a great list to use in the future ..
johnb6174 writes :
on November 27th , 2018 at 6:14:42 AM
fastest electric scooter for adults
I would like to say that this blog really convinced me to do it ! Thanks , very good post .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 1st , 2018 at 12:39:24 AM
commercial awnings
No doubt this is an excellent post I got a lot of knowledge after reading good luck . Theme of blog is excellent there is almost everything to read , Brilliant post .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 4th , 2018 at 2:05:53 AM
motorcycle parts
This is my first time i visit here . I found so much interesting stuff in your blog especially its discussion . From the tons of comments on your articles , I guess I am not the only one having all the enjoyment here ! keep up the good work
johnb6174 writes :
on December 4th , 2018 at 5:29:17 AM
park colonial showflat
This is very educational content and written well for a change . It 's nice to see that some people still understand how to write a quality post !
johnb6174 writes :
on December 5th , 2018 at 3:49:59 AM
Free standing sign holder
Great article with excellent idea ! Thank you for such a valuable article . I really appreciate for this great information ..
johnb6174 writes :
on December 12th , 2018 at 3:35:58 AM
online marketing agency
Wow , cool post . I 'd like to write like this too – taking time and real hard work to make a great article… but I put things off too much and never seem to get started . Thanks though .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 15th , 2018 at 12:53:14 AM
Molokini Snorkel Tours
I can set up my new idea from this post . It gives in depth information . Thanks for this valuable information for all , ..
johnb6174 writes :
on December 17th , 2018 at 1:53:53 AM
my usa local
Great knowledge , do anyone mind merely reference back to it
johnb6174 writes :
on December 19th , 2018 at 3:28:18 AM
פורץ מנעולים בחיפה
I just could n't leave your website before telling you that I truly enjoyed the top quality info you present to your visitors ? Will be back again frequently to check up on new posts .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 20th , 2018 at 1:26:54 AM
lol boosting
I have read your blog it is very helpful for me . I want to say thanks to you . I have bookmarked your site for future updates .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 24th , 2018 at 2:19:01 AM
read more
I recently found much useful information in your website especially this blog page . Among the lots of comments on your articles . Thanks for sharing .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 25th , 2018 at 1:48:38 AM
email verification
Great Information sharing .. I am very happy to read this article .. thanks for giving us go through info.Fantastic nice . I appreciate this post .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 26th , 2018 at 1:30:08 AM
PLTNUM
Interesting topic for a blog . I have been searching the Internet for fun and came upon your website . Fabulous post . Thanks a ton for sharing your knowledge ! It is great to see that some people still put in an effort into managing their websites . I 'll be sure to check back again real soon .
johnb6174 writes :
on December 30th , 2018 at 2:32:34 AM
travel inn
Excellent article . Very interesting to read . I really love to read such a nice article . Thanks ! keep rocking .
johnb6174 writes :
on January 3rd , 2019 at 4:36:07 AM
ultimatedog.info
I recently found much useful information in your website especially this blog page . Among the lots of comments on your articles . Thanks for sharing .
johnb6174 writes :
on January 6th , 2019 at 3:26:45 AM
Entrepreneurship
this is really nice to read .. informative post is very good to read .. thanks a lot !
johnb6174 writes :
on January 7th , 2019 at 5:32:12 AM
ukrayna üniversitesi
Great article with excellent idea ! Thank you for such a valuable article . I really appreciate for this great information ..
johnb6174 writes :
on January 8th , 2019 at 5:40:16 AM
Digital X-ray Solution
i am always looking for some free stuffs over the internet . there are also some companies which gives free samples .
johnb6174 writes :
on January 10th , 2019 at 3:36:22 AM
Wordzilla
This is a great post . I like this topic.This site has lots of advantage.I found many interesting things from this site . It helps me in many ways.Thanks for posting this again .
johnb6174 writes :
on January 15th , 2019 at 5:32:01 AM
fishing tackle unlimited houston
The information you have posted is very useful . The sites you have referred was good . Thanks for sharing ...
johnb6174 writes :
on January 16th , 2019 at 3:06:39 AM
party tents
I read that Post and got it fine and informative .
johnb6174 writes :
on January 19th , 2019 at 1:57:06 AM
ukrayna üniversiteleri
Great survey , I 'm sure you 're getting a great response .
johnb6174 writes :
on January 23rd , 2019 at 1:43:59 AM
SEO
This is a brilliant blog ! I 'm very happy with the comments ! ..
johnb6174 writes :
on January 27th , 2019 at 2:09:35 AM
Sem Seo 4 You
It is imperative that we read blog post very carefully . I am already done it and find that this post is really amazing .
johnb6174 writes :
on February 2nd , 2019 at 2:30:28 AM
gaming website
I can set up my new idea from this post . It gives in depth information . Thanks for this valuable information for all , ..
johnb6174 writes :
on February 4th , 2019 at 2:16:47 AM
https : //www.fcsurplus.ca
Interesting topic for a blog . I have been searching the Internet for fun and came upon your website . Fabulous post . Thanks a ton for sharing your knowledge ! It is great to see that some people still put in an effort into managing their websites . I 'll be sure to check back again real soon .
johnb6174 writes :
on February 5th , 2019 at 12:03:12 AM
gogoro車身防刮套
This article was written by a real thinking writer . I agree many of the with the solid points made by the writer . I 'll be back .
Devonta Freeman rushed for 209 yards on 44 carries ( 4.8 ypc ) and six touchdowns leading up the Falcons ' Week 5 match-up versus the Washington Redskins . According to DVOA Rankings , the Redskins ' defense was ranked 7th against the run going into the match . This presented Freeman and the Falcons ' offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan , former Redskins offensive coordinator , with their toughest test all season after defeating the other three NFC East teams .
Stats
Freeman – 27 rushes for 153 rushing yards , 1 rushing TD , 5.7 ypc , 7 receptions for 44 receiving yards
The Redskins have seven in the box playing Cover 2 . It was first down and 10 for the Falcons on their own 40-yard line . The Falcons motion tight end # 80 Levine Toilolo across the formation pre-snap , and then run a two-back outside zone to the right .
I highlighted the King-combination block between the tight end and the right tackle on outside linebacker # 91 Ryan Kerrigan . After the snap , the offensive line starts zone blocking to the right with fullback # 42 Patrick DiMarco lead blocking for Freeman . Freeman sees linebacker # 56 Perry Riley to the outside of their tight end and cuts up the open hole between the right tackle and the right guard .
Freeman does the most impressive move on the play . They press the hole behind center # 68 Mike Person faking like they are going to cut inside toward Redskins ' outside linebacker # 93 Trent Murphy . This sets up an outside cut using their planted inside foot ( circled in green ) as the springboard .
This patience and fake cut inside is the reason why the play went for 16 yards instead of 4-5 yards . Highlighted in red is free safety # 38 Dashon Goldson who has the gap responsibility towards the outside of linebacker # 52 Keenan Robinson . Goldson plays the run way too far inside losing contain on the edge which allows Freeman to escape for a big gain .
Later in the 3rd quarter , the Falcons are on their own 9-yard line on 1st and 10 . The Falcons have “ 12 ” -personnel in the game featuring two tight ends and Freeman as the singleback . The play call is a one-back outside zone to the left . After the snap , Freeman bounces outside the left edge of the formation as Redskins ' outside linebacker # 93 Trent Murphy bullrushes their man into the backfield . Since linebacker # 52 Keenan Robinson blitzed there is no second level defender for the Redskins as free safety # 38 Dashon Goldson engages with their blocker in an attempt to set the edge against left guard # 67 Andy Levitre . Next cornerback # 41 Will Blackmon takes the outside shoulder of their blocker tight end # 81 Tony Moeaki allowing Freeman to cut inside for another large gain on the ground .
Pay particularly close attention to linebacker # 52 Keenan Robinson on this play . They blitz through the weakside A-gap , rushes around the entire formation , and tackles Freeman from behind .
At the end of the 3rd quarter , the Falcons received the ball back after a quick three-and-out by the Redskins stymied offense .
A few plays into the drive and it 's 4th quarter with 14:07 left in the game . The Falcons have 1st down and 10 on their 45-yard line with “ 11 ” -personnel in the game ( 1 RB , 1 TE , 3 WR ) . The play call is an inside zone to the weakside of the formation ( left ) .
This play features a weakside jack-combination block between center # 62 James Stone and left guard # 67 Andy Levitre on Washington 's nose tackle # 98 Terrance Knighton . Levitre releases from their dual-blocking responsibility and downfield blocks linebacker # 56 Perry Riley out of the play allowing Freeman to cut inside for an 11 yard gain . Another excellent run call by Kyle Shanahan .
The Falcons are down 12-16 with 51 seconds in the game . A quick pass to Freeman on a slant-route almost ensures a Falcons ' touchdown , but it gets overturned after review . Not being deterred , Matt Ryan completes a quick pass over the middle of the field to keep the drive alive on fourth down .
The Falcons are in shotgun slot left far and run a draw with Freeman as running back . Matt Ryan snaps the ball , delays for a second , and hands it off to him . Freeman rushes forward aiming for the designed gap between the left guard and the center . Seeing linebacker # 56 Perry Riley closing in on the gap ready for the tackle Freeman cuts outside .
Redskins ' inside linebacker # 52 Keenan Robinson bursts outside and dives for the elusive running back slipping off of them for the score . What a terrible tackle by Robinson . They do not turn their entire body and hips into the ballcarrier to drive and bring them down .
Freeman 's only real blemish , outside of not being able to hold onto the touchdown pass by Matt Ryan in the 4th quarter , was this fumble in the redzone near the goal line . Fortunately for Falcons ' fans wide receiver # 11 Julio Jones was able to recover it for the touchdown .
In 21 games since starting their career in the NFL , Freeman has only fumbled the ball twice . Once against the Buccaneers in Week 3 during the 2014 season where it was lost , and this fumble that defensive tackle # 92 Chris Baker made an excellent strip . If you are a Falcons ' fan I would not be too concerned about Freeman 's ball security going foward . Outside of these runs , Freeman was featured as a check down receiver for Matt Ryan against the Redskins ' pass rush that was constantly in the backfield putting pressure on the quarterback all game .
Freeman is now tied in second in the NFL behind running back Matt Forte of the Chicago Bears . The Falcons face the New Orleans Saints on Thursday Night Football who even though have the worst passing defense in the league actually have a respectable run defense according to Football Outsiders at 12th overall .
Follow Samuel Gold on Twitter : @ SamuelRGold .
JIMMY Bartel has issued a warning to anyone preparing to write off the Cats .
The three-time premiership player is adamant the club has enough talent in its ranks to make it four flags in nine seasons .
`` I do n't hope , I know we 've got another one in us , '' Bartel told geelongcats.com.au .
`` I guess I 'm quietly confident that we 've got the ability . We just need a bit of luck and form and good management . ''
Geelong has made the finals in 10 of the past 11 seasons .
While proud of that , Bartel is keen for the Cats ' current squad to be given the chance to prove itself in its own right , rather than being compared to teams of years gone by .
`` I think people have got to stop looking at the fact that we 've been up since 2007 or even 2004 when some of us older guys played in a prelim , '' they said .
`` I think people have got to stop thinking that we 're defying the odds . There are only a couple of us left from 2007 .
`` It 's a completely different squad , it 's a different coaching staff . Everything about the club is different .
`` We 're a new side trying to make our own new little mark . ''
The addition of Mitch Clark is one of the many changes made to the Cats ' list after last season 's straight-sets exit from the finals , and Bartel has no doubt that Clark can have a big impact .
`` I am excited about Mitch because I remember playing against him , '' Bartel said . `` He was so explosive and dangerous .
`` Once they and 'Hawk ' [ Tom Hawkins ] have played a dozen games together they could be pretty special . ''
Bartel is in the last year of the four-year contract they signed with Geelong prior to the 2012 season .
But although they are now 31 , the 259-game veteran is confident they have a couple more years left at footy 's highest level , not that they spend much time pondering such things .
`` I 've never really thought to far ahead , '' they said . `` I do n't ever think , ' I 'll play for another three years or two years . ' I just see what happens .
`` At the end of this year we 'll see if they still want me around .
`` But I still enjoy playing the game and I still think we 're super-competitive .
`` That 's what excites me : knowing we 've got the talent to push for another premiership . That 's all I 'm really driven by . ''
Bartel gets so wound up about winning premierships that they find it impossible to watch the Grand Final if the Cats are not in it .
In fact , they have not watched a Grand Final as a spectator since they started their AFL career .
`` I 'm jealous of anyone else who wins a premiership , '' they said . `` I get bitter and twisted .
`` The only team that I want to see the premiership is us and when we do n't I spit the dummy ! I 'm a spoilt footballer . ''
It happens to all of us — sometimes , we just fall into a rut and life feels flat , or worse , painful . We start to wonder why things feel like they 're harder than they should be .
You have the power to change your circumstances by simply changing your mind . The mind is an incredibly powerful thing and it ultimately determines our happiness . The good news is we can train our mind to experience life in a different way with just a key set of seven mindset shifts . Are you ready for a new outlook ?
1 . Ditch the happiness formula you learned .
The beauty of being human is that each one of us is unique . How could anyone be happy following the same formula as everyone else when we are all so very different ? If you change the numbers in a math problem , the answer comes out differently . We all have different equations and answers to the question — what will make me happy as an individual ? Find your own formula and follow it .
2 . Take inventory and define YOUR priorities .
Getting to know yourself will be the first step in uncovering your own happiness guide . Look at what you do and how you do it with fascination and curiosity , not judgment . Setting your priorities and being mindful of the time you spend with others is incredibly important of a self-loving life . Priorities are dynamic and will shift over time , so it 's important to continually assess your motivations and where you are choosing to give your energy .
3 . Redefine how purpose shows up inside your career .
Your purpose is an expression of the person you 've always been . It may result in various types of jobs , functions , and roles in both your personal and professional life . This is n't about having to find your dream job or dream company ( although that can be involved ) , it 's about connecting to who you are effortlessly and offering that value to the marketplace .
Apply your natural abilities and talents in your personal and professional life . I want you to be propelled by purpose , passion , intuition and intention .
4 . It 's time to look at the expectations we have in our relationships .
We have all types of relationships in our lives . Relationships are never static : they 're a dynamic dance based on the lives of each individual . Everybody is STARVING for connection . From family ties to love affairs , people are unhappy in all types of relationships because we operate and define them by someone 's ability to meet our internal expectations instead of approaching them based on individual understanding , humanity and compassion .
No one can give you anything that you have not yet accessed alone . It 's really about connecting to yourself and the beliefs that you operate under .
5 . Put your anxiety in perspective .
Even though humans have come a long way , our brains still are n't very good at telling the difference between life-threatening danger and , well , any other kind of danger ( ahem , your boss ) .
When you 're feeling anxious , step outside of your life and look at it objectively — what is your anxiety trying to tell you ? What are the experiences that are painful for you ? When you understand your anxiety and understand that the end result usually is n't that severe , you can change the way we experience it .
6 . Explore your depression .
Depression has become a story of defectiveness rather than about discovery . Depression is a symptom trying to show you something within yourself . It should catalyst self-discovery into what someone must be feeling to have such profound depressive symptoms . The key to getting out of depression is understanding that you are n't alone and that it is an expression of your body telling you that something is off . So become an explorer and find out what 's causing it .
7 . Recognize your small and big addictions and get them under control !
We all have guilty pleasures that distract us from life when things get a little too real . When you have a bad day and do n't want to think about or deal with it anymore , your mind redirects you to the pleasure of your choice .
But pleasures turn into addictions when the habit is continued even after adverse consequences in daily life . Addiction occurs when someone can no longer make rational decisions in regard to a substance or action and continue to act without regard to the consequences .
Understanding your mindset and how to shift it is the first and biggest step to getting yourself completely out of a rut . Understanding yourself , the way you show up in the world , and what you can do to change it is the best way to start a new path to health and happiness .
For more extensive information on redefining these seven key mindsets check out Dr. Tracy Thomas ' Total Life Reset Manual !
For the first time , the FTC has laid the smackdown on the proprietor of a Kickstarter that failed to deliver on its promises . It 's about goddamn time—but it 's not exactly good news for the backers who , three years later , are still out some cash .
Erik Chevalier settled with the FTC over a complaint concerning their Kickstarter project for a Lovecraftian board game called the The Doom That Came to Atlantic City . The Kickstarter campaign to create the game launched in May 2012 and raised $ 122,874 from 1,246 backers , way more than the $ 35,000 Chevalier said they needed to make the game .
Advertisement
On the surface , the campaign seemed reasonable and attainable . It 's a board game after all , not an absurd or impossible new technology that needed to be developed from scratch . Still , Chevalier cruised by the October 2012 original delivery deadlines , providing updates to their backers as if they were going to deliver , until ultimately , Chevalier canceled the project and promised their backers refunds .
The refunds never came . And the FTC contends that instead , Chevalier blew the cash “ on unrelated personal expenses such as rent , moving themselves to Oregon , personal equipment , and licenses for a different project . ”
Advertisement
Chevalier settled with the FTC for $ 111,793.71—less money than they raised—but they wo n't pay a cent . According to the FTC , the judgement “ will be suspended due to Chevalier 's inability to pay . ”
The moral of the story , then , appears to be that if you raise an truckload of cash from a Kickstarter scam but then spend it all before the government catches up to you , you 'll get away scot-free . ( As commenters point out , he 's unemployed so there are no wages to garner . )
“ Kickstarter creators have an incredible track record when it comes to following through on their promises , ” the company said in a statement . “ But creators who abuse our system and backers ' trust expose themselves to legal action. ” The company did n't specify what constitutes an incredible track record .
Advertisement
In conjunction with today 's announcement , the FTC released some completely obvious guidance to businesses who want to get in the crowdfunding game :
Keep your promises when crowdfunding . If you promise rewards , give them . If you promise refunds , provide them .
Use the money raised from crowdfunding only for the purpose represented . If you collect money for a specified project , like creating a board game , use the money only for that purpose . Do n't use it for personal purposes or to start another project .
Advertisement
Seriously ?
It is a good thing that the government is finally trying to do something about the ludicrous number of Kickstarter scams and outright failures that leave unwitting people hanging . But between the flaccid action on today 's settlement and the futile guidance , I 'm not real optimistic that we 're making any progress towards common sense regulation of crowdfunding . Proceed with caution . Do n't give these knuckleheads your money .
Got info about s scammy crowdfunding project ? We want to know more .
Democrats on the Federal Elections Commission are directly challenging the First Amendment rights of Infowars , the Drudge Report and Breitbart by threatening to investigate their “ editorial decisions . ”
mtgdoc_17-28-a-2 by kitdaniels on Scribd
Their gameplay could include subpoenas targeting the day-to-day operations of each outlet .
“ It 's pretty easy to see how this quickly becomes an inquisition into conservative media outlets , ” an elections laws expert said to the Washington Examiner . “ Commissioner Weintraub appears to be laying the groundwork to subpoena people at Breitbart , Drudge , and Infowars – maybe even Matt Drudge and Alex Jones themselves . ”
This is a clear attack on the free press protected by the First Amendment , and it stems from the wider witch hunt into “ Russian collusion ” that CNN 's very own Van Jones admitted was a “ nothing burger . ”
The FEC plan has two objectives : kill competition to the mainstream , anti-Trump media and provide a convenient – albeit fake – excuse as to why Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election that absolves establishment Democrats of blame .
But the reason the Democrats lost the White House is simple : their national party has been drifting away from its voting base to embrace globalism which tramples the livelihoods of working-class Americans .
It 's not surprising then that Donald Trump and their ‘ Americans First ' platform won rust belt states which have n't voted Republican in decades .
“ We 're going to be a regional party that fails to get into the majority , and fails to do things on behalf of those working class people that were the backbone of the Democratic Party for so long , ” warned Rep. Tim Ryan ( D-Ohio ) .
Part 6/10 of my very action packed 6 weeks of traveling around the country in search of birds . In mid-May I set off for my annual road trip . This year I wanted to focus on the interior of British Columbia and some of the fantastic species that breed here . I spent 20 days camping out under the stars in a variety of different habitat types . I had a long target list of birds and managed to find most of them along the way . What a wonderful way to spend three weeks !
I returned to Victoria for a day or two and then headed off for Churchill , Manitoba to lead a photo workshop up there . What a fantastic place ! There is so much to see and do up there and some really exceptional shooting opportunities .
For northern bird photography this is as good as it gets ! We had a wonderful group of 6 photographers and we were blessed with fantastic sunny weather . The breeze kept the mosquitoes out of the equation as well . It was about as perfect as it could have been and I can hardly wait to get back there next year .
All in all it has been a wonderful way to start the summer . If you are interested in seeing more images from either of these trips check out the feature photo gallery on www.glennbartley.com
And if you think you might want to join me next year in Churchill be sure to send me an email .
All the best !
Glenn
The White House on Monday announced that Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland has completed a Senate Judiciary Committee questionnaire about their qualifications .
Garland is returning the document to lawmakers on Tuesday , The Hill has learned from a White House spokesperson .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Tomorrow , in addition to continuing to meet with senators of both parties , Chief Judge Garland will submit their questionnaire to the Senate Judiciary Committee , ” Brandi Hoffine said in an email . `` The questionnaire and associated materials present an exhaustive picture of Judge Garland 's distinguished career and their impeccable credentials as a nominee to the Supreme Court .
“ We expect that upon receiving the questionnaire , Senate Judiciary Committee members will do their jobs by reviewing the information , noticing a hearing so that the American people can hear directly from Chief Judge Garland as they answer questions under oath and giving them a fair up or down vote . ”
Former Justice Antonin Scalia died in February , setting up a heated presidential election year battle over their potential replacement .
President Obama nominated Garland to the nation 's highest court in March , prompting the GOP-led Senate Judiciary Committee to refuse hearings over their potential confirmation .
Hoffine on Monday said Republican opposition to a hearing over Garland contradicts decades of American judicial history .
“ Every nominee since 1875 who was n't withdrawn from consideration has received a hearing and/or a vote . With more federal judicial experience than any other Supreme Court nominee in history and a long record of public service , we expect the Senate will give Chief Judge Garland the same fair consideration as prior nominees . ”
Garland has met with 46 senators since their nomination 54 days ago , including 14 Republican lawmakers . Only two GOP senators — Sens . Mark Kirk Mark Steven KirkThe global reality behind 'local ' problems Dems vow swift action on gun reform next year This week : Trump heads to Capitol Hill MORE ( Ill. ) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump 's emergency declaration MORE ( Maine ) — have publicly voiced support for holding a confirmation hearing .
Critics say Obama should not name a new Supreme Court justice because it is an election year , arguing next president is better suited for picking Scalia 's replacement instead .
Dean Bennett , The Canadian Press
EDMONTON -- Canada 's ambassador to the United States says they are pushing hard for a timely resolution on the NAFTA renegotiation , but they wo n't accept a bad deal to get it .
`` We 've heard from Canadian business ( and ) from the provinces that there 's a certain amount of uncertainty that is causing people to perhaps delay investments , '' David MacNaughton said Tuesday on the opening day of the premiers annual summer meeting .
`` Obviously if we could get a clarification of the trading relationship sooner rather than later it would be better , but having said that we 're not going to rush into a bad deal .
`` We 're ready to sit down and work on this negotiation for as long as it takes to get something that is going to be good for Canadians . ''
MacNaughton made the comments prior to briefing the leaders of Canada 's provinces and territories on trade and the upcoming NAFTA talks .
In May , U.S. President Donald Trump 's administration gave notice it wants to renegotiate the 23-year-old tripartite North American Free Trade Agreement . The president says it is obsolete and unfair to American workers .
On Monday , the U.S. released a list of what it wishes to see changed when talks begin next month .
The U.S. wants more exports of its dairy and other agricultural products , free trade in telecommunication and online purchases , and the elimination of independent dispute resolution panels , which have ruled in Canada 's favour on contentious issues such as softwood lumber .
MacNaughton said some form of external dispute resolution is critical .
`` Whether or not that dispute resolution mechanism can be improved or modernized , I think we 're up for discussions around that , but there needs to be some kind of dispute resolution mechanism as part of the agreement . ''
MacNaughton said recent discussions with U.S. business leaders , state governors and the Trump administration suggest everyone is seeking a fair and balanced deal . But if the U.S. wants Canada to loosen up on subsidies and protectionist rules , the ambassador says bring it on .
`` The U.S. dairy industry is heavily subsidized and heavily protected , as is their sugar industry and a number of other areas , so if they want to start talking about opening up agricultural markets we 're happy to talk about them opening up theirs . ''
Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard said given that the U.S. list of NAFTA concerns is 16 pages long , Canadians should not expect a resolution anytime soon .
`` It would be extremely unlikely that such a wide , broad list of subjects could be settled in a matter of months , '' Couillard said
`` It will take years . It 's a long , long negotiation . ''
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne said they have spoken to 22 state governors as well as with federal lawmakers . The prevailing feeling on both sides of the border , they said , is that no harm be done to the trade agreement .
`` What I have found in the United States is that there 's a very deep understanding among leaders there that the connectivity between our economies is important for both of us , '' said Wynne .
Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister said premiers need to continue to reach out to U.S. governors and lawmakers to make the case for cross-border trade .
`` There 's tremendous strength in working together and building things together , '' said Pallister .
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil said while the federal government will carry the ball on talks , they want to make sure there 's a way for provincial concerns and suggestions to be heard .
`` There 's no indication on my end that ( the pathway ) wo n't be there , '' said McNeil . `` We just need to continue to make sure and be clear about that . ''
McNeil said timing is critical .
`` What I want to make sure ... is that these negotiations do n't linger on , '' said McNeil , whose province is a heavy exporter of seafood and rubber to the U.S .
`` The investment world needs certainty . Both of our countries need this . ''
On Monday , Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall suggested Canada should compile a discreet list of retaliatory measures should the NAFTA talks `` get off the rail . ''
Asked about that strategy , Notley said now is the time to focus on what unites rather than divides the two sides .
`` We 're not at the point of engaging in retaliatory strategizing , '' said Notley .
They compared NAFTA 's interdependent trade links to the intricate weave of a sweater . Pull one thread , they said , and more threads come loose .
`` There 's nary a string that can be pulled on any one of them without pulling out the whole sweater , '' they said .
Wind energy is the fastest growing method of generating electricity in the world . It 's also one of the most ancient of energy sources . Sailboats have existed for thousands of years .
Wind exists because the sun heats the earth and its atmosphere unevenly . As warmer air rises , colder air rushes in to take its place .
Hills , valleys , and other irregularities in the earth 's surface , as well as bodies of water , vegetation , human-made structures , and the rotation of the earth all influence wind flow patterns .
Rotors mounted on towers capture the wind and operate a generator , which converts the kinetic energy of the wind to mechanical power , which in turn creates electricity .
Most typically , commercial wind power generation combines multiple turbines in areas known as wind farms .
How wind turbines generate electricity
Although inventors are working on bladeless alternatives , most wind energy comes from turbines that operate by a rotor mounted on a tower .
The tower and foundation must not only carry the weight of the rotors and the generating equipment , but also withstand wind from all directions and at various speeds .
Towers are usually made either from round concrete or steel tubes ( not strictly cylindrical ) or less frequently from steel lattices . The larger the rotor , the taller the tower must be .
Taller towers are more expensive to build , but they also produce more electricity . The tower and foundation typically account for 15-20 % of construction costs .
The rotor must be capable of turning in response to wind direction , so it is mounted on the tower with bearings .
The central part near the hub contains the drive-train components : the rotor shaft and its bearings , the transmission , the generator , the coupling , and the brake .
The structure also has components that
follow wind direction
control heating and cooling
protect the entire structure from lightning
lift spare parts for maintenance
can extinguish a fire
The rotor spins at 18-50 rpm . The blades turn slowly in terms of rpm , but the tip of large blades can exceed 140 mph . The generator requires about 1500 rpm . The transmission , therefore , by various means and in multiple steps , matches the slow rotation of the rotor with the fast rotation of the generator .
Whatever the design of the generator , it comes equipped with a variety of electronic sensors and controls . A wind turbine can be understood as the opposite of a fan . Instead of requiring electricity to turn the blades , the turning of the blades produces electricity .
Rotor diameter largely determines the capacity of a turbine . They come in three broad size ranges :
Residential : rotor diameter of 4-43 feet , hub height of 60-120 feet , and rated capacity less than 30 KW .
Intermediate : rotor diameter of 43-100 feet , hub height of 115-164 feet , and rated capacity of 30-500 KW
Commercial : rotor diameter of 100 to more than 325 feet , hub height of 164 to more than 260 feet , and rated capacity between 500 KW and 4.5 MW
Rated capacity measures generation of electricity under ideal conditions , but wind blows intermittently and at varying speeds . The actual capacity depends on the wind speed at hub height .
Transmission and distribution of wind energy uses the same technology as any other electricity .
Some problems with wind turbine power
Wind variability
The amount of wind available varies with geography . Areas are rated in seven different classes , with Class 1 being the lowest . Wind generation is feasible only at Class 3 or higher , or an average annual wind speed of no less than 13 mph .
Calm winds do not turn the rotors to make electricity . Because wind power is intermittent , it requires some kind of storage . So far , there is no cost-effective storage technology available on a commercial scale . Therefore wind must be used with other sources of electricity .
Upfront costs
Wind installations cost more to build than conventional fossil fuel plants , but have much lower maintenance costs and no fuel costs . Over their entire life cycle , they are competitive , but they do n't get built without financial incentives .
Let 's keep in mind , though , that fossil fuels receive subsidies from the federal government . Subsidies for emerging technologies are more justified . There seems to be no good reason to rely on market forces alone to develop wind energy .
The military invented and supported the Internet for 20 years and turned it over to the National Science Foundation for 10 more years before it became public . Computers , jet planes , integrated circuits , and satellite communications came first from government programs , not the market .
Bird kill
Wind turbines kill as many as 440,000 birds every year . Compared to the 976 million birds killed when they collide with buildings , that 's a small number , but with the development of more and more wind farms , the problem will only grow . Fortunately , the government is funding projects to minimize the problem .
People care more about birds and bats than insects , but insect debris distorts the shape of the rotors . It can cut turbine power output in half . Rain washes it off , but in the absence of rain , crews with trucks and sprayers must do it , which increases the plant 's operating costs .
Aesthetics
Many people consider wind farms an eyesore . Between that and the noise from the rotors , wind energy triggers the “ Not In My Back Yard ” syndrome more than any other alternative energy source .
In fact , former Senator Ted Kennedy , otherwise an enthusiastic supporter of green energy , fought hard to prevent development of a massive wind farm off the Massachusetts coast .
Offshore wind farms ca n't be built in water more than 120 meters deep . Shallower water is close enough to shore that the turbines are still visible from land—including Senator Kennedy 's home .
Researchers and inventors are working to develop new technologies to mitigate these and other problems . Among other things , they have proposed at least a dozen or so wind generators that do n't use rotors . One or more is bound to become technologically feasible and scalable . Any of them would have lower construction and maintenance costs than rotors on a tower .
Is there a wind farm in your vicinity ? What do you and your local public think about it ? Please let us know in the comment area .
Sources :
Wind Energy Guide / Upper Great Plains Wind Energy
Wind Turbine Technology / World Wind Energy Association [ link no longer works , May 17 , 2017 ]
Wind Energy Pros and Cons / Mathias Aarre Maehium ( Energy Informative )
Photo credits :
Wind farm . © Copyright Stephen Craven and licensed for reuse under this Creative Commons Licence
Wind turbine components . Public domain from Wikimedia Commons .
© Copyright Chris Downer and licensed for reuse under this Creative Commons Licence
CLOSE The Colts defense is starting to take take shape after a few free agent signings but there are still many holes to fill . Clark Wade
Indianapolis Colts head coach Chuck Pagano talks with safety Mike Adams ( 29 ) , one of several defensive starters to leave after 2016 . ( Photo : Matt Kryger/IndyStar )
INDIANAPOLIS — The NFL is an ever-changing enterprise . Players come and go , with roughly a third of a team 's players turning over from year to year .
On most clubs , that change occurs primarily near the bottom of the roster .
Then there are these Indianapolis Colts .
They have gutted their 2016 defense , replacing the castoffs with an assorted group of middle- and low-tier free agents , with plans in place to continue the process in the NFL draft .
Say this for the Colts defense : It 'll be different . But here 's what matters most :
Will it be better ? That answer remains elusive .
“ Until we line up and play , I do n't know , ” General Manager Chris Ballard admitted during the NFL 's owners meetings . “ On paper ? Yeah . But until they line up and play , we do n't know . That 's the thing about this league . They give us a result every Sunday to tell us how we 're doing . ”
MORE COLTS :
Insider : Colts open up on the Dwayne Allen trade
Colts give up the goods on draft plans
The Colts have n't and wo n't play for several months . So , we wo n't have an answer for quite some time . But this defensive makeover is as extensive as any you will ever see .
Using the Colts ' official projected starting lineup released heading into Week 1 of last season , only four listed starters remain on the current roster . And that group includes nose tackle David Parry , whose roster spot is tenuous , at best , after their arrest in an alcohol-related incident in February . Coach Chuck Pagano was noncommittal about Parry 's future when asked during the meetings , saying , “ He 's still going through the legal process . I do n't have any details to update at this time . As far as the football side of it , David has played good football for us , winning football for us . But like everybody else , he 's going to be in great competition for a spot . ”
That spot , and possibly others , could be re-evaluated after the draft depending on what it yields .
But as things stand now , the overhaul playing out on the Colts defense is eye opening , even by NFL standards . Which is not to say it is n't completely necessary .
The Colts fielded one of the worst defenses in football in 2016 , statistically finishing 30th in yards allowed , in front of only the Cleveland Browns and San Francisco 49ers .
Chris Ballard was introduced as the Indianapolis Colts new general manager Monday , January 30 , 2017 , afternoon at the Colts Indiana Farm Bureau Football Center . ( Photo : Matt Kryger/IndyStar )
Among those no longer on the roster are safety Mike Adams , cornerback Patrick Robinson and linebackers D'Qwell Jackson , Erik Walden and Robert Mathis – all starters . Trent Cole , a key member of the edge-player rotation , is gone as well .
So , again , the defense is different . But is it better ?
Based on what little we have to go on , you could argue the answer is yes . It 's certainly younger , with free agent Jabaal Sheard ( 27 ) providing an upgrade at outside linebacker after coming over from the New England Patriots . The Colts are also quite high on versatile linebacker John Simon ( 26 ) , who joins the unit from the Houston Texans .
The Colts still lack a freakish pass rusher – they 're hoping to land one in the draft – but they do think their pass rush has been improved by adding Sheard and Simon .
“ The good thing with a guy like Sheard is he 's done it through their career , ” Ballard said . “ He 's been a consistent , six- , seven- , eight-sack guy throughout their career . Simon on third down , the way Houston was using them – moving them inside , letting them move and rush from an A or B gap and do some line stunts – Simon was able to ( generate ) more pressure than … the numbers would indicate .
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
“ As far as premium rushers , we are always going to be looking . ”
MORE :
Doyel : Raiders move frightens me
Insider : Irsay asks for patience while Colts 'go young '
Inside linebacker Sean Spence , signed from the Tennessee Titans , is no Mike Singletary . But the veteran is also a more proven commodity than the Colts have in Antonio Morrison and Edwin Jackson .
“ Sean brings energy , brings speed , ” Pagano said . “ He 's a playmaker . He 's an undersized backer . He 's played mostly in nickel situations ( but ) they have scheme familiarity from Pittsburgh ( a 3-4 defense ) . Should be an easy transition . ”
The secondary has its problems given the release of Robinson and the decision to not re-sign Adams . But the Colts are banking on the shift of Darius Butler to safety and , they hope , significant development from second-year safety T.J. Green . Pagano said they regretted putting a bit too much on Green 's plate after Clayton Geathers was lost to a neck injury late in the season , saying it might have hampered the growth of the then-rookie from Clemson .
It 's very possible a couple of the team 's top-four cornerbacks could come from the draft given the current lack of depth in the unit .
So , yeah , this defense is different , all right . But the verdict on whether it is also better wo n't be in for some time .
This much we do know , however : It ca n't be much worse , and the Colts are banking on improvement .
“ There are some good pieces there , ” Pagano said . “ We have to make a leap because we have n't done that . That falls on me as the head football coach . Certainly , if we are going to have the success that we want to have this year , we are going to have to play really good defense .
“ We are going to have to make a move on that side of the ball . ”
Follow IndyStar reporter Stephen Holder on Twitter : @ HolderStephen .
Who Left A Tree , Then A Coffin In The Library ?
Update : The Library Phantom Returns ! See Part 2 of the mystery .
It started suddenly . Without warning .
Last spring , Julie Johnstone , a librarian at the Scottish Poetry Library in Edinburgh , was wandering through a reading room when they saw , sitting alone on a random table , a little tree .
It was made of twisted paper and was mounted on a book .
Gorgeously crafted , it came with a gold-leafed eggshell broken in two , each half filled with little strips of paper with phrases on them . When reassembled properly , the strips became a poem about birds , `` A Trace of Wings '' by Edwin Morgan .
What was this ?
`` This is for you in support of libraries , books , words , ideas ... '' said a note , addressed to the Library by its twitter name `` @ ByLeavesWeLive '' . There was no artist signature , no one to thank . The staff , totally nonplussed , asked on their blog if anybody knew who made it . They described the gift as a `` poetree '' and waited . Nobody claimed authorship .
Then , it happened again
This time , a coffin , topped by a large gramophone showed up suddenly at The National Library of Scotland . The scene was carved from a book , a mystery novel by Ian Rankin , one of Britain 's bestselling crime writers . It seemed like a visual pun , because the book 's title was Exit Music .
Once again , a note said , `` A gift in support of libraries , books , words , ideas ... ( & against their exit ) . ''
Next came a movie theater , one of Edinburgh 's local art film houses . It got , out of nowhere , a book carved so that a bunch of warriors seemed to be leaping ( or in some cases galloping ) off a movie screen straight into a startled audience . One of the audience members , if you looked closely , was wearing a tiny photo of the face of mystery writer Ian Rankin . The mystery deepened .
Was this Rankin 's doing ? Their Scottish detective character , named Rebus , has been adapted for television . Perhaps the TV people were trying to gin up some publicity ? A new form of viral marketing , maybe ? No , said Rankin . They told the Edinburgh papers they had no idea who made these little books and they had nothing to do with it .
Next ( and by now we 've moved from spring into summer ) somebody found a little dragon peeking out of an egg in a windowsill at The Scottish Storytelling Centre . This dragon was carved , once again , from an Ian Rankin mystery and came with the same anonymous tag :
A gift in support of libraries , books , works , ideas ... Once upon a time there was a book and in the book was a nest and in the nest was an egg and in the egg was a dragon and in the dragon was a story ...
Then , the pace quickened . On a single day in August , two new sculptures showed up at the Edinburgh International Book festival , one at the Bookshop , the other at something called the UNESCO Edinburgh City of Literature . Whoever brought them in , got out unnoticed .
By this fall , these mysterious sculptures had become a hot story . Reporters checked the newest teacup and cupcake , then the little fellow hiding in a forest for some sign of authorship , and once again found a connection to mystery writer Ian Rankin . The hiding man was nestled in a book Rankin had publicly admired .
Mr. Rankin came to the festival , checked out the new sculpture . Here they are , trying to look innocent . The thing is : they probably are innocent .
Because within a week or two , another sculpture , this one a large magnifying glass , something Sherlock Holmes might have used but in paper form , appeared at the Central Lending Library . It was balanced precariously on a book .
This sculpture had no known connection to Mr. Rankin , but it did quote from poet Edward Morgan — whose poem inspired the first sculpture . Hmmm . First Morgan , then Rankin , then Morgan again — who is the real perpetrator , asked the BBC , Scotland TV , The Guardian . And what is he ? She ? They ? trying to tell us ? Everyone wanted to know .
Just as the news cycle was about to hit boil , The Edinburgh Evening News announced it had cracked the case . It turns out , they said , their own former music librarian , a Mr. Garry Gale , had figured it out . Mr. Gale said when they saw the sculptures they realized they looked exactly like a paper sculpture they had bought a year or so earlier from a certain artist that they did n't name , but the styles were so unerringly similar it had to be the same artist who was dropping these little gifts on major cultural centers in Edinburgh .
Who Did It ?
So , OK ! Now we find out who did it .
Well , this is where my reporting either falls short or I bump into the respectful quiet that is Edinburgh culture . Instead of having Mr. Gale immediately identify the perpetrator , the Evening News decided to take a poll : Do you really want to know , it asked its readers , who made these gorgeous teacups and dragons and magnifying glasses , or would you rather honor the artist , and let him/her remain anonymous ?
Can you even imagine such a thing in America ? Can you imagine People magazine or the New York Daily News saying `` Shall we protect this shy fellow 's privacy ? '' Shall we honor theirs modesty ?
The readers wrote in . And according to Central Station , a Scottish website , `` the general view is that We Do n't Want To Know . '' Presumably a significant number of respondents said they would rather not learn the identity of the sculptor and it would be best if those who know just not tell .
Has the paper published the perpetrator 's name ?
It has n't . At least , I ca n't find any mention on their site . I found possible culprits mentioned , but no authoritative story . Several pages , it seems , have been un-cached and ca n't be read . Unbelievably ( to me ) that 's how the story ends .
( P.S . : If you are reading this in Scotland and you know who the artist is , and want to whisper it to us on this distant continent , far across the vast Atlantic , I 'm not going to tell you not to . Instead I 'm going to tell you to whisper it in the comment section where we can all scroll through and find it and not mention it to each other . While not the most morally admirable of stances , this will give my story a satisfactory conclusion with the minimum of world-wide exposure .
We are a small blog . We are visited by discrete , polite readers who hardly ever get excited , unless the subject is Tea Party politics , global warming , or Sylvia Poggioli . We probably wo n't recognize the name ; we 'll forget it the moment you say it , but it 's just not knowing is hard for us . What I 'm saying is , if you choose to share , your secret is , well , semi-safe with us . )
Viktor Orbán , who has claimed migrants damage Europe 's security , says new barrier is needed in case of possible surge
Hungary will build a new , “ more massive ” fence on its southern borders to defend against a possible surge in the number of migrants , the prime minister , Viktor Orbán , has said .
Orbán , who previously described migrants as “ poison ” , said on state radio that there might soon be a “ greater need for security ” and the fortified barrier would be able to stop “ several hundreds of thousands of people ” at the same time , if needed .
They said such a surge could take place if , for example , Turkey allowed the millions of refugees living there to leave for western Europe .
“ Then , if we ca n't do it nicely , we have to hold them back by force , ” Orbán said . “ And we will do it , too . ”
Hungary built fences protected with razor wire on its southern borders with Serbia and Croatia last year , when nearly 400,000 people passed through the country on their way west .
Migrants on Hungary 's border fence : 'This wall , we will not accept it ' Read more
The fences have greatly slowed the flow of people entering Hungary , which is also beefing up its police force with 3,000 new “ border hunters ” to tighten control at the fences and introduced controversial legislation that allows officials to return migrants to Serbia if they are caught within five miles ( 8km ) of the border .
Hungary has denied repeated allegations that officers have used force to “ escort ” the migrants and refugees back to Serbia .
Orbán reiterated their call for the stronger protection of Europe 's external borders , saying joint efforts were needed to defend the borders between Serbia and Macedonia , and Macedonia and Greece .
“ Immigration and migrants damage Europe 's security , are a threat to people and bring terrorism upon us , ” Orbán said , adding that this was caused by allowing the uncontrolled entry of large numbers of people “ from areas where Europe and the western world are seen as the enemy ” .
Orbán 's virulent anti-migrant stance also includes a government-sponsored referendum on 2 October seeking political support for the rejection of any European Union plans to resettle migrants among its member countries .
Every cloud really does have one .
In a surprising twist , reefer activists are taking advantage of the state 's controversial new Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which allows businesses and individuals in the state to discriminate against members of the LGBT community on religious grounds , to found the First Church of Cannabis Inc .
That 's right , Indianapolis lawyer Abdul-Hakim Shabazz wrote for Indy Politics that the state 's rush to defend religious liberty may have actually opened the door to more than it bargained for .
`` I would argue that under RFRA , as long as you can show that reefer is part of your religious practices , you got a pretty good shot of getting off scot-free , '' they write , though they noted it is still illegal to smoke pot in Indiana .
Bill Levin , founder of the new church , took a victory lap Saturday on the group 's Facebook page .
We 've seen this before . The Indiana move is part of a time-honored playbook of activists using the logic of controversial laws to advance other ( and amusing ) ends .
For example , after the Supreme Court ruled in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores Inc. that the Christian craft store chain could deny contraceptives to employees on religious grounds , the Satanic Temple took up the cause of religious freedom . The Satanists announced in 2014 that they would use the logic of the decision to legally challenge `` informed consent '' laws , where many states require women to receive `` informational '' literature by the state before undergoing an abortion .
When the group American Atheists lost a legal challenge to have a monument to the 10 Commandments removed from a Florida town , they did the next best thing and erected a monument of their own . The monument , which sits in a designated `` free speech zone , '' quotes Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin .
The First Church of Cannabis and LGBT rights may seem like two different issues , but they are linked in one important way : Neither causes harm to anybody else . The state of Indiana should not be in the business of regulating benign individual activity .
First Church of Cannabis , can we get an amen ?
h/t Raw Story
PART I
Fear and Loathing in Prague
Memories of Smuggling Subversive Literature Behind the Iron Curtain
1 ( i ) — The revolutionary scene in late 70s London ; a beautiful woman at the bar ; an invitation to undertake a perilous journey
Today , the area behind King 's Cross station in London is a frenzy of new construction . Office towers and luxury apartment blocks vie to fill the remaining vacant lots around the Eurostar high-speed train terminal , where passengers depart with silky velocity to Paris and beyond . But in the mid-70s this was a desolate hinterland , with narrow rubbish-strewn streets that served as a work place for local prostitutes and home for impoverished itinerants .
It was here that the International Marxist Group ( IMG ) , an organization dedicated to the worldwide overthrow of capitalism , had set up its headquarters , attracted by the neighborhood 's low rents and convenient transportation . In a three-story building that housed a dingy bookstore stacked with volumes on the deepening crisis of imperialism , the organization 's leadership developed its strategy for the seizure of state power . This was communicated via smudgily mimeographed bulletins mailed to a membership of a few hundred .
Public meetings were held in a pub across the road , the General Picton , named for an infamously brutal military governor of Trinidad . Upstairs , beneath the low hanging lights of an old pool table that cast the proceedings in a conspiratorial chiaroscuro , comrades debated the theory of permanent revolution , as formulated by Leon Trotsky .
It was in the General Picton that I went to my first IMG gatherings , so-called “ Red Circles , ” open only to those interested in becoming a member of the group . The speakers were intense and cosmopolitan , their words entirely captivating to a 19-year old just arrived in the capital from the anodyne suburbs of Liverpool .
After one such meeting , I found myself continuing the discussion over a beer in the downstairs bar with a friendly local union official and their spectacularly beautiful girlfriend . ( I only later discovered that they had been assigned by the organization to undertake “ contact work ” with me—to ease my entry into the group through regular get-togethers . ) We were in the middle of excoriating the lamentable sectarianism of the International Socialists , our primary rivals on the revolutionary left , when I was approached by a tall , lightly bearded man with soft eyes and a flat nasal voice that suggested an enduring heavy cold . They were holding a hand-rolled cigarette between finger and thumb , in the manner of the working class .
The man asked if I would care to accompany them outside for a chat . My heart raced at the invitation . I was aware that they were in the leadership of the group , having heard them speak at a previous educational on why the Soviet Union should be regarded as “ degenerate ” under its Stalinist rulers . I had taken copious notes . What could such an elevated comrade want from someone like me , not even an official member ?
I duly followed them through the pub door into a chill wind that blew old newspapers around our feet . Bracing against the blast they leaned in and , with sparks flying this way and that from the tip of their roll-up , inquired whether I would be interested in taking a trip abroad . What they were about to tell me , they said , needed to be kept strictly between ourselves . Did I understand ? I could barely speak , such was my excitement . I nodded emphatically .
They went on to explain that the IMG was cooperating with a group of dissidents in Czechoslovakia in their struggle to overturn the regime there , a repressive Moscow-backed government that was anathema to democratic revolutionaries such as ourselves . To assist this work , couriers were being dispatched behind the Iron Curtain to deliver packages , primarily banned books and newspapers , but also secret communiqués . Would I be interested in joining these efforts ? They need not have asked .
Australia 's electronic espionage agency is a partner in a massive United States-led assault on internet security and privacy , according to top secret documents disclosed by former US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
The German Der Spiegel magazine has published new disclosures of signals intelligence cooperation between the United States and its `` 5-eyes '' partners – the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia and New Zealand – revealing that the secret agencies have broken most widely-used forms of internet encryption .
The NSA has been cracking encryption for years . Credit : Reuters
Many of the leaked documents are classified top secret , `` COMINT '' ( communications intelligence ) and releasable only to `` 5-eyes '' agencies – the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) , the Australian Signals Directorate ( ASD ) , the United Kingdom 's Government Communications Headquarters , Canada 's Communications Security Establishment and New Zealand 's Government Communications Security Bureau .
Intensive efforts to overcome what is described as the `` major threat '' of `` ubiquitous encryption '' on the internet have been regularly discussed at top secret `` SIGDEV '' – signals intelligence development conferences between the `` 5-eyes '' agencies .
As Comic Relief 's Fantastic Beasts is to be made a movie trilogy , we wonder how Warner execs sleep at night .
A few years ago , I was sat on a bench having a cigarette in a town centre in West Yorkshire . There I sat , mesmerised by a one-legged pigeon pecking away at a discarded KFC chicken leg . Despite a general feeling of disgust towards the whole cannibalistic nature of the scene , I noticed that having eaten the remaining gristle on the bone , the pigeon continued to peck away . It pecked and picked , determined to squeeze out every last bit of potential in the bone whilst completely oblivious to the desperation it exuded . I was reminded again of this scene late last week when it was announced the first of the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them feature films are set for cinematic release in November 2016 .
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was originally a fictional text book in the Harry Potter universe , written by the wizard Newt Scamander . It was later brought into our universe in 2001 by JK Rowling , when it was published as a charity novel for Comic Relief . The book is all of 54 pages , yet Warner Bros have seen fit to dig up Seabiscuit 's corpse for a good kicking , confirming that they will pad the book out over three films .
This is the latest example in what appears to be an ever increasing trend of film studios exploiting the loyal fanbases
The news of a film trilogy based on what is essentially a hefty leaflet may result in collective cynical eye rolling by those hearing the news for the first time . It is the latest example in what appears to be an ever increasing trend of film studios getting their pound of flesh and exploiting the loyal fanbases of their most successful franchises . Other recent examples of successful franchises being milked like a cow at a corn flake banquet include The Hobbit trilogy and the film adaptation of Mockingjay , the final book in the Hunger Games series .
There 's an argument , or at least the curtsey of a thinly veiled pretence , that more than one film is required in order to do the literature the films are based on a degree of justice and appease the book fans . However , in the case of Fantastic Beasts , that argument is about as redundant as Piers Morgan on an American News Network , because as of yet there is no story , no director , no producer or even actors tied to the project .
More on franchise mayhem : How to break the sequel ‘ curse '
The Harry Potter films alone generated over seven billion dollars worldwide . It would appear that in making so much money from the franchise , Warner Bros ca n't even be arsed to maintain the charade that the Fantastic Beasts films will have any artistic credibility . Variety reported that Warner Bros CEO Kevin Tsujihara announced that Fantastic Beasts would become a part of the massive merchandising efforts and Wizarding World of Harry Potter theme parks . The announcement seemed to be addressed to the shareholders of Time Warner ; the fans that had previously handed over their money in the billions ( and inevitably will again ) appeared to be little more than an afterthought .
Those that buy a ticket to see the Fantastic Beasts films now have the Warner Bros CEO guaranteeing them that what they will actually be watching is little more than a glorified advertisement for one of their theme park rides . On the surface , it could be seen as an utterly charmless attempt to extract cash from wallets . For a number of years now , film studios have been feverishly trawling through their back catalogues for films that can be remade , rebooted or given a sequel .
What was a children 's book published to raise money for the poor and vulnerable is now a Time Warner cash cow
The question is , if the three Fantastic Beast films are a raging success , will it act as the green light for absurd opportunism from major film studios , as they squeeze all they can out of their most popular and beloved franchises ? To what depths will the studios sink ? Will we see a Han Solo trilogy based on an IKEA assembly manual for a Star Wars bunk bed ? Will Marvel create an eight-part saga set in a machine-washable cotton dimension , based on the Spider-Man socks I received for Christmas ? Or a Star Trek Broadway musical based on William Shatner 's spoken word album ? ( Actually , that could be brilliant . )
What started out as a book for children and published for the purposes of raising money for the poorest and most vulnerable in the world will now be chewed up and vomited back into our eyes as a Time Warner cash cow . It would be entirely forgiveable if , in the spirit in which the book was written , 80 per cent of the profits generated by the three films were donated to Comic Relief . But if we 're honest , the odds of that happening are on a par with Lenny Henry being a guest speaker at the next UKIP party conference .
The debate continues : Stretching franchises is choking studio films
All images : Warner Bros
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
By now , you may have heard of “ Burn a Koran Day , ” the , ahem , brainchild of Gainesville , Florida-based Dove World Outreach Center and its Islam-hatin ' pastor Terry Jones . ( No , not that Terry Jones . Thankfully . ) Apparently the pastor is jonesing for some 9/11 headlines , so he 's exhorting their nondenominational Christian flock to show unity on the anniversary of the “ attack on America ” by going Fahrenheit 451 on Islam 's holy book . It 's a move that 's been widely attacked , even by such political quietists as Gen. David Petraeus in Kabul . ( Jones ' book-burning campaign “ is precisely the kind of action the Taliban uses and could cause significant problems—not just here , but everywhere in the world we are engaged with the Islamic community , ” says Petraeus . )
Enter the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , which has been combating the spectre of old-school , end-times Christian proselytizing in the armed forces ' ranks since 2005 . The group has vowed that for every Koran Jones ' minions char , they 'll donate a new one to the Afghan National Army…via Petraeus . Says MRFF in a press release :
After being contacted by scores of our active duty military clients asking us to do something in response to Terry Jones 's planned “ Burn A Koran Day , ” MRFF has decided that the most appropriate response would not be to try to stop Jones , but to donate to the Afghan National Army , as a gesture of good will and a statement of opposition to this entirely un-American act of religious bigotry , a new Qur'an for each one destroyed by Jones and their followers .
As if that was n't enough First Amendment-flexing for you , MRFF also plans to run a full-page ad in Friday 's Gainesville Sun , Jones ' local paper :
Kinda makes you proud to be an American , aywot ?
Business :
While Netflix may not reveal ratings , that does n't mean there 's nothing to discuss . In fact , there 's a lot to ponder about the state of the streamer 's deal with Marvel . It feels like every time there 's a new Defenders series debuting , the original plan is once again twisted and manipulation .
Originally , everyone expected to be getting Daredevil and Jessica Jones in 2015 , Luke Cage and Iron Fist in 2016 and The Defenders in 2017 . Then , suddenly , Daredevil got a second season and Iron Fist was pushed into 2017 with The Defenders release a complete mystery until this past summer when it was confirmed for next year ( though the exact when remains unknown ) .
Now Daredevil has a season three order , Jessica Jones has a season two order and The Punisher has a series order… all before The Defenders has yet to hit the airwaves . Many view this as a good sign , and it is for the most part , but one ca n't help but wonder why Netflix is trying so hard to avoid wrapping their “ phase one. ” Could they be trying to hold on to Marvel as long as possible before having to negotiate for new characters ?
With Hulu now on board to produce a Marvel show in Runaways with ABC Studios on board ( the same partnership the Defenders shows run under ) , Netflix is no longer the only game in town . That definitely counts for something .
Also On FORBES :
Review :
At the moment , the partnership between Marvel Television and Netflix is two for two on wondrous first seasons of television that introduce audiences to new characters they more than likely have n't heard of before . Daredevil took on the mantle of being the Iron Man of its world while delivering an artfully executed 13-hour action movie . A few months later , Jessica Jones brought audiences an identically lengthed noir to great effect . Now , the newest member of the soon-to-be established Defenders team carries on the tradition in Luke Cage .
Set months after the events of Jessica Jones , we rejoin a now relocated Luke Cage as they try living the “ normal life ” in Harlem . Sadly , normal does n't suit Cage that well when the worst the neighborhood has to offer comes for the ones they love . Now , the “ power man ” has no choice but to save the community from its shadow before it 's consumed beyond the point of no return .
If Daredevil is the action movie and Jessica Jones is the noir , Luke Cage is the throwback 70s movie corner of the Marvel Cinematic Universe . Everything from composition to score screams classic 70s - particularly old school , blaxploitation 70s . Cage is n't Shaft , but they have many of the shades of what made Richard Roundtree 's portrayal of the character so iconic .
Luke Cage very much sticks to the first season formula that 's served Marvel well so far : small stakes with big impact . If Matt failed , Fisk 's damage was limited to Hell 's Kitchen . If Jessica failed , a madman would just be roaming free as they already are . If Luke fails , the only ones that suffer are the residents of Harlem . What this gives the show is a sense of emotional weight and realization that Cage could fail . These are n't global stakes , which means Luke does n't have to succeed for there to still be an MCU .
Regarding the growth of Cage , if you liked them in Jessica Jones , you 'll like them here . If you did n't , not much has really changed . Other than being single , this Luke Cage is n't different from the one we saw last year . However , familiarity ai n't all bad . Cage 's powers get to shine in some wonderful ways , especially when we enter the second half of the season . But , what the series really has going for it is story structure .
Arcs are beautifully handled , often taking zigs when a zag is not only expected but often encouraged . Fans of the characters are going to rejoice at the level of quality they are getting with this one after waiting so long for Cage to be realized in live action , and fans of Marvel in general should really enjoy the 70s stylings that shake things up real well . Overall , Luke Cage is another winner for Marvel and Netflix that should n't be missed .
WA diamonds fetch record price of more than $ 2m at Rio Tinto 's Pink Diamond Tender
Updated
Two West Australian diamonds have fetched record prices of more than $ 2 million at Rio Tinto 's annual Pink Diamonds Tender .
Rio 's Argyle mine , about 110 kilometres from Kununurra in WA 's Kimberley , produces 90 per cent of the world 's pink diamonds and because the miner only offers the diamonds for sale once a year , the demand was high .
The mining giant had 64 red , pink , and blue diamonds on sale , which ranged in size from 0.20 to 3.02 carats .
The stones attracted a record number of bids over $ 1 million , with a 2.51-carat fancy deep pink specimen attracting a record price for an Argyle diamond of more than $ 2 million .
The other diamond to go for more than $ 2 million , a 1.56-carat fancy red diamond known as the Argyle Phoenix , set the highest per-carat price paid for a diamond from the Argyle mine .
Rio 's Argyle Pink Diamonds manager Josephine Johnson said the prices reflected `` increasing demand from the world 's top jewellers , designers , collectors and connoisseurs '' .
`` These fabulous flukes of nature are a good news story in the mining industry at the moment , '' they said .
`` There was a lot of interest from our established markets such as Australia , the United States , Japan and Europe but also China and India , where there is now very strong demand . ''
James McGlew from the investment bank Argonaut told the ABC 's World Today that the prices can be interpreted as a sign of a confidence in the local diamond industry .
`` From Rio Tinto 's point of view it 's obviously a very good result for a asset that 's been problematic at Argyle , '' they said .
`` The mine 's been in a bit of limbo lately so the weekend 's sales indicates the Argyle pipe still contains some very valuable stones albeit in a very small quantity . ''
Nobody knows what gives a pink diamond its distinctive colour , and they can be worth 50 times the value of a white diamond .
Earlier this month a 118.28-carat white diamond sold for a record HK $ 238.68 million ( $ 31.8 million ) at auction in Hong Kong .
Wyndham East Kimberley Shire president John Moulden hopes their community will benefit from the success of Rio 's diamond tender .
`` What we expect the life of the Argyle mine to be , what comes out of it is going to be increasingly valuable , '' they said .
`` Tourism is hugely important here and I think this sort of thing can only do good things for us . ''
ABC/AFP
Topics : diamonds , industry , business-economics-and-finance , argyle-6239 , wa , australia
First posted
Journaling is essential to creativity .
If you 're religious about keeping an art journal , or carry around a notebook… you know exactly what I ” m talking about . If you do n't , well… you 're probably thinking about those “ Dear Diary ” entries you used to write back in middle school , or maybe you 've seen some beautiful art journals and you 're thinking they 're just for “ artists ” .
But that is totally not the case .
I 'm sure you 've heard others talk about journals , probably saw some pics on flickr , and maybe even seen some classes about it too . So what 's all the hype about ? Because it works . Journaling works . It keeps your creativity flowing , sets you free , gives you a place to be yourself and create without fear . It energizes you , inspires you . You 're not worrying about ruining a canvas , or disappointing a customer , or loosing sales .
You just get to play .
Do n't think that journaling is just for “ artists ” . It does n't have to be all about mixed media or painting if you do n't want it to . Journaling is for everyone… doctors , writers , mothers , painters , bakers , you name it .
You can do anything with your journal . Do you have ideas ? Do you have dreams ? Do you want to be more creative ? Why would you want to loose all of those wonderful insights and ideas you get everyday ? Write them down ! Sketch those stunning views you see . If you hear an inspiring quote , record it and doodle around it… you get the idea .
And nevermind all of those magnificent art journal pages you see all over the net . Pay no mind . You know why they 're so good ? Because they 've been doing this for years . It will take quite some time for you to get as good as them ( and you will if you keep at it ) .
It 's not a beauty contest like they make it out to be . Journaling is about practice , growth , exploration . This journal is for YOU and you only . You do n't need to share it with the world . You may not even be proud of the first few hundred pages , but that does n't matter . What matters is that you keep doing it . Keep writing , keep sketching , keep painting , keep PLAYING . It 's your free ticket to experiment , record your inspirations , test out new mediums , or learn new techniques . Do it for yourself as the audience .
Think of it like your creativity records .
So are you ready to give it a try ? Journaling can free your creativity , and get you into the flow . And what 's more , is that when you get stuck for ideas on a project , all you have to do is flip through one of your journals . It 's like a customized inspiration book just for you .
If you already journal , what tips can you give to those who are just starting out ?
If you have yet to start , what 's stopping you ? Leave a comment below !
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Oct. 9 , 2014 , 3:29 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 9 , 2014 , 2:54 PM GMT
The widening Ebola epidemic is reminiscent of the health threat caused by AIDS , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday , urging action so Ebola `` is not the world 's next AIDS . ''
`` In the 30 years I 've been working in public health , the only thing like this has been AIDS , '' CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said at a World Bank and International Monetary Fund annual meeting in Washington , D.C. , where many countries pledged funds and services to try to stem the virus ravaging West Africa . `` And we have to work now so that this is not the world 's next AIDS . ''
AIDS also started in Africa , and experts agree it spread to cause a global pandemic because the world was slow to recognize it and fight it . Many leaders denied the virus caused the disease , and others blamed the patients for catching it .
Frieden spoke a day after Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died in a Dallas hospital . Meanwhile , in West Africa , 8,033 people have been diagnosed with Ebola and 3,879 have died , the World Health Organization said Wednesday , adding that the true numbers were almost definitely higher .
AIDS has killed 36 million people since it started a pandemic in the 1980s . The human immunodeficiency virus that causes AIDS currently infects about 35 million people . Like Ebola , HIV is spread through bodily fluids .
IN-DEPTH
—Elizabeth Chuck
GUEST :
In the 1930s , my parents went to an estate sale in New Haven , Connecticut , and they bought it . And I know that they did n't pay much money for it , because they did n't have any money . It 's been in the family for over 60 years .
APPRAISER :
That 's wonderful . This particular glass was made at Tiffany in around 1914 . Tiffany was owned and operated by Louis Comfort Tiffany , who was the son of Charles Tiffany , the founder of Tiffany and Company . This particular glass is called aquamarine glass . It was produced for a very short period of time . The glass resembles seawater . And when they first made this , they put a lot of aquatic life in it . Later on , they added flowers to it . This piece is signed on the bottom . It says `` L.C . Tiffany Favrile , '' and then there is a number also on the bottom . Although the piece is signed , it does n't always mean that it is Tiffany . But only Tiffany made aquamarine glass . It was such a difficult technique that no one has been able to replicate it . This was very costly to make because a lot of the pieces broke . At the time , they would sell these for between $ 200 and $ 250 , and there were very few made . Your piece of glass is worth between $ 30,000 and $ 40,000 . Pretty good .
This article is over 4 years old
Authorities launch violent crackdown on demonstrators after Taipei refuses to shelve trade pact with China
Baton-wielding riot police cleared Taiwan 's cabinet offices of scores of angry protesters opposed to a trade pact with China , escalating tensions over the island 's rapidly developing ties with the communist mainland .
Authorities said they arrested 58 protesters and that 137 were injured , including 24 hospitalised . The crackdown came five days after mainly student demonstrators occupied the nearby legislature to protest the ruling party 's decision to renege on a promised line-by-line review of the trade agreement .
Political protests in Taiwan are common but violent confrontations relatively rare , reflecting the high level of civil discourse resulting from the transition from one-party dictatorship to robust democracy in the mid-1990s .
The protests have been mostly peaceful , attracting tens of thousands of supporters to the government centre .
China 's government has not commented on the protests , although an editorial in the official newspaper Global Times criticised the students ' action .
`` The Taiwanese students lack the courage and determination to commit to regional economic integration , fear losing out and change and only wish to defend the status quo , '' the editorial read , contrasting Taiwan 's hesitation with South Korea 's embrace of the Chinese economy .
On Sunday , the Taiwanese president , Ma Ying-jeou , rejected protesters ' demands to shelve the trade pact , which would open dozens of service sector industries to Chinese investment . It was signed in June by representatives from Taipei and Beijing but awaits ratification by Taiwan 's legislature .
Ma said rejecting the pact would undermine Taiwan 's credibility and harm its economy , which has become increasingly tied to Chinese markets .
Student leaders insist tying Taiwan too closely to China would harm Taiwan 's hard-won democratic freedoms and pave the way for China 's eventual takeover of the island .
China and Taiwan split amid civil war in 1949 and Beijing has long sought to assert its control over the island , using military force if necessary .
ATLANTIC CITY , NJ — A local bro who stopped by the liquidation sale at Trump 's bankrupt Taj Mahal hotel and casino on Thursday afternoon to `` sample '' one of the hotel 's showers in their skivvies was rudely interrupted — then full-on interviewed — by a local TV news crew touring the premises on Facebook Live .
Yet like the best of local bros , our humble intruder remained unwaveringly chill for the entirety of their in-suite interrogation .
See also : An Exclusive Interview With The Bro Who Took A Shower At The Trump Taj Mahal Liquidation Sale
Skip to the video 's 12:30 mark to get straight to the golden Trump Taj Mahal shower scene ( although the rest of the tour is pretty golden , too ) :
`` What are you doing ? '' a newscaster for NJTV asked the bro , as the station 's camera crew packed into a steamed-up bathroom on the 50th floor .
`` I 'm just taking a shower , '' the local bro answered calmly .
`` Why ? '' the newscaster asked .
Screenshot via NJTV/Facebook
Bro : `` Um , I mean , it 's a liquidation sale . They 're giving us a sample , so I wanted to see how the shower was . I thought maybe I could get a free shower . ''
Newscaster : [ Laughs . ]
Bro : `` Also because I have cold water at my house right now . So this is a nice way ... to get a nice little hot shower . ''
Newscaster : `` So your clothing is somewhere out here ?
Bro : `` My clothing 's right there , along with my wallet . See my wallet ? Do n't steal my wallet while I 'm taking a shower ... ! ''
Newscaster : `` I wo n't do that . ''
Bro : `` But I was wondering , do you guys have any soap , or shampoo ? Or a towel ? ''
Newscaster : `` Ca n't help you . ''
Bro : `` Ca n't help me ? ''
Newscaster : `` No , sorry . ''
Bro : `` OK , um , have a nice day . If you find anything , let me know — it 's pretty wet . ''
Newscaster : `` We 'll keep an eye open . ''
Bro : `` Thank you . ''
Newscaster : `` Thank you . ''
The cameraperson then panned to the bro 's clothes — a pair of khaki shorts , a white T , some sneakers and a trucker hat , all crumpled into a pile on the sink counter — then back to the bro , who at that moment emerged refreshed from their shower sesh and wrapped two for-sale pillowcases around their waist in a characteristically chill ( and mostly unsuccessful ) attempt to `` cover up . ''
Sampling one of the most expensive showers in the Trump Taj Mahal Hotel and Casino during liquidation sale @ Ilikedavedaily # HailWV pic.twitter.com/UJt5cBz0Pl
— Barstool WVU ( @ WVUBarstool ) July 6 , 2017
And that , friends , is how you win the Trump Taj Mahal liquidation sale .
For more coverage from the scene , read Patch 's exclusive report : `` Trump Taj Mahal Stormed By Bargain Hunters Seeking Weird Old Hotel Stuff . ''
Pictured at top : An employee of a liquidation company waits for customers at the former Trump Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City N.J. on Thursday , July 6 moments before a sale of the casino hotel 's contents begins . Included in the items for sale were crystal chandeliers from Austria that now-President Donald Trump bought for the casino when they opened it in 1990 . The casino shut down last year under different ownership . ( AP Photo/Wayne Parry )
ADVERTISEMENT :
JA : Ahem . I now call the weekly # MTGFINANCE cartel meeting to order . Let us waste no time ; time is money , and we all love money . The masses are still angry over the Gaddock Teeg spike a few weeks ago , and they have rightly decided to point blame at our shadowy cabal . However , this fury and passion from the average player is trivial in our grand plan . The sheep shall have no choice but to buy our $ 75 Auriok Champions , drawn in by the money machine named “ Modern. ” While they may recognize there is puppeteering behind their pathetic children 's card game , it is impossible for them to pin down who exactly is pulling the strings . They are forced to submit to the almighty addictive power of this game , and we shall become infinitely more wealthy with each passing day . Now , will each of the cartel members present their successful market manipulations ? The sooner that we finish our reports , the sooner we can begin to bathe in the money pit .
DJ : My Heartless Summoning plot worked brilliantly . The weak-minded fools still believe that I only bought 100 copies one year ago , instead of my actual purchase : 100,000 copies in the past week . I have personally manipulated the price up to a stable $ 6 TCGplayer mid from the minuscule 50 cents that it was mere weeks ago , and I will slowly trickle my cards back onto the market as planned . $ 60,000 was a small price to pay those couple of mindless drones to play the Heartless Eldrazi deck and generate hype for my scheme . No one actually wants to play that pathetic pile of 75 cards . My estimated profit from this buyout is… a lot of money .
TA : On a similar note , the Inquisition of Kozilek buyout marks another success in our plot to force the price of that Eldrazi deck into the four-digit range . While the piles of cash that I acquired from this single-person buyout is a cute way for me to pay for my newest fleet of Ferraris , the true reward is the unmatched arousal I feel when reading the complaints of the poors . We can continue to blame the players for this spike , even though there is only one recorded instance of another human being wanting to build this black Eldrazi deck . Everything is coming to fruition , and I plan to spike Inquisition of Kozilek once again in approximately four days .
JC : Day 1456 : The players still believe that I am one of them , and I have gleaned much information about their laughable cognitive processes and dissociation from basic economics . My test post on the Hype-Generation Subreddit was successful , and confirms a new weapon in our arsenal for manipulating the price of Magic : The Gathering cards that have zero competitive applicability in any format . Spellskite is now a $ 40 card for no reason whatsoever , and despite there being no actual demand for the card , some smoke and mirrors have led to this new price being set in stone . But hey , I 'm not sure such a small spike is worth my time , so instead of releasing my 600 copies onto the market , I will distribute them throughout the office as coffee coasters . On another note , Johnson , you owe me half of your 400 Spellskites as a result of our wager . I have bested you in fair and honest # MTGFINANCE combat , and you will uphold your end of the bargain .
CH : My attempt at shadowy market manipulation did not succeed as well as the rest of yours . While I also made a written submission to the Hype-Generation Subreddit , the price on Urabrask the Hidden did n't even move enough for me to buy one Ferrari with my winnings . The low-level speculators outside of the cartel were able to point out my plot successfully , so we will have to wait until next month to attempt another buyout on the New Phyrexia Praet-
JA : Shut up , CH . We will now adjourn to the money pits . Meeting adjourned until January 12 , 2016 , at exactly 1:30 a.m. EST .
I 'm Back , Baby
‘ Sup nerds ? You may remember me from my masterpiece article like five months ago , and now I 'm back again to shed some light on the Magic financial world when it needs me most .
You already know why my expertise is needed , right ? Prices have been absolutely crazy over these past few weeks , and I 'm here to save the freaking day and expose the evil Cartel Aristocrats for the market manipulators that they truly are . The above documentation with the fancy slanted lettering is a perfectly accurate transcribing from their most recent secret meeting . I managed to sneak in by disguising myself as one of them , which was n't hard considering how insanely rich I am .
ADVERTISEMENT :
What 's that ? One of the guys in there has “ DJ ” as their initials ? Yeah , do n't worry about that . No relation . Dude was freaking handsome , though . Seriously , drop-dead gorgeous . But me ? I was just a fly on the wall , writing down some serious # MTGFINANCE truths to drop on you , the precious reader .
As you can tell by my daring journalism efforts that would put Corbin Hosler to shame , these buyouts are real . I mean , sure , I tend to buy and sell a bunch of Magic cards on a level that would make most of you weep , but buyouts… ? I would never partake in such an evil , organized effort to isolate a certain card on the market and purchase all of the copies available for hopes of selling it for more later on . While buyouts are an effective way of making easy money , today I fight for the people , and the player .
These buyouts are obviously a concerted effort by an organized group of fat cats at an attempt to ruin # MTGFINANCE for the rest of us , while simultaneously making themselves very rich . ( Maybe even richer than me , and that 's something that I just ca n't stand for . ) I will help you all stand up against this shadowy cabal of evil speculators , and I 'm not even going to charge you for it . What a benevolent writer I am ( although I 'll probably definitely put it down as a tax-write off ) !
So let 's work together and get Heartless Summoning back down to 50 cents . Do n't worry though , we wo n't stop there . We 'll get Inquisition of Kozilek to drop back down to its ' original price of $ 13 , because there 's no true demand . After all , Modern season does n't even start for a couple of months ! How could anyone possibly need copies before that ?
ADVERTISEMENT :
But DJ , How ? ! ?
Do n't worry , ladies and gents . I possess a secret strategy honed by a combination of practice , training , and natural-born talent . Every single plan has a fatal flaw , and I know exactly how to make their empire crumble . We can take down these speculators , together , with the power of teamwork ! ! !
Fortunately for us , these multi-billionaire speculators have one fatal weakness that will be their ultimate downfall : “ Do n't buy cards. ” That 's it . As long as you do n't purchase their cards at their inflated prices , then they do n't get the satisfaction of swindling you out of your hard-earned cash dollars ( I mean , you should still buy my cards , but do n't buy theirs . Trust me ) . Now here 's where the real magic happens .
If Spooky Speculator A ca n't sell Spellskites at $ 40 and wants to make their money back , they have to drop the price , maybe to $ 38 or so . If we all work together and hold up our metaphorical picket signs and say , “ We wo n't pay your outrageous price on Spellskites ! This card should be $ 1.30 , ” then the price drops even more , because the cartel has to move copies in order to make money . While this will be difficult , it 's theoretically possible . Here 's an accurate scientific model of all of us working together to beat the cartel financiers .
Unless…
Now , I said before that every single strategy and plan has a weakness . Unfortunately , that includes my brilliant anti-marketing scheme . If somehow I got my intel wrong ( not likely ) , and somehow these price spikes were caused by actual player demand… then there would be an issue with our heroic plot . True player demand would suggest that our unified boycotting efforts were meaningless , because some psychopaths actually bought the cards to play with in their decks . Our powers of friendship and teamwork will be useless to stop these people from buying copies to play with at the new prices .
However , I 'm sure we have nothing to worry about . None of these buyouts generated from low supply , player demand , or people wanting to prepare for a format . It was all # MTGFINANCE speculators . Trust me : I saw the cartel speak and share stories with my own eyes .
174
ADVERTISEMENT :
The decision of nine Muslim organisations to ask the Supreme Court to allow minor Muslim girls get married has evoked opposition from a Kerala activist and a students ' group Saturday .
The nine organisations ' leaders met here Friday and nominated K. Bapu Musaliyar as the chairperson and Indian Union Muslim League leader C.P . Mayin Haji as the convenor of a newly-formed Samithi to approach the apex court .
Muslim activist V.P . Suhra Saturday said they were opposed to the suggestion as allowing marriage of Muslim girls under 18 years would curtail their freedom .
The Muslim Students Federation expressed anguish over the plan to move the top court and seek approval for marriage of minor Muslim girls .
The federation said early marriage of Muslim girls prevented them from studying and curtailed their progress in life .
The decision of the Muslim organisations to move the apex court has come at a time when last month half a dozen people were arrested in Kozhikode after a 17 year Muslim girl complained that they were forced to marry a UAE national who , after 17 days of marriage , dumped them and returned to their country .
The Forward has chronicled the experiences of Jews in the United States for 120 years . Initially published as a Yiddish-language lifeline for those who fled hatred and strife in Europe , in recent years it had to work harder to stay relevant to a community now largely assimilated , finding new stories to tell about transgender rabbis , the challenges of interfaith marriage and even the “ secret Jewish history of The Who . ”
Then came 2016 , and a sudden clarification of its mission that would be strikingly familiar to the publication 's founders : covering the rise of public displays of anti-Semitism .
“ There 's something different happening now , ” Jane Eisner , The Forward 's editor-in-chief , said in a recent interview in their office , where a photo of the publication 's founder , Abraham Cahan , peered from the wall . “ And here I 'm speaking not just as a journalist , but as a close observer of the American Jewish scene . I feel it 's my responsibility as a writer and editor to illuminate that for people . ”
Since the summer of 2016 , about a year before The Forward went from being a weekly newspaper to a monthly magazine , it has beefed up its coverage of the so-called alt-right ; assigned a reporter to go to white nationalist rallies like the one in Charlottesville , Va. , in August , which featured chants like “ Jews will not replace us ” ; and pursued more investigative reporting .
HANOI ( Reuters ) - Vietnam 's National Assembly voted on Tuesday to abandon plans to build two multi-billion-dollar nuclear power plants with Russia and Japan , after officials cited lower demand forecasts , rising costs and safety concerns .
A man sits behind a model of a Japanese Mitsubishi nuclear reactor at the World Nuclear Power 2012 exhibition in Hanoi , Vietnam October 26 , 2012 . REUTERS/Kham/File Photo
The vote to scrap the country 's first atomic energy project deals a blow to the global nuclear business and to Japan 's drive to begin exporting reactors after the Fukushima disaster left its nuclear industry in a deep freeze .
The Vietnamese government said in a statement that the decision , made in a closed session of parliament after discussion of a government proposal , was taken for economic reasons and not because of any technological considerations .
Russia 's Rosatom and a consortium of Japanese firms led by private utility Japan Atomic Power [ JATOM.UL ] were due to build the plants .
The estimated investment needed for the projects had doubled since 2009 to nearly 400 trillion dong ( $ 18 billion ) , state media Tien Phong quoted Le Hong Tinh , vice chairperson of the National Assembly 's science , technology and environment commission , as saying earlier this month .
The Vietnamese government is fiscally strapped as public debt lingers near the permitted limit , curbing its ability to maintain Vietnam as one of Asia 's fastest-growing economies through spending .
Growth in power demand in Vietnam is also forecast to slacken .
When the government approved plans for the two plants in 2009 , growth in Vietnam 's annual power demand was projected at 17-20 percent .
Duong Quang Thanh , chairperson of state utility Vietnam Electricity group , was quoted by state-run Voice of Vietnam radio recently as saying that annual growth between 2016 and 2020 was now forecast at 11 percent , and 7-8 percent through 2030 .
Vietnam 's decision to scrap the project is a further setback for the nuclear industry as countries from Germany to Indonesia have decided to either pull out of nuclear energy or cancel development plans in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan in 2011 , the world 's worst since Chernobyl in 1986 .
Environmental campaign group Greenpeace , however , welcomed the decision to drop the nuclear plan , saying it would have been a waste of money when renewable energy alternatives are available .
“ The project could also pose an environmental threat , and Vietnam can not afford to risk another disaster after a toxic industrial leak triggered mass fish deaths earlier this year , ” Greenpeace Regional Campaign Coordinator Arif Fiyanto told Reuters .
A toxic leak sullied over 200 km ( 125 miles ) of coastline in April . The country 's worst environmental disaster , it killed more than 100 tonnes of fish and left thousands jobless .
The Japanese and Russian nuclear plants were due to have been located in central Ninh Thuan province . They would have had a combined capacity of 4,000 megawatts .
“ We respect our customer 's position , and we are ready to provide the full support to Vietnam when the country continues the implementation of its national nuclear power program , ” Russia 's Rosatom said in an emailed comment .
Rosatom , however , is not fully pulling out of Vietnam . The state-run company said it would continue taking part in developing nuclear technologies and infrastructure , which should support peaceful nuclear energy in Vietnam , it said without elaborating .
Paris might be acting contrary to the plans of the G20 against tax avoidance by multinationals but Alternatives Economiques favours the move :
“ France is reinforcing the trend towards bilateral agreements . ... Just as the British have done , and the Italians too . The most important thing , however , is that Trump essentially wants to offer tax amnesty to the top US corporations , giving them an opportunity to bring their profits stored in offshore tax havens back home at lower rates of taxation . Once the money is back in the United States , it means that less is available for other countries to demand in taxes . Seen this way France is right not to hesitate too long , even if it is regrettable that the bilateral battles will weaken international efforts as a result . ”
The village in Rohtak , Haryana , where a young couple was killed on Wednesday
On Wednesday evening , a village in Haryana looked on as a girl was lynched by their family , and a boy beheaded . Hours ago , they had returned to the village , thinking that their families would finally allow them to marry.The girl 's parents and uncle have been arrested and their brother is missing since the crime , a shocking example of medieval-style killings in the name of 'family honour ' in Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda 's hometown , Rohtak , and in a village just 80 km from the capital.Nidhi Barak , 20 , and Dharmender Barak , 22 , eloped and went to neighbouring Delhi on Tuesday , since their families back in the Gharnavati village did not approve of their relationship . Nidhi was a student of fine arts , while Dharmender was pursuing a technical course.Nidhi 's parents allegedly persuaded them to come back , promising not to harm the young lovers.The police say what followed was hours of torture for the couple at Nidhi 's home , ending with their death . The girl was beaten to death in full public view . The boy was brutally beaten and their arms and legs broken , before they were beheaded . Their headless body was allegedly dumped at a public square in the village.The family of the girl was allegedly caught in the act of cremating her , when a police team arrived . They had been alerted by a villager . The police then took the girl 's half-burnt body and the boy 's remains for a post-mortem.Police say relatives of both the girl and the boy are on the run . Murders like these are chillingly common in villages of Haryana dominated by the diktats of lawless 'Khap panchayats ' who forbid marriages within the same village or same caste . The Haryana Human Rights Commission has taken note of the horrific killings and asked for a report from the police .
“ First of all our young men must be strong . Religion will come afterwards , ” said Swami Vivekananda . “ Be strong , my young friends ; that is my advice to you . You will be nearer to Heaven through football than through the study of the [ Hindu religious text of the Bhagavad ] Gita… You will understand the Gita better with your biceps , your muscles , a little stronger . ”
We in the West have inherited the Christian image — and I would say , largely a false image — of the spiritual or enlightened man : self-sacrificing , passive , slender , and in a sense anti-physical .
Where Christianity has declined or disappeared , this image and the assumptions of the religion — equality , a focus on — or a belief in — the poor and the outcast , and strong suspicion of the physical body , especially physical strength — have become the major motifs of politics .
But the traits we associate with spirituality and intelligence are not necessarily accepted by either non-Western or pre-modern cultures .
If we look to the East , we find that the Buddha — a prince in their earlier life — was said to be skilled in martial arts ; Krishna revealed their teachings on the battlefield , urging their disciple to fight . Then , of course , there are the Shaolin warrior monks , who developed Kung-Fu . So , too , in pre-Christian Europe , the gods prepare for a final cataclysmic batter : Ragnarok .
“ God is not to be reached by the weak , ” says Swami Vivekananda . “ Never be weak . You have infinite strength within you . How else will you conquer anything ? How else will you come to God ? ”
If we have infinite strength , physical and mental , is n't it a blasphemy to cultivate weakness within ourselves ? Certainly , it is . Yet , today , across the West , we see not only a loathing of the strong , muscular physical body in regard to men ( and feminine beauty in regard to women ) , but we see college students calling for the banning of ideas with which they disapprove ( but have never engaged ) , the banning of speakers with which they disagree , and even for the establishment of “ safe spaces ” on campus .
This is both an anti-intellectual and anti-body environment . Although the figure of the false Jesus-like male invariably turns up here , against both physical and mental strength , it is essentially an anti-spiritual movement .
It is a movement , or , really , a mob , designed to keep people locked into certain beliefs , but not to understand them . Learning , understanding , awakening , self-development , and character or cultivating inner strength all require the individual to consider ideas different to , and even contrary to , their beliefs . They may or may not change their views . But they should at least understand their own better by doing so .
True spirituality , as would be understood by Swami Vivekananda , ancient tribes , martial arts lineages , Buddhism in the East ( especially Vajrayana Buddhism ) , Hinduism in India ( especially Tantra ) , and even Freemasonry ( with its symbolism of death — the dagger , and so on ) , requires not safe spaces but dangerous spaces — that is to say , spaces of cultivation through a kind of positive-opposition to the disciple , student , or initiate . Such spaces are not reckless , but designed to push the individual beyond what they believe their limits are ( but in fact are not ) .
Cultivating physical and mental strength means cultivating inner and outer peace . It is not only an act of self-reliance , it is a real self-sacrifice — sacrificing one 's pettiness through focus , the pain of physical exercise and inner-growth — to one 's society that should benefit from having more men and women who are noble in mind , body , and spirit .
Today , we have come to mistake the shallow appearance of niceness for the substance of inner peace , attained through strength . This is an enormous trap .
“ Nice guys ” are usually not that nice . A man whose body is weak , and who is easily intimidated must avoid violence . Such a man is not peaceful . They are merely forced to be subservient . “ Peacefulness ” and “ enlightenment ” and “ spirituality ” become a pose — excuses not to engage in confrontations . It is not merely a case of avoiding physical violence , but even in expressing their feelings to their girlfriend , for example , if it could lead to a heated discussion . Because they do not do what they believe is good for him , and because they expect others to act as weakly toward them when they want something from them , inside of the “ nice guy ” boils resentment that they do not get theirs way .
We see this frustration played out in other ways , imposing itself on society .
In the past , weak-bodied priests talked viciously about God 's “ love , ” and warned of hell fire for anyone who disagreed , while religious schools often meted out harsh punishments to boys and girls , traumatizing them for life .
Today , we see a new expression of the same old fear : Large groups of “ peaceful protesters ” screaming , shouting , threatening , committing acts of vandalism , and even sometimes physically attacking a lone individual who has had the nerve to say something with which they disagree . All of this happens for some alleged ideal — usually some secular variation of Christianity 's universal harmony among humankind — which melts away the moment it becomes an inconvenience . Alone , each member of the mob is utterly without strength .
As Swami Vivekananda said , “ strength is life , weakness is death. ” Choose life . Cultivate physical strength . Make it a foundation for authentic inner peace , for cultivating higher qualities , confidence and focus , and make it a shield against the winds of modernity that blow this way then that , ever changing , always howling , always empty .
Supporters of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders clashed in Las Vegas on Saturday and it got so out of hand , cops descended on the ballroom and threatened arrests .
Convention attendee and YouTube user Anie H. posted several photos of the action , as announcements were made over the loud speaker to leave the Paris Hotel or risk being arrested .
They said Las Vegas Metropolitan police entered from the back of the room and went to the front , and “ they are literally going to force us to leave the room . ”
As they spoke , people could be seen shouting and waving their fists and signs .
“ So much for unity , ” they said , as a man could be heard yelling , “ Sit down ! ”
Meanwhile , another video showed a man lying on the floor near the front of the room .
“ Stay back , ” a person shouted .
“ We need a medic in the front , we need a medic in the front , ” a woman could be heard saying .
RELATED : VIDEO : Nevada Hillary supporters register AFTER voting ?
In another cell phone clip , Anie H. said , “ They 're threatening us with arrest if we do not leave the convention site right now . ”
“ Bernie or bust ! ” a man shouted over the loud speaker .
“ Everybody please leave out of here peacefully , ” another man said , “ and I promise you , we will pursue any and all remedies available under the law . Please leave ! ”
Attendees could be seen filing out , while others milled about .
“ Shame on you Nevada Republican — oops — Democratic party , ” Anie H. narrated .
Ashley Ector tweeted a photo of the police lining the front of the room . They referred to them as “ brown shirts . ”
@ rlange9 Run away and let the brown shirts handle it . This is not how American democracy works ! # nvdemconvention pic.twitter.com/gxphWOomF6 — Ashley Ector ( @ dynhamohum ) May 15 , 2016
The Las Vegas Sun reports there was “ palpable tension ” in the room .
“ I think this was of course the fault of the party , ” Sanders supporter Angie Morelli tells the paper . “ We would 've been able to do more democratic things , but the way they decided to do it messed us up . ”
Sanders supporters were demanding a recount and were alleging a number of their delegates were not recognized at the convention .
Ever heard of the “ Spartan Death Race ” ?
You can click here for an Endurance Planet audio interview with the Spartan Death Race race director Joe DeSana and get filled in on the nitty-gritty details , but here 's the cliff notes :
“ There are millions of running races , thousands of marathons , hundreds of triathlons and dozens of ultramarathons but there is only one Spartan Death Race . Held annually since 2005 in the small town of Pittsfield , VT , the Spartan Death Race gives up to 200 ultra-endurance athletes the chance to test their mental and physical prowess like no other event on earth . On average only 15 % of the competitors finish the event . Remarkable when you consider the competitors are among the toughest and most seasoned endurance athletes on earth . The hurdle and challenge-driven race requires competitors to complete a series of ( 15-20 ) grueling mental and physical challenges throughout a 40-mile course that runs through the Vermont woods . During the Death Race , competitors may be asked to chop wood for 2-hours , carry a 20-lb stump around for hours , lift 10-30 lbs rocks for 5-hours ; build a fire , cut a bushel of onions , crawl through mud under barbed wire , or after 20-hours of racing , memorize the names of the first 10 U.S. Presidents or a Bible verse , hike to the top of a mountain and recite them back in order .
Unlike other endurance races that offer a detailed map , Death Racers have no idea what to expect next as the course map and list of challenges are kept secret . This provides competitors with one of their biggest challenges as the length of the race can range from 24-48 hours . For an endurance athlete , not knowing where the light is at the end of the tunnel can be sheer torture . ”
Alright then .
So maybe the death race is n't for you , but you 're still considering jumping into your local , relatively innocent obstacle race .
I got news for you : you still got ta be ready for some physical and mental curveballs .
Get The Low Carb Athlete - 100 % Free ! Eliminate fatigue and unlock the secrets of low-carb success . Sign up now for instant access to the book ! Email * I 'm interested in ... * Fat Loss Gaining Muscle Having More Energy Competition & Racing Biohacking Mind & Body Anti-Aging Injuries/Pain Just Help To get Started ! Other/Anything Else Yes , hook me up !
So today 's guest post by Joe Vennare of Race Day Domination tells you exactly how to be ready for your Obstacle Race , Mud Run , Spartan Race or Tough Mudder , and gives you a sample obstacle course race workout .
Take it away Joe…
The Ultimate Guide to Get Ready for an Obstacle Race , Mud Run , Spartan Race or Tough Mudder
Combining elements of adventure racing , trail running and a military challenge courses , obstacle races like Tough Mudder and the Spartan Race have sparked a recreation revolution . Instead of participating in a local 5k as a means of getting fit or socializing with friends , an increasing number of people are turning to obstacle racing for their fitness and amusement fix .
If you 're looking for an exciting event that offers a daunting physical challenge , then you can follow this handy post to prepare for your obstacle course race .
Selecting a Race
Races vary with respect to distance , difficulty and level of competition . Whether you are looking for a good time or a challenging workout , you can choose between a race that is a party among friends or another that is a grueling test of physical abilities . Spend some time looking into the different races , becoming familiar with the race course , various obstacles and components of the event , before completing your registration .
Training
Obstacle racing is different than the average 5k or marathon . Think more along the lines of an adventure race with muddy trails and military style obstacles . Be prepared for sprinting , climbing , jumping , crawling and in some instances swimming . To train for this type of event , focus your training on strength , cardiovascular stamina and hybrid fitness .
Strength
To take on the challenges encountered during a race you need to be able to transport your own body weight over , under , around or through obstacles . Building strength relative to your body weight by using functional and dynamic movements is most beneficial . Body weight exercises such as push-ups , triceps dips , pull-ups and squats can be used to create a foundation of strength . Then include athletic and explosive movements such as kettlebell swings , jump squats , burpees and box jumps will help improve balance and leg strength .
Stamina
Obstacle racing requires a solid base of cardiovascular fitness . Running long distances is not essential because these races tend to take place in bursts or intervals , varying between running and the obstacles . To improve this type of cardiovascular fitness , include 2-3 days of run specific workouts into your training program . Look to include one long run , high intensity sprints and hills climbs .
Hybrid Fitness
Combine strength training and cardiovascular workouts into one hybrid training session by pairing sprints with push-ups . Train grip strength by completing farmer 's walks , transport an awkward or heavy object using a weighted sled or improve wear a weighted vest during a workout to improve leg and core strength .
Training for an obstacle race is a fun way to get in shape and stay motivated . Whether you are searching for a competitive outlet or camaraderie , you are sure to benefit from the sense of accomplishment that comes with achieving a new and unique goal .
A Sample Obstacle Course Race Workout
Using the methods described above , here 's what an obstacle course race workout would look like :
Dynamic warm-up , then –
Run @ 400m ( or 60-90 seconds hard as possible )
25x Kettlebell or Dumbbell Swings
Run @ 400m
25x Burpees
Run @ 400m
25x Kettlebell or Dumbbell Thrusters
Run @ 400m
25x Push-ups
Repeat up to 3 times as a circuit , with minimal rest .
Race Day Essentials
When race day rolls around , you do n't want you forgetting anything . Use these checklists to make sure you have everything you need to dominate your race .
What to Wear
You are going to get dirty and probably trash your clothes . Wear clothing , shoes , and gear that you would n't mind discarding after the race .
If you plan to compete like an athlete , plan to dress like one . Consider compression shorts , tights , tops , and/or socks . Cotton and baggy clothing is a bad choice . It will slow you down and get snagged on obstacles .
Race in something you have trained in . Do n't wear something straight out of the box .
Opt for trail running or off-road shoes .
Consider athletic or weight lifting gloves to help with grip and to protect your hands .
What to Bring
Hydration pack
Knee , elbow , or leg protection , pads , or compression sleeves
Sunscreen
Athletic or medical tape
Watch and/or heart rate monitor
Post Race
Bring a change of clothes , towel , and toiletries to be warm and dry for the post race party
Have some extra cash on hand for food and merchandise
Enjoy the race and post-race activities
Dominate Your Race
If you 're preparing to take on an obstacle course race or mud run then you need to check out Race Day Domination . It 's the only fitness program designed specifically for obstacle racers and mud runners . Race Day Domination features 24 weeks of detailed workouts full of high-intensity strength and cardio that will train you to go over around or through any obstacle you encounter .
Here 's a Race Day Domination video that tells you more :
So what about YOU ? Are you signed up for an obstacle race ? Have you done one before and have a gory story to tell ? Share your thoughts below for bragging rights .
Current Italy coach Conte will head to Stamford Bridge following Euro 2016 , having previously led Juve to three successive Serie A titles from 2012-14 .
And Ancelotti , who won the Premier League and FA Cup during the first of two seasons in west London from 2009-11 , is confident that the 46-year-old - who featured in four Champions League finals as a player - can follow in the footsteps of other popular Italian managers at Chelsea over the past 18 years .
Coming to England from Italy , they will find a different world : less pressure , no violence , full stadiums
Speaking exclusively in the July 2016 issue of FourFourTwo magazine , the new Bayern Munich boss says : “ Conte is a hard worker : really serious , really professional and always focused on their job . Chelsea are getting a top manager who will look at all the little details .
“ Coming to England from Italy , they will find a different world : less pressure , no violence , a great atmosphere , full stadiums – just totally different from Italy at this moment . They can definitely be a success at Chelsea .
“ The club has a lucky relationship with Italians . There was Gianluca Vialli , me , and then Roberto Di Matteo , who helped them to win the Champions League . ”
Despite winning the Double in 2009/10 , a trophyless campaign meant the affable Ancelotti had been sacked a year later , less than two hours after the Blues ' final match of the season - a 1-0 defeat against Everton at Goodison Park .
Did Chelsea ask me to return to the club last year ? No , no . But I would have no problem going back to Chelsea . My experience with Chelsea , and in English football , was fantastic
Nevertheless , the three-time Champions League-winning coach insists they would happily return to Stamford Bridge in the future , and denied that they were contacted about replacing Jose Mourinho last term .
“ Did Chelsea ask me to return to the club last year ? No , no . But I would have no problem going back to Chelsea . My experience with Chelsea , and in English football , was fantastic . ”
Read the full One-on-One interview with Carlo Ancelotti in the July 2016 issue of FourFourTwo magazine , which also features an exclusive chat with former Manchester United and Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez , focuses on the potential headline-makers at Euro 2016 and previews the upcoming Copa America Centenario . Also this month : the league where every match takes place in one stadium , the kick that killed a football career and the views of Leicester City fans following an unforgettable season for the Foxes . Go get it , then subscribe !
`` Vote for the crook , not the fascist ! '' So urged the French newspaper Libération on the morning of April 23 , 2002 . The paper 's editors had woken up to a reality that few thought possible . Following the first round of the presidential election , the incumbent president , Jacques Chirac -- long suspected of campaign finance shenanigans -- would meet Jean-Marie Le Pen -- the foul-mouthed leader of the anti-Semitic and authoritarian National Front -- in the second and decisive round of voting two weeks later .
The Republic seemed , suddenly and unexpectedly , in danger .
In the wake of yet another round of U.S. presidential primary elections , Americans might be having this sense of déjà vu all over again . Donald Trump , whom Jean-Marie Le Pen recently endorsed , is closing in on the Republican nomination . Meanwhile , Hillary Clinton collects Democratic delegates as quickly as they collected speaking honoraria from banks and brokerage houses . Chances are that just as Chirac trounced Le Pen , so too will Clinton defeat Trump .
But this may not be the happy ending we imagine it to be .
In 2002 , the word `` decline '' was on most everyone 's lips in France . The country 's flailing economy had deepened the so-called fractures sociales , or social fissures knifing across social classes . At the same time , the forces of globalization and immigration seemed to be erasing the nation 's borders and undermining the sense of national identity . In essence , France seemed to be dividing between what the sociologist Christophe Guilluy calls the `` metropole '' and `` periphery . '' The former , home to professional classes benefitting from great technological and commercial changes , have become the electoral bases for the major parties on the right and left . Those unable to find employment in this world , however , gravitate toward the peripheral zones , mostly ignored by the mainstream parties . Both conservatives and socialists have failed to measure , Guilluy argues , `` the ideological and cultural abyss that now separates them from these modest social classes . ''
The abyss was measured to Jean-Marie Le Pen 's outsized dimensions . When not dismissing the Holocaust as `` a detail of history '' or reminiscing about the collaborationist Vichy regime , Le Pen was blaming Muslims as the source of France 's economic and social ills . In their speeches , immigration morphed into an invasion , while Islam boiled down to terrorism . Though hauled several times into court for inciting racial hatred , Le Pen nevertheless persisted , warning France that when the Muslim population grows from 5 million to 25 million , `` they will be calling the shots while we will walk past them with our heads bowed . ''
In the second round of elections , more than four-fifths of the French cast their votes for Chirac -- or , rather , against Le Pen and their toxic values . But it is important to recall , as we try to make sense of the Trump phenomenon , that the massive rejection of Le Pen was the best thing that ever happened to the Front National . The party was largely Le Pen 's personal vehicle , one that veered between vaudeville and violence , and whose function was to keep their personal brand in the public 's eye . Lacking a national organization and local affiliates , Le Pen was no more prepared to run a national campaign than they were to run the country . No one better understood this than their daughter and current leader , Marine Le Pen , who has transformed what was once a motley collection of anti-Semites and neo-Nazi thugs , Catholic traditionalists and royalists , into a party that has redefined the country 's political landscape . Thanks to the younger Le Pen , France has become a three-party system .
It is a system , however , now infected by the FN 's persistent xenophobic and authoritarian strain . Just as establishment Republicans like Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have sought to match Trump 's anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim harangues , French Républicains like Nicolas Sarkozy have repeatedly targeted `` Arabs '' as a national threat . Just last year , one of Sarkozy 's allies , Nadine Morano , declared that France was a `` country of the white race , '' adding that they did not feel like `` seeing France becoming Muslim . '' Much like Trump 's initial refusal to disavow David Duke 's support , Sarkozy waited three days before condemning Morano 's words and evicting them from the party .
More telling , perhaps , is the political evolution of the FN 's rank and file . They are no longer , as they were in 2002 -- and as Trump 's supporters are in 2016 -- voting their anger at a system that has ignored them . As political scientists like Jean-Yves Camus and Nicolas Lebourg argue , the typical FN voter no longer votes against the mainstream parties or imagined enemies . Instead , they now vote for the FN 's platform of economic protectionism and reinforcement of national borders and `` zero immigration . '' They are , more broadly , voting to give the FN a greater role and voice in the system . These voters increasingly know what they do want as much as what they do n't want .
But the traditional parties still have not fully grasped this truth . They still see the FN as the lightning rod for those fed up with the system , and not as a mature political party that has both the ideas and the means for transforming the system . Not surprisingly , they also tend to be dismissive of the concerns , both cultural and economic , of the workers and small business owners filling the ranks of the FN . The French political class sees these `` peripheral '' men and women as clinging bitterly to their baguettes and berets .
The history of the Front National thus points to the real danger the American system now faces . If Trump does face Clinton in the November election , and is decisively defeated , it will spell the end of their political career . Like their French twin , they will go raging into the night .
But their departure will not spell the end of the movement they rode to the election . The growing number of peripheral Americans , battered by the decline in manufacturing jobs , purchasing power , and professional prospects , are demanding to be heard . One wonders if Clinton 's ease with the minutiae of policy can overcome the unease created by their perceived sense of entitlement . Similarly , one doubts that Trump 's utter disregard for policy will get them any further than it did Jean-Marie Le Pen . But should their movement find a leader with talents that go beyond their gift of bullying and bluster , it may well have the same seismic effect on our political landscape as Marine Le Pen 's FN has had in France : the establishment of an enduring third party with goals antithetical to America 's core values .
( AP Photo )
“ You can say a chicken in every pot , a car in every garage and health care for all , if taken in isolation , ” said Mr. Abbott , a leader among the Republican attorneys general who are suing the federal government in Florida . “ But none of those are good things if it requires breaking the Constitution and breaking the bank to do it . ”
States share in the cost of Medicaid , the government insurance program for the poor , and the new health law will vastly expand eligibility by offering coverage to childless adults
State agency leaders said politics had not interfered to date with that task , or with new requirements to create a health insurance exchange and oversee strict regulations on health insurers .
“ I do n't have any sense that I 'm being held back in any way , ” said Billy Millwee , the state Medicaid director .
That view was echoed by Thomas M. Suehs , the commissioner of health and human services , who said the governor “ expects me to implement the federal law in the most cost-effective , efficient manner . ”
Mr. Perry , who is seeking re-election to a third full term after filling George W. Bush 's seat , declined to be interviewed .
Photo
Obama administration officials , while noting the incongruity , said they had been impressed that politically antagonistic states like Texas were complying with , and taking full advantage of , the new law . The Texas Department of Insurance , for instance , has applied for a planning grant to create a more muscular process for reviewing proposed premium increases , a White House priority .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ That 's sort of the operational norm in Texas , ” said F. Scott McCown , executive director of the Center for Public Policy Priorities , which advocates for safety-net programs in the state . “ Your leadership may be railing against Washington , but federal supremacy still requires that the people in the trenches get the work done . ”
That dynamic may be tested down the road as states decide how aggressively to market the Medicaid expansion that begins in 2014 , when most Americans will be required to obtain coverage .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Texas traditionally has set among the country 's most restrictive Medicaid eligibility thresholds . This has limited its Medicaid rolls , as have burdensome application requirements , outmoded computers , inadequate staffing and difficulties in signing up children born to illegal immigrants .
Mr. Perry , whose antagonism toward Washington is central to their political persona , would seem to be in tune with public opinion . Sixty percent of Texans questioned in May for a University of Texas/Texas Tribune poll said they opposed the health care law . Only 28 percent said they liked it .
The Democratic nominee for governor , Mayor Bill White of Houston , has not made an issue of Mr. Perry 's approach . They said in an interview that they also opposed the health care law because of its potential impact on the federal deficit .
In late April , Mr. Perry announced that Texas would not establish the temporary high-risk insurance pool required by the law , leaving that task to the federal government . Twenty other governors made the same choice , arguing that the new law did not provide enough money for the pools , and that states would be left holding the bag .
Some Democrats find the position inconsistent . “ You ca n't run around saying the federal government wants to take over Texas , but then when we have an opportunity to do it ourselves leave it to the federal government , ” said State Representative Garnet F. Coleman , a Democrat .
Democrats also accuse the Perry administration of producing a sticker-shock cost estimate for the state 's share of Medicaid expansion . To come up with their 10-year projection , Mr. Suehs skipped the law 's first four years , when states bear little cost . They also assumed an increase in enrollment that some analysts say is inflated .
The commissioner projects that 2.3 million people will be added to the Medicaid rolls by 2023 , nearly doubling the current enrollment of 3.1 million . Thanks largely to job losses during the economic downturn , enrollment has surged 12 percent in the past year .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Suehs and other state officials worry about a severe shortage of doctors who are willing to accept low Medicaid payments , which the state is about to cut by 1 percent . They also are concerned about the continuing strain on hospitals from treating an estimated 800,000 uninsured illegal immigrants , who will not be eligible for subsidized coverage under the new law .
But among the reasons the law could be expensive for Texas is the state 's past failure to enroll many of those already eligible for Medicaid . Going forward , Washington will pay a much smaller share of the cost for those recipients than for those who gain coverage because of expanded eligibility .
The federal government would still pay nearly 90 percent of the state 's total costs . But that is providing little comfort in a tax-averse Capitol that faces an $ 18 billion shortfall in its budget over the next two years .
When it comes to sea ice , especially in the arctic , the stooges have been very busy .
It was n't very long ago Shemp and Moe told us that Arctic sea ice was “ about to hit normal. ” Curly got in on the act too . Meanwhile Shemp desperately clings to the belief that the disappearance of arctic sea ice is “ more of a marketing event than a climatological event , ” and seems to think they can estimate sea ice volume better than the pros . I 'm skeptical .
The pros say this :
I suspect they got it right .
The PIOMAS website , in addition to providing this lovely graph , also gives access to some interesting data sets , including sea ice draft as measured by submarines . Draft is the thickness of the ice below the water , which is about 93 % of the total ice thickness . These particular data only go up to the year 2000 , but they still tell an interesting story about arctic sea ice . They were used in
Rothrock et al . 2008 ( The decline in arctic sea-ice thickness : separating the spatial , annual , and interannual variability in a quarter century of submarine data , J. Geophys . Res. , 2008 , VOL . 113 , C05003 , doi:10.1029/2007JC004252 ) to study how arctic sea ice has varied over both geographic location and over time .
Each data record is the average sea ice draft over a short track ( “ short ” meaning usually about 50 km . ) as measured by submarine cruises . The geographical locations of the data values are here ( the North Pole is at the center of the concentric circles , the prime meridian points toward the right , the concentric circles are 5 degrees latitude apart ) :
I studied the data prior to reading Rothrock et al . 's analysis , and my first instinct was to model the ice thickness as a function of time , and of distance from the pole . I modeled the time dependence as a cubic polynomial , the polar-distance dependence as a quartic polynomial , and computed a periodogram allowing for those influences in order to determine the nature of the annual cycle . Although I knew this was only a rough analysis I expected to get a reasonable approximation , and it indicated that ice tended to be thicker at the pole than far from it , that over the time period covered by the data average ice draft had decreased by about 1 meter , and that the annual cycle had an amplitude of about 1 meter as well but showed no sign of higher harmonics in a Fourier analysis .
Rothrock et al . did a similar analysis . To model the spatial variation , they defined an x-y grid for the geographic area and used a 5th-degree ( quintic ) polynomial in x and y . For the time dependence they used a cubic polynomial and a 1st-order Fourier series for the annual cycle . They concluded that the annual cycle had an amplitude of about 1.06 m , and the average thickness declined from 1980 to 2000 by about 1.13 m. Of course this is ice draft , so the thickness is a bit larger — the annual cycle in thickness is about 1.12 m and the trend decline from 1980 to 2000 about 1.25 m .
I reproduced their results , with an interesting thought in mind . The model enables us to model the spatial and temporal variations separately , and even allows us to separate the time trend from the seasonal pattern . So I took the model for the spatial variation + seasonal pattern only , subtracted that from the data , to generate residuals which would still contain the time trend . This enabled me to compare those residuals to the time-trend part of the Rothrock model . Not only would this test the match between the actual time-trend variations ( without the confounding influence of spatial variations or seasonal changes ) and the model , it might reveal departures of the actual time-trend pattern from the modeled pattern .
Here 's the result , i.e. , the data with the spatial and seasonal patterns removed . I 've also superimposed 1-year averages ( in blue ) and the cubic time-trend model ( in red ) :
Just for a clearer view , here 's a close-up on the 1-year averages and cubic model :
These values should reflect the ice thickness at position x = y = 0 ( the pole ) , at their average values throughout the year , so the remaining variation should be mainly the time trend . As you can see , the cubic polynomial model ( red line ) gives a reasonable approximation to these variations but does n't tell the whole story . For one thing , there 's more variation during the 1975-1985 period than the model indicates . For another thing , the model is “ leveling off ” in 2000 but the data are n't — sea ice thickness is still declining .
Another way to eliminate much of the spatial variation is to look at only the data very near the pole . Here 's the result of removing the seasonal pattern from the data at locations north of latitude 85 deg.N :
Here is a close-up on the 1-year averages and the cubic trend model :
Essentially we have the same behavior . Ice draft ( and therefore thickness ) has declined quite a bit , there 's more variation in the 1975-1985 period than the cubic trend model indicates , and the model indicates a leveling off about 2000 but the data do n't , sea ice thickness is still declining apace .
I can almost hear the stooges claiming that those data only go to 2000 , and sea ice has probably thickened since then . Lamentably , there 's very little submarine draft measurement data available after 2000 . But there is laser altimetry data from IceSat which enables study of arctic sea ice thickness during more recent years . That 's the basis of Kwok and Rothrock 2009 , Decline in Arctic sea ice thickness from submarine and ICESat records : 1958–2008 , GRL , VOL . 36 , L15501 , doi:10.1029/2009GL039035 . They conclude that arctic sea ice thickness has continued to decline this past decade .
If you combine all the available information about ice thickness and ice area , you could even come up with an estimate of arctic sea ice volume . That 's exactly what the folks at the University of Washington 's Polar Science Center have done ; their results are shown in the first graph of this post .
Advertisements
Woodrow Wilson addressing Congress , February 3 , 1917
Gentlemen of the Congress :
The Imperial German Government on the thirty-first of January announced to this Government and to the governments of the other neutral nations that on and after the first day of February , the present month , it would adopt a policy with regard to the use of submarines against all shipping seeking to pass through certain designated areas of the high seas to which it is clearly my duty to call your attention .
Let me remind the Congress that on the eighteenth of April last , in view of the sinking on the twenty-fourth of March of the cross-Channel passenger steamer Sussex by a German submarine , without summons or warning , and the consequent loss of the lives of several citizens of the United States who were passengers aboard her , this Government addressed a note to the Imperial German Government in which it made the following declaration :
`` If it is still the purpose of the Imperial Government to prosecute relentless and indiscriminate warfare against vessels of commerce by the use of submarines without regard to what the Government of the United States must consider the sacred and indisputable rules of international law and the universally recognized dictates of humanity , the Government of the United States is at last forced to the conclusion that there is but one course it can pursue . Unless the Imperial Government should now immediately declare and effect an abandonment of its present methods of submarine warfare against passenger and freight-carrying vessels , the Government of the United States can have no choice but to sever diplomatic relations with the German Empire altogether . ''
In reply to this declaration the Imperial German Government gave this Government the following assurance :
`` The German Government is prepared to do its utmost to confine the operations of war for the rest of its duration to the fighting forces of the belligerents , thereby also insuring the freedom of the seas , a principle upon which the German Government believes , now as before , to be in agreement with the Government of the United States .
`` The German Government , guided by this idea , notifies the Government of the United States that the German naval forces have received the following orders :
In accordance with the general principles of visit and search and destruction of merchant vessels recognized by international law , such vessels , both within and without the area declared as naval war zone , shall not be sunk without warning and without saving human lives , unless these ships attempt to escape or offer resistance . `` But , '' it added , `` neutrals can not expect that Germany , forced to fight for their existence , shall , for the sake of neutral interest , restrict the use of an effective weapon if their enemy is permitted to continue to apply at will methods of warfare violating the rules of international law . Such a demand would be incompatible with the character of neutrality , and the German Government is convinced that the Government of the United States does not think of making such a demand , knowing that the Government of the United States has repeatedly declared that it is determined to restore the principle of the freedom of the seas , from whatever quarter it has been violated . ''
To this the Government of the United States replied on the eighth of May , accepting , of course , the assurances given , but adding ,
`` The Government of the United States feels it necessary to state that it takes it for granted that the Imperial German Government does not intend to imply that the maintenance of its newly announced policy is in any way contingent upon the course or result of diplomatic negotiations between the Government of the United States and any other belligerent Government , notwithstanding the fact that certain passages in the Imperial Government 's note of the fourth instant might appear to be susceptible of that construction . In order , however , to avoid any possible misunderstanding , the Government of the United States notifies the Imperial Government that it can not for a moment entertain , much less discuss , a suggestion that respect by German naval authorities for the rights of citizens of the United States upon the high seas should in any way or in the slightest degree be made contingent upon the conduct of any other Government affecting the rights of neutrals and non-combatants . Responsibility in such matters is single , not joint ; absolute , not relative . ''
To this note of the eighth of May the Imperial German Government made no reply .
On the thirty-first of January , the Wednesday of the present week , the German Ambassador handed to the Secretary of State , along with a formal note , a memorandum which contains the following statement :
`` The Imperial Government , therefore , does not doubt that the Government of the United States will understand the situation thus forced upon Germany by the Entente-Allies ' brutal methods of war and by their determination to destroy the Central Powers , and that the Government of the United States will further realize that the now openly disclosed intentions of the Entente-Allies give back to Germany the freedom of action which they reserved in their note addressed to the Government of the United States on May 4 , 1916 .
`` Under these circumstances Germany will meet the illegal measures of their enemies by forcibly preventing after February 1 , 1917 , in a zone around Great Britain , France , Italy , and in the Eastern Mediterranean all navigation , that of neutrals included , from and to England and from and to France , etc. , etc . All ships met within the zone will be sunk . ''
I think that you will agree with me that , in view of this declaration , which suddenly and without prior intimation of any kind deliberately withdraws the solemn assurance given in the Imperial Government 's note of the fourth of May , 1916 , this Government has no alternative consistent with the dignity and honor of the United States but to take the course which , in its note of the eighteenth of April , 1916 , it announced that it would take in the event that the German Government did not declare and effect an abandonment of the methods of submarine warfare which it was then employing and to which it now purposes again to resort .
I have , therefore , directed the Secretary of State to announce to Their Excellency the German Ambassador that all diplomatic relations between the United States and the German Empire are severed , and that the American Ambassador at Berlin will immediately be withdrawn ; and , in accordance with this decision , to hand to Their Excellency their passports .
Notwithstanding this unexpected action of the German Government , this sudden and deeply deplorable renunciation of its assurances , given this Government at one of the most critical moments of tension in the relations of the two governments , I refuse to believe that it is the intention of the German authorities to do in fact what they have warned us they will feel at liberty to do . I can not bring myself to believe that they will indeed pay no regard to the ancient friendship between their people and our own or to the solemn obligations which have been exchanged between them and destroy American ships and take the lives of American citizens in the willful prosecution of the ruthless naval program they have announced their intention to adopt .
Only actual overt acts on their part can make me believe it even now .
If this inveterate confidence on my part in the sobriety and prudent foresight of their purpose should unhappily prove unfounded ; if American ships and American lives should in fact be sacrificed by their naval commanders in heedless contravention of the just and reasonable understandings of international law and the obvious dictates of humanity , I shall take the liberty of coming again before the Congress , to ask that authority be given me to use any means that may be necessary for the protection of our seamen and our people in the prosecution of their peaceful and legitimate errands on the high seas . I can do nothing less . I take it for granted that all neutral governments will take the same course .
We do not desire any hostile conflict with the Imperial German Government . We are the sincere friends of the German people and earnestly desire to remain at peace with the Government which speaks for them . We shall not believe that they are hostile to us unless and until we are obliged to believe it ; and we purpose nothing more than the reasonable defense of the undoubted rights of our people . We wish to serve no selfish ends . We seek merely to stand true alike in thought and in action to the immemorial principles of our people which I sought to express in my address to the Senate only two weeks ago , —seek merely to vindicate our right to liberty and justice and an unmolested life . These are the bases of peace , not war . God grant we may not be challenged to defend them by acts of wilful injustice on the part of the Government of Germany !
With all of the new iPhones and iPads sitting under Christmas trees , the holidays are an important time for the App Store . And today Apple announced that this past holiday season was the biggest for the digital store yet : over the two weeks ending on January 3rd , customers spent a record $ 1.1 billion on apps , as well as in-app purchases .
That includes the biggest single day in the App Store 's history , with $ 144 million in sales on January 1st — the previous biggest day was December 25th , just a few days earlier . In total 2015 saw the App Store take in over $ 20 billion , according to Apple , a sizable increase from the estimated $ 15 billion in sales from 2014 . That means Apple took in around $ 6 billion in revenue for itself . Unsurprisingly , the biggest contributors included games like Minecraft and Clash of Clans , as well as subscription-based apps like Netflix and Hulu .
This is obviously good news for Apple , which earns 30 cents for every $ 1 spent in the App Store , but the company is also quick to point out how its online marketplace benefits developers . According to Apple , the company has paid out close to $ 40 billion to developers since the App Store launched in 2008 , and also created numerous jobs . The company says that it is `` responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the US alone , '' 75 percent of which are a direct result of the iOS ecosystem , including gigs like app developers , software engineers , and others .
In redesigning the iOS Music application for iOS 8.4 , Apple removed support for audiobooks from the app , electing to move it to the iBooks app . iBooks itself has gained an all-new audio player with support for swiping gestures to fast forward or rewind , view a chapter list , and more .
The Collections list in iBooks now has a separate setting for audiobooks that allows you to quickly separate them from the rest of your library . After selecting an audiobook , you 'll see a new player screen that resembles that of the new Music app .
There are a few key differences between the iBooks player and the Music player . A button in the upper right corner opens up a chapter list that allows you to jump to any point in the book . Settings for speed and a sleep timer are also present , and a share button allows you to send a link to your current book to your friends . The share button also works for books from sources like Audible , but does n't include the link , which makes it a bit useless in those cases .
The skip-ahead and skip-back options that prevoiusly existed are also still here , but no have gesture controls that can optionally be used to trigger them . By swiping left or ride on the album cover at the top of the screen , you can quickly jump backwards or forwards by 15 seconds . By dragging and holding the artwork in either direction , you can accelerate the fast forward rate , eventually skipping over more than a minute at a time .
Audiobooks now also display in their own application on the iOS CarPlay interface . It features the iBooks icon on the home screen and support for typical playback controls like skipping ahead 15 seconds at a time .
iOS 8.4 was released to developers in beta yesterday and will lay the groundwork for Apple 's revamped Beats Music-based streaming service , which is expected to debut at WWDC on June 8th .
Frustrated Cronulla players are questioning why they did n't receive the same support and advice from the Sharks to fight doping allegations as their Essendon AFL counterparts after 34 current and former Bombers were cleared of any wrongdoing .
Cronulla and Essendon were the focus of a two-year investigation by the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority into the alleged use of banned substances during periods when they were each associated with controversial sports scientist Stephen Dank . But despite the close parallels between the two cases , the outcome was very different for the 12 members of the 2011 Sharks squad who accepted backdated 12-month bans just before the end of last season .
While criticism has been levelled at the leniency of what was effectively a three-match suspension for the majority of the Cronulla players , Fairfax Media was told they feel let down by the Sharks and the NRL after the verdict of the AFL tribunal .
`` If they were better resourced and had greater support they would have fought like the Essendon players did , '' one player agent said . `` But they were advised to take a deal that was effectively too good to refuse and told that they would be on their own if they did n't . Cronulla did n't back the players like Essendon did and that is disappointing for those players after what has now happened in the AFL . ''
The Ys series has been setting the bar for combat and music in action role-playing games since 1987 . The latest game , Ys VIII : Lacrimosa of Dana , is no different , but it does have something more recent entries have lacked—a memorable story .
This post originally appeared 8/30/17 . We 've bumped it up for the game 's release day .
Adol Christin is one of the most enduring heroes in gaming . For three decades now the eternally-youthful redheaded swordsman has been hunting for adventure . He 's constantly getting themselves embroiled in schemes to destroy the world , fighting dark gods and foiling foul plots . Their exploits are the stuff of legend .
But Adol exists in a space similar to all classic Japanese action role-playing games , where defeating gods and saving the world are everyday occurrences . Their legend is cobbled together from RPG tropes . He 's the hero whose coming was foretold by prophecy . The chosen one of several ancient cultures . He 's even started off one of their adventures suffering from amnesia , which is about as JRPG as you can get .
I 've played through four Ys games over the past 13 years , and I 've enjoyed each one , but not for the story . I 've been drawn in by the responsive combat and lulled by the lush music . If you asked me to match the plot of those games to their titles , I would be at a loss . That 's not going to be the case with Ys VIII : Lacrimosa of Dana . It 's something else .
Advertisement
Lacrimosa of Dana opens with Adol and their blue-haired companion Dogi aboard a ship called The Lombardia , heading to the continent of Eresia in search of more world-shaking adventure . The trip is cut short when a massive sea creature destroys the vessel , sending Adol plunging into the briny depths . They awaken on the shore of Seiren Island , a cursed place from which legend says no one has ever returned .
Traditionally , this would be where Adol stumbles upon an ancient culture and is proclaimed the “ the warrior of legend ” or some such , but that does n't happen . Instead , our hero and other survivors from The Lombardia band together and form a small settlement . Called Castaway Village , it serves as a base of operations for Adol and company as they scour Seiren Island for more survivors and the resources they 'll need to escape .
There 's more driving Adol than their relentless thirst for adventure this time around . It 's about survival , not just just for him , but for the growing community of castaways that look to them and their adventuring companions for protection , salvation and comfort . They rely on him .
And they rely on them . Each recovered castaway fulfills a role in the ever-growing village . A young woman found wandering dazed on the beach turns out to be a tailor , lending their skills to crafting accessories and outfits for Adol and their friends . A medical student becomes a doctor , brewing potions from resources gathered during the party 's expeditions . There is no money on the island , so a rescued merchant trades more exotic materials for common supplies .
Advertisement
Video GamesMultiplatform Ys VIII : Lacrimosa of Dana Video GamesMultiplatform Ys VIII : Lacrimosa of Dana Ys VIII : Lacrimosa of Dana Back of the box quote So much Ys , so much yes . Yeesh . Type of game Action RPG Extraordinaire Liked Tons of exploration , fast and responsive combat , unique story with wonderful characters and lots of little things to see and do . Disliked The secondary story is nowhere near as compelling as the first . Developer Nihon Falcom Platforms PlayStation 4 , Vita , PC Release Date September 12 Played Logged more than 35 hours in the PlayStation 4 version of the game , playing on normal difficulty . Still have a ways to go .
More than stand-ins for the nameless merchants and menders populating standard fantasy RPG towns , each new resident of Castaway Village is a distinctive character . They 've got stories to tell and quests to give , and by the time they 're done they 've endeared themselves to the player as surely as if they 'd been out in the wilderness fighting by Adol 's side .
The plight of the stranded passengers is an incredibly compelling call to adventure . So much so that when Adol begins to dream of a blue-haired girl from a long-dead civilization—the one all over the game 's cover and concept art—it does n't feel nearly as important as it should . For a game subtitled The Lacrimosa of Dana ( “ lacrimosa ” is Latin for “ weeping ” ) , I really was n't feeling the whole Dana thing .
Dana is supposed to be the second main character of the game , the first time anyone 's shared top-billing with Adol . The problem in their introduction into the game starts off as a series of dreams that occur right before Adol and fellow fighters Laxia , Sahad , Hummel , and Ricotta are about to do something exciting . With the promise of a new creature to battle , exotic terrain to explore and the possibility of adding a new face to Castaway Village , the urge to skip these visions is very strong . Where are they from ? What is their connection to Adol ? He 's probably some sort of chosen one again , whatever . Let 's go rescue some survivors .
Dana becomes much more interesting as she 's further integrated into the primary portions of the game , but it takes a while to get there . I 'm talking a couple dozen hours here . It sounds like a lot , but there 's so much to do and explore that does n't involve a secondary story I 'm not all that invested in .
Advertisement
There 's a map to fill in , each individual section showing me the percentage explored , treasure chests to be opened and resources to harvest . It takes a lot of jumping and climbing to hit those numbers .
The village From time-to-time the village will get raided by beasts , setting in motion an Interception event , pitched battles during which Adol and their companions defend the settlement against waves of invading enemies . There are also Suppression missions , which see the castaways taking the battle against the beasts to the wilderness , keeping the population in check lest they be overrun .
There are fish to catch , crops to grow , items to craft and meals to cook . A lot of work goes into keeping up a semblance of civilization .
Then there 's the pure joy of running about with a trio of adventurers , slaughtering any unfortunate creature that gets in your path . Ys has a knack for fast-paced dynamic combat , and Lacrimosa of Dana is the best it 's ever been .
Advertisement
Building off the rock/paper/scissors system introduced in Ys Seven , each of the playable characters does a certain type of damage—slash , strike or pierce . If an enemy has a tough outer shell , Sahad 's massive striking anchor weapon is just the thing to crack it . If an enemy flies , piece its wings with Laxia 's saber . And Adol 's slashing sword is just the thing for getting to the heart of basic beasts .
Players swap between the three active characters in their parties on the fly during battles to exploit enemy weaknesses . They switch styles and create combos , with well-timed dodges and guards slowing down time or nullifying damage , opening up enemies to devastating attacks . It 's an intoxicating dance , borderline addictive . So much so that while the game features a fast-travel system that lets Adol and crew warp between save crystals in an instant , I often found myself hoofing it just to wreck more beasts .
And where 's there 's dancing , there 's music . The Ys series is lauded for its soundtracks , producing some of the finest scores in gaming . Rather than tell you how good the music in Lacrimosa of Dana is , here 's the 55-track playlist developer Nihon Falcom uploaded to Youtube . It 's gorgeous .
Update 8/30 : It 's been pointed out to me that the Youtube channel is run by a fan , and is not the development studio 's official channel . You can find Falcom Sound Team jdk 's official releases on iTunes , Google Play , Spotify and Amazon .
Advertisement
Satisfying combat and wonderful music are Ys ' bread and butter . the basic components that have carried the series through multiple sequels and remakes over the past three decades . The stories have n't been strong , but when they 're just a place to hang our hat while jamming and stabbing , it 's not a big deal .
Hell , we might have been better off . By adding an enthralling tale packed with rich , engaging characters and an ever-looming man-versus-nature conflict , Nihon Falcom has crafted a game that 's incredibly hard to put down . There are no real “ Everything 's okay now , we can rest ” moments in Ys VIII : Lacrimosa of Dana . The struggle is n't over until everyone escapes the island .
I 'm somewhere between 35 and 40 hours in , and it does n't look like I 'm getting off anytime soon . That 's fine . I 've got everything I look for in an action RPG right here .
Update 9/5/2017 : Since posting the review I have completed the game , and while most of my points stand , the Dana portion of the game picks up steam in the game 's final chapters . The character grew on me to the point that they replaced Adol in my core party . She 's just an incredibly slow starter . Final play time was a little over 70 hours .
Add American values to the list of items CNN and NBC consider to be racist .
Reporters at both networks blew a gasket after I posted a tweet affirming the American values of Theresa Vail – the gun-toting , deer-hunting , tattooed army sergeant who represented Kansas in the Miss American Pageant .
Miss Kansas had generated lots of attention in part due to their military service and tattoos . They also won ABC 's online “ America 's Choice ” poll . They advanced to the top ten but was eliminated before the infamous question round .
And that 's when I decided to offer up my two cents worth on Twitter .
[ pullquote ]
More On This ... Miss New York crowned Miss America for 2nd straight year , Twitter reacts
“ The liberal Miss America judges wo n't say this – but Miss Kansas lost because they actually represented American values , ” I tweeted .
The American values I referred to were their military service , their support of the Second Amendment and their devotion to God – illustrated with “ The Serenity Prayer ” that was prominently tattooed on their side .
However , CNN reported that my comments were directed at Miss New York , Nina Davuluri , after they had been crowned the new Miss America .
“ Miss America crowns 1st winner of Indian descent ; racist tweets flow , ” read the headline of a CNN story written by Leslie Bentz .
“ No sooner had the tiara been placed atop their head than a barrage of racist tweets flooded the Internet , ” Bentz wrote .
Then , they quoted and posted a screen grab of my tweet about Miss Kansas .
Fortunately , Twitter keeps a time stamp of every posting – and in just a matter of minutes I was able to prove the CNN report was incorrect .
My tweet was posted at 10:53 p.m. eastern , according to the Twitter time stamp . Miss New York was announced as the winner of the pageant at 10:57:18 p.m. eastern . It shows I was tweeting about Miss Kansas – not Miss New York .
NBC reporter Eun Kyung Kim followed suit in a story titled , “ New Miss America 's Indian heritage sparks racist comments . ”
“ Meanwhile , Todd Starnes , host of Fox News & Commentary , blamed the win on a ‘ politically correct ' panel of judges , according to a series of tweets , ” Kim wrote .
NBC 's Kim reported that I “ blamed ” Miss New York 's win on a “ politically correct ” panel of judges . ”
But that 's not true . Contrary to the reports by CNN and NBC , my tweets were directed at Miss Kansas – not Miss New York .
Had the reporters done their homework , they would have discovered that the accusations of racism against me were not only unfounded – they were just plain wrong .
By 9:53 a.m. Monday morning , CNN mysteriously revised their story and removed any mention of me as well as the photograph of the tweet they alleged was racist . They also revised the headline , “ Miss America crowns 1st winner of Indian descent . ''
CNN did not offer any explanation for the retraction .
Their gross slander was perpetrated either intentionally or out of ignorance . Either way , it 's yet another example of the kind of shoddy journalism that has soiled the reputation of the mainstream media .
Miss Kansas may have lost the crown , but they gained something the mainstream media can never claim -- the nation 's respect , trust and devotion .
In the world of cryptozoology , Mothman is one of the most mysterious and intriguing creatures . Many described them as an enormous humanoid with massive wings and large red eyes . Although it 's been over fifty years since the first sighting the legend remains just as strong to this day . Recently the unknown entity has had a resurgence of popularity after a number of sightings have been reported out of Chicago . Many wonder that if such a being exists then what exactly is it ? Theories range from a misidentified barn own to a paranormal entity or even an extraterrestrial visitor .
Initial Encounters
The first of numerous sightings began on November 12th , 1966 in the small town of Clendenin , West Virginia . On a crisp autumnal night five gravediggers witnessed a man-like figure ascend from a nearby tree . Three days later Roger and Linda Scarberry were out driving with another couple . While traveling down an isolated road known as “ TNT Area ” they witnessed a seven-foot tall flying creature with glowing red eyes . When Mr. Scarberry sped off the being flew alongside the vehicle before taking off into the darkness . The group immediately went to the authorities . Each person was privately interviewed and all four people had identical stories and matching recollections of the events that had transpired . According to the Deputy who spoke with the group , their eyes were filled with a terror that could n't be faked .
The Silver Bridge Tragedy
Just one year after the gravedigger 's encounter occurred , Point Pleasant was struck by tragedy . The Silver Bridge , a main route into the small town , collapsed unexpectedly during rush-hour traffic for unknown reasons . Forty-six people sadly lost their lives after crashing into the river . That morning various locals saw a strange creature perched atop the bridge . Some believe that this entity was trying to warn of the impending doom while others feel that Mothman was responsible for the disaster .
Untimely Deaths
Mary Hyre was a news reporter for the local paper and wrote and column called “ Where the Waters Mingle ” . They were also very close with author John Keel , author of “ The Mothman Prophecies ” which would later become inspiration for the highly fictionalized Hollywood film . Hyre felt that their involvement with The Mothman investigation drew interest from the Men in Black . Them first encounter occurred in 1967 when they were working a late night at the office . A man entered the room who they described as having “ large hypnotic eyes and not dressed for the weather ” . Oddly , the stranger said nothing and simply placed a pen on their desk before exiting the building . After this experience the perplexing stranger began to follow them
Soon Hyre had yet another run-in . While walking to their car a different man came towards them and instructed them to stop researching the Mothman topic or there would be consequences . Local townspeople also reported being approached by these men who claimed to be friends of Hyre . They wanted to obtain information about their UFO sightings and other paranormal events . On February 15th , 1970 Hyre died suddenly at the age of 54 . They believed that the creature was a prophetic figure that had come to warn of upcoming catastrophes .
Many other individuals who researched Mothman had strange and untimely deaths . One such person is Fred Fried who was at the time working on a documentary about the relation of UFOs and Mothman . They died of a heart attack at the age of 53 and their film was never released . Donald North , a Point Pleasant native , witnessed the entity in the same spot as the Scarberrys . Not long after , they died as a result of a car accident . Jim Keith was a conspiracy writer who was studying the connection between Mothman , the CIA and the MIB . During a routine knee surgery Keith died on the operating table at the age of 50 . Before this procedure they had said : “ I have this feeling that if they put me under I 'm not coming back ” . To date there are 84 mysterious deaths that appear to be connected to Mothman .
Possible Explanations
There are a multitude of explanations when it comes to this enigmatic being . Since a number of sightings occurred in the TNT Area some speculate that the region itself may in fact be responsible . During WWII the location was utilized for weapon manufacturing . After the war ended these explosives were stored in bunkers and the 8,000 acres of land were turned into a wildlife conservatory . It was n't discovered until the 1980s that the land had been contaminated by explosives byproducts . Given the severity of the situation the TNT Area was added to a federal list of hazardous waste sites . Some theorize that this chemical concoction seepage contributed to the evolution of a mutilated subspecies .
Others wonder if there is a UFO/ alien link to the Mothman . In John Keel 's book they state that eyewitness reports describe glowing orbs , energy fields and lost time . If this is the case it would also explain the Men in Black 's involvement . There are those who feel that creature is paranormal in nature given its ominous warning of approaching death . People who encounter this being described it having telepathic abilities . Skeptics are convinced that it 's merely an urban legend or an elaborate hoax . However , if this were the case one has to wonder if a person would be capable of such trickery for over five decades .
Until the truth is disclosed everything is ultimately speculation . Perhaps with today 's available technologies there is a better chance of capturing hard evidence . What do you think about Mothman ? Share your thoughts in the comments !
Advertisements
MIAMI Catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's playing days with their hometown team are over .
Before Monday 's series opener against the New York Mets , the Marlins activated Saltalamacchia from the paternity list and designated them for assignment . Signed to a three-year , $ 21 million contract before the 2013 season , Saltalamacchia still is owed about $ 14.2 million . The Marlins have 10 days to trade him , outright them to the minors or release him .
The Marlins are on the hook for the balance owed unless they can find a trade partner .
A product of Royal Palm Beach High School and Wellington resident , the West Palm Beach-born Saltalamacchia helped the Boston Red Sox win the 2013 World Series before signing with the Marlins as a free agent .
`` An extremely difficult decision , just given who is a Salty has been , what he 's done in their career , '' said President of Baseball Operations Michael Hill , who informed Saltalamacchia via phone call Saturday . `` Really , we took a step back and looked at the emergence of J.T . Realmuto . It 's no secret he 's our catcher of the future . ''
Coming off a disappointing debut season in South Florida , Saltalamacchia , 29 , continued to struggle at the start of 2014 both offensively and defensively . The switch-hitting Saltalamacchia is 2-for-29 ( .069 ) with a double , a homer , four walks and 12 strikeouts . Hi s.389 on-base plus slugging percentage ranks last among 55 National League catchers with at least 29 at-bats .
Those numbers coupled Realmuto 's development forced the Marlins ' hand . The Marlins promoted Realmuto when backup catcher Jeff Mathis went on the 15-day disabled list earlier this month with a fractured hand . Realmuto , who took a .265 batting average into Monday night 's game against the Mets , will share catching duties with backup Jhonatan Solano , who the Marlins promoted when they put Saltalamacchia on the paternity list .
Marlins manager Mike Redmond discusses their team 's 6-2 win over Washington . Marlins manager Mike Redmond discusses their team 's 6-2 win over Washington . SEE MORE VIDEOS
`` We knew we were going to have to make a decision to make [ on Salty ] when they came back , '' Hill said . `` Solano has proved to be fine backup catcher in the big leagues . We felt like the timing was right . The club is playing well and we did n't really want to change up too much going on with the club .
`` He 's still a young player and he 's going to have young player ups and downs , but we believe in the ability . They really took ownership of the catching position [ at Double-A last season ] and started to demonstrate those leadership qualities and show us they were really close . ''
Hech of a start
Adeiny Hechavarria was tabbed National League Player of the Week after hitting .500 ( 12-for-24 ) WITH 10 RBI and eight runs , helping the Marlins go 5-1 , including a three-game home sweep of the Washington Nationals .
For Hechavarria , the Player of the Week award is the first of their career . A native of Cuba , Hechavarria in Sunday 's series finale went 2-for-4 with a triple , a homer and three RBI . They also homered Saturday and with 16 RBI is one off Giancarlo Stanton 's team-leading pace .
`` He deserves it , '' Redmond said . `` He was excited . ''
Since going 1-for-22 on the club 's season-opening 1-5 homestand , Hechavarria went 21 for their next 46 with five extra-base hits and three three-RBI games . They entered 2015 with four career games of three or more runs driven in .
Hechavarria is the first Marlins Player of the Week winner since Steve Cishek last July . Jose Fernandez also garnered the most recent of their three Player of the Week awards last April .
Do n't Be Fooled by the Name—This Limited Edition is No Lightweight
PARK CITY , Utah ( March 17 , 2016 ) — Come see the light ! High West Distillery , Utah 's first legal distillery since 1870 , releases a limited edition 14-Year Light Whiskey . Beginning March 19 , this special bottling is available exclusively to visitors at the High West Distillery at Blue Sky Ranch , followed by a roll out at the High West Saloon & Distillery in historic Old Town Park City on April 16 .
“ At High West , we believe education leads to appreciation so we wanted to shed some light on this rarely discussed type of whiskey , ” says High West founder David Perkins . “ This is a spirit that 's not likely to be available again for a long time . ”
Light whiskey denotes a grain spirit that 's been distilled at a higher proof than a straight whiskey — between 80-95 % alcohol by volume ( ABV ) versus less than 80 % ABV respectively . It 's typically used as a component in about 95 % of the world 's blended whiskeys . In the U.K. , what they call grain whiskey is essentially the same thing as light whiskey .
“ This whiskey was distilled at a higher proof on the still , which reduces the heaviness of the flavors , and reveals more floral and fruit subtleties , ” said High West master distiller Brendan Coyle . “ It was aged in used barrels , as opposed to first-use charred barrels , which lends more elegant complexities with a spirit-forward character . ”
High West discovered 100 stunning barrels of light whiskey at MGP made from corn that was distilled between 1999 and 2001 , aged in second-fill barrels . That wood aging imparted a traditionally light spirit with lovely vanilla and white chocolate notes , and an intriguing Concord grape overlay—to anything but typical results .
High West encourages you to indulge in this special offering all on its own—neat , with a touch of water , or on the rocks . The 14-Year Light Whiskey will retail for $ 99.95 .
About High West
Utah 's first legal distillery since 1870 , High West 's passion is crafting delicious and distinctive whiskeys and helping people appreciate whiskey all in the context of our home , the American West . High West offers an outstanding collection of highly rated whiskeys in finer liquor stores , bars , and restaurants in 49 states throughout the U.S. and internationally .
High West has three must-visit locations . Our High West Saloon in historic Old Town Park City is the world 's only ski-in gastro distillery that was voted “ Best Park City Restaurant ” by readers of City Weekly . It has received multiple accolades including a nomination for Best Bar by the James Beard Foundation , and a top-10 ranking on The Daily Meal 's list of 150 Best Bars in America . Our High West Saloon in Terminal E at Salt Lake International Airport offers the best food and drinks in any airport west of the Mississippi . Finally , High West Distillery on Blue Sky Ranch in Wanship , Utah is a 30,000 square foot world-class distillery and visitor center featuring educational tours and High West 's unique country-western cuisine . Blue Sky is an historic working cattle ranch . Both Blue Sky and High West aim to build a landmark Western destination and resort offering an authentic and premium western experience . For more information and where to buy High West products near you , visit highwest.com .
# # #
Disruptive Innovation : Bad For Some Old Businesses , Good For Everyone Else
from the also-known-as-'progress ' dept
Printed photos , which once came in “ wallet size , ” have been replaced by an endless roll of snapshots on my phone . Business cards , one of the more archaic forms of communication from the last few decades , now exist as digital rap sheets that can be shared with a click or a bump .
As for cash , I rarely touch the stuff anymore . Most of the time I pay for things — lunch , gas , clothes — with a single debit card . Increasingly , there are also opportunities to skip plastic cards . At Starbucks , I often pay with my smartphone using the official Starbucks app . Other cafes and small restaurants allow people to pay with Square . You simply say your name at a register and voilá , transaction complete .
But wait , what did I do with all of the other cardlike things , like my gym membership I.D. , discount cards , insurance cards and coupons ? I simply took digital pictures of them , which I keep in a photos folder on my smartphone that is easily accessible . Many stores have apps for their customer cards , and insurance companies have apps that substitute for paper identification .
I recently joked that it felt like the main purpose of Kickstarter seemed to be to convince the world they wanted simplified wallets and fancy ink pens . If you do n't spend much time on Kickstarter , you may have missed that those two categories seem to account for a somewhat-larger-than-expected percentage of projects that people find interesting . The wallets , in particular , fascinate me , because there wallets . I had no idea that the wallet market was open to such disruption.Of course , it may be open to an entirely different form of disruption . As Nick Bilton at the NYTimes recently pointed out , as their smartphone has been able to do more and more , he 's beginning to think that wallets may be becoming entirely obsolete . There 's almost nothing they still need to carry on their person since nearly everything that used to be in their wallet can now be taken care of via their smartphone : It 's notobsolete , but Nick makes a compelling case that it 's heading in that direction . To be fair , many of the new wallets seen on Kickstarter are , in effect , responses to this trend . The most popular styles appear to be `` simplified '' or `` minimal '' wallets that shrink down what you have to carry , so that you can just take the few essential cards with you . But , it 's possible that many people will be able to get by entirely without a wallet in the not-too-distant future.This , in turn , reminded me of something else : about how disruption may destroy industries while making our own lives better in the process -- but that simple economics tends to do a bad job recognizing that . I 've talked about how traditional economic measures might measure the wrong thing . So , if we 're looking at wallets , for example , those in the wallet-making business might claim that this move towards the digitization/smartphonification of everything is `` bad '' for the `` wallet industry . '' That 's obviously silly , and most people are n't too concerned about the wallet industry . But that ignores just how many industries are being totally upended by the smartphone . Think of all theyou do n't need any more due to the smartphone . A few months back , the Cato Institute put together a fun chart on `` dematerialization '' due to the smart phone , trying to make the argument that advances in technology , such as the smartphone , might also be good for the environment , since they lead to people needing a lot fewer physical devices , since they 're all packaged into that tiny device in your pocket : Of course , what this also points out is the nature ofand . Disruptive innovation , by its nature , destroys entire industries or segments of industries by making them obsolete . If you simply measure the economic impact on the fact that those industries are no longer present , or that those products are no longer being sold for hundreds of dollars , you could argue that there 's a negative impact on the economy . But , if you flip it around and look at ( a ) how much better our lives are , in that we have access toat the touch of our finger tips in a single smartphone , and ( b ) that as compared to buying all those other devices , individuals actually get to ( though , not necessarily in their now obsolete wallets ) to be spent in more productive ways , it seems like it 's actually a really good thing.But this is something that we often struggle with from a policy standpoint . While no one claims to be missing `` the fax '' industry , lots of industries at risk of disruption will do all sorts of things to angle policymakers into blocking that disruption , by arguing about the economic impact of their own industries , and falsely implying that , if they 're disrupted away , all of that money somehow `` disappears '' from the economy . But the nature of innovation is that we make things obsolete by making other things better and more powerful and changing the way we do things . The end result is , generally speaking ( and , yes , there are exceptions ) , better for everyone , enabling them to do more with less and do so more productively . Whether it 's a `` wallet '' or the entire list of things in the graphic above , progress has an amazing way of destroying old ways of doing business , and we should n't fear or worry about that , we should celebrate it .
Filed Under : advancement , dematerialization , disruption , economics , innovation , progress , wallets
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Atrios disagrees with my contention that a deal on Social Security could put it into balance for a good long time :
Social Security Will Never Be In Actuarial Balance Not for more than a couple of years , anyway . If there 's some deal to get there , then inevitably the Social Security Trustees will , perfectly justifiably , tweak a few assumptions about future economic activity so that there will be a DOOM scenario , an EVERYTHING 'S AWESOME scenario , and a “ uh oh maybe in about 40 years we will have a problem ” scenario . And then Fred Hiatt will print another million ZOMG WE MUST DESTROY SOCIAL SECURITY NOW IN ORDER TO SAVE IT FORTY YEARS FROM NOW columns and some future president will marvel at those worthless IOUS and blah blah blah .
I do n't really want to get into a blogspat over this , but this just is n't right . It 's true that the Social Security Trustees normally produce three scenarios for future solvency ( the 2010 version for trust fund solvency is on the right ) , but even critics almost universally use the intermediate scenario when they write about Social Security 's finances . There 's actually a plausible case to be made that the optimistic scenario has historically been closer to reality , but nonetheless , it 's the middle scenario everyone uses . Even Fred Hiatt .
As for the actuaries making tweaks to their economic models , they do indeed do this . But if you look over trustees reports for the past 20 years you 'll see that those tweaks have been small , have pushed in both directions , and have had only a tiny net effect on their projections . Obviously that could change in the future , but on past performance there 's no real reason to think that tweaks to the forecast models will produce large changes to the forecasts themselves .
Needless to say , nothing is forever . Once we create food in replicators and have robot slaves to do all our work for us , I suppose no one will care about Social Security at all . But it 's entirely possible to cut a deal on Social Security that will insure its long-term solvency for at least several decades , and that 's about as much as anyone can ever hope for in real life .
And as long as I 'm writing about this again , I 'll reiterate a couple of points . First , the idea here is not that hardcore conservatives will stop attacking Social Security if a deal is reached . The idea is that they 'll be ignored once they lose the support of centrist Beltway opinion — which they will if the intermediate trustees forecast shows the program in balance . Second , my support for a deal obviously depends on reaching a good deal . If Republicans refuse to consider revenue increases , then no deal . If they insist on means testing or increases to the retirement age , then no deal . Etc . But there are decent compromises available , and we should be just as willing to explore them as we are to reject deals that are n't good enough .
Just yesterday , the Washington Post made a pronouncement : a beverage called “ cheese tea , ” originated from Taiwan , is the “ latest wait-in-line , Instagram-your-purchase status food. ” Cheese tea sounds gross , but it 's not melted brie with Lipton . It 's a sweet tea topped with a foamy , mousse-like dairy product that is usually cream cheese blended with condensed milk . It 's delicious—and I know that because , in 2016 , my teenage sister took me to Cupertino 's Happy Lemon , a pioneer chain brand of the cheese tea since 2006 . Asian American teenagers in Silicon Valley are actually the country 's foremost experts on the latest Instagrammable drinks .
In August , the New York Times wrote a similar article about the popularity of “ bubble ” or “ boba ” tea , a Taiwanese beverage so ubiquitous that even on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , New York , where I live , there are four bubble teashops within 10 minutes walking distance . The drink usually
REUTERS/Mike Segar When Hillary Clinton visited the Queens borough of New York City as part of their 2016 U.S. presidential campaign , they had a bubble tea at Kung Fu Tea .
consists of a tea or juice base in which chewy tapioca balls , jellies , aloe vera , and even puddings get added to the mix . Like the cheese tea , it can be prepared hot or cold . It 's so thick that you have to use specialized fat straws to drink it . The internet was enraged at the article . First , it insinuated that the drink was a recent discovery when it had been common in communities where Asian Americans lived for over a decade . Second , it described bubble tea as “ exotic ” and “ strange , ” assuming the reader was white and came from a non-diverse community , when any Asian American reader—and plenty of their non-Asian friends—would have grown up with the drink .
The New York Times was right about one thing , though—as competition for bubble tea shops increases , the quality of these sugary drinks get better , too . As a teenager growing up in Silicon Valley a decade ago , my main source of bubble tea was a Taiwanese American chain called Tapioca Express , which sat in strip malls down the Bay Area . It still exists , but once , when I asked my sister if they wanted me to grab some “ Tap Ex ” bubble tea on my way home , they flatly refused .
“ That 's not the good stuff , ” they said . I was confused . It 's just sugar water with little balls of starch . It turns out , shortly after I moved out of the Bay Area in 2009 , bubble tea went artisanal . Bubble tea shops like San Francisco-based Boba Guys ( which launched in 2011 and was finally featured in Vogue in 2017 ) , Gong Cha , and Teaspoon ( one of my sister 's after-school go-tos ) use fresh ingredients , trendy non-dairy milks , organic fruits , and heirloom teas . You can get dark-roasted oolong tea with organic cream , or an almond milk matcha latte with tapioca pearls . The run-of-the-mill bubble tea I grew up with were made with artificial flavors , cloying syrups , and powdered milks . And they just do n't cut it anymore .
Recently , while visiting home , I had a craving for Teaspoon 's Grasshopper drink , a lychee green tea topped with fresh cucumber juice . I invited my sister , who was still in their pajamas with unbrushed teeth , to join me . “ No , ” they replied again . “ Why turn me down this time ? ” I asked . I had suggested a respectable brand , after all . “ Because everyone I know from school will be there , ” they explained . “ They ca n't see me like this. ” If you want to know what you 'll be drinking—and Instagramming—next year , just ask a Silicon Valley teen what they 're doing after class .
PUSHED to the wall after successive electoral reversals in Punjab and Delhi , there is a growing debate in the top echelons of the Aam Aadmi Party over its aggressive posturing against Prime Minister Narendra Modi . The party top brass is asking whether its decision to directly and regularly attack the PM has yielded it the political dividend it desired .
Advertising
Top sources in the party told The Indian Express Wednesday that instead of an individual ( Modi ) , the party is looking at re-calibrating its politics to focus on issues and rally Opposition parties around them . These sources said there 's also a realisation that the party needs to hunker down and focus on Delhi rather than script ambitious expansion plans . To that effect , sources said , AAP is not likely to contest polls in Gujarat even if it 's put in a lot of energy and resources there .
This rethink comes amid infighting that has wracked the party . While sacked minister Kapil Mishra alleged corruption on the part of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal , Kumar Vishwas has been accused by a suspended AAP MLA of being an “ RSS plant ” in the party . Although the party leadership believes that tampered EVMs plaued a crucial role in its defeat and it will continue to flag the issue — as it did in the Assembly yesterday — it is also of the view that targeting the PM is backfiring because the “ pro-Modi sentiment ” is so strong that no accusation sticks , sources said .
“ The CM went around the country holding rallies on charges of corruption alleged against Modi in the Sahara-Birla case . There was support from the people then . But after Uttar Pradesh , things have changed . It has backfired . Wherever we go , people ask why are you attacking Modiji , ” a source close to Kejriwal told The Indian Express . The need to refocus on Delhi is also necessitated by the fact , sources said , that the party 's funds are dwindling . “ It ( the financial pipeline ) is being choked .
Advertising
Anyone who donates is being questioned by the Income Tax department . Our foreign funding has been investigated once and cleared , now a fresh notice has been sent , ” the source said . Such notices , however , were sent to all parties , a Home Ministry official had said yesterday .
Sources said the party is also likely to tone down its constant refrain that the Centre is n't allowing it to work . “ The Modi government has used every trick in the book to stop us from delivering on our promises . But bravado and aggression in administration are not acceptable to people . They want us to deliver , ” the source said .
AAP leaders complain that few bureaucrats in Delhi are on the same page as them . “ The CBI action against Rajendra Kumar ( former principal secretary to the CM ) and Tarun Seem ( former Delhi Health Secretary ) has sent a clear message . All bureaucrats are directly reporting to the Lieutenant Governor . The state government ca n't even transfer a peon . If the Supreme Court upholds the HC verdict , there will be no point fighting the next Delhi polls , ” a source said .
The party is also not very enthusiastic about a united opposition taking on the BJP in 2019 . “ Today , the situation is such that if everyone comes together openly against Modi , people 's sympathy will swing towards him . People will say , look how everyone has come together to defeat the man who is trying to do something for the country , ” another source close to Kejriwal said .
The party , however , is ready to bring different parties on one platform . “ The idea is to fight the government on issues . Different parties can come together and raise an issue that affects the people . That is something the public will appreciate , ” they said . On infighting within , a source said the party believes the BJP is behind it . “ They are trying to prop up factions and leaders within the party . These leaders are calling MLAs home and telling them that a new CM is going to take over . They are trying to scare the MLAs , ” said the source .
Sources denied the allegations of corruption . Mishra submitted three complaints to the CBI on alleged exchange of Rs 2 crore between Arvind Kejriwal and Health Minister Satyendra Jain ; a Rs 50-crore land deal allegedly arranged for the CM 's brother-in-law ; and about five AAP leaders ' use of party funds on foreign trips .
“ Allegations of bribery against the CM are unthinkable . Had Kapil Mishra been present during the alleged exchange , CCTV would have caught their movement . There is evidence of them being present elsewhere . There is no truth in the Rs 50-crore land deal allegation and only one party member , Sanjay Singh , had travelled abroad on party expenses to raise funds for the party , ” said the source . They also said that Mishra was removed as a minister because MLAs had complained against them about poor management of water in many areas of Delhi .
Advertising
They said the party had investigated the allegations against Jain who faces a CBI preliminary enquiry for alleged hawala transactions . “ Two people , who the CBI said were fronts for Jain , are rich business people . It 's their transactions that are under probe . People make their drivers as fronts , not rich business people , ” the source said .
MMA fighter `` War Machine '' has been found guilty of a string of charges brought against them after they brutally attacked their former porn star ex-girlfriend .
A jury in Las Vegas found Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver guilty of 29 violent offences on Monday relating to the sexual assault , kidnapping and battery of their ex-girlfriend , Christine Mackinday .
The former MMA fighter was charged with 34 federal offences but the jury were unable to reach a decision on two attempted murder charges involving Ms Mackinday and Corey Thomas who they found in their bed on August 8 , 2015 .
Their lawyer conceded the 35-year-old was guilty on charges that relate to punching , kicking and threatening Ms Mack with a knife , and assaulting Mr Thomas in their closing statement .
The court heard Koppenhaver beat Mackinday for up to two hours , leaving them with broken ribs , a fractured eye socket , a lacerated liver , two missing teeth and severe bruising . ( )
But had argued on the more serious charges of kidnapping , rape and attempted murder , that Koppenhaver 's perception of right and wrong had been warped by the couple 's disturbing fantasies and their drug use .
Mr Koppenhaver 's lawyer has argued their client was overcome by rage when they found another man in Ms Mackinday 's bed , which coupled with their abuse of steroids , the ADHD medication Adderall and anti-depressant Lexapro , caused them to lash out .
They beat Mr Thomas for ten minutes , choking them on multiple occasions , before unleashing on Ms Mackinday for up to two hours .
The defence presented text messages between the pair discussing rape fantasies and argued this `` charming back and forth '' created a norm of consent that allowed Koppenhaver to sexually assault or rape Ms Mackinday as `` he believed it was okay '' .
The former MMA fighter was charged with 34 federal offences but the jury were unable to reach a decision on two attempted murder charges ( )
However , the prosecution had painted a detailed picture of the abuse Ms Mackinday faced during their tumultuous 15-month relationship and the love that blinded them to the dangers of Koppenhaver 's violent and controlling nature .
`` He almost beat them to death and they threw a dog blanket on them as they were convulsing from a lacerated liver . And they still loved them – that 's how bad the cycle is , '' they told the court .
The judge has ruled the two attempted murder charges a mistrial and Koppenhaver 's lawyer said they feel `` terrible '' and will file for another trial .
Despite not being convicted on the most serious of the charges , War Machine still faces life in prison with no parole .
Ms Mackinday cried on the trial as they were accused of revelling in the fame that came after the assault . ( )
They were found not guilty of three charges including burglary with use of a deadly weapon , sexually motivated coercion and battery with intent to commit sexual , according to Fox 5 .
They will be sentenced on June 5 .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Google ( s goog ) and the Authors Guild 's eight-year legal fight over digital books is coming to a head once again , as both sides prepare to make their final case next month about whether Google 's scanning of more than 20 million library books is fair use under copyright law .
In documents filed in New York federal court this week , Google argues at length that the scanning is “ transformative ” — a legal concept that gained importance after the Supreme Court used it in 1994 to rule in favor of rappers 2LiveCrew , who had sampled the Roy Orbison song “ Pretty Woman ” without permission . Google argues :
Advertisement
“ Google has copied no more than is necessary to achieve its transformative purpose and give rise to the social benefits of full-text search…Google improved on existing indices so substantially that its use was transformative . ”
The “ transformative ” factor is not an automatic shield against copyright infringement . Instead , the term is just a sub-section in a four-part test that courts use to look at fair use . But in the case of the Google book scanning case , the term will carry extra significance because one of the judges overseeing the case wrote a famous article that helped define “ transformative ” in the first place .
The judge , Pierre Leval , was part of a three-judge appeals court panel that earlier this year stopped a class action against Google and ordered the lower New York court to first address the fair use question .
The appeals court ruling reversed a string of losses in the case for Google , which included a high-profile ruling by U.S. District Judge Denny Chin in 2011 that rejected a controversial three-way settlement between Google , the Authors Guild and publishers . ( Judge Chin , who now sits on the appeals court alongside Judge Leval , is still hearing the original case by special assignment . )
The Authors Guild , meanwhile , filed its own brief that blasts Google 's transformative argument : “ [ The ] only thing ‘ transformative ' about Google 's display of snippets of in-print books is that it transforms online browsers of book retailers to online users of Google 's search engine . ”
At the same time , both sides are invoking the publishing practices of Amazon ( s amzn ) to support their position on fair use : Google notes that Amazon 's Book Search pages can lead to a sale for the author on Amazon.com , and points out that Amazon 's own “ Search Inside the Book ” feature displays entire pages of a book . The Authors Guild , meanwhile , claims that Google Book Search pulls away customers who would otherwise buy books on Amazon .
Both sides ' decision to invoke Amazon is ironic , given that the retailers ' dominance in the book market was prime reason that Google and the Authors Guild decided to create the now-failed settlement in the first place .
In the latest filings , the sides also spar over whether the digital library created by Google is safe from hackers .
Here 's Google 's latest filing with some of the key parts underlined . ( For more background , see my The Battle for the Books : Inside Google 's Gambit to Create the World 's Biggest Library . It 's available for $ 2.99 here . )
Google Opposition to Authors Guild Motion for Summary Judgment ( 1 )
Image caption The Jerome Cahuzac affair has forced Francois Hollande to make financial probity a key issue
The French government says the value of ministers ' assets will be published by 15 April in a new transparency drive , amid a scandal over tax evasion .
The Socialist government also says it will present a draft law obliging MPs to declare their assets and introducing tougher penalties for financial fraud .
Currently ministers only have to declare any conflict of interest .
France 's ex-Budget Minister Jerome Cahuzac has been charged with fraud over a secret Swiss bank account .
They admitted last week that they had hidden about 600,000 euros ( £509,000 ; $ 770,000 ) in a Swiss bank account , causing shock in France .
The former conservative Prime Minister , Francois Fillon , declared their property on Monday evening .
They said they had bought their home in Sarthe for 440,000 euros 20 years ago , and now valued it at about 650,000 euros . They said they had less than 100,000 euros in savings , in several bank accounts . They also said they had two cars , each more than 10 years old .
President Francois Hollande was also embarrassed last week when it emerged that their former Socialist Party treasurer , Jean-Jacques Augier , had personal investments in two Cayman Islands offshore companies .
Mr Augier , who managed Mr Hollande 's campaign funds , insisted there was `` nothing illegal '' in their tax haven affairs .
The conservative opposition says it is dissatisfied with the transparency measures announced so far and is demanding a thorough reshuffle of Mr Hollande 's government .
Mr Hollande had promised voters morality and integrity in public life after what were nicknamed the `` bling-bling '' years of their conservative predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy .
But this year Mr Hollande 's opinion poll ratings have slumped , as the country remains mired in recession with unemployment at 10.6 % .
Project Wing co-leader James Ryan Burgess . Credit : Sitthixay Ditthavong Mr Burgess , who is based in San Francisco , said the Canberra region provided a suitable test area for several reasons . `` Given the large estates and lots here , we 're able to fly and do deliveries without flying overpopulated areas , '' Mr Burgess said . `` We did some research in the Canberra area and more broadly and we found that the Googonians were quite positive to new technology and innovation . `` We 're excited to be in a place that will be welcoming to new innovation and new ways of doing things . ''
`` We want to give all our devotion and attention to this area . '' This is just the second time that Project Wing have tested their drone delivery service in Australia . In 2014 a farmer in outback Queensland became the first person not affiliated with X to receive a delivery . It was of Cherry Ripes . Mr Burgess said the drone is capable of delivering up to 1.5 kilograms of goods , and could carry anything from milk to medicines . They said that having prior experience in Australia and a good relationship with the Civil Aviation Safety Authority helped the decision to come to the region .
Googong presented an interesting opportunity for Project Wing as it is a rapidly growing area but one that is not serviced by a shopping precinct . Having participants that are forced to travel for basic supplies `` shows the value proposition of what we offer , '' said Mr Burgess . Testing of the drones will occur in the Fernleigh Park area for the next two to three weeks , with expansion expected from there . Mr Burgess said the company 's intention is to test in suburbs of Canberra , however , they could n't confirm a timeframe for when this would take place . `` We have the approvals and regulations [ from CASA ] we can comply with to date for these tests , and then we 're working towards ongoing approval and further expansion of the tests for a later date , '' Mr Burgess said .
CASA spokesperson Peter Gibson said the authority was eager to see autonomous aircraft have a future in Australia . `` We 're very keen to foster this innovation and development , providing the safety precautions are met , '' Mr Gibson said . Managing the safety of those involved in the tests had been a major focus for the Project Wing team . The drone is a very different model to the one tested in Queensland , notably for its 12 hover motors that allow for different motors to be utilised in case of an emergency . `` Safety comes first for us , '' Mr Burgess said .
`` There are risks in everyday situations . Even with a delivery driver taking an automobile , that 's not a zero-risk . They said their approach was to have better safety rates than existing transport technologies . While the drone is capable of fully automated operation , all flights in the Fernleigh Park tests will be under supervision of a pilot on the ground that can override controls if necessary . Residents of Fernleigh Park were consulted about the plans to test delivery drones on Saturday at a community event . They will have the opportunity to opt in to the tests and receive packages via drone . Mr Burgess said they were in conversation with a number of interested residents .
Moving forward with the testing depends on the feedback received in the initial stages , Mr Burgess said . Testing in this region will focus on how users of the service found the experience rather than technical capabilities of the drones , which has largely been tested in the USA . Coming from the highly competitive world of Silicon Valley , most of the company 's previous projects - including self-driving cars and Google Brain - have been kept tightly under wraps . While Mr Burgess said that expansion into other parts of Australia may happen eventually , the focus now is on the Canberra region . `` We expect to be maintaining a continuous presence in the Canberra and NSW area , '' they said .
`` Our intention is to be here for the foreseeable future . ''
For much of the past year I 've been hearing SandForce wanted to be bought . The price ? $ 300M - $ 400M . A bit too rich for OCZ 's blood , but a figure that I felt was n't too high given the immense technological advantage that SandForce enjoyed . SandForce 's biggest issue ? It needed a partner that would bring sound validation methodology and the resources to actually test SF drives . I mentioned to many players in the SSD and HDD space that they should simply buy SandForce and make this easier on everyone . Today LSI announced that it would be the company to try and do just that .
Pending the typical closing conditions and regulatory approvals , LSI will acquire SandForce for $ 322M in cash plus assume another $ 48M in unvested SF stock options . LSI is n't much of a player in the consumer space but it hopes to use SandForce 's controllers in a go at the enterprise market . A look back at the Vertex 3 in our Intel SSD 710 review shows just how strong SandForce 's architecture can be in database server workloads . As I 've written before , the enterprise space is where the high margin sales are and as a result many players in the SSD space are focusing on it .
For now do n't expect anything to change with regards to SF drives in the client space , but OCZ 's timing with Octane probably could n't have been any better .
Just two weeks after the New York Times busted former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for using a private email server to conduct all of their government business and four weeks after the FBI started a criminal investigation into the matter , Clinton 's subpoenaed email archive was wiped with BleachBit by Platte River Networks employee Paul Combetta .
The Justice Department has reportedly granted Combetta immunity and the Clinton campaign is arguing they went rogue , deleting the archive on their own without any instruction from those close to Hillary Clinton .
`` Neither Hillary Clinton nor their attorneys had knowledge of the Platte River Network employee 's actions . It appears they acted on their own and against guidance given by both Clinton 's and Platte River 's attorneys to retain all data in compliance with a congressional preservation request , '' Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon told the New York Times .
But according to Rep. Trey Gowdy , who chairs the Benghazi Select Committee and sits on the House Oversight Committee , Combetta wiped the server after a conference call with Clinton 's top aides , including top Clinton aide and attorney Cheryl Mills .
`` There was a conference call between David Kendall , Cheryl Mills and Platte River and then emails that had been in existence for five years , emails that he 's known about until at least December 2014 , they decide to delete ... just all on their own , '' Gowdy explained on America 's Newsroom Friday . `` That defies logic why some techie in Colorado would despite a subpoena , despite a preservation order , but after a conference call with David Kendell and Cheryl Mills decide on their own that they are going to destroy public records . ''
`` It was an effort to obstruct justice , '' Gowdy continued .
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Using BleachBit to wipe a server after a conference call with Hillary Clinton 's top aides is hardly `` acting alone '' or `` going rogue . ''
In just over three weeks , the country faces a historic choice . That 's the case at any general election , but this time the stakes have been heightened by the aftermath of the Brexit vote and all that might mean for our schools , hospitals and other public services .
Scrap feuds and keep your eye on victory , Unison chief tells Labour Read more
The choice is a clear one . A Conservative government determined to persevere with slashing services and ignoring the nation 's problems . Or a Labour one that would rebuild the country after nearly a decade of punishing spending cuts .
To those doubters who would argue otherwise , I have a simple message : electing a Labour government is not only possible , it 's vital for our public services . We must not fall victim to the tyranny of limited aspirations for the Labour party or communities across the country .
So while there may be some who will define success on the basis of their own personal or factional advancement , I 'll define success in this election the same way I have every election I 've campaigned in – whether or not a Labour government is elected at the end .
That 's because every Labour government in my lifetime , no matter my disagreements with individual leaders or policies , has improved the lives of the majority of the British people and delivered better public services than the ones they inherited . Every Labour government has secured greater rights at work and made our country a fairer place .
The same ca n't be said for successive Conservative governments – quite the opposite . The Tory party has consistently been a force for the regressive and the retrograde . Right now , its policies are slowly starving the NHS and local councils of the funding they so desperately need , decisions that will harm generations of people , including your families . Now they 're turning on the weak and the frail . Social care needs proper funding , but the answer is not a tax on dementia .
No matter the rhetoric or the kind of campaign being run by the Conservatives , never let anyone convince you that Theresa May or any other lifelong shill for the British establishment has your best interests at heart .
The Conservative party manifesto certainly contains nothing to match Labour 's transformative plans . There is nothing to match the real living wage , abolishing employment tribunal fees or a national education service in its plans . All that Theresa May 's Conservatives have to offer is managed decline , while Labour offers genuine and meaningful change for the better .
That 's why this election matters so much . This is an opportunity for Jeremy Corbyn 's Labour to win the argument about the kind of country we want to be at this pivotal moment and put the people 's party back where it belongs – in government .
It 's absolutely imperative we see a Labour victory on 8 June . Nurses , teaching assistants , social care workers and everyone who relies upon our public services deserve nothing less .
So all of us within the Labour movement must work with all our energy and strain every sinew in pursuit of that goal over the coming weeks . The stakes are far too high and the realities of failure are too grave for anything less than that .
Dave Prentis is general secretary of Unison
This morning we got strong GDP numbers from Japan for Q1 . The numbers show that it is primarily domestic demand – private consumption and investment – rather than exports , which drive growth .
This is from Bloomberg :
Japan 's economy grew at the fastest pace since 2011 in the first quarter as companies stepped up investment and consumers splurged before the first sales-tax rise in 17 years last month . Gross domestic product grew an annualized 5.9 percent from the previous quarter , the Cabinet Office said today in Tokyo , more than a 4.2 percent median forecast in a Bloomberg News survey of 32 economists . Consumer spending rose at the fastest pace since the quarter before the 1997 tax increase , while capital spending jumped the most since 2011 . …Consumer spending rose 2.1 percent from the previous quarter , the highest since a 2.2 percent increase in the first three months of 1997 .
So it is domestic demand , while net exports are actually a drag on the economy ( also from Bloomberg ) :
Exports rose 6 percent from the previous quarter and imports climbed 6.3 percent . The yen 's slide since Abe came to power in December 2012 has inflated the value of imported energy as the nation 's nuclear reactors remain shuttered after the Fukushima disaster in March 2011 .
The numbers fit very well with the story I told about the excepted “ Kuroda recovery ” ( it is not Abenomics but monetary policy… ) a year ago .
This is what I wrote in my blog post “ The Kuroda recovery will be about domestic demand and not about exports ” nearly exactly a year ago ( May 10 2013 ) :
While I strongly believe that the policies being undertaken by the Bank of Japan at the moment is likely to significantly boost Japanese nominal GDP growth – and likely also real GDP in the near-term – I doubt that the main contribution to growth will come from exports . Instead I believe that we are likely to see is a boost to domestic demand and that will be the main driver of growth . Yes , we are likely to see an improvement in Japanese export growth , but it is not really the most important channel for how monetary easing works . …I think that the way we should think about the weaker yen is as an indicator for monetary easing . Hence , when we 're seeing the yen weaken , Japanese stock markets rallying and inflation expectations rise at the same time then it is pretty safe to assume that monetary conditions are indeed becoming easier . Of course the first we can conclude is that this shows that there is no “ liquidity trap ” . The central bank can always ease monetary policy – also when interest rates are zero or close to zero . The Bank of Japan is proving that at the moment . … the focus on the “ competitiveness channel ” is completely misplaced and the ongoing pick-up in Japanese growth is likely to be mostly about domestic demand rather than about exports .
While I am happy to acknowledge that today 's numbers likely are influenced by a number of special factors – such as increased private consumption ahead of planned sales tax hikes and likely also some distortions of the investment numbers I think it is clear that I overall have been right that what we have seen in the Japanese economy over the past year is indeed a moderate recovery led by domestic demand .
The biggest worry : Inflation targeting and a negative supply shock
That said , I am also worried about the momentum of the recovery and I am particularly concerned about the unfortunate combination of the Bank of Japan 's focus on inflation targeting – rather than nominal GDP targeting – than a negative supply shock .
This is particularly the situation where we are both going to see a sales tax hike – which will increase headline inflation – and we are seeing a significant negative supply shock due to higher energy prices . Furthermore note that the Abe administration 's misguided push to increase wage growth – to a pace faster than productivity growth – effectively also is a negative supply shock to the extent the policy is “ working ” .
While the BoJ has said it will ignore such effects on headline inflation it is likely to nonetheless at least confuse the picture of the Japanese economy and might make some investors speculate that the BoJ might cut short monetary easing .
This might explain three factors that have been worrying me . First , of all while broad money supply in Japan clearly has accelerated we have not seen a pick-up in money-velocity . Second , the Japanese stock market has generally been underperforming this year . Third , we are not really seeing the hoped pick-up in medium-term inflation expectations .
All this indicates that the BoJ are facing some credibility problems – consumers and investors seem to fear that the BoJ might end monetary easing prematurely .
To me there is only one way to fundamentally solve these credibility problems – the BoJ should introduce a NGDP level target of lets say 3-4 % . That would significantly reduce the fear among investors and consumers that the BoJ might scale back monetary easing in response to tax hikes and negative supply shocks , while at the same time maintain price stability over the longer run ( around 2 % inflation over the medium-term assuming that potential real GDP growth is 1-2 % ) .
PS Q1 2014 nominal GDP grew 3.1 % y/y against the prior reading of 2.2 % y/y .
PPS See also my previous post where I among other things discuss the problems of inflation targeting and supply shocks .
Advertisements
Photograph released by the Islamic State 's Wilayat Anbar allegedly showing the explosion from the suicide bombing near the Trebil border complex
The Islamic State has released photographs purporting to show a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device ( VBIED ) exploding near the Trebil border complex . The complex , which is part of the Karameh border crossing with Jordan , is in the Iraqi village of Trebil in the western province of Anbar . The attack , which was directed at an Iraqi Security Forces ( ISF ) checkpoint , is said to have killed or wounded several Iraqi military personnel .
The picture was produced by the Islamic State 's Wilayat Anbar and then disseminated on Twitter by its supporters . The terrorist organization has taken to releasing its propaganda that way as the social media site has cracked down on official Islamic State accounts . The provincial division ( Wilayat ) of Anbar is one of the Islamic State 's 18 declared provinces .
The attack , according to several Arabic-language news agencies , left at least four Iraqi military personnel dead and four others wounded . According to Iraqi Spring , an activist media group in Iraq , at least six military personnel were killed or wounded . The latter fits with a report from the Institute for the Study of War that says two Iraqi Army personnel were killed and four were wounded .
The Trebil crossing was captured by the Islamic State on June 22 , just a day after the group seized the Al Qaim border crossing with Syria . Al Qaim , an Iraqi city along the Euphrates River near Syria , is now part of the Islamic State 's Wilayat al Furat ( Euphrates Province ) . The Trebil crossing , however , was recaptured by the Iraqi military on June 24 . As such , it has been a contested area for some time .
Caleb Weiss is a contributor to FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation . Thanks for reading ! You can make a tax-deductible donation here .
The Obama administration sought to intimidate witnesses into not testifying to Congress on Tuesday about whether ATF knowingly allowed weapons , including assault rifles , to be “ walked ” into Mexico , the chairperson of a House committee investigating the program said in an interview Monday .
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Darrell E. Issa , California Republican , said at least two scheduled witnesses expected to be asked about a controversial weapons investigation known as “ Fast and Furious ” received warning letters from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to limit their testimony .
Mr. Issa 's committee is set to hear testimony from six current or former ATF employees , including agents and attaches assigned to the bureau 's offices in Mexico , about the operation — in which , federal agents say , they were told to stand down and watch as guns flowed from U.S. dealers in Arizona to violent criminals and drug cartels in Mexico .
The six-term lawmaker aired their concerns about the program in a wide-ranging interview with reporters and editors at The Washington Times on Monday .
Among other questions , the agents are likely to be asked about a large volume of guns showing up in Mexico that were traced back to the Fast and Furious program ; whether ATF officials in that country expressed concerns about the weapons to agency officials in the U.S. , only to be brushed aside ; and whether ATF officials in Arizona denied ATF personnel in Mexico access to information about the operation .
Nearly 50 weapons linked to the Fast and Furious program have been recovered to date in Mexico . Committee investigators said Mexican authorities also were denied information about the operation .
Mr. Issa also said they are certain the Fast and Furious operation was known by most top officials at the Justice Department and that Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. either knew and misled Congress , or was so out of the loop that he 's guilty of mismanagement .
“ How is it that the No . 2 , 3 , 4 at Justice all knew about this program , but the No . 1 did n't ? , ” Mr. Issa said . “ Is it because they said ‘ do n't tell me ' ? Is it because they knew what they were doing is wrong , and they were protecting their boss ? Or is it that Eric Holder is just so disconnected … ?
“ Whichever it is — they knew and he 's lied to Congress , or they did n't know , and he 's so detached that they are n't doing their job — that really probably is for the administration to make a decision on , sooner not later , ” Mr. Issa said .
Those scheduled to testify are William McMahon , ATF deputy assistant director for field operations in Phoenix and Mexico ; William Newell , former ATF special agent in charge at the Phoenix field division ; Carlos Canino , ATF acting attache to Mexico ; Darren Gil , former ATF attache to Mexico ; Jose Wall , ATF senior agent in Tijuana , Mexico ; and Lorren Leadmon , ATF intelligence operations specialist .
But after receiving subpoenas , at least two of the agents got letters from ATF Associate Chief Counsel Barry S. Orlow warning them to keep certain areas off-limits , including those still under investigation . Neither of the targeted agents was identified .
Mr. Issa said at least one witness wanted to back out of testifying to their committee after receiving the letter , but the chairperson declined that request . Instead they fired a letter back to William J. Hoover , deputy director of ATF , saying the “ timing and content of this letter strongly suggest that ATF is obstructing and interfering with the congressional investigation . ”
ATF , in a statement , said letters sent to agents subpoenaed to testify before Congress are “ essentially the same as the standard document provided to ATF witnesses subpoenaed to testify in court. ” It said the witnesses are “ encouraged to answer fully and candidly all questions concerning matters within their personal knowledge , ” but provide “ guidance ” about revealing statutorily prohibited information .
Mr. Orlow did not return messages left on their office and cell phones .
The Fast and Furious operation was halted in January after U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian A. Terry was killed in a Dec. 15 shootout with Mexican bandits 10 miles north of the U.S.-Mexico border near Rio Rico , Ariz . Authorities said two AK-47 assault rifles found at the scene were traced back to Fast and Furious “ straw buyers . ”
Mr. Issa said the ATF operation showed a “ callous disregard for what those weapons can and have done to Mexican citizens and even to one , perhaps two U.S. citizens and probably more before it is over. ” Their comment referred to new information that another weapon found at the scene of the ambush killing Feb. 15 of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Agent Jaime Zapata also was traced back to a straw buyer .
President Obama and Mr. Holder have both disavowed the program , and Mr. Holder said it was running without their approval .
Told of Mr. Issa 's concerns , Justice Department spokesperson Tracy Schmaler referred questions about the attorney general 's knowledge back to remarks in March when they said they referred concerns raised by ATF agents to the department 's Office of Inspector General , who is conducting an investigation .
When ATF field agents first began to question the Fast and Furious program , they received an email from their supervisor , David J. Voth , who wrote , “ We all need to get along and realize that we have a mission to accomplish. ” In a March 12 , 2010 , email , Mr. Voth said they were “ thrilled and proud ” their group was involved and assured the agents that “ people of rank and authority at HQ are paying close attention .
“ It may sound cheesy , but we are the tip of the ATF spear when it comes to Southwest border firearms trafficking . I will be damned if this case is going to suffer due to petty arguing , rumors or other adolescent behavior , ” they wrote . “ If you do n't think this is fun , you 're in the wrong line of work — period .
“ This is the pinnacle of domestic U.S. law enforcement techniques . After this , the toolbox is empty , ” they said . “ Maybe the Maricopa County Jail is hiring detention officers , and you can get paid $ 30,000 ( instead of $ 100,000 ) to serve lunch to inmates all day . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Facebook is n't just buying into mobile messaging -- it 's also going for gaming .
In a Tuesday afternoon shocker , Facebook announced it is buying hot virtual reality gaming company Oculus VR for $ 2 billion . That includes $ 400 million in cash and 23.1 million shares of Facebook stock . There 's also an additional $ 300 million potential earn-out in cash and stock based on `` the achievement of certain milestones . ''
Fresh off Facebook 's $ 19 billion purchase of WhatsApp , CEO Mark Zuckerberg is showing the world that they are n't afraid to use their company 's skyrocketing share price to get an edge in Silicon Valley . Facebook stock is up over 150 % in the last year and both the WhatsApp and Oculus deals took advantage of that with large stock-cash splits .
“ Mobile is the platform of today , and now we 're also getting ready for the platforms of tomorrow , ” Zuckerberg said in a statement . “ Oculus has the chance to create the most social platform ever , and change the way we work , play and communicate . ”
Facebook has given away $ 13.5 billion ( 8 % of its current market cap ) worth of stock in Whatsapp + # Oculus deals @ Forbes $ FB — Steven Bertoni ( @ StevenBertoni ) March 25 , 2014
Oculus ' virtual reality headset Rift set the gaming world on fire with its potential , even as it still has n't made it to the mass market yet . The second Oculus Rift development kit is available to pre-order for $ 350 . It is unclear exactly how Zuckerberg sees virtual reality fitting in with social media , or if gaming is even their primary focus with this purchase .
Watch Forbes ' JJ Colao experience the power of the Oculus Rift at this year 's South By Southwest :
In a Facebook post about the deal , Zuckerberg said Oculus `` is really a new communication platform . ''
`` After games , we 're going to make Oculus a platform for many other experiences , '' they wrote . `` Imagine enjoying a courtside seat at a game , studying in a classroom of students and teachers all over the world or consulting with a doctor face-to-face -- just by putting on goggles in your home . ''
Zuckerberg says FB wo n't try to make a profit off selling Occulus hardware , notes FB 's strong suit is communications & software . — Jeff Bercovici ( @ jeffbercovici ) March 25 , 2014
“ We are excited to work with Mark and the Facebook team to deliver the very best virtual reality platform in the world , ” Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe said in a statement . “ We believe virtual reality will be heavily defined by social experiences that connect people in magical , new ways . It is a transformative and disruptive technology , that enables the world to experience the impossible , and it 's only just the beginning . ”
Forbes ' 30 Under 30 list in January profiled 21-year-old Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey . Watch their video interview with Forbes editor Michael Noer :
Facebook stock dropped 1 % in after hours trading .
Follow Brian on Facebook and Twitter .
The battery is the heart of the electric car . Fraunhofer researchers have developed an energy storage device which is significantly more cost-effective over the entire life cycle in comparison with previous models . If one of the more than one hundred battery cells is defective , it can be replaced easily . Until now , the entire battery had to be replaced .
The core of electric cars are their batteries . So far , these have been monolithic blocks in which the individual battery cells as well as the necessary technology have been housed . All individual cells should theoretically be able to save the same amount of energy . In practice , though , this is somewhat different : due to production reasons , their capacities vary . This is problematic , since the cells are connected in series . The entire battery is therefore only as strong as its weakest cell . If this cell is `` empty , '' the remaining energy in the other battery cells does not help -- the car has to be recharged . For that reason , manufacturers presort and install cells of a similar capacity into a battery . Since some cells are sorted out as a result of this process , and this pushes the price of the batteries up . Another shortcoming is that when a cell is defective , the vehicle stops functioning . That means that the entire energy storage device has to be replaced .
Independent battery cells communicate with each other
Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for Manufacturing Engineering and Automation IPA in Stuttgart have now created an alternative . `` Our modular battery system solves these problems , '' says Dr. Kai Pfeiffer , Group Manager at the IPA . The trick : each battery cell has its own built-in microcontroller that records relevant physical parameters , such as the temperature and the state of charge of the cell . As a result , each cell knows what condition it is in . The cells `` talk '' to each other via the existing power wiring between battery cells . This is known as power-line communication . They can also communicate with other devices , such as the on-board computer , which uses the data from the cells to calculate how much remaining energy the entire battery still has , the so-called state of charge .
Greater range
If a cell is empty , but the others still have energy stored , the car does not have to stop , like it did before . Rather , the empty battery cell simply decouples from the cluster , acting like a current by-pass . The others continue to deliver energy . `` Depending on the cell quality , we can therefore increase the range by at least four percent , '' explains Pfeiffer . '' Over time , this effect is amplified : in the case of an old battery , and if the empty cells are replaced , it is conceivable that a range up to ten percent higher can be achieved . ''
Since one cell with lower capacity hardly affects the overall range of a car , the manufacturers no longer need to pre-sort it . This should significantly reduce costs . In addition , the capacities of the cells adapt to each other over time . This is because the ones that can store less energy are switched off earlier . The cells therefore run longer and , as a result , faster : their capacity decreases . And if a battery cell malfunctions , it is not necessary to bring the vehicle to the workshop . Since the car has more than one hundred cells , it does not depend on any individual one . And if the driver decides in favor of a repair , it is sufficient to merely replace the single cell instead of the entire battery .
The researchers have already developed a prototype of the battery cell . The challenge is now to miniaturize the electronics and embed them into cells . `` We want it to cost less than a euro , '' Pfeiffer says . Part of the development process is being conducted in the EU project `` 3Ccar . ''
For nearly four decades , Mark Gubin has been playing a prank on people flying into their hometown . As aircraft descend into Milwaukee 's Mitchell International airport , passengers are greeted with a warm , welcoming sign “ Welcome to Cleveland ” that Mark has painted on their roof . Gubin says that the sign – painted on the roof of their apartment in six-foot letters – has always succeeded at giving flyers a good scare :
There 's no real purpose for having this here except madness , Which I tend to be pretty good at .
.
The retired photographer revealed that they first got the idea for the sign from their assistant , when they were having lunch with them up on their roof in the late 1970s . They had noticed all the low-flying planes in the area , and told them it would be nice to make a sign to welcome people to Milwaukee . But then Mark came up with an even better idea : a sign welcoming them to the wrong city .
To avoid confusion , an announcement about the sign is usually made during a regular flight from Denver to Cleveland with a stop over at Milwaukee . Attendants reassure passengers that they have not missed their stop . However , the prankster has never received any complaints from the airport or any of the airlines that have flown over the sign .
Gubin 's prank is still ongoing and they continue to touch up the letters on their own roof , with whatever paint they have available :
It 's all tongue-in-cheek , just for fun . Living in the world is not a dress rehearsal . You better have fun with it .
Ryota Morioka in action for Japan in a match against Brazil / Getty Images
Slask Wroclaw Snap Up J-League Star Morioka
WROCLAW , Poland . January 23 ( PSN ) – Ryota Morioka has signed with Slask Wroclaw on a 2.5-year contract .
In Wroclaw it is clear that the club is delighted that the Japanese international will now sport green , white and red colors .
The 24-year-old midfielder throughout their entire career has only represented Vissel Kobe , where they spent six seasons .
During this time in the J-League they played 160 matches , scoring 26 goals and recording 29 assists . Alongside to this they appeared twice for the Japanese national team .
At Slask Wroclaw they are expected to be the team 's main playmaker .
Ryota Morioka themselves admitted that they wanted to continue their career in Europe .
“ There was interest from several teams , but Slask was the most concrete and therefore I am in Wroclaw. ” Morioka commented on the Slask official portal .
“ Very happy with the move and I 'm really looking forward to playing in front of the crowds in Wroclaw in our beautiful stadium , ”
For breaking stories and all the great banter like us on Facebook : facebook.com/psnfutbol
Grandma Cut Up $ 1.1 Million Before They Died , Maybe To Punish Them Heirs
An 85-year-old grandmother cut up $ 1.1 million dollars before they passed away in a retirement home . The money and their savings account books were recently found in tatters on their bed .
`` The damage of the money in the woman 's property is not a criminal matter , so we have not begun any investigation , '' state prosecutor Erich Habitzl told AFP .
While the elderly woman may have been trying to disinherit their heirs the hard way , OeNB , Austria 's main bank , says it will replace the money .
`` If the heirs can only find shreds of money and if the origin of the money is assured , then of course it can all be replaced , '' Friedrich Hammerschmidt , of OeNB , told Kurier , an Austrian newspaper .
`` If we did n't pay out the money then we would be punishing the wrong people , '' Hammerschmidt added .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
However , this family may want to count its blessings that their grandma only cut up money .
In August , a 68-year-old grandmother in Moscow , Russia , confessed to chopping up at least 12 people , noted TheTimes.co.uk .
Tamara Samsonova was investigated by police after security cameras filmed them carrying large boxes out of their apartment building which turned out to contain the bodies of some of their tenants .
The cops found a headless body and other body parts wrapped in a shower curtain . The gruesome granny may have eaten the rest of the remains .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
In addition to human remains , the cops found a hacksaw with bloodstains and a diary , written in three languages , detailing how people were murdered .
Sources : AFP via Yahoo ! News , TheTimes.co.uk / Photo Credit : Lisa Yarost/Flickr , Nick Ares/Flickr
undefined
If you are not Canadian , the name of this recipe might leave you scratching your head . What the heck is a “ Nanaimo ” ? Nanaimo is a city on Vancouver Island . My mom was born there . One of Nanaimo 's greatest claims to fame is the Nanaimo Bar . A traditional Nanaimo Bar is an intensely sweet treat , commonly sold in bakeries and coffee shops . My Nanaimo Bar Pie is an homage , but not a replica of the original recipe . My version has been adapted to be a healthier alternative ; it is gluten-free , dairy-free , egg-free and primarily raw .
A traditional Nanaimo Bar has three layers . The bottom layer is a coconut/chocolate/cookie mixture , the second layer is a vanilla custard icing , the top layer is a mixture of chocolate and butter . When I developed my recipe , I really wanted to stay true to the traditional textures . I think I 've done a pretty good job ! Since I use nuts to replace the icing/custard layer , mine is definitely nuttier . I chose macadamia nuts and cashews for their mild flavour . You could always use another type of nut , but traditional Nanaimo Bars are not nutty .
Anyone who has had a Nanaimo Bar will tell you that a little goes a long way . The same can be said for my recipe . I used a 6-inch cake pan , and got 8 servings out of it . Although I used a round pan , I highly recommend using a square pan instead . This treat is easier to eat when its cut in to squares . Another word of advice , after you initially freeze it…let it stand at room temperature for an hour or so before you try to cut it . If it 's still frozen , the top will crack when you cut in to it .
Vegan Nanaimo Bar Pie Prep Time : Prep Time : 20 minutes
Cook Time : Cook Time : 30 minutes
Total Time : Total Time : 50 minutes
Yield : Yield : 6-8 Servings Print Recipe Pin Recipe Ingredients Bottom Layer :
1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut
1/4 cup cocoa or cacao
1/4 cup almond meal
1/4 cup granular sweetener of choice
¼ cup coconut oil ( melted )
Middle Layer :
1.5 cups macadamia nuts or cashews
2 tbsp granular sweetener of choice
3 tbsp coconut oil ( melted )
2 tbsp vanilla protein powder ( I used Sun Warrior Raw Vegan Protein )
Top Layer :
3 oz Dark Chocolate 70 % or darker
1 tbsp coconut oil Instructions Starting with the base layer , mix all the dry ingredients together in a blender , food processor or bowl . Do n't over-process this layer . You want to get some texture from the shredded coconut.Mix in the melted coconut oil with a fork . Press this mixture in to the lined cake or loaf pan . Put this in the freezer while you work on the middle layer . In a high-powered blender or food processor , mix up all the middle layer ingredients . I did it in the Vitamix . If you do n't have a blender of food processor , you could use pre-made cashew butter . You want this layer to be smooth , no chunks . Pour this layer on top of the coconut layer and spread it evenly . Put this all back in the freezer and get started on the top layer . Chop up your chocolate in to small pieced for easier melting . Melt it over low heat ( double boiler if possible ) with the coconut oil . Once it 's melted , pour it on top of the other two layers and make sure it 's evenly spread . Put that bad boy in the freezer for atleast 30 minutes . Let it defrost slightly before cutting . Notes As with many of my recipes , I advocate tasting as you go along . You can tweak the sweetness to meet your preference .
We 've been here before . You and I , talking about takeout slides and the ethics behind them . In 2012 , Matt Holliday gorilla tumbled into second base , and they ensnared wee Marco Scutaro and broke him . It was a big deal back then , and there was an honest discussion about it .
In that article , there was a picture .
There was a poll .
Small samples , and I tend to attract whiny Giants fans , but I 'm pretty confident that 's not too far from the general consensus . Maybe instead of 2:1 , it was more of a 50/50 thing . Everyone forgot about it because Scutaro kept playing that series , but the play might have ended their career .
Before you move on , look at that picture again . Now , here 's what happened on Saturday night :
It 's worse . It 's clearly , unambiguously worse . Holliday slid earlier , and they slid toward the bag . Utley slid later and they targeted the fielder . Judge for yourself :
Your browser does not support iframes .
There are some letters of the law to discuss . First , that Ruben Tejada did n't touch second before they were broken , even though Major League Baseball has codified the right of the middle infielder to get the hell out of the way before he 's broken . Second , that Chase Utley never touched second base until they slithered out of the dugout and stepped on it after a weird umpire review . But those are minor points . We 're here to talk about the concept of a takeout slide .
Think about the play . It 's a baseball play . And on the broadcast , Cal Ripken , Jr. -- famous in part because he 's damned lucky this never happened to them -- vacantly said it was a good , solid baseball play . Other ex-middle infielders suggested it was just a baseball play . Just hard-nosed baseball , everyone .
This also used to be hard-nosed baseball :
No one was ejected , no one was suspended . No one even tweeted about it at the time , if you can believe it . Hal McRae was one of the more ... enthusiastic practitioners of the takeout slide , but it was still allowed .
Eventually the folks in charge , not wanting to explain a severed spine , passed the Hal McRae Rule . That is , a runner had to be close enough to the base to touch it , or else they were called out . Utley could have touched second base . ( So could McRae in that GIF , mind you . )
Utley did n't , and they were ruled safe . Even though they were called out . Which means that the only reason they were safe on appeal was because the dude with the BROKEN LEG did n't roll over and give them a love tap after the runner was called out just to be sure , even though there 's no reason to do that . But I digress . Utley could have touched the base . In theory . So they did n't do anything wrong .
That was the old rule , though . This is the current rule :
Rule 5.09 ( a ) ... The objective of this rule is to penalize the offensive team for deliberate , unwarranted , unsportsmanlike action by the runner in leaving the baseline for the obvious purpose of crashing the pivot man on a double play , rather than trying to reach the base . Obviously this is an umpire 's judgment play
Did they leave the baseline ? Depends . Here are some baselines :
Perhaps those baselines extend into infinity .
The rules do n't say that 's not the case ! So you might be on Team Utley . Around the bag , beyond the bag , it 's all fair play . It 's all hard-nosed baseball .
Let 's forget Utley 's culpability in this , then . Even though they had absolutely no intention of `` reaching the base . '' Even though they have long been accused of being a little more Hal McRae than their peers . Even though he 's done this before .
Utley slides from a month ago pic.twitter.com/k8hoUUpq5g — Mike Rosenberg ( @ RosenbergMerc ) October 11 , 2015
We 'll just assume Utley plays hard . Wants to win . Ca n't stand losing , and this is the postseason . They give 110 percent , and they lie awake at night wondering how to give 111 percent . Let 's assume that Utley was a team player trying to win . Here 's what they were thinking :
breakupthedoubleplaybreakupthedoubleplaybreakupthedoubleplay
He 's probably not thinking about murdering Ruben Tejada . I write `` probably '' because that would be a perfect cover for a sociopath , to become one of the most skilled athletes in the world and then demolish people when you get there . But , no , Utley was probably thinking only of the double play and how to stop it . What you term `` the dirtiest player in baseball '' might be synonymous with `` guy who stops .03 seconds later than their peers when trying to do what he 's been taught to do their entire life . '' It 's a fine line .
If baseball allows this , then , it 's saying that breakupthedoubleplaybreakupthedoubleplaybreakupthedoubleplay is something so pure , so intrinsic to baseball 's algorithm , that it 's worth the broken legs and ruined careers that come from it . It 's not Utley 's fault . It 's the implied idea that this is a part of baseball 's beauty and balance .
That 's probably not true .
There 's precedent , here . It 's the Alex Avila Rule , commonly known as the Buster Posey Rule , even though the rules did n't actually change until it was the son of a baseball executive who was sucked into the garbage disposal of tradition . Under the Alex Avila Rule , runners were prohibited from bowling catchers over on purpose . They could n't attempt to dislodge the ball by force , and the catchers could n't block the baseline . For a few months it was really confusing , as catchers who were kinda/sorta/maybe in the baseline started costing their teams runs . It was an uncomfortable transition . There was grumbling .
And then , goodness , home plate collisions were just gone forever . Fewer stretchers , fewer updates with the words `` had feeling in their extremities . '' They went away , and the confusing ambiguities went away as the catchers became more experienced . When a runner is out at home plate after a swipe tag , about 1.2 percent of the baseball-loving population screams `` NO , NO , NO , THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN A RUN IF They HAD JUST SEVERED Their HEAD WITH A WELL-PLACED FOREARM . '' The other 98.8 percent know those people are loons who will die alone and angry .
No one misses home-plate collisions anymore . Not anyone we care about , anyway . The people who lament the passing of a dead rule are a dying breed . It 's all going extinct . Takeout slides are going extinct , too , and you just watched a death rattle .
Here was why I was ambiguous about takeout slides three years ago :
Unlike the brutality and brainlessness of a home-plate collision , a good takeout slide fits with the timing and geometric precision of baseball . It 's a late slide , designed to use the letter of the law for a temporary advantage . A player can slide a foot from the bag whenever they want , but there 's only one time when it makes sense . Any changes to the existing rule could mess up the flow of the game . Runners could be wary of takeout slides altogether , preferring to slide normally instead of risking an automatic out , ejection , or fine . I 'm not sure if that 's worth it .
Here , then , is a perfect example of a late slide that had nothing to do with the timing and geometric precision of baseball . It had nothing to do with getting to second base by any means necessary . It had nothing to do with sliding a little late , tee hee , to mess the other player up . It was about physically deconstructing another player -- in a way that often leads to injury -- because that 's just what you 're supposed to do .
In the next couple years , it wo n't be what you 're supposed to do . The new rule is going to be something like , `` You can slide late . You can slide just before you reach the bag . But so help me , if you peel off and destroy a fielder trying to get out of the way , we will send you to the moon without a phone and you will eat moon cheese for food and drink your own urine for hydration . '' It will make sense . There will be a transition period . And then we 'll all get used to it , and fewer stretchers will carry baseball players off the field .
The only caveat is that baseball already has those rules . So it 's more about tightening them up and adhering to a strict no-foolin ' policy . Late slides probably are n't going anywhere . Slides to the far reaches of the bag , in a clear attempt to screw up the play , even if there 's a risk of injury , are going away .
Do you remember how the season started ? Everyone was arguing about whether cleats were too high .
That 's adorable . It 's all fun and games until a leg is broken and a Division Series game is lost .
We 'll look back at articles like this in five years and laugh . They 'll be the tattoo you got when you were 18 , the quote in your yearbook . What were we thinking ? How could it possibly be okay to obliterate a player at one base , but not the other ? How did it make sense to risk career-threatening injuries just because that 's the way it 's always been ?
It wo n't make Ruben Tejada feel better , but he 's prevented future broken legs . Rest in peace , garbage takeout slides at second base . Rest in peace , and let 's just start shoveling dirt on you , just to make sure .
* * *
Geraint Thomas tweets their disgust at 'relegation ' of Team Sky sprinter Danny Van Poppel after they slid out in the sprint on stage four of the Tour de Suisse
Geraint Thomas took to social media on Tuesday evening to air their disgust at the reported ‘ relegation ' of Sky team-mate Danny Van Poppel after the sprint on stage four of the Tour de Suisse .
Van Poppel was sat in fourth wheel just behind race leader Peter Sagan ( Tinkoff ) coming into the finish in Champagne when they slid out . As the riders hit full speed to prepare for the sprint , they had to navigate a tight right-hand bend within the final 200 metres .
Van Poppel braked hard to avoid hitting Sagan , and slid out to the left , hitting the barriers . Remarkably , they managed to stay upright . According to Thomas – who is leading Team Sky at the Tour de Suisse – Van Poppel was subsequently relegated by race commissaires , although their 26th position still appeared to be in place in the official results contradicting Thomas 's claim .
> > > Watch : Danny Van Poppel 's amazing save as they slide across the road in Tour de Suisse ( video )
“ So @ UCI-cycling judges relegated Danny for dangerous riding… What do you expect with a corner like that less than 150m to go , ” wrote Thomas on Twitter .
Irishman Matt Brammeier ( Dimension Data ) branded the position of corner and subsequent relegation of Van Poppel as ‘ not acceptable ' .
Fabian Cancellara branded the final corner ‘ ridiculous ' , saying “ How ridiculous was this sprint today in @ tds . I guess something is wrong with the rules # UCI lucky nobody crash into the hospital [ sic ] ” .
Sky 's Wout Poels said “ I hope this is a joke . In Dauphiné was head butt allowed ? ” referring to an incident in the Critérium du Dauphiné when Christophe Laporte ( Cofidis ) and Michael Morkov ( Katusha ) engaged in a tussle on stage one .
Trek-Segafredo rider Gregory Rast echoed Brammeier 's calls for race organisers to include a smoother run-in to the finish on sprint stages , saying “ The UCI should make better sure we do n't need to do a final like this ! # ridiculous ” .
On Wednesday morning , Adam Hansen ( Lotto-Soudal ) sent a tweet out for riders at the Tour de Suisse to say that the Professional Cyclists Association ( CPA ) had sent out a message to riders asking them to vote on whether the finish should have included the final corner . According to the CPA 's following tweet , 91 per cent thought it should n't .
Maximiliano Richeze ( Etixx-QuickStep ) won the stage with Sagan placing third to retain the overall race lead . The Tour de Suisse continues on Wednesday with the race 's first mountain stage .
Audio geeks and songwriters have another tool at their disposal : FourTrack , a well-designed app for the iPhone or iPod Touch that records , mixes and plays up to four tracks like a shrunken version of Pro Tools . There 's no way it 'll replace your main recording setup , but then again , you ca n't put your main recording setup in your pocket .
FourTrack ( iTunes link ) is the work of Sonoma Wire Works , makers of the desktop recording software RiffWorks , and The Retronyms , makers of Recorder , the top-selling ( single-track ) recording software in the App Store . After a few days of pre-release testing , we can safely say that this is asolid , functional app that justifies its $ 10 price formusicians and anyone else who messes around with audio despite – or perhaps because of – its rudimentary , four-track-like functionality .
Legend has it that Michael Jackson devised the ridiculously catchybassline for `` Billie Jean '' while sitting in a tree . Maybe , if he 'd had this , they could have written thewhole song up there .
The screenshot to the right represents the bulk of the application , where you can arm tracks to record , set playback levels and pans , activate the recording process or skip to any point in the song by tapping the progress bar or rolling the jog wheel .
Recording and mixing are a snap thanks to intuitivecontrols and a record switch that requires a sliding motion toprevent you from accidentally recording over a previous track . While there 's no way to see waveforms , the app'slive monitoring function lets you listen along to the one-to-three tracksyou 've already laid down , which gives enough of an indication of whereyou need to be within a given song . There 's no gain control either ,
but at least you can monitor recording levels to check for clipping .
Each track can be as long as your device 's memory can handle , andthe program can contain an unlimited number ofprojects . We like that you never have to save – everything you record gets storedautomatically .
However , the iPhone/iPod Touch hardware is an occasional issue when it comes to recording . TheiPhone 's built-in speaker is too soft to allow the program to be usedin any meaningful way without headphones , and not every pair ofheadphones has a skinny enough jack to fit into the first-generationiPhone . Plus , there 's currently no way to use a high-quality mic , and the software does n't work on the first-generation iPod Touch – just second-generation models that can be used with a third-party microphone ) .
Each track gets stored as a separate , mono , 44.1 kHzWAV file that can be easily transferred to any computer on your WiFi network , another one of our favorite features .
With your iPhone or iPod Touch connected to your wireless network , activatethe WiFi Sync option to generate a URL to enter into your computer'sbrowser . Then you can download the four recorded tracks directly to your computerand into the audio editing software of yourchoice .
Another nice touch : FourTrack adds blank space to the beginning ormiddle of each WAV file , so that all you need to do is line them up inyour audio software with each track starting at the same time to put allof the tracks in sync with each other . However , anypanning or mixing done on the phone gets lost during the transfer . No big deal – this is a sketch pad , not a canvas .
Here 's a screenshot of the recording process :
Then it 's time to mix the levels and pan tracks left and right :
The song list displays your projects , lets you create new ones , and handles syncing over WiFi :
Songs can be relabeled at any time :
When you activate WiFi sync , the iPhone seeks permission to connect , and then it does – no muss , no fuss . You can transfer the files onto your computer through a browser :
See Also :
Three individuals and the railway company whose train exploded in Lac-Mégantic , Que. , last summer will be charged with criminal negligence on Tuesday , according to the Quebec prosecutor 's office .
The provincial prosecutor 's office said in a statement that it is filing charges of criminal negligence against three of the company 's employees , including Thomas Harding , the engineer who was operating the train before it crashed . Montreal , Maine & Atlantic Railway Ltd. is also facing charges .
The other two employees facing charges are Jean Demaître and Richard Labrie . Mr. Demaître was listed as a manager of train operations for MM & A immediately before the accident , but their name was later removed from the company 's website . Mr. Labrie was a company controller , according to a spokesperson for the provincial prosecutor 's office , who could not confirm whether Mr. Labrie was working the night of the accident .
Story continues below advertisement
René Verret , a spokesperson for the Crown 's office , said all three men were arrested on Monday afternoon and will appear in court on Tuesday . They are expected in the Lac-Mégantic courthouse around 2 p.m .
Mr. Harding 's lawyer , Thomas Walsh , said the provincial police deployed excessive means to arrest their client .
A heavily armed tactical squad showed up with sirens blaring and forced Mr. Harding , their son and a family friend to drop to the ground so they could be handcuffed , the defence lawyer said .
`` They 're trying to swat a fly with a cannon . It was like an invasion , '' Mr. Walsh told Radio-Canada Tuesday morning .
They said they had repeatedly told the Crown to issue summons `` and Mr. Harding would show up , as they have always done before every time they were questioned [ by police ] . ''
Sergeant Aurélie Guindon , a spokesperson for the Sûreté du Québec , said the force would not comment on Mr. Walsh 's remarks .
Mr. Walsh said they did not know if the three men were charged jointly . They may need separate court proceedings because Mr. Harding is anglophone and could request a trial in English while the other two are francophones .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The devastating accident occurred early on July 6 after a train hauling volatile crude oil broke free from its brakes and careered down a hill into the small town of Lac-Mégantic , causing a massive explosion that destroyed several downtown blocks and killed 47 people .
Mr. Harding had parked the train at the top of a hill in Nantes , Que. , and later retired to a hotel room in Lac-Mégantic for the night . After a fire broke out the train 's locomotive , local firefighters were called to the scene , where they extinguished the fire and turned off the locomotive .
The Globe and Mail reported in September that a preliminary investigation suggested that the fire was caused by a broken piston . The problem caused unburned fuel to seep throughout the engine , resulting in smoke and sparks on the locomotive .
When firefighters turned off the engine , the air brakes that were holding the train in place gradually stopped working . The Transportation Safety Board said not enough handbrakes had been set on the cars as a backup to the air brakes , and the train rolled down the hill into town , where its crude oil cargo exploded .
MM & A did not have enough insurance to cover the disaster , which will run into the billions of dollars including lawsuits and cleanup costs . The railway filed for bankruptcy protection from its creditors last year and its assets have since been sold to another U.S.-based company .
Edward Burkhardt , who was MM & A 's chairperson before the company 's assets were sold , could not immediately be reached for comment .
Story continues below advertisement
The owner of the Musi-Café , the bar at the centre of the disaster , was at a surprise party with friends when they heard about the charges . Yannick Gagné was to announce the start of work on rebuilding the Musi-Café on Tuesday . The announcement is now in doubt .
`` We do n't know what 's going on any more , '' they said . `` I wo n't go see them in court , even if there was n't a conflict , I would n't go . It 's more important for me to get my life started again . ''
Raymond Lafontaine , a local business person , lost family members in the explosion . On Monday night , they were at a city council meeting where they heard that oil trains could start rolling through town again .
`` They destroyed half my family . I 'll be there in court , '' they said . `` These arrests are justified . These men had a specific job to do . If they had done their jobs well , people would n't have died . ''
Federal Transport Minister Lisa Raitt issued a statement on Monday evening thanking the Quebec police . `` I understand that this is difficult for those affected by the tragic incident in Lac Mégantic . As the matter is now before the courts , we have no further comment , '' they said .
With a report from Tu Thanh Ha
Story continues below advertisement
( Editor 's Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly used the term hydraulic brakes instead of air brakes . )
In Southern California , generations of immigrants are creating an evolving definition of `` American . '' Multi-American is your source for news , conversation and insight on this emerging regional and national identity .
The fight over Glendale 's monument to World War II 'comfort women ' slogs on .
A few weeks after a federal judge dismissed a lawsuit seeking the bronze statue 's removal by a conservative group of residents of Japanese descent , the plaintiffs have filed an appeal in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
The plaintiffs , who are members of the Global Alliance for Historical Truth , have also filed a new lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court alleging `` administrative negligence '' by the City Council and the City Manager for not subjecting the wording on the statue 's plaque to a vote . The inscription urges the Japanese government `` to accept historical responsibility for these crimes . ''
In a statement e-mailed to KPCC by their Pasadena-based lawyer William DeClercq , the plaintiffs said :
GAHT does not seek to interfere with the international relations of Japan with the United States or any other country . To the contrary , GAHT is eager to improve them through a balanced examination of the issue of wartime prostitution and of Japan 's experience in redressing its past in this regard . GAHT deplores this issue being used to create a negative image of Japan , Japanese citizens , and Japanese Americans in order to weaken the US-Japan strategic partnership that has flourished for over 60 years and has been the backbone of the U.S. policy in East Asia .
Glendale city attorney Michael Garcia was not available for comment .
The plaintiffs challenge views by mainstream historians that the Japanese military during World War II used sex slaves from Korea , China and other countries . In Gingery v. City of Glendale filed February , they assert the city is meddling in foreign affairs . Lead plaintiff Michiko Gingery said the monument of a young Korean comfort woman was so upsetting they had stopped visiting the park where it sits .
The Korean American Forum of California which worked with Glendale officials to install the monument in the city 's Central Park blasted the appeal as `` frivolous . ''
In a statement , the KAFC said the lawsuit was `` designed to scare off any other city , county or local government bodies from recognizing and/or installing a memorial to remember the pain and suffering the victims went through . ''
KAFC continues to look for California cities who will help preserve the memory of comfort women , many of whom have died . This month , Fullerton officials voted to support a House of Representatives resolution that urges the Japanese government to formally apologize for wartime sex slavery .
Albany International Airport
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport
Austin International Airport
Bradley International Airport
Birmingham International Airport
Nashville International Airport
Boise Airport
Buffalo Niagara International Airport
Burbank Airport
Baltimore/Washington International Airport
Akron-Canton Airport
Charleston International Airport
Cleveland International Airport
Port Columbus International Airport
Dallas Love Field
Denver International Airport
Des Moines International Airport
Detroit Metro Airport
El Paso International Airport
Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport
Spokane International Airport
Gerald R. Ford International Airport
Houston Hobby Airport
Washington Dulles International Airport
Wichita Mid-Continent Airport
Jacksonville International Airport
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport
Los Angeles International Airport
Little Rock National Airport
Kansas City International Airport
Orlando International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
Memphis International Airport
Manchester Airport
General Mitchell International Airport
Oakland International Airport
Ontario International Airport
Norfolk International Airport
Palm Beach International Airport
Portland International Airport
Philadelphia International Airport
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport
Southwest Airlines announced Wednesday that its customers can now keep using their personal electric devices like tablets , e-book readers and music players throughout their flights , including on the ground.But Southwest said its gate-to-gate capability also includes the ability to keep using its Wi-Fi service on the ground . Its Wi-Fi provider , Row 44 , uses satellite-based signals that work everywhere , not just when the airplane is in the air . `` We know this is something customers have wanted for some time now , and we 're excited to give them the freedom to use personal devices while in the air and on the ground , '' Southwest chief marketing officer Kevin Krone said in the carrier 's announcement. “ With free live TV compliments of DISH and the ability to stay connected for the entire flight , customers can count on Southwest for the best customer experience in the business , '' Krone said.Southwest has trailed a number of its large competitors in getting the service up and running . Its announcement comes nearly three weeks after the Federal Aviation Administration announced Oct. 31 that it would allow airline passengers to use their electronic devices gate to gate.The old rules required that devices be shut off below 10,000 feet , meaning you could n't use them while waiting to take off or for a short period during the takeoff climb , nor at the airplane was approaching the airport.Before an airline could allow passengers to use the devices under the revised rules , the carrier had to show the FAA that its aircraft systems were n't affected by the passengers ' electronic devices.JetBlue Airways and Delta Air Lines both claimed to be first in offering the expanded usage on Nov. 1 . Since then , American Airlines and US Airways have also begun allowing the gate-to-gate capability.Even with the new rules , larger devices like laptops still must be stored , and no mobile phones or other communications devices may use a cellular signal during the flight.As to Krone 's reference to DISH : Southwest this summer began offering free DISH service during flights with a selection of news and entertainment programs . At present , the trial service is offered for free . The carrier and DISH have n't indicated how long the free trial will continue.While we 're on the subject of Southwest , we also need to take note that Southwest last Thursday joined the Transportation Security Administration 's Pre Check program . Passengers who are in Pre Check get dedicated security checkpoint lanes and do n't have to undress as much or take so much out of their carry-ons when they pass through the screening . `` We carry more customers in the U.S. than any other airline , and they are going to love the benefits of TSA Pre Check , '' Southwest chairperson and CEO Gary Kelly said in last week 's announcement.TSA at Dallas Love Field offers the Pre Check lanes and screening . For the complete list of Southwest-served airports in the program , keep reading .
England 's George Ford during training at Brighton College on May 16 .
First-five George Ford 's drop in form is down to tactics employed by Todd Blackadder at Bath and the club 's style of play has restricted their development , England coach Eddie Jones has said .
Ford lost their place in the Bath lineup when Blackadder opted for Rhys Preistland as theirs starting No 10 for the last two rounds of the Premiership season .
Jones , however , had no concerns about the form of the 24-year-old as they prepare to face the Barbarians at Twickenham on Sunday ( Monday NZ Time ) before heading out to Argentina for two tests next month .
`` Sometimes players in their clubs are asked to play in a different way and it does n't suit them , '' Jones told reporters .
READ MORE : RWC draw perfect for England - Jones
`` I saw plenty of effort from George . How they were being asked to play for Bath does n't really suit how they play and it restricted their development . ''
Next season , Ford will return to the Leicester Tigers four years after leaving Welford Road for Bath .
`` You want to be a part of a successful team , '' Ford said .
`` I 'm looking forward to rejoining Leicester and hopefully be part of a team that can really challenge and win trophies again because I know that 's what the club want to do . ''
Britain is going to take ownership of 2,950 kg of waste plutonium that it has been storing at Sellafield nuclear facility for European companies and may reprocess it into fuel for a new generation of nuclear plants yet to be built , officials said .
Britain is home to more spent civilian plutonium than any other country in the world . The Office for Nuclear Regulation said that as of December 2011 Britain was storing 118.2 tons of plutonium , of which 27.9 tons is owned by foreign entities .
Now London wants to recycle some of the stored substance into mixed oxide fuel ( MOX ) , to be used for a new generation of nuclear power stations , which are currently under discussion .
Tuesday , the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) announced the UK will take control of 1,850 kg of plutonium which was previously earmarked to repay France . In a series of complex swaps , Sellafield will assume control of 750 kg of German-owned plutonium and 350 kg of Dutch owned material .
The deal has been approved by Britain 's Nuclear Decommissioning Authority and the DECC insists that the change of ownership does not mean more nuclear fuel will be stored in the country .
“ There are advantages to having national control over more of the civil plutonium in the UK as this gives us greater influence over how we ultimately manage it , ” Michael Fallon , Britain 's minister of state for energy , said in statement .
The DECC declined to say to what extent the ownership transfers benefited British taxpayers .
The UK government currently spends 2 billion pounds ( $ 3.1 billion ) a year on managing its growing plutonium mountain . These expenses are not expected to be alleviated soon . None of the new nuclear power stations are due to become operational until the 2020 's , and it is still unclear how many of them are going to be built . Even the MOX plant constructed by the French is not expected to be finished by 2015 .
Plutonium is a radioactive by-product found in spent nuclear fuel when it is removed from a nuclear reactor . It can be recycled , although the process is expensive and technologically difficult It is used to make MOX fuel , which is an alternative to low-enriched uranium and usually comes as a blend of plutonium and uranium .
Some of the plutonium stored in Britain comes from the country 's own nuclear weapons program of the 1950 's and 1960 's and was created by the UK 's first generation of nuclear reactors – the Magnox reactor .
Magnox reactors ended up producing far more plutonium than the UK needed , partly because they were operated for longer than envisaged and partly because during the miners ' strike of 1972 and 1974 and the three day week of 1973 they were run at full tilt just to keep the lights on .
When the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed 15,000 , it had me dreaming of bigger things .
Specifically : Dow 116,200 .
That was the market level predicted by mutual fund pioneer Bill Berger in a 1995 speech at a Society of American Business Editors and Writers conference in Boston , and it was almost as laughable as — with the Dow at 4,500 — as it seems now , when it stands more than 100,000 points into the Dow 's future .
Berger was n't expecting hyperinflation on the index ; instead , the 70-something founder of the Berger Funds ( which shuttered shortly after their death a few years later ) said the market would reach their magic number in 2040 . They wryly suggested that if they were proved wrong , people should visit them in the 2040s to discuss it .
Yet with the Dow at 15,000 , it does n't really look like Berger will be off by much , as far-fetched as it seems .
I look back on Berger 's prediction periodically because they could not have foreseen the events that have happened since . In fact , that was a huge part of the point they were making at the time , about the difficulty of forecasting .
In 1995 , the market was about to catch fire , and Berger did n't live long enough to see the Internet bubble burst . They were not predicting the horrendous 2000s and , in fact , their point in looking out so far was that they did n't feel that interim events — even catastrophic ones like the financial crisis of 2008 — would make much of a difference on what the market would do in the very long term .
It 's a lesson worth revisiting at a time when many investors are worried that the market can not maintain its current highs , let alone proceed on any pace that would make 116,200 ever be a reality .
Getty Images Traders work on the floor of The New York Stock Exchange on March 5 , 2013 .
The basis for Berger 's forecast was simple . By 1995 , he 'd been in the investment business for 45 years , and had seen the Dow go from below 200 to just over 4,300 . Mathematically , Berger saw the Dow 's future as reflecting what had happened in the past , thus moving it from 1995 levels to 116,200 in 45 years .
Using easy , round numbers , the Dow needed roughly 16.5 years to triple from the time of Berger 's prediction , crossing 13,000 early in 2012 .
Using the Rule of 115 — a rough measure of how long it takes for something to triple based on a constant return — that 's a gain of roughly 7 % per year .
If that rate of return holds for the future — and it 's smack in the middle of the 6 % to 8 % long-term range that many market observers believe is realistic — then the Dow would triple twice more over the next 32 years .
If that happens , the Dow will cross 116,200 sometime in 2045 , a bit after Berger 's time frame but not wildly off base , especially when considering that the forecast would have made investors break out in hysterics had it been made , say , any time after 2000 .
Plenty of market watchers will tell you that we are living in changing times , that the 45 years covered by Berger 's forecast are radically different than the ones included in their investing career .
That actually would play to their point , which essentially is “ markets go up over time ; hold them long enough and you 'll be rewarded more than by following any forecast of what is likely to happen next . ”
Investors want to attach significance to market milestones , but a new level for the stock market is more like crossing a state-line than breaking the sound barrier . It signals that a new territory is being entered ; it does n't change the game .
Meaningful or not , investors typically react to landmarks by :
A ) Seeing it as a warning that the market is getting too high , so that they back off or go into wait-and-see mode to determine if the market is resisting the new highs .
B ) Viewing it as a sign of things to come , so they jump on board to make sure they do n't miss out on the index 's next benchmark .
C ) Treating it like any other number , having no more impact on what happens next than yesterday 's box scores have on games scheduled for tomorrow .
While short-term moves can pay off , the real question is whether they jeopardize long-term strategy . It 's more important to capture the market 's performance over a lifetime , rather than a week , month or year .
There have been times since Berger 's forecast — such as the Internet bubble days as the Dow barreled towards 10,000 — when their prediction seemed way too low , and other times — like the two bear markets in the 2000s — when it looked way too lofty .
Of course , during those periods , the market was volatile , but its move was not sustainable indefinitely .
While it feels great to load up when the market is running and avoid the pain when it is lagging , the average investor needs to recognize that their mission is to capture the trend over their lifetime , whether the Dow is at 5,000 , 15,000 or anywhere up to and beyond 116,200 .
What Berger said in 1995 holds true today : “ There 's not an investor who has been alive for the last 60 years or more who has n't seen the market rise over their lifetimes. ” That period included a chunk of the Great Depression .
“ So I do n't know exactly where the market is going over the next five or six decades , ” Berger said , “ but I know it will be up . ”
That 's about as much as any investor should read into a market milestone . Berger noted that market milestones tend to bring out the forecasters and prognosticators , and they cited what they called “ the two rules of forecasting . ”
Rule 1 : For each forecast , there is an equal and opposite forecast .
Rule 2 : Both of them are wrong .
Keep that in mind as you consider Dow 15,000 and you hear the market-watchers and soothsayers tell you what they feel is about to happen . If you must find peace of mind in a forecast , find one that takes a long view over a significant , meaningful time period .
There 's a decent chance the Dow hits 116,200 before 2050 ; it may even do it on Berger 's time frame of 2040 . About the only thing investors should count on , however , is that the journey from here to there will be long , bumpy and difficult to make .
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox . Subscribe to MarketWatch 's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter . Sign up here .
Houston Dash forward Melissa Henderson announced their retirement from professional soccer after five seasons in the NWSL .
“ With a heavy , yet peaceful heart , I close a chapter of my life that has brought me so much joy these last 23 years , ” Henderson said . “ To my family , teammates , coaches , friends and fans – thank you . You have been a part of God 's journey for me from the beginning . Your love , support and encouragement have become my backbone throughout my career . ”
The Garland , Texas , native made 37 appearances with 32 starts and tallied two assists during their three seasons with the Dash . Houston acquired Henderson via trade from FC Kansas City in July 2014 . Henderson made 22 regular season appearances ( 16 starts ) with FCKC in 2013-14 , and scored one goal in the 2013 NWSL playoffs .
Henderson was a four-year letter winner at the University of Notre Dame . They finished their Notre Dame career tied for the fourth-most goals in school history ( 70 ) and led the Fighting Irish to the 2010 NCAA National Championship . They were a two-time first team All-America and three-time first team All-Big EAST selection . Henderson also earned Big East Offensive Player of the Year awards and was first runner-up for the Hermann Trophy during their junior year in 2010 . As a junior at Berkner High School in Richardson , Texas , Henderson was named Gatorade High School Player of the Year .
By Jack Kelly - October 29 , 2012
The Navy needs more ships , Mitt Romney said in last Monday 's debate . It has fewer now than in 1916 .
President Barack Obama pounced . `` Well , governor , we also have fewer horses and bayonets , because the nature of our military 's changed , '' they said , their voice dripping with sarcasm . `` We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them ... ``
In the spin room , some journalists laughed and applauded . Liberals imagine themselves to be intellectually and morally superior to conservatives . They love to put them down .
But `` sarcasm and condescension only work if the speaker 's presumption of lofty superior knowledge is borne out by their command of actual facts , '' said Pastor Donald Sensing , a retired Army colonel .
Mr. Obama was wrong on both the thrust of their argument , and on the examples they used . Aircraft carriers need smaller ships to protect them , lest they be sunk . The military has many more bayonets now than in 1916 . Marines think so highly of them they 've designed a new one , modeled on the famous KA-BAR fighting knife . Special Forces soldiers on horseback were critical to ousting the Taliban .
The facts matter little to liberals . Their assumption of intellectual superiority is n't based on actual knowledge . Journalists declared the president the winner of the debate .
But facts and civility do matter to most Americans . A CBS panel of undecided voters in Ohio chose Mr. Romney , 6-2 . A video of the dismay of CBS `` This Morning '' co-host Norah O'Donnell when this was reported is zipping across the Internet .
The Navy and shipbuilding are very important in southeast Virginia . With their wisecrack , the president may have kissed the state goodbye .
It is n't just in Virginia where Mr. Obama 's fortunes are plummeting . When Missouri is n't a swing state , but Minnesota is , Democrats are in big trouble . No challenger who 's cracked 50 percent in Gallup 's tracking poll has ever lost . Mr. Romney is polling better at this point in the campaign than did every victorious challenger from 1968 on .
It 's hard to see how the president can mount a comeback . Their strategy of demonizing Mitt Romney collapsed when Americans saw in the first debate the GOP candidate has neither horns nor hooves . In an NBC/WSJ poll Monday , 62 percent of respondents said they want `` significant change '' from Mr. Obama 's policies , but he 's offered little in the way of an agenda for a second term . Instead they make excuses , and ever more petty attacks . Voters now think Mr. Romney is just as `` likeable '' as Mr. Obama .
So the question may not be whether Mr. Romney will win , but by how much . When this dawns on Ms. O'Donnell , the video will be priceless .
Our politics are now so polarized I doubt that any candidate in either party -- not even JFK or Ronald Reagan -- could win much more than 52 percent of the popular vote . But law professor and blogger Glenn Reynolds ( Instapundit ) thinks the odds of a preference cascade are rising .
Economist Timur Kuran coined the term to explain why totalitarian regimes usually collapse suddenly . A preference cascade happens when people discover millions of others share their doubts about the Great Leader . Massive media bias has made the term applicable here , Mr. Reynolds said . The Barack Obama that Americans saw in the debates bears little resemblance to the heroic figure portrayed by the news media .
The crowds have been enormous at Romney/Ryan events this past week . If this is the start of a preference cascade , many Democrats may drown in the undertow . The Obama campaign has vacuumed up so much Democratic money there 's little left for other candidates .
In yet another fund-raising appeal on Tuesday , Mr. Obama said they and Michelle would be fine if they lose . If the president 's friends are indeed buying them a $ 35 million mansion in Hawaii , as Chicago blogger Kevin Dujan ( Hillbuzz ) claims , that 's certainly true . But public employee unions , crony capitalists and others who feed at the public trough have reason to panic .
Underlings must wonder if there will be legal consequences for the laws they 've broken . I predict an orgy of document shredding Nov. 7 .
The biggest losers could be `` mainstream '' journalists . Their blatant bias has dropped trust in the news media to an all-time low . It 'll plunge further if more evidence of collusion with the administration emerges . Nobody trusts a liar . There will be bankruptcies .
GNOME 3.12 hit the download servers earlier today , but among the reams of changes on offer what are the highlights to look out for ?
We do n't expect you to trawl the changelogs to find out . As is tradition around these parts , what follows are a list of our favourite bits cropping up in the latest stable milestone . This list is not exhaustive , so be sure to share your favourite changes with us in the comments .
The Whole Folder Thing , Sorted
Borrowing a leaf out of the “ things we should 've included sooner ” handbook , GNOME finally brings the ability to create custom folders of apps to the Activities Overview .
Now , this is n't especially new ; GNOME 3 has had a few app folders in the past ( ‘ Sundry ' and ‘ Utilities ' ) , but this marks the first time that users can create their own without resorting to hacks .
GNOME Videos
Of all the app overhauls in this release none are as dramatic as that of the application formerly known as ‘ Totem ' .
GNOME 's video player has been rejigged in both look , feel and purpose , with an all-new playback view for both windowed and fullscreen modes and floating HUD controls that only appear when you need them .
It 's also no longer primarily a means for viewing local videos and now offers up content from a bunch of online sources , including Apple Movie Trailers , Blip.tv , Pocket , and Guardian Videos .
GNOME is making it super easy for developers to add new channels , so do n't be put off by the limited selection for now . Big things are coming .
Get This , Gedit ? Developers among you will find a new-look Gedit included in 3.12 . The visual overhaul wo n't please die-hards , and there will be a bit of a learning curve involved in transitioning as many features have been jigged about a bit . But with the end result being a bigger , more spacious viewpoint to work in , and more intuitive ways of accessing common options , I doubt few will mind .
Terminal Changes Another tool of the developer , GNOME Terminal has been updated . Lines are now automatically wrapped and there 's the choice of a ‘ dark theme ' as default for new windows . For those who prefer a more colourful terminal , the 16-colour strong Solarized hue palette is now included by default . Just enable it through the Colour Settings pane .
HiDPI Is Easy On The Eye
While the previous release went a long way to improving the look of GNOME on high-resolution displays ( like that found in the Retina MacBooks ) it 's only with this release that HiDPI support has been rolled out to include core parts of the desktop , such as the Activities Overview , lock screen and system dialogs .
Set Up Wizard
Getting GNOME up and running is made easier in this release with the introduction of a new-look initial setup wizard . Now , the Ubuntu GNOME users amongst you wo n't be familiar with this , but those of you who have installed the DE on Fedora or OpenSUSE likely will be .
Changes include separate steps for selecting a language and region ( because you may not be a native speaker of where you are , for example ) and a larger map for more accurate timezone selection .
Facebook Photos
The video player is n't the only app to get seamless integration with cloud services . Hook up Facebook through the Online Accounts pane and all of your drunken selfies , holiday snaps and blurry cat photos will be available to peruse through the Photos app on the desktop .
In a similar vein , photos stored on Flickr can be set as the desktop background through the wallpaper picker .
Web Made Better
The default web browser ‘ Web ' ( also known as ‘ Epiphany ' ) receives another round of interface improvements for 3.12 .
Chief among them is a new address bar design which replaces the traditional URL bar with the page title when the former is n't needed . While I can foresee this approach confusing some there 's no denying that it looks pretty cool in action .
Elsewhere , ‘ Private Browsing ' windows sport a new style , per-tab processing is introduced , and the speed dial , a staple of any self-respecting modern web browser , also sees some minor adjustments made to it .
Misc Theme Fixes
The sheer number of theme improvements featured in this release could justify their own rundown . The design team has refined everything from tabs – which now make the most of the screen space available , support backgrounds , and have a new shape – to softer separators , button backgrounds and floating toolbars .
The arrival of pop-over menus is also another highly notable inclusion .
Elsewhere , window snapping animations , symbolic icons and various GTK header bars have all been tweaked to create a more pleasing and intuitive experience .
Preview Apps
With Software now out of preview , there are some new preview apps to play with . While these are n't fully formed , stable or finished , they 're included to garner feedback and testing . And let 's face it , who can resist an advance hands-on with new stuff ?
Polari IRC Client GNOME 's stunning new IRC client Polari is included in this release as a preview . While it 's not yet as robust as existing alternative apps like Smuxi , it is by far one of the nicest looking desktop clients available natively .
Sound Recorder For those times you want to record some thoughts or quickly nab an .ogg of the ambience around you , the new Sound Recorder utility will help . Simply designed and with support for playing back previous recordings within the app , it 's a significant improvement over older versions . Logs Alright , few of us ever need , much less want , to trawl software logs stored on our computers . So while this new utility app wo n't be of much use to non-developers , I can appreciate that it does a stellar job of presenting the information collated by crashes and the like in a less intimidating , more accessible fashion .
Note This Down
This one is minor , but boy will it make a difference to those of us with fat fingers : the default GNOME notes app ( also known as ‘ Bijiben ' ) now includes a trash can to prevent the accidental deletion of notes .
In addition , it now allows notes to be opened in a new window — handy for multitasking tasks and to-dos !
Way Away Wayland
Finally , this list would not be worth compiling were we to not mention the progress made in Wayland support . Some significant changes have landed , including a brand new ‘ libinput ' library and better handling of session management .
While not default , developers and curious users can test GNOME Shell under Wayland by running a terminal command .
gnome-session -- session=gnome-wayland
Not every application will run on Wayland , and the stack as a whole should not be considered wholly stable . For more information about GNOME on Wayland visit this wiki page .
Bristol stool scale Medical diagnostics Bristol stool chart Purpose classify type of feces ( diagnostic triad for irritable bowel syndrome )
The Bristol stool scale is a diagnostic medical tool designed to classify the form of human faeces into seven categories . It is used in both clinical and experimental fields . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] It is sometimes also referred to as the Bristol stool chart ( BSC ) , [ 4 ] Bristol stool form scale , or BSF scale . [ 5 ]
It was developed at the Bristol Royal Infirmary as a clinical assessment tool in 1997 , and is widely used as a research tool to evaluate the effectiveness of treatments for various diseases of the bowel , as well as a clinical communication aid ; [ 6 ] [ 7 ] including being part of the diagnostic triad for irritable bowel syndrome . [ 8 ]
Interpretation of the scale [ edit ]
The seven types of stool are : [ 9 ]
Type 1 : Separate hard lumps , like nuts ( hard to pass )
Type 2 : Sausage-shaped , but lumpy
Type 3 : Like a sausage but with cracks on its surface
Type 4 : Like a sausage or snake , smooth and soft
Type 5 : Soft blobs with clear-cut edges ( easy to pass )
Type 6 : Fluffy pieces with ragged edges , a mushy stool
Type 7 : Watery , no solid pieces , entirely liquid
Types 1 and 2 indicate constipation , with 4 being the ideal stools as they are easy to defecate while not containing excess liquid , 5 tending towards diarrhoea , and 6 and 7 indicate diarrhoea . [ 10 ]
In the initial study , in the population examined in this scale , the type 1 and 2 stools were more prevalent in females , while the type 5 and 6 stools were more prevalent in males ; furthermore , 80 % of subjects who reported rectal tenesmus ( urgency to defecate ) had type 7 . These and other data have allowed the scale to be validated . [ 9 ]
The Bristol stool scale is also very sensitive to changes in intestinal transit time caused by medications , such as antidiarrhoeal loperamide or senna , anthraquinone substance with laxative effect . [ 11 ]
History [ edit ]
Developed and proposed for the first time in England by Dr. Stephen Lewis and Dr. Ken Heaton at the University Department of Medicine , Bristol Royal Infirmary , it was suggested by the authors as a clinical assessment tool in 1997 in the journal Scandinavian Journal of Gastroenterology [ 12 ] after a previous prospective study , conducted in 1992 on a sample of the population ( 838 men and 1,059 women ) , had shown an unexpected prevalence of defecation disorders related to the shape and type of stool . [ 13 ] The authors of the former paper concluded that the form of the stool is a useful surrogate measure of colon transit time . That conclusion has since been challenged as having limited validity for Types 1 and 2 ; [ 14 ] however , it remains in use as a research tool to evaluate the effectiveness of treatments for various diseases of the bowel , as well as a clinical communication aid . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Versions [ edit ]
The same scale has been validated in Spanish , [ 15 ] [ 16 ] Brazilian Portuguese , [ 17 ] and Polish versions . [ 18 ] A version has also been designed and validated for paediatrics . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] More recently , in September 2011 , a modified version of the scale was validated using a criterion of self-assessment for ages 6–8 years of age . [ 21 ]
A version of the scale was developed into a chart suitable for use on US television by Dr. Gary Kahan of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital . [ 22 ]
Uses [ edit ]
Diagnosis of IBS [ edit ]
Patients with IBS or irritable bowel syndrome typically report that they suffer with abdominal cramps and constipation . In some patients , chronic constipation is interspersed with brief episodes of diarrhoea ; while a minority of patients with IBS have only diarrhoea . The presentation of symptoms is usually months or years and commonly patients consult different doctors , without great success , and doing various specialized investigations . It notices a strong correlation of the reported symptoms with stress ; indeed diarrhoeal discharges are associated with emotional phenomena . IBS blood is present only if the disease is associated with haemorrhoids . [ 23 ]
Research conducted on irritable bowel syndrome in the 2000s , [ 24 ] [ 25 ] faecal incontinence [ 26 ] [ 27 ] [ 16 ] [ 28 ] and the gastrointestinal complications of HIV [ 29 ] have used the Bristol scale as a diagnostic tool easy to use ; even in research which lasted for 77 months . [ 30 ]
Historically , this scale of assessment of the faeces has been recommended by the consensus group of Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program ( San Diego , California ) for the collection of data on functional bowel disease ( FBD ) . [ 23 ]
More recently , according to the latest revision of the Rome III Criteria , six clinical manifestations of IBS can be identified : [ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ]
Subtypes prevalent presentation of stool in IBS according to the Rome III Criteria [ 36 ] 1 . IBS with constipation ( IBS-C ) - lumpy or hard stools * ≥ 25 % and loose ( soft ) or watery stools † < 25 % of bowel movements . ‡ 2 . IBS with diarrhea ( IBS-D ) - loose ( soft ) or watery stools † ≥ 25 % and lumpy or hard stools * < 25 % of bowel movements . ‡ 3 . Mixed IBS ( IBS - M ) - lumpy or hard stools * ≥ 25 % and loose ( soft ) or watery stools † ≥ 25 % of bowel movements . ‡ 4 . Untyped IBS ( IBS - U ) - insufficient stool abnormalities to be IBS-C , D or M ‡ * Bristol stool scale type 1-2 ( Separate hard lumps like nuts ( difficult defecation ) or sausage-shaped ) ;
† Bristol stool scale type 6-7 ( fluffy pieces with ragged edges , soft or watery , no solid or completely liquid pieces ) ;
‡ In the absence of the use of antidiarrhoeal or laxative .
These four identified subtypes correlate with the consistency of the stool , which can be determined by the Bristol stool scale . [ 23 ]
[ 37 ] Graphical representation of four presentations notes of IBS , and the role of percentage of stool consistency of types 1 and 2 ( constipation , ordinate ) and of types 6 and 7 ( diarrhoea , abscissa ) according to the scale of Bristol
In 2007 , the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine in Rochester ( United States ) , reported a piece of epidemiological research conducted on a population of 4,196 people living in Olmsted County ( Minnesota ) , in which participants were asked to complete a questionnaire based on the Bristol stool scale . [ 38 ]
Distribution of risk factors in three groups classified
according to the colonic transit and subgroups classified according to the type of feces model century [ 38 ]
Normal
colonic transit
( BSS 3-4 )
( n=1662 ) Slow
colonic transit
( BSS 1-2 )
( n=411 ) Fast
colonic transit
( BSS 5-7 )
( n=197 ) Age ( mean ± s.d . ; years ) 62 ± 12 63 ± 13 61 ± 12 Male ( % ) 50 38 43 BMI ( mean ± s.d . ) 29,6 ± 7,5 28,2 ± 6,8 32,5 ± 9,9 SSC score ( mean ± s.d . ) ( Somatic Symptom Checklist ) 1,6 ± 0,50 1,7 ± 0,53 1,8 ± 0,57 Smoking ( % ) 8 7 12 Alcohol ( % ) 45 48 41 Cholecystectomy ( % ) 11 12 19 Appendectomy ( % ) 28 31 35 Birth control pills ( % women ) 3 5 3 Marital status Married ( % ) 80 77 76 School level Compulsory education ( % ) 5 5 7 High school/some years ( % ) 53 52 58 Diploma or university ( % ) 41 42 36 Family history Gastric cancer ( % ) 16 14 15 Bowel cancer ( % ) 12 11 15
The research results ( see table ) indicate that about 1 in 5 people have a slow transit ( type 1 and 2 stools ) , while 1 in 12 has an accelerated transit ( type 5 and 6 stools ) . Moreover , the nature of the stool is affected by age , sex , body mass index , whether or not they had cholecystectomy and possible psychosomatic components ( somatisation ) ; there were no effects from factors such as smoking , alcohol , the level of education , a history of appendectomy or familiarity with gastrointestinal diseases , civil state , or the use of oral contraceptives .
Therapeutic evaluation [ edit ]
Several investigations correlate the Bristol stool scale in response to medications or therapies , in fact , in one study was also used to titrate the dose more finely than one drug ( colestyramine ) in subjects with diarrhoea and faecal incontinence . [ 39 ]
In a randomised controlled study , [ 40 ] the scale is used to study the response to two laxatives : Macrogol ( polyethylene glycol ) and psyllium ( Plantago psyllium and other species of the same genus ) of 126 male and female patients for a period of 2 weeks of treatment ; failing to show the most rapid response and increased efficiency of the former over the latter . In the study , they were measured as primary outcomes : the number weekly bowel movements , stool consistency according to the types of the Bristol stool scale , time to defecation , the overall effectiveness , the difficulty in defecating and stool consistency . [ 40 ]
From 2010 , several clinical studies have used the scale as a diagnostic tool validated for recognition and evaluation of response to various treatments , pharmacological and no , different , such as : probiotics , [ 41 ] [ 42 ] moxicombustion , [ 43 ] laxatives in the elderly , [ 44 ] preparing Ayurvedic poly-phytotherapy filed TLPL/AY , [ 45 ] psyllium , [ 46 ] mesalazine , [ 47 ] methylnaltrexone , [ 48 ] and oxycodone/naloxone . [ 49 ] Or to assess the response to physical activity in athletes . [ 50 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
February 03 , 2016 Iowa caucuses 2016 : Advancing snow may deter voters
By By Mark Leberfinger , AccuWeather.com Staff Writer February 03 , 2016 , 12:36:38 AM EST
The 2016 Presidential Election season officially gets underway on Monday evening , Feb. 1 , with the Iowa caucuses , and an advancing storm may affect voter turnout in part of the state .
Voters from Iowa 's 99 counties will meet in caucuses as the first step to determine who will represent the state at the Republican and Democratic national conventions .
However , a winter storm moving in from the Intermountain West will unleash a blizzard from Colorado to Iowa and northern Michigan into early Wednesday .
Iowa caucus goers deal with oncoming blizzard
The voting prospects weather-wise could become precarious before the close of the caucuses because of the incoming storm system . Wintry precipitation will arrive in part of the state during Monday evening .
The caucuses are scheduled to be begun at 7:00 p.m. CST .
`` Enough snow , ice and rain will occur to make roads slippery in the southwestern part of Iowa as people are heading home from the caucuses , '' AccuWeather Senior Meteorologist Alex Sosnowski said . `` The worst of the storm will spread northeastward across the state later Monday night into Tuesday . ''
Temperatures on Monday evening will range from near 25 F along the border of Minnesota to near 40 F in far southeastern Iowa .
Precipitation will range from snow in western areas , rain in the southeastern areas and a wintry mix in between during the overnight hours . Dangerous blizzard conditions will rapidly evolve from Council Bluffs to Mason City , including Sioux City during Tuesday .
Would inclement weather deter you from voting ? The Iowa Caucuses will begin the Presidential Election season on Feb.1 , but a snowstorm moving across the central and northern Plains and could impact travel for voters heading home . ( AP Photo/ Dave Weaver , File ) Yes - I would not want to travel through wintry weather . No - Nothing would stop me from voting .
According to recent research of how weather has affected voter turnout at presidential primaries in Florida , New Hampshire and South Carolina , inclement weather is an added factor that could deter swing voters . The research , conducted by AccuWeather Business Intelligence Manager and Meteorologist Tim Loftus , analyzed overall weather trends and voting data , utilizing L2 as a resource .
Rain is not necessary to deter voters , but uncomfortable conditions , such as frigid or hot and muggy weather , do play a role , according to Rosemary Radich , AccuWeather Enterprise Solutions business intelligence manager .
RELATED :
Enter to win the AccuWeather Every Minute Matters Sweepstakes
Watch viral videos on the AccuWeather video wall
Check AccuWeather MinuteCast® for your exact location
`` Women [ voters ] tend to be affected by the cold more than men , '' Radich said , adding that the conditions expected for the Iowa caucuses could be detrimental to the female vote .
Candidates like Bernie Sanders who target young people may also feel an impact . Voters between the ages of 18 and 24 have higher turnout rates when the weather is sunny and warm .
The old adage that Republicans `` pray for rain '' turns out to be true in presidential elections , according to a 2007 study in The Journal of Politics .
The study `` The Republicans Should Pray for Rain : Weather , Turnout , and Voting in U.S. Presidential Elections '' found that as rain and snow increase above their respective election day normals , the better the Republican presidential candidate fared .
For every 1-inch increase in rain above its Election Day normal , the Republican presidential candidate received approximately an extra 2.5 percent of the vote , the study showed .
For every 1-inch increase in snow above normal , the Republican candidate 's vote share increases by approximately 0.6 of a percent .
After Iowa , the first-in-the-nation primary will be held on Tuesday , Feb. 9 , in New Hampshire .
Report a Typo
Posted 5 years ago on July 27 , 2013 , 9:09 a.m. EST by OccupyWallSt
Tags : prisoners , # CAhungerstrike , california hunger strike , solidarity , prison abolition , call to action , prison industrial complex
image from Prison Art Project broadsheet on California hunger strike
via prisonerhungerstrikesolidarity.wordpress.com :
INTERNATIONAL CALL FOR SOLIDARITY ACTIONS
24 Hours for the 5 Demands !
Starts 5PM Tuesday July 30th to stand with the California prison hunger strikers against torture
HOW :
Make a highly visible and non-violent action in solidarity anytime 5pm July 30th – 5pm July 31st .
Let the world and politicians know you support the California prison hunger striker 's Five Core Demands against torturous treatment . Post your events to the Upcoming Events Calendar . Do n't forget Facebook and Twitter ( tweet # CAHungerstrike # PBHungerstrike and follow @ CAHungerStrike ) ! Afterward , send in your photos and stories of solidarity action to inspire others ! Outreach materials are available online .
Join a solidarity fast wherever you are to show your support .
WHY NOW :
Hunger striking prisoners are enduring retaliation on top of starvation ! You can help stop their suffering now .
California Governor Jerry Brown is ignoring their demands ! They must be forced to account for their inaction .
CA Department of Corrections is hiding their inhumane treatment from the press and public . They must be stopped and held up to the Five Core Demands .
Share . You still ca n't trade it in at GameStop though . You still ca n't trade it in at GameStop though .
Rumors of an Xbox 360 version of Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas began to circulate yesterday with the leak of new achievements for the game , and now Rockstar has confirmed that GTA : San Andreas is getting its own re-release on Microsoft 's last-gen system .
Astute gamers may have noticed that the Xbox Originals version of the game available in the Xbox Marketplace has gone missing . Rockstar explained the removal as a sort of out-with-the-old , in-with-the-new . While the original version will never be available again on the Marketplace , Rockstar has gone ahead and made it available as a purchasable game through the Games on Demand service starting October 26 .
Exit Theatre Mode
The company promises that this is n't a mere change in how gamers can purchase the game . The graphics have been improved , supporting 720p resolution , improved draw distances , and as the achievement list leak already revealed , full achievement support .
In addition to the revealed list , there are an additional 11 secret achievements to unlock in San Andreas .
Rockstar is celebrating 10 years since the release of GTA : San Andreas with a special celebratory weekend in Grand Theft Auto Online that will include special clothing , discounts , and double RP and double GTA $ .
Seth Macy is a freelance writer who just wants to be your friend . Follow them on Twitter @ sethmacy , and MyIGN at sethgmacy .
Viceland 's Gaycation follows actor Ellen Page and their best friend , filmmaker Ian Daniel as they make their way across the world exploring LGBTQ cultures . The Juno actor who came out after years of `` lying by omission '' now ventures to Japan , Brazil and Jamaica and other countries where they meet with people of both sides of the issue – homosexuals , bisexuals and transgender people trying to find acceptance society as well as people who still find it difficult to accept LGBTQ people .
Coming out in Japan
In their first episode , Ellen and Ian head to Japan where they get friendship-married at a Buddhist temple and enjoy a party at the world 's smallest gay bar . They also meet with straight female fans of gay-male erotic manga who explain the thrill of watching something taboo . They even accompany a young man when they decide to come out to their mother , one of the highlights of the episode .
Gay killers in Brazil
Travelling to Brazil for episode two , Ellen describes the country as being one `` with some of the most progressive equality laws in Latin America that also has the highest LGBTQ murder rate in the world '' . In Rio de Janeiro around the time of the Carnivale , they meet with a famous transgender activist and later , after getting drunk at a lesbian bar , come face to face with a police officer who boasts about having killed gay people because they are `` worse than animals '' .
The Gaycation team also sets up an interview with Congressman Jair Bolsonaro , who Ellen describes as `` a major voice in the anti-gay movement in Brazil '' . After getting off to an uncomfortable start , the politician explains , `` I believe that for the majority of gay people it 's a behavioral issue . When I was young , talking about percentage , there were few [ gay people ] . Over time , due to liberal habits , drugs , with women also working , the number of homosexuals has really increased . ''
They also indicated that they believed that non-gay people are influenced to `` turn gay '' when they hang out with `` certain people with a certain behaviour '' .
Page patiently listens to Bolsonaro 's explanation and before ending the interview says , `` As a gay person , if I can make you feel any better about this fear you seem to have ; I do n't want anyone to be gay who 's not gay . I want gay people who are suffering and in the closet and suicidal to be OK and to love who they are . But I do n't want people who are n't gay to be gay . Except for maybe Kate Winslet . ''
Jamaica 's existing buggery law
Ellen and Ian head to Jamaica for episode three of Gaycation where they meet with a Rastafari leader who explains that in the Rastafari religion , homosexuality is frowned on . From then , they continue to learn why the country is so anti-gay . The Freeheld actor also cites a survey that says that 80 % of Jamaicans think homosexuality is immoral .
On meeting Leighton Mullings who organises LGBT travel packages they realise that class plays a big role in being accepted as gay . They later meet with a bishop for a conversation about the sexual practices of homosexuals and then the Minister of Justice Mark Golding who seems to be sitting on the fence when it comes to the subject of the `` buggery law '' that makes sodomy punishable by prison time . A large percentage of asylum seekers from Jamaica have fled the country because of its homophobic culture .
Along with showcasing the bleak situation that the country 's LGBTQ community face , Ellen and Ian also focus on Jamaica 's first gay pride parade which takes place without any attacks .
Gaycation airs on Viceland every Wednesday at 10pm EST or 9pm CST . Previous episodes can also be viewed online on the TV channel 's website . The latest episode requires a cable login .
Much has been made of Tom Thibdoeau 's super-tight rotation . The Minnesota Timberwolves currently have four players in the top-15 of total minutes played . There is a little-used 23-year-old on the bench who could provide an unexpected spark for Minnesota .
Even if you are a diehard Minnesota Timberwolves fan , you may not know who Marcus Georges-Hunt is . The second-year wing out of the Georgia Institute of Technology has played 14 games in their NBA career . The most activity Georges-Hunt has received is stints in the NBA G League .
But this year , Tom Thibodeau has only sent them down for one G League game . One of the most popular topics in NBA circles is Thibodeau running an eight-man rotation . Thibodeau has been notorious for not giving tons of minutes to rookies or young players , preferring veterans who understand defensive concepts right away . But there are small issues on offense as well , and that is where a prospect like Geaorges-Hunt comes into play .
The T-Wolves play in too many close games . Nine of their wins have come in games decided by six points or fewer . A lot of those contests are close because Minnesota runs out of offensive firepower down the stretch .
Karl-Anthony Towns , Jimmy Butler and Andrew Wiggins are all scoring just under 20 points per game . Jamal Crawford is scoring 9.2 points per game . Out of those four , you can usually count on two of the four having a rough shooting night .
Crawford is playing 17.5 minutes per game , which is great management of their minutes . I am more worried about the workload of the rest of the team . Minnesota is thin on the wings since Shabazz Muhammad has fallen out of the rotation . There is no proven backup for Andrew Wiggins , so why not try Marcus Georges-Hunt ?
The game of Marcus Georges-Hunt
At 6 ' 5″ , Georges-Hunt is a similar size to Jamal Crawford or Shabazz Muhammad , but has a game closer to Jimmy Butler . They are a power wing , and their college statistics back up the fact that they can get to the line with extended playing time .
Free throw rate is one of the few things the translation from college to the pros directly . Aggressive players continue to force referees to make calls at the next level .
Here 's a look at Georges-Hunt 's college free throw rate through four years :
2012-13 : 30.8 percent
30.8 percent 2013-14 : 42.2 percent
42.2 percent 2014-15 : 48.6 percent
48.6 percent 2015-16 : 63.5 percent
Just for comparison 's sake , in Butler 's final year at Marquette , their free throw rate was 62.8 percent . That is not to say that they will become anywhere near the player Butler is , but they force the action . That does count for something . The fact that Georges-Hunt is a physical offensive player means that they could develop into a quality defender .
In their one game with the Iowa Wolves of the G League , Georges-Hunt scored 34 points . More impressive was the fact that the 34 points came on 62.5 percent shooting from the field , 50 percent from the 3-point line ( four attempts ) and 100 percent from the free throw line ( 12 attempts ) .
Of course this is against G League competition , but in the NBA that could translate to 5-10 spot minutes a night to give Butler or Wiggins a quick rest .
Tom Thibodeau opened up the rotation a bit against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday night . Georges-Hunt received 17 minutes of playing time . They went 2-for-3 from the field , scoring five points . Georges-Hunt finished with a plus/minus rating of +7 , and they helped keep Wiggins just under 35 minutes and Butler just under 37 minutes .
It is by no mean a huge reduction in playing time , but Thursday night showed that Georges-Hunt is a capable young player who can have an impact on what has been an underwhelming Minnesota bench .
First , a bit of good news about the long-term prospects of the Islamic State : It has no allies and its vastly overmatched conventional military capabilities are coming under pressure from all sides . It has lost more than a quarter of its territory and five of the ten population centers it controlled after its high-water mark in the summer of 2014 . But perhaps the Islamic State 's greatest weakness is the strategic incoherence of its attempting to simultaneously run a proto-state in Iraq and Syria while also exporting a global jihad .
In the chaotic aftermath of Russia 's 1917 October Revolution , Bolshevik leaders similarly attempted to re-establish control over their country while promoting communist revolution in Europe and beyond . But these copycat uprisings quickly failed , and “ Socialism in One State ” became official Soviet policy by 1924 . From then on the Soviet Union operated more like a traditional state than a revolutionary one .
For its part , the Islamic State is moving in the opposite direction . Its governance model is failing and it lacks revenues to sustain even minimal service provision . As a result , it is slowly shedding its state , a trend which could well accelerate if the Iraqi campaign to retake Mosul is successful in the months ahead .
Now , the bad news : Even as the Islamic State slowly fails in the face of increased military pressure , the threat posed by the group 's global ideology is increasingly distinct from its institutional base in Iraq and Syria . Amid a steady stream of battlefield defeats , the Islamic State 's reach has expanded , with branches now operating in Egypt , Libya , Yemen , and elsewhere . A more diffuse decentralized terror network might be less capable of executing the coordinated attacks across six sites that killed 130 people in Paris in November 2015 . However , it may also be more resilient and better positioned to survive the eventual loss of the Islamic State 's self-proclaimed caliphate .
This evolution highlights a tension inherent in Western military and counterterrorism efforts . As “ foreign fighter ” flows to Iraq and Syria have significantly dried up , the incidents of terrorism in Europe and North America have actually increased . In 2014 , Omar Mateen and Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel might have traveled to Syria or Iraq to fight and die . In 2016 they were the perpetrators of the June 12 Orlando nightclub shooting and the July 14 Nice Bastille Day attack .
Although the incidence of European terrorism remains lower than at its peak in the 1970s and 1980s , when waves of political violence swept through Europe ( think the Irish Republican Army , the Basque ETA , and Italian neo-fascists ) , the political fallout of terrorism by Islamic extremists seems likely to be more severe given the upsurge in nativist politics and a social media environment prone to hysteria .
The Islamic State has now claimed responsibility for attacks in more than 20 countries in the last two years , no matter how tenuous were their operational connections . And Iraqi and American-led coalition military successes against the Islamic State in Iraq may have removed any lingering restraints the group might have had to conducting attacks abroad for fear of eliciting a stronger international response .
This is not an argument for inaction in Syria . The Syrian civil war is causing unfathomable levels of human suffering , and is the main catalyst for the global rebound in terrorism by extremist Islamist groups . The fallout of the Syrian refugee crisis is exacerbating political instability as far away as Europe , and the Assad regime 's indiscriminate use of barrel bombs may well be the Islamic State 's most effective recruiting tool .
Resolving this conflict is the most urgent priority facing global leaders . Yet a political settlement in Syria and the removal of the Islamic State 's safe havens in Syria and Iraq , no matter how essential , will not end the metastasizing threat the group poses . When self-radicalized individuals in the United States or France , faced with a near-endless array of soft targets , can pose disproportionate security and political threats , the virtual caliphate has become as dangerous as the physical one .
There are , of course , additional measures to mitigate this ideological threat over time : improving international intelligence cooperation ; increasing attention to the alienation of disaffected and marginalized Muslim communities ; addressing sectarian divisions in the Middle East ; and reducing anti-Muslim political rhetoric in North America and Europe . But it goes without saying that these are long-term challenges , not quick fixes . Indeed , some of the proposals for dramatic military escalation against the Islamic State 's base in Iraq and Syria would probably result in more global terrorism rather than less .
Meanwhile , we need to prepare ourselves for the likelihood that , whatever happens in Syria , the scourge of the Islamic State will be with us for some time to come . Even more importantly , we need determination not to allow it to undermine the fabric of our own societies .
HUNTSVILLE , Alabama -- Huntsville police just confirmed that YouTube sensation Antoine Dodson was arrested early this morning for misdemeanor marijuana possession .
Police said the 24-year-old Dodson , who rocketed to Internet stardom when a New York songwriting duo stumbled across their televised rant about an alleged rapist , was pulled over at 1:57 a.m. near University Drive and Arctic Street . That 's near the Northwoods public housing development .
According to the Madison County Sheriff 's Office website , Dodson was booked into the county jail at 2:29 a.m. today . Police spokesperson Harry Hobbs said they were released after posting a $ 1,340 cash bond .
In addition to second-degree possession , Dodson , 24 , is charged with speeding , violation of Alabama 's mandatory liability insurance law and two counts of failure to appear in court on an old traffic violation .
In Alabama , second-degree marijuana possession is a Class A offense punishable by up to a year in jail and a $ 6,000 fine . Hobbs said they did not know how much pot was found in Dodson 's vehicle .
Dodson was unknown until their now-famous TV interview about a man trying to attack their sister at Huntsville 's Lincoln Park public housing development last August . The Gregory Brothers set Dodson 's `` hide your kids , hide your wife '' tirade to music .
`` The Bed Intruder Song '' has been viewed more than 79 million times on YouTube .
File this one under “ horror shade. ” Slasher auteur John Carpenter — who announced this week that they would be returning to the Halloween franchise to make “ the scariest ” tenth sequel — appeared on Bret Easton Ellis 's podcast to discuss their contributions to the genre , and the conversation soon veered into some trash-talking about other horror films that followed their seminal slasher movie . “ One sprints from an organic idea and has a true artist 's eye working , ” they said . “ And Friday the 13th , I feel , affects me as very cynical . It 's very cynical moviemaking . It just does n't rise above its cheapness . ”
Carpenter notes that the constant need to appease younger moviegoers did n't help this influx of mediocre film copies : “ That 's what the teenagers want to see . So they just started making them , cranking them out … most of them were awful. ” Lust for money , too , greatly contributed — Halloween only had a budget of around $ 300,000 , yet grossed a remarkable $ 47 million in the United States . “ I think the reason that all these slasher movies came in the '80s was a lot of folks said , ‘ Look at that Halloween movie , ' ” they continued . “ It was made for peanuts , and look at the money it 's made ! We can make money like that. ” Ouch . Words sharper than Michael Myers ' kitchen knife .
Erick Shute ( Facebook )
Police arrested a government-hating West Virginia man who admitted to killing three neighbors as part of an ongoing dispute .
Morgan County sheriff 's deputies responded to a shooting report Monday afternoon near a timber farm in Great Cacapon , where they found three men shot to death , reported MetroNews .
Investigators identified 32-year-old Erick Shute , who describes themselves as a “ sovereign citizen , ” as the suspected gunman and arrested them in Chester County , Pennsylvania , shortly after midnight Tuesday , after an eight-hour manhunt .
Sovereign citizens are a loosely organized movement of tax protesters and anti-government activists who believe most government agencies act illegally and have been identified as by law enforcement as the top domestic terrorist threat .
Shute admitted to shooting the men — who they said were drug addicts — in a Facebook post made after the slayings .
“ This was self defense , ” Shute posted . “ I talked to a cop and they even agreed this was an open and shut case of self defense and they probably wo n't even pursue charges . I am just waiting to talk to the prosecutor . I have nothing to hide . Media can contact me on my cell . I am open to talk . These guys stole over $ 20,000 pf oir ( sic ) stuff and sold it for drugs and threatened me to my face before . They even unacrewed ( sic ) my brakeline while I was asleep . Everyone not on drugs on the mountain hates them . These are known thieves and drug addicts . ”
Authorities did not comment on whether any of Shute 's claims were accurate .
But Sheriff Vince Shambaugh said Shute had filed a number of claims against the men as part of a property dispute .
The sheriff said all three victims were ambushed and fatally shot with an AR-15 rifle while clearing wood and debris from a road near Shute 's property .
“ He took cover behind a tree and shot these people ambush-style , ” Shambaugh said .
A fourth person was able to flee the shooting and was not injured , investigators said .
Shute 's Facebook page shows an interest in conspiracy theories promoted by websites such as Alex Jones ' Infowars , the Russian-funded RT and “ The Truther Girls , ” and they also enjoyed the “ Doomsday Preppers ” reality show .
The sheriff said Shute was a “ doomsday prepper ” themselves who was stockpiling weapons , ammunition and other supplies ahead of the “ end of times , ” and Shambaugh said the suspect was trying to recruit others to join him .
Shute , who frequently posts sensationalized articles about police misconduct on their social media account , told investigators and others that they set up Claymore mines and other booby-traps in bunkers on their property .
A New Jersey grand jury indicted Shute in 2011 on charges of attacking a police officer and resisting arrest .
They also made news in 2009 when they hung an American flag upside-down as a “ signal of distress ” in Salem County , New Jersey .
Shute told reporters they were upset with taxes , the Federal Reserve and President Barack Obama 's health care law .
They agreed to take down the flag after talking to some local veterans , saying they respected military service .
However , Shute said in a Facebook post last year that they could only support military service members if they burned down the White House .
Brooklyn Nets power forward Reggie Evans said Thursday they never downplayed the Miami Heat 's championship from the lockout-shortened 2011-12 season , and their comments were blown out of proportion .
Prior to Wednesday night 's 105-85 loss to the Heat , Evans dismissed the Heat 's title , telling the New York Daily News : `` It does n't prove anything . That was a lockout season . ''
`` Well , I did n't say it did n't prove anything . Those were not my exact words , '' Evans said during an interview on SiriusXM radio 's `` Off the Dribble '' show . `` I just said they won a championship in a lockout season . That 's what I said . So I never downplayed it or nothing , I just said they won a championship . That was really about it . I guess people just took it out of proportion . ''
Evans later said : `` One thing about me is like when I 'm gon na talk about you , I 'm pretty much gon na say it in your face . I 'm not gon na go in the media and say it to the media . It was kind of hilarious to me because I think it was blown out of proportion because that 's not my DNA . I do n't throw jabs through Twitter or social media . I do n't do that type of work . It 's cool . I 'm not dwelling over it . I just think it was taken way out of proportion and stuff like that . ''
Evans also told the Daily News that defending superstar small forward LeBron James was no different than defending Joe Johnson or Andray Blatche . James then proceeded to score 24 points , grab nine rebounds and dish out seven assists , and ripped the Nets power forward , who went scoreless .
`` You ca n't just come out and say something like that versus a champion , '' James said after the game . `` No one knows what it takes unless you 've done it . You ca n't sit here and judge and talk about a team winning a championship unless you 've done it . ( Evans ) has n't done it . ''
James later said : `` I 'm not going to sit here and give Reggie Evans a lot of press , because that is what is going to happen for the next couple days . ''
Evans left Barclays Center before they could be questioned about the game by reporters .
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. — Their work complete for the day , Jozy Altidore walked into the room wearing two heavy dog tags , gifts to the U.S. World Cup players from a group of military members on Friday here . The tags , which landed with a thunk on the table when they sat down , bore American flags and a universal engraved message for a group of athletes about to represent the U.S. on the world stage :
STAY FIT ! STAY STRONG ! STAY RESILIENT !
“ This is probably the best gift I 've ever gotten , ” said Altidore , who had just scored both U.S. goals in a 2-1 win against Nigeria , the last game before the start of the World Cup in Brazil . “ To know that [ the U.S. military ] respects what we 're doing is an amazing feeling . ”
WAHL : Three Thoughts on USA 2 , Nigeria 1
Stay resilient ! The message on those dog tags probably fits Altidore better than any other U.S. player . Strikers go through ups and downs more than players at any other position , and after a terrific 2013 with the national team ( where they were the U.S. male player of the year ) and at the club level with AZ Alkmaar , Altidore struggled this season at Sunderland , scoring just twice in all competitions .
They had n't scored for the U.S. either in 2014 until Saturday , when Altidore struck first on a tap-in at the end of a marvelous build-up and then thundered home the eventual game-winner after skinning Nigeria 's Joseph Yobo .
“ World class , ” said U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann afterward . “ I think it will give them a lot of confidence . It 's always a tough period when you do n't score for a striker and everybody lets you know that . So you get more and more anxious about the situation , and you work harder and harder , which they did the last three-and-a-half weeks in camp … And then you just wish that the moment comes and you put it in there , and then you go and start to be your own self again . ”
WATCH : Altidore finds back of the net twice to break slump
On Friday , when goalkeeper Tim Howard was talking about earning their 100th cap , they were asked to name their favorite U.S. game and immediately referred to the 2-0 victory over Spain in the 2009 Confederations Cup semifinal . It was hard not to think about that seminal win again on Saturday as Altidore finished with authority in the same way that they did five years ago against Iker Casillas to help end Spain 's 35-game unbeaten streak .
Altidore was just 19 then , and it was impossible not to think the U.S. might have found its first player who could become a world-class center forward . Strong and skilled , blessed with a cannon of a shot , Altidore has always had the potential to break new ground for Americans in the world 's game . We 've certainly seen it in moments for the national team and during parts of their club career in the Netherlands , if not yet in England .
“ We know we have a striker who had a tough year at Sunderland , but everyone knows they have so much talent , so much potential , ” Klinsmann said . “ We just want it to come through , which it did last summer tremendously in our World Cup qualifying campaign . So we see them being back on the right track . ”
MEET THE 23 : Player pages , videos for every U.S. World Cup player
Klinsmann also pointed out that Altidore needs delivery from their teammates , and they got that against Nigeria . Michael Bradley sent them a great ball on the second goal , and Fabian Johnson made another surgical run up-field from the right back position before giving Altidore the assist on their first goal .
Johnson 's last four assists for the U.S. come on goals scored by Altidore . “ He 's my roommate , ” said Altidore . “ You see what they bring . He 's up and down , they can score goals , they create them . He 's a problem for other teams . ”
So too is Altidore , especially over the last two games . If they can continue doing that in Brazil ( STAY FIT ! STAY STRONG ! STAY RESILIENT ! ) , there 's no reason the U.S. could n't recreate the same magic it had against Spain in 2009 . Potential can be a loaded word , but it 's also a synonym for possibility , and on days like Saturday Altidore can see the potential for something special at this World Cup .
“ I think it 's there , ” they said .
The House voted early Sunday morning to pass a new continuing resolution , 231 to 192 , which would fund the government thru Dec. 15 .
The plan , which emerged on Saturday , would also impose a one-year delay of Obamacare and a full repeal of the law 's tax on medical devices .
`` The House has again passed a plan that reflects the American people 's desire to keep the government running and stop the president 's health care law , '' House Speaker John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) said in a statement , adding , `` Now that the House has again acted , it 's up to the Senate to pass this bill without delay to stop a government shutdown . ''
Even before the House voted , Senate Democrats pledged to reject the measure and the White House issued a statement vowing a veto in any event . Republicans are pursuing `` a narrow ideological agenda ... and pushing the government towards shutdown , '' it said .
The Senate is not scheduled to meet until mid-afternoon on Monday , 10 hours before a shutdown would begin , and even some Republicans said privately they feared that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , held the advantage in the fast-approaching end game . If so , a House GOP rank and file that includes numerous tea party allies would soon have to choose between triggering the first partial shutdown in nearly two decades – or coming away empty-handed from their latest confrontation with Obama .
Undeterred , House Republicans pressed ahead with their latest attempt to squeeze a concession from the White House in exchange for letting the government open for business normally on Tuesday . `` Obamacare is based on a limitless government , bureaucratic arrogance and a disregard of a will of the people , '' said Rep. Marlin Stutzman , R-Ind .
Another Republican , Rep. Darrell Issa of California , reacted angrily when asked whether they would eventually support a standalone spending bill if needed to prevent a shutdown . `` How dare you presume a failure ? How dare you ? How dare you ? '' they said .
Apart from its impact on the health care law , the legislation that House Republicans decided to back would assure routine funding for government agencies through Dec. 15 . Under House rules , the measure went to the Senate after lawmakers voted 248-174 to repeal the medical tax , then 231-192 for the one-year delay in Obamacare .
A companion measure headed for approval assures U.S. troops are paid in the event of a shutdown .
The government spending measure marked something of a reduction in demands by House Republicans , who passed legislation several days ago that would permanently strip the health care law of money while providing funding for the government .
It also contained significant concessions from a party that long has criticized the health care law for imposing numerous government mandates on industry , in some cases far exceeding what Republicans have been willing to support in the past . Acknowledging as much , Rep. Trent Franks , R-Ariz. , said that as a conservative they had often found during Obama 's presidency that their choice was `` between something bad or ( something ) horrible . ''
GOP aides said that under the legislation headed toward a vote , most portions of the health law that already have gone into effect would remain unchanged . That includes requirements for insurance companies to guarantee coverage for pre-existing conditions and to require children to be covered on their parents ' plans until age 26 . It would not change a part of the law that reduces costs for seniors with high prescription drug expenses .
One exception would give insurers or others the right not to provide abortion coverage , based on religious or moral objections .
The measure would delay implementation of a requirement for all individuals to purchase coverage or face a penalty , and of a separate feature of the law that will create marketplaces where individuals can shop for coverage from private insurers .
By repealing the medical device tax , the GOP measure also would raise deficits – an irony for a party that won the House majority in 2010 by pledging to get the nation 's finances under control .
The Senate rejected the most recent House-passed anti-shutdown bill on a party-line vote of 54-44 Friday , insisting on a straightforward continuation in government funding without health care-related add-ons .
That left the next step up to the House – with time to avert a partial shutdown growing ever shorter .
For a moment at least , the revised House proposal papered over a simmering dispute between Speaker John Boehner and the rest of the leadership , and tea party conservatives who have been more militant about abolishing the health law that all Republican lawmakers oppose .
It was unclear whether members of the rank and file had consulted with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who has become the face of the `` Defund Obamacare '' campaign that tea party organizations are promoting and using as a fundraising tool .
In debate on the House floor , Republicans adamantly rejected charges that they seek a government shutdown , and said their goal is to spare the nation from the effects of a law they said would cost jobs and reduce the quality of care . The law is an `` attack and an assault on the free enterprise and the free economy , '' said Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas .
Democrats disagreed vociferously . `` House Republicans are shutting down the government . They 're doing it intentionally . They 're doing it on purpose , '' said Rep. Donna Edwards of Maryland , as Republican lawmakers booed from their seats on the floor .
In the Senate , there was little doubt that Reid had the votes to block a one-year delay in the health care program widely known as `` Obamacare . '' They said the same was true for the repeal of the medical device tax , even though 33 Democrats joined all Senate Republicans in supporting repeal on a nonbinding vote earlier in the year .
The 2.3 percent tax , which took effect in January , is imposed on items such as pacemakers and CT scan machines ; eyeglasses , contact lenses , hearing aids and other items are exempt . Repealing it would cost the government an estimated $ 29 billion over the coming decade .
If lawmakers miss the approaching deadline , a wide range of federal programs would be affected , from the national parks to the Pentagon .
Some critical services such patrolling the borders , inspecting meat and controlling air traffic would continue . Social Security benefits would be sent and the Medicare and Medicaid health care programs for the elderly and poor would continue to pay doctors and hospitals .
The new health insurance exchanges would open Tuesday , a development that 's lent urgency to the drive to use a normally routine stopgap spending bill to gut implementation of the law .
___
0 Families in Carolinas push for medical marijuana
CHARLOTTE , N.C. - As people in Colorado line up to buy recreational marijuana for the first time in the nation , families in the Carolinas are pushing lawmakers to bring a form of medical marijuana here .
Each day , Ellen Wingate gives their son Logan several medications to treat their uncontrollable , life-threatening seizures . The 4-year-old boy has a brain malformation and severe epilepsy . Now , their mother 's hoping for another treatment option , still not legal in the Carolinas : medical marijuana .
`` I have heard that it is beyond life-changing . Seizures stop , some kids are able to come off all their other meds , which is huge , '' Wingate said .
On Wednesday , Colorado became the first state in the nation to legally regulate and sell marijuana .
For children with medical issues , the drug is liquid and taken orally , not smoked . It 's a form low in THC , the component of marijuana that 's psychoactive , and high in CBD , which has medical qualities .
`` It 's not what you think . It 's not high school kids going to get high , '' Wingate said .
U.S Rep Walter Jones , a North Carolina Republican , said they want to help children who are suffering .
In a statement to Eyewitness News , Jones said , `` Over the past months , I have been approached by several North Carolinian parents of children with terminal brain cancer , extreme epileptic seizures , and other life-threatening illnesses who have exhausted all available medical options to provide relief for their suffering kids . These individuals have made a compelling argument that a non-intoxicating compound called cannabidiol , or CBD , could - if consumed in a safe , controlled liquid form - offer a viable medical alternative that would allow these children to enjoy a long , healthy life . Considering the extreme circumstances these families are facing , I believe this issue should certainly be studied at the state level . I encourage our state elected officials to give this issue the attention it deserves by consulting with medical professionals to determine the efficacy of the safe use of CBD in liquid form for young patients that have no other medical options . ''
Read more : Legal weed sales bring long lines to Colorado
September 2 , 2016 Javier Eguiluz
Private services have been supported in the Symfony Service Container since day one . By default all services are public , but setting the public option to false will turn them into private services :
1 2 3 4 services : app.manager.user : class : AppBundle\Manager\User public : false
Intuitively , you may think that private services are no longer accessible from the container . However , their behavior is a bit tricky :
If a private service is not injected in any other service , it 's removed from the container ;
If a private service is only injected to one service , it 's inlined and its definition is removed from the container ;
If a private service is injected to more than one service , then it behaves like a public service and you can even get it via $ container- > get ( ' ... ' ) .
This last behaviour is counterintuitive , so we decided to improve private services in Symfony 3.2 . From now on , a private service always behaves like you expect :
Setting or unsetting a private service with the Container : :set ( ) method is deprecated in Symfony 3.2 and no longer supported in 4.0 ;
method is deprecated in Symfony 3.2 and no longer supported in 4.0 ; Checking the existence of a private service with the Container : :has ( ) will always return false in Symfony 4.0 ;
will always return in Symfony 4.0 ; Requesting a private service with the Container : :get ( ) method is deprecated in Symfony 3.2 and no longer returns the service in 4.0 .
Automated Farms and the Future of Labor
Daniel Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 2 , 2016
“ The oldest and strongest emotion of humankind is fear , and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown ”
― H.P . Lovecraft , Supernatural Horror in Literature
Recently , Sprout , a Japanese agriculture company announced it 's Vegetable Factory , a fully automated farm . This plays into a , now commonplace fear of humans being useless in the face of technology . Intellectuals as well as regular citizens have been debating the place technology should be put in in the workplace as most human jobs can now be fully automated . The invention of personal robots to heavy , industrial machinery have already taken away jobs , how do we know that one day humans will be 100 % useless ? After all , computers can analyze your facial expression and attempt to comfort you , they can drive us anywhere we wish to go , they can even shoot down the most feared humans .
Should babysitters fear the iPad , and it 's lulling capabilities ? Should taxi drivers fear the Google Car ? Should farmers fear the Vegetable Factory ?
Well , this fear has not been exclusive to you , or this time in fact , humans have feared new technology throughout history . Its not impossible to believe lawmakers could catch on . Also , the companies controlling the robots know that crashing the economy for the bottom 99 % of the world is a bad idea for several reasons . When you put 99 % of people in a bad place , revolutions happen .
One bullet point stands out in this week 's 1.01 patch for PS4 action shooter Alienation : “ added memorial area for Antti Kallioinen. ” Kallioinen was the game 's art lead and passed away at the age of 42 in February , just two months before Alienation 's release . Now , this very loud action game from Finnish studio Housemarque has a peaceful spot in honor of him .
If you have the game , go to its Brazilian Fort Itaipu map . Head to the docks , right about here :
You 'll find a quiet island where the game 's music softens and your guns temporarily stop working . There are no enemy aliens , just a memorial built by a developer 's friends and added to their final game .
Why did their Alienation colleagues pick that location ?
“ They did n't really have any other reason than finding a peaceful spot , ” Housemarque 's Mikael Haveri told me . Haveri remembered their colleague as a humble , humorous guy who was constantly inspiring their coworkers .
Advertisement
“ A lot of the color and variety of scenery of Alienation is from their hand , ” they said . “ The beautiful mayhem of the game now has quiet spot dedicated to the man who dreamed up the explosions . ”
Construction is well underway on a 207-metre skyscraper by Zaha Hadid Architects in Beijing , which will feature a huge twisting atrium that is expected to be the world 's tallest .
Located in the Lize Financial Business District – a new business , residential and transport hub in southwest Beijing – the 46-storey Leeza Soho will feature a mix of offices and shops .
Designed by Zaha Hadid before their death last year , the skyscraper – which is already 20 storeys tall – is positioned above a pair of subway lines that diagonally divide the site .
The tower is split into two halves by the subway and connected by a huge central atrium . As it rises , the atrium twists at 45 degrees to orientate the higher floors with the east-west axis of Lize Road – one of west Beijing 's main streets .
Once completed , the 190-metre-high void is expected to be world 's highest – a title currently held by the Burj Al Arab hotel in Dubai .
The shape of the atrium creates convex openings that run up either side of the tower to allow for plenty of natural light and views of the city from the centre of each floor .
Walkways will bridge the cavity at different levels , while a glass facade will encase the two halves of the tower in a single cohesive envelope .
The glazing will be double insulated and as each glass each pane steps up it is angled to aid ventilation . The intention is to help maintain a comfortable indoor climate in Beijing 's weather conditions , which ranges from extremes of warmth and cold .
A public space connecting with the interchange below will occupy the atrium on the lowest level , leading on from the outdoor public plaza that surrounds the tower .
There will also be space to park 2,680 bicycles , with lockers and shower facilities also provided . Dedicated charging spaces for electric or hybrid cars are located below ground .
Construction of Leeza Soho is to reach its full height of 207 metres in September this year , with the tower 's completion slated for late 2018 .
The tower is the latest of four projects that Zaha Hadid Architects has designed for the developer Soho China , including two others in Beijing .
The Galaxy Soho building is made up of four main domed structures , while the Wangjing Soho commercial complex features three pebble-shaped towers located midway between Beijing Capital Airport and the city .
`` China attracts the best talent from around the world , '' explained Soho China 's chief executive Zhang Xin . `` It 's important to work with architects who understand what the next generation requires ; connecting communities and traditions with new technologies and innovations to embrace the future . ''
Zaha Hadid Architects aim to keep the building 's energy consumption and emissions low by implementing systems based on real-time environmental conditions .
Leeza Soho is one of over 30 projects under development by ZHA at the time of its founder Zaha Hadid 's death earlier this year .
Related story Galaxy Soho by Zaha Hadid Architects
Hadid 's former partner Patrik Schumacher is now leading the studio , which has recently completed a new headquarters for Antwerp 's Port Authority and is putting the finishing touches to a pair of skyscrapers in Nanjing .
Visualisations are by Mir .
Project Credits :
Architect : Zaha Hadid Architects
Design : Zaha Hadid and Patrik Schumacher
Project director : Satoshi Ohashi
Project associates : Kaloyan Erevinov , Ed Gaskin , Armando Solano
Project architect : Philipp Ostermaier
Project team : Yang Jingwen , Di Ding , Xuexin Duan , Samson Lee , Shu Hashimoto , Christoph Klemmt ,
Juan Liu , Dennis Brezina , Rita Lee , Seungho Yeo
Competition project directors : Satoshi Ohashi and Manuela Gatto
Competition team lead designers : Philipp Ostermaier , Dennis Brezina , Claudia Dorner
Competition team : Yang Jingwen , Igor Pantic , Mu Ren , Konstantinos Mouratidis , Nicolette Chan , Yung-Chieh Huang
Consultants :
Structure : Bollinger + Grohmann ( Competition ) , CABR , BIAD
Facade : KWP ( SD ) , Kighton Façade , Yuanda
MEP : Parsons Brinkerhoff , BIAD
Lighting : Light Design , Leuchte
Landscape : ZHA , Ecoland
Interiors : ZHA , Huateng
Executive Architect : BIAD
General Contractor : China State Construction Engineering Corporation # 3
Facade Contractor : Lingyun , Yuanda
When choosing which Christmas movie to watch , there 's really only one question you need to answer , and it 's “ What does John Waters think of this film ? ”
In the case of Christmas Evil , originally released in 1980 as You Better Watch Out , the Waters opinion is glowing : “ Greatest Christmas movie ever made. ” That by itself was more than enough reason to watch this “ killer Santa Claus ” movie for December 's Of Dreck & Drink . And what better beer to pair this film with than Southern Tier 's Krampus , an imperial helles lager/pilsner inspired by the European demon who punishes the children on St. Nick 's naughty list ? Truly , it was a no-brainer .
The concept of a killer Santa Claus had been done only twice before Christmas Evil , and both times the killer in question was simply a madman who happened to don a Santa suit . ( Silent Night , Deadly Night , the most famous “ killer santa ” movie , came out in 1984 and largely ripped off the beats of Christmas Evil . ) This film , train wreck though it may be , had much loftier ambitions than a simple slasher flick . Rather , Christmas Evil is a sincere attempt to capture a disturbed middle-aged man 's slow descent into madness , as seen through the lens of their fixation with Santa Claus . Where it fails is in adequately making us understand why we should care or why he 's so messed up in the first place . The entire root of their psychosis boils down to one “ unimaginably horrible ” childhood moment : They saw mommy kissing , and also being groped by , Santa . Flash forward 35 years , and he 's apparently never experienced any other kind of stimulus , because that incident has completely dominated every aspect of their life . We know this because the movie subtly begins with them sleeping in bed , dressed as Santa .
By the time this film 's screeching musical cues drag you past the five minute mark , one begins to feel the oncoming of a headache not unlike a hangover . And that being the case , you might as well indulge in something that will give you the real thing . Enter Southern Tier 's Krampus , a brawny pale lager inspired by folklore 's favorite demon who whips small children with birch branches and rusty chains . It 's an assertive , nearly overwhelming beer , 9 % ABV with a chewy malt backbone that presents bread and toffee flavors . The malt dukes it out with a punch of bitter , herbal hops that remind me of thyme and rosemary , finishing on the bitter side despite its high alcohol . If there was such a thing as “ artisanal malt liquor , ” it would probably end up a lot like this , and I say that in the best possible way . ( Perhaps Steel Reserve can take a crack at this million-dollar idea ? )
The malt liquor comparison may be apt simply because a can of Steel Reserve is what you drink when you 're waiting around for nothing to happen , and by happy coincidence , “ waiting for nothing to happen ” accurately describes the plot of Christmas Evil . Scenes of our “ protagonist ” Harry mostly involve them puttering around the house or sad-sacking their way through another work day at the toy factory ( naturally ) . This continues until the viewer ca n't help but wonder when the horror is supposed to begin . It 's the weirdest thing about the film—at 45 minutes in , we 've seen them do literally nothing that could be considered villainous . Rather , their main accomplishment has been to steal toys from the stingy corporate factory and deliver them to the “ Willowy Springs State Hospital for Retarded Children. ” ( Yes , that is the real name . )
Until , that is , Harry finally snaps and begins stabbing people . Yes , dressed in their Santa suit and driving an inconspicuous , windowless van with a sleigh painted on the side , they go searching for vengeance against their non-jolly coworkers . Or at least that 's what they attempt to do before becoming distracted and MURDERING A GROUP OF COMPLETELY RANDOM PEOPLE ON THE STEPS OF A CHURCH . After this jarring tonal shift , all bets are off as they continue on an entirely confusing holiday rampage .
By this point , the beer has warmed and stagnated—warm is not the way this style is meant to be consumed , let us note . The film , likewise , goes into an incredible holding pattern as it desperately seeks enough padding to reach feature length . Harry is pulled off the street randomly into a party of drunken revelers , where they spend 10 minutes dancing , making vague threats toward the children , and essentially behaving exactly like your typical middle-aged man in a Santa costume . Immediately thereafter , they stalk a coworker 's home with murder in mind , only to get stuck in the man 's chimney for another five minutes . After giving themselves an apparent hernia wriggling out , they then enters through a completely open downstairs window they passed by minutes before . The pace is not what you would call “ brisk . ”
It 's all saved , however , by one of the greatest non-sequitur endings in film history , and I implore you to seek this portion out if nothing else . Chased by a mob inexplicably wielding torches in the style of Frankenstein , Harry drives their sleigh van off a bridge . It smashes through the barricade , hovers for a moment … and then soars into the night sky . Yes , as it turns out , Harry possessed magical Santa powers the whole damn movie ! But there 's no time to ruminate on it , because that 's the end , as abrupt as it is insane . They simply fly away , conveniently at the same moment when the crew ran out of film stock .
Watching Christmas Evil is like suddenly becoming one of the children on Krampus ' naughty list . When I wake up with a headache , it will be difficult to tell whether it 's the result of the potent imperial lager or a film ending seemingly devised by the goat-faced Christmas demon himself . My advice to you : Do n't mess with Krampus , and do n't watch Christmas Evil unless you 're looking to perform some sort of Christmas penance .
So , what 's it gon na be ?
A beer for your wish list :
Southern Tier Krampus
Or some…
Cinematic punishment . ( You 've been bad . ) :
There 's no certainty with quarterbacks entering the NFL . It 's a virtual roll of the dice whether they 'll succeed or fail , the outcome often influenced by circumstances beyond their control .
Still , I 'm not shocked that nearly seven of every 10 players participating in our poll believe that Johnny Manziel will be a hit with the Browns . Talent knows talent , and Manziel is talented .
The survey , conducted by ESPN.com 's NFL Nation reporters , asked 100-plus players : `` Yes or no : Johnny Manziel will be a bust . '' Of the 82 players who answered , 69 percent said Manziel would succeed in the NFL .
A majority of NFL players polled believe Johnny Manziel will be a star but they wo n't start the season opener against Pittsburgh . Tim Fuller/USA TODAY Sports
Too often we focus on things that someone ca n't do rather than illuminate the things that they can do . Does Manziel lack the height that teams desire ? Yes . Are they a classic pocket passer ? No . Are they attracted to the limelight ? Like a moth to a flame .
But Manziel also is a guy who improved each year in college and should do the same in the NFL , in part because they are unwilling to accept failure . They do n't want to succeed . They need to succeed . The difference is subtle , yet significant .
I covered Ryan Leaf when they entered the league in 1998 as the No . 2 pick overall . They were brash and outwardly confident , owned a powerful right arm and fit the physical prototype that teams look for . But behind the façade , Leaf lacked the heart to fight through adversity . Failure was acceptable to him . They viewed quitting as a solution , not just an option .
They admitted as much in their second season , when during a confidential conversation they told me they were strongly considering retiring . They had had a disastrous rookie season in which they lost the respect of teammates and the fans , and then lost their starting job . Year 2 was n't much better . They had shoulder surgery early in the season and , in November , was suspended for four games and docked one week 's salary for conduct detrimental to the team . It was then that Leaf told me was leaning toward quitting the game . I was incredulous and filled with questions . Retirement ? After only two seasons ? Where is your pride ? Your fight ?
Manziel never would be cool with accepting that someone or something got the better of him . That does n't guarantee success . Competitive pride is the foundation upon which success is built .
`` When people talk about competitiveness , some people evaluate it as wanting to win a game , '' said George Whitfield , the QB guru who has worked with Manziel . `` For Johnny , competitiveness is Me vs . The World , and it 's a case of you representing The World , and I 'm not losing . ... It does n't matter if it 's Ping Pong in the facility or a game of H-O-R-S-E . He 's not going to accept losing . It 's about competitiveness pride . No matter how much people look at all the 'stuff ' with him , the great predictor of success is n't what you 've done but what you 've come through -- the fire , the trials , the tribulations , the setbacks . ''
Editor 's Picks Williamson : Manziel can succeed as a rookie Can Johnny Manziel be a success as the Cleveland Browns ' starting QB this season ? Matt Williamson believes that certain key factors put them in a good position to do so .
Grantland : Manziel turns garbage time into showtime 1 Related
Whitfield points out that Manziel was lightly recruited out of high school . TCU coach Gary Patterson , according to Manziel , told him : `` Not all dreams end with a Division I scholarship . '' They claim Texas wanted them to be a defensive back , not a quarterback . Texas A & M did n't play them as a true first-year student , which caused Manziel to consider transferring . But that would mean that someone or something got the better of him , so they stayed and won the Heisman Trophy the following season .
What got lost amid the parties , selfies and trolling that ensued was Manziel actually had a better sophomore season than they did while winning the Heisman . In the same number of games , they improved from 3,706 yards to 4,114 , from 26 touchdowns to 37 , from a completion percentage of 68.0 to 69.9 , from an average of 8.5 yards per attempt to 9.6 . All that does n't happen if all you 're doing is partying or hanging out .
At this point , Manziel is a ball of clay . They have to be molded into a quarterback who can play from under center , who can effectively and efficiently go through read progressions , who can take the gimmies instead of waiting on the big plays . I believe that he 'll learn to do all those things , not only because they have a high football IQ , according to Whitfield , but also because it 's imperative to them succeeding .
The other thing that bodes well for Manziel is Ray Farmer , the first-year general manager who has an eye for talent and distaste for nonsense . He 's a former NFL player with a firm conviction about doing things the right way . They do n't believe in whims or fads . The word `` shortcut '' is n't in their dictionary . You earn what you get , which is fine with Manziel , who already has won the respect of their teammates -- and participants in our poll .
While Chicago was busy getting kicked in The Bean these last few months ( Jon Stewart 's epic Rahm Emanuel re-election rant ; deadly holiday weekends ; Spike Lee deciding their next joint will be “ Chiraq ; ” stop us anytime ) , Milwaukee was quietly situating itself as the undisputed break-out champeen of the Midwest .
Slight exaggeration ? We do n't think so . Miltown has enjoyed one helluva good run of late . ( National League Central standings , aside . )
It 's been the darling of a famous — like , 55 million-followers famous — Chinese travel blogger . The NBA 's Bucks are staying put with shovels set to break ground for their new arena mid-fall . The city 's fresh off its annual Summerfest — a.k.a . the “ World 's Largest Music Festival ” — headlined by The Rolling Stones , Linkin Park , Stevie Wonder , Carrie Underwood , Ed Sheeran , Bastille , Kendrick Lamar and eight zillion others . It just hosted the USA Triatholon for an unheard of third consecutive year . This past weekend , nearby Whistling Straits hosted the PGA Championship for the third time . And last Tuesday , Nik Wallenda walked their longest tight rope walk ever at its Wisconsin State Fair in West Allis ( spoiler alert : they lived ) .
Getting down to brass tacks , Milwaukee 's 2014 tourism revenue ( a cool $ 3.2 billion ) was up six percent over 2013 and it 's only expected to keep the overachieving train rolling this year . ( A new Kimpton hotel in the Historic Third Ward and SpringHill Suites opening near the Wisconsin Center ca n't get here soon enough . )
It 's like the city is finally waking up and discovering its raw animal magnetism . ( Literally . There have been lion sightings around the metro area these last few weeks — there must be a shortage of ghoulish dentists in town . )
Or maybe the rest of us are just finally waking up to it ?
Here , five ( mostly new ) ways the pride of Lake Michigan is prying open our eyelids .
BOSS HOG
If you 've never thought to use “ bikers ” and “ curated art spaces ” in the same sentence , you 've severely underestimated the former 's eye for history and aesthetics .
Now in its seventh year , the 130,000-square-foot Harley-Davidson Museum has no problem drawing in Class M license holders and non-holders alike with its insanely interactive collection of 450 bikes , including the oldest one in existence , and its best exhibit , a replica of a motordrome board track which explores all the brotherhood and bloodshed those 60-degree-banked races caused .
But new this season ( and you still have time to catch 'em ) are three more draws to its massive 20-acre campus .
It 's been the summer of Willie G. Davidson , the uncoincidentally named grandson of one of the company 's co-founders and its current chief styling officer emeritus . Their odic “ Artist , Designer , Leader , Legend ” exhibit looks at how their bike designs have defined H-D 's look over the years ( running now through Sept. 7 ) .
Or , there 's the Milwaukee Rally & Custom Bike Show ( Sept. 3-6 ) , where artisans outside the company get to show off their creations ( feel free to BYOBike yourself ; only a $ 20 donation needed ) .
Finally , and most importantly , is the museum 's fourth annual Black Friday Beerfest , Nov. 27 , where there will be no running of the 60-inch-plasma-buying bulls — just regional IPAs , hard ciders , craft pours and whatever designated biker you brought to get you home . VIP packages start at $ 60 ( general adult admission , $ 20 ) .
Continue the easy riding lifestyle over at the Iron Horse Hotel ( a nine-minute walk away from the museum ) , where a century-old erstwhile warehouse has morphed into a luxury , 100-loft boutique hotel popular with one-percenters of every definition ( from $ 289 ) .
KEEP CHUGGING ALONG
Beer is so much a part of Milwaukee 's fabric , its over half a million denizens must water their lawns with the stuff .
Those kids over at the local watering hole drinking Pabst Blue Ribbon ? They 're not doing it ironically like some jerky Brooklyn hipsters — this is the actual birthplace of what was , at one time , one of the world 's biggest , baddest breweries . Ditto Schlitz , Blatz and Miller .
You can thank major waves of German immigrants in the mid-1800s for all of them ; and you can thank the Milwaukee region 's 22 colleges ' and universities ' 183,000 students for keeping their legacies alive .
But for BTS tours , it 's all about the smaller nouveau crafters like the beergardened Sprecher in Glendale ( $ 5 ) , beer-in-hand-friendly Milwaukee Brewing Co. ( $ 10 ) and gluten-free tapper Lakefront ( $ 8 ) .
For a more proper sit-down beer-infused supper , hit up Hinterland Erie Street Gastropub where Executive Chef Dan Van Rite and Sous Chef Dan Turek 's surf and turf ops ( sourced from all sorts of local farms , fisheries , abattoirs and creameries ) are best paired with its myriad in-house grog .
DO N'T JUST STAND THERE , BUS A MOVE
To say native Milwaukeean Mike Awve shopped around a little before finally moving back home is an understatement , having gone to college in the Virgin Islands , living in Alaska and leading tours in Cali 's cork country and the Grand Canyon .
But in 2012 the prodigal son U-turned back where they channeled their inner Kramer 's Peterman Reality Tour , wallpapering a bus with their favorite local beer bottle labels , equipping it with a PA system and dubbing their creation Untapped Tours .
Now their $ 38 , three-hour , 11-guests-at-most tour has become the required way to see the city , inspiring one TripAdvisor-gasm after the next .
You get a bit of everything — City Hall , Miller Park , Lakefront Brewery , North Point Lighthouse , the life-size ( which is to say , short ) Bronze Fonz statue along the Riverwalk — all the while Mike soundtracks it with deep indigenous knowledge and jokes as cheesy and awesome as the free samples at Clock Shadow Creamery , another tour highlight .
VENDOR BENDER
If you 're going to rip off an iconic public market , Seattle 's Pike Place is the way to go . That 's more or less what The Kubala Washatko Architects did when they designed the Historic Third Ward-situated Milwaukee Public Market exactly a decade ago .
Good choice . If you or someone you know likes to eat and/or drink , inside you 'll find 19 indie vendors offering up local ethnic food , meats , cheeses , wines ( an outdoor market runs every Thursday and Saturday through October ) . Take cooking classes or just kick everybody out and rent the space for a party .
WHEREFORE ART THOU
Do n't be fooled by the wurst breath and cheese hats ; the locals here love them some art ( even the sort without a throttle ) . Need proof ? The Milwaukee Art Museum , designed by Santiago Calatrava of World Trade Center transportation hub fame , is wrapping up a massive reno/resto project for its two older buildings . ( All of the galleries have been closed for the past year — come November , 20,000 square feet of all new space will be unveiled . )
Also , the Milwaukee Public Museum is revamping its famous “ Streets of Old Milwaukee ” exhibit . ‘ Bout dang time .
Strictly speaking , Democratic primary and caucus voters are principally responsible for choosing their presidential nominee , but the power is not entirely in their hands . While those voters elect pledged delegates for the party 's national convention , the Democratic process also includes superdelegates – party officials who are able to cast their own votes , separate from primary and caucus results .
The system is not without critics . Though it 's never happened , the existing Democratic process leaves open the possibility that actual , rank-and-file voters – the folks who participate in state-by-state elections – will rally behind one presidential candidate , only to have party officials override their decision , handing the nomination to someone else . For many , such a scenario seems un-democratic ( and un-Democratic ) .
It therefore came as something of a surprise this week when Bernie Sanders ' presidential campaign first raised the prospect of doing exactly that . Sanders aides told reporters that they may not be able to catch Hillary Clinton through the primary/caucus delegate process , but the campaign might come close , at which point Team Bernie might ask superdelegates to give Sanders the nomination anyway , even if he 's trailing Clinton after voters have had their say .
On the show last night , Rachel asked the senator themselves about the possibility . Initially , Sanders responded by talking about their optimism regarding upcoming contests and some national polling , but they did n't answer the question directly .
So , Rachel asked again whether they might try to convince superdelegates to side with him , even if he 's behind in pledged delegates . Sanders said they and their campaign are “ going to do the best we can in any and every way to win , ” but they still avoided comment on the specific approach he 's prepared to take .
So , Rachel asked again . For those who missed it , this was the exchange that stood out .
MADDOW : I 'm just going to push you and ask you one more time . I 'll actually ask you from the other direction . If one of you – presumably , there wo n't be a tie – one of you presumably will be behind in pledged delegates heading into that convention . Should the person who is behind in pledged delegates concede to the person who is ahead in pledged delegates in Philadelphia ? SANDERS : Well , I – you know , I do n't want to speculate about the future and I think there are other factors involved . I think it is probably the case that the candidate who has the most pledged delegates is going to be the candidate , but there are other factors .
It was arguably one of the more controversial things Sanders has said this year .
When the race for the Democratic nomination first got underway , many saw this same scenario , but in reverse : it seemed possible that Sanders would do well in primaries and caucuses , and Clinton would turn to powerful superdelegates to elevate them anyway .
That possibility , not surprisingly , enraged many of Sanders ' backers . The Hill published this report in early February :
MoveOn.org Political Action and a group of backers of White House hopeful Bernie Sanders have launched petitions calling for superdelegates to support the candidate chosen by Democratic voters , not party insiders . Ilya Sheyman , the group 's executive director , in a statement Thursday said voters “ will not allow Democratic Party insiders to determine the outcome of this election. ” … “ The race for the Democratic Party nomination should be decided by who gets the most votes , and not who has the most support from party insiders , ” Sheyman said .
Except , now Democrats face the prospect of seeing the entire scenario flipped on its head : Sanders and their team may ask those party insiders to help him , even if the results from primaries and caucuses favor Clinton .
For what it 's worth , such a strategy seems unlikely to succeed . As things currently stand , Clinton 's lead over Sanders among superdelegates is roughly 467 to 26 . It 's difficult to imagine the circumstances in which most of Clinton 's official backers switch allegiance to Sanders , especially if Clinton leads the overall race once the primaries and caucuses are over .
Earlier in the week in my post regarding my thoughts on what 's going to be the talk of this year 's Consumer Electronics Show I made a guess that 4K was once again going to be high in the rankings as panels become more affordable and more developed over the last 12 months . Well it appears that my thoughts were right on the money and both Asus and Lenovo have stepped forward to give us a taster with their sub US $ 800 displays that pack the massive 4K resolution that it seems we are all desperate to get our hands on .
Over the last few months we have seen no end of 4K monitors available on the market , but truth be told they have been well out of the price range of many of us and so they were only but a reality for those with a deep pocket . The time has now come , however , where 4K panels have been condensed into a smaller frame , but remarkably the price has dropped considerably .
Starting off with the PB287Q from Asus , content creators can now stop saving up for the $ 3000 asking price of Asus ' larger 31.5″ panel that has been on the market for the last few months . Compared to its bigger brother , the PB287Q packs virtually the same feature set , with both DisplayPort 1.2 and MHL-capable HDMI ports on hand and the same jaw-dropping resolution of 3840 x 2160 . The most important factor to consider though is the remarkable price of just US $ 799 which brings this monitor right into the price bracket of many high-end content creators such as myself .
Like Asus , Lenovo are also breaking the mould with their own affordable 4K screen . The ThinkVision Pro2840m like the PB287Q is also a 28″ panel that packs the same 3840 x 2160 resolution , but it also features three USB 3.0 ports and dual 3W speakers for an extra premium over the Asus offering of around $ 1 – yes $ 1 ! .
Both monitors are scheduled to be available in the early to mid part of Q2 this year and I 'll make sure to head over to both vendors stands this week to get a closer look at what these screens have to offer .
Even though Vermont senator Bernie Sanders was unsuccessful in their efforts to claim the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination , some of their supporters have pushed the idea that they could be elected President despite theirs not having been nominated by any political party for that position .
One report ( which has since been retracted ) asserted that the senator had been “ certified in all 50 states ” as a write-in option for voters .
Under current rules , 34 states — including the swing state of Ohio — require candidates to file paperwork before write-in votes for them can be counted . Another nine states ( Arkansas , Hawaii , Louisiana , Mississippi , New Mexico , Nevada , Oklahoma , South Carolina , and South Dakota ) do n't count write-in votes for presidential elections .
Sanders ' home state of Vermont ( along with Alabama , Delaware , Iowa , New Hampshire , New Jersey , and Oregon ) does allow for write-in presidential votes to be counted , but officials in Vermont and Iowa told us that write-in votes in their states would not default to selecting electors for Bernie Sanders , because they did not declare themselves a general election candidate there .
John Bennett , a spokesperson for Alabama 's Secretary of State office , did posit a more encouraging scenario for Sanders supporters :
As long as write-in votes for Sanders spelled their name correctly , their votes would be counted . If they received the majority of votes among presidential candidates , they would win all nine of the state 's Electoral College votes .
Another theory states that Sanders voters could put them into position to win by denying both Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump the 270 electoral vote majority necessary to clinch the presidency . The presidential choice under that scenario would then be put into the hands of House of Representatives :
If no candidate receives a majority of Electoral votes , the House of Representatives elects the President from the 3 Presidential candidates who received the most Electoral votes . Each state delegation has one vote . The Senate would elect the Vice President from the 2 Vice Presidential candidates with thAe most Electoral votes . Each Senator would cast one vote for Vice President . If the House of Representatives fails to elect a President by Inauguration Day , the Vice-President Elect serves as acting President until the deadlock is resolved in the House .
However , polling has shown a surge in Hillary Clinton 's momentum , and Sanders themselves has thrown their support behind the former secretary of state and discouraged their own supporters from casting “ protest votes ” for them in this year 's election .
On 28 October 2016 , the California Secretary of State 's office included Sanders on its list of certified write-in presidential candidates , after an online campaign succeeded in securing 55 write-in electors pledging themselves to the senator .
Rescue crews continued to search by land , air and sea Friday evening for the occupants of a single-engine Piper PA-18 Super Cub that was found earlier in the day on the mud flats of Knik Arm , upside down and partially submerged in water , according to the Alaska Air National Guard .
Alaska State Troopers said the plane was discovered at 6:10 a.m. Friday about 2 miles northeast of Birchwood Airport in Chugiak , , but no one was found in the area .
Troopers said they believe a pilot and passenger were in the plane . It may have taken off from the McGrath area , troopers said . They said they had no reports of an overdue aircraft .
The Guard 's Rescue Coordination Center said it first got a report of the plane crash just after midnight . Two Air Force C-17 Globemasters were flying a training mission near the crash area and was diverted to help with the search because it has night-vision equipment .
Throughout the day , Alaska Air National Guard aircraft , Civil Air Patrol and a troopers helicopter searched , said Alaska Air National Guard spokesperson Lt. Col. Candis Olmstead .
The plane appeared intact but was upside down and partly submerged in a shallow area of swift-moving water . It may have been moved by the tide from where it went down , Olmstead said .
Olmstead said Friday afternoon that the `` swift-moving , murky waters , changing tide levels and location of the aircraft '' barred rescue crews from searching the inside the plane .
By 8:30 p.m. , Anchorage Fire Department crews had still not been able to get inside the plane , they said in an email .
`` AFD watercraft are unable to get to the aircraft during low tide because the water is too shallow , '' they said . `` But when they are able to get to the location during high tide , the aircraft is not visible . ''
Meanwhile , the Civil Air Patrol had two aircraft searching the area Friday evening . Crews on two Army National Guard helicopters and three fire department watercraft also searched for anyone who may have been in the plane , Olmstead said .
The Chugiak Volunteer Fire Department and the pilot 's friends and family members swept the nearby grounds , they said .
Olmstead said around 8:30 p.m that no survivors had been found .
`` Search efforts will continue for the next couple hours and then suspend for the evening , '' they said . `` A recovery effort will likely begin in the morning . ''
This article is over 1 year old
Two have head injuries and three others suffer arm and leg injuries after crash in the city 's West End
A cyclist was taken to hospital in a critical condition and four others were injured after being involved in a collision with a car in Brisbane 's West End on Friday .
The Queensland ambulance service said five people had been injured when the car hit the group of cyclists on Dornoch Terrace in Highgate Hill about 6.20am on Friday .
A 54-year-old woman 's injuries were initially thought to be life-threatening , but their condition was later said to have improved .
Queensland Ambulance senior operations supervisor Matthew Hannaberry described the scene of the crash on Dornoch Terrace in Highgate Hill as “ chaotic ” due to the number of people involved .
But they said paramedics were able to take the critically injured woman to hospital within minutes .
After Kim Briggs 's death , cyclists must realise that they are traffic too | David Shariatmadari Read more
“ Upon our arrival , it was quite a chaotic scene because not only were the cyclists that had been involved in the incident there , there were another dozen cyclists who had been travelling in that peloton , ” they said .
The 54-year-old woman and a 51-year-old man were taken to Princess Alexandra Hospital . The man , 51 , sustained broken bones and was due to undergo surgery .
The other three cyclists – a 45-year-old man , a 54-year-old woman and a 49-year-old man – were taken to the Royal Brisbane and Women 's hospital .
The 22-year-old driver of the car was not physically injured but was treated for shock on the scene .
The Courier-Mail ( @ couriermail ) Car collides with cyclists on Dornoch Tce , West End . 5 people injured . Road Closed https : //t.co/Oo0jyVdR7T # bnetraffic Pic : @ 9NewsQueensland pic.twitter.com/tAoFGdoymS
“ There were some local residents who were providing first aid until our paramedics arrived , ” Hannaberry said .
Reports from the scene indicated the driver might have been blinded by the sun as they performed a U-turn .
Dornoch Terrace was closed to traffic as police began investigating . It was later reopened , the Courier-Mail reported .
Alonso says they have known for a while that they would face penalties at Sepang if Honda went through with its plan to introduce an upgraded spec of engine , and that the priority was to avoid such a situation at the Japanese GP .
The McLaren driver took a similar hit just three races ago at Spa , where they started 22nd and finished seventh .
`` We had a let 's say a plan from the middle of the season of where to introduce new engines , '' Alonso said .
`` Obviously I lost one in Australia in the accident , we were on engine number two already in the second race , and we had some further problems . We knew these penalties will come .
`` One of the best places was Spa , because of the condition of our engines at that point , and the second best possibility was Malaysia , because the weather could play a big factor in the race .
`` And also Japan is the next race , our home grand prix , and we want to arrive there with some safety in terms of reliability .
`` I 'm ready to take the penalty . In Spa after four laps I was fifth , with many incidents , so you never know .
`` We will start the weekend and the race optimistic about the chances of being in the points , and that 's the target for both cars . Even if I start last hopefully we can recover places quite soon . ''
Alonso believes that McLaren can target being the fourth best team – and hence seventh place or better – in the remaining races of the season .
`` Definitely that will be the target , to be in the points both cars , every single race , being in Q3 every single race , '' they said . `` We know that this in some circuits is going to be tougher than the others , so it will depend on circuit to circuit .
`` But I think we have that possibility in our hands , even if sometimes we are not the fourth fastest like in Singapore , where in that case Toro Rosso was the fourth quickest team , with the starts , with the strategy , with the experience , we could still fight for this seventh place in the races .
`` I think it 's possible and it 's our aim , to be always the fourth or fifth quickest team every single race , and in the race try to use our experience to be the fourth . ''
Do n't miss our Malaysian GP video preview…
Welt marks cover a seven-year-old boy 's back . ( Photos by Nopparat Kingkaew )
SURIN - The 57-year-old teacher who allegedly badly beat a seven-year-old pupil over a pen was absent from work on Friday , while their superior was ordered to finish their investigation into the case next week .
Pol Lt Col Porawet Krawenkit , an interrogator from the Sangkha police station , arrived at Ban Huai Poon School in Sangkha district to question staff after the boy 's family accused teacher Sangworn Harnpitak of brutally beating the grade one pupil with a tree branch .
The officer did not see Mr Sangworn as they were absent from work , but questioned other teachers who witnessed the incident . Pol Lt Col Porawet said they would issue a summons for Mr Sangworn .
The interrogation began after the boy 's grandmother posted a picture on Facebook showing numerous welts on their back and arms . The post was later shared via social media .
It was reported that the boy took Mr Sangworn 's pen without their permission . The boy later returned the pen , as another teacher advised , but Mr Sangworn allegedly beat the young boy until another teacher came to their rescue .
Khampoon Boonchern , director of primary education in Surin , visited the boy 's family and gave them 3,000 baht to boost morale . They said they ordered the school 's head to finish their investigation into the case by early next week so that disciplinary and criminal actions could be taken .
Pornnapa Meechuen , a local social development and human security official , visited the boy 's family and found nine family members lived in a small one-storey house , walled and roofed with steel sheets , and slept on wooden planks .
The official gave them 1,000 baht and some consumer products as initial assistance , and promised to arrange additional social welfare support for the family .
Oom Phosarn , the boy 's maternal grandmother , said the boy had just moved from Pattaya , where they had lived with their paternal grandmother , a construction worker . The boy had just started their first school term in the Surin school .
They also said that other pupils had bullied their grandson , staining their school uniform with oil paints and painting their face like a cat .
The boy 's house in Sangkha district
Revelation heightens supicions that Fast and Furious was an Obama administration plot to undermine Second Amendment
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
Friday , July 8 , 2011
One of the kingpins of the infamous Los Zetas drug running gang has told Mexican federal police that the group purchased its weapons directly from U.S. government officials inside America , a revelation that will only serve to heighten suspicions that the Obama administration 's Operation Fast and Furious program was a deliberate attempt to undermine the Second Amendment by stealth .
Under Operation Fast and Furious , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives “ Sanctioned the purchase of weapons in U.S. gun shops and tracked the smuggling route to the Mexican border . Reportedly , more than 2,500 firearms were sold to straw buyers who then handed off the weapons to gunrunners under the nose of ATF. ” Some of the weapons were later used to kill US Border Patrol agents like Brian Terry .
However , according to the testimony of Rejón Aguilar , one of the original seven members of Los Zetas who was recently captured by police , in some cases Mexican drug gangs did not have to wait until the firearms reached the border – they purchased guns directly from the US government itself inside America .
In an interview with Mexican federal police that was later uploaded to YouTube and translated , Aguilar sensationally blows the whistle on how the Zetas ' weapons were obtained straight from U.S. federal authorities .
“ They are bought in the U.S . The buyers ( on the U.S. side of the border ) have said in the past that sometimes they would acquire them from the U.S. Government itself , ” Aguilar told police .
“ There were buyers for a time – because they were n't our people , they were buyers on the other side – telling us that even the American government itself were selling them , ” added Aguilar .
The video interview can be seen at the bottom of the page .
A Spanish-language newspaper story on the issue that was translated for us by Larry Pratt states , “ Last Sunday , members of the Federal Police detained in the state of Mexico Z-7 , one of the 14 leaders and founders of the Zetas who in one of their main statements affirmed that there are elements of the United States government who are furnishing arms to the Mexican cartels . ”
Some have questioned the legitimacy of efforts on behalf of the US government to catch drug smuggling kingpins in Mexico by way of sting operations involving firearms , the reason offered by the Obama administration as the motivation behind Fast and Furious , given the fact that those same kingpins are in many cases working for US intelligence itself .
As we reported years ago , former DEA agent Cele Castillo has blown the whistle on how the US government controls the Los Zetas drug smuggling gang and uses it as the front group for their narco-empire .
Stock up with Fresh Food that lasts with eFoodsDirect ( Ad )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{ openx:74 }
With the gang having first been trained at the infamous School of the Americas in Fort Benning , Georgia , Castillo affirms that Los Zetas are still working for the US government in protecting drug routes to keep the wheels of Wall Street well-oiled . Castillo has gone on the record to state that the commandos are working directly for the US government drug cartel in carrying out hits on rival drug smugglers who are n't paying their cut .
In addition , it was recently revealed that Jesus Vicente Zambada Niebla , the “ logistical coordinator ” for another top Mexican drug-trafficking gang , Sinaloa , the organization responsible for purchasing the CIA torture jet that crashed with four tons on cocaine on board back in 2007 , also obtained guns from the U.S. that were later used to kill people in Mexico City . Niebla recently told the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois in Chicago that they have been working for the U.S. government since January 2004 .
The Obama administration has repeatedly invoked rhetoric about the flow of guns being smuggled from the U.S. into Mexico as a talking point with which to chill gun rights of American citizens , repeating the demonstrably false myth that 90 % of weapons confiscated by Mexican authorities originate in the U.S .
Despite the establishment media attempting to debunk the notion that Fast and Furious was a deliberate effort on behalf of Obama and their Attorney General Eric Holder to demonize gun rights by pointing to the flow of guns from the U.S. to Mexico , a process now revealed to have been largely overseen by the federal government itself , the fallout from the scandal , with no one in the administration willing to admit culpability , is starting to confirm precisely that premise .
Indeed , during a March 30 meeting between Jim and Sarah Brady and White House Press Secretary Jay Carney , at which Obama “ dropped in , ” the president reportedly told Brady , “ I just want you to know that we are working on it ( gun control ) ….We have to go through a few processes , but under the radar. ” The quote appeared in an April 11 Washington Post story about Obama 's gun control czar Steve Croley .
Given the fact that arrested Mexican drug runners are now admitting that they both worked directly for and bought weapons from the US government , the notion that Fast and Furious was an Obama administration plot to attack the second amendment by stealth is perfectly plausible .
Watch the video interview in Spanish with Rejón Aguilar below .
Gun Owners of America 's Larry Pratt joined Alex Jones yesterday to discuss this story .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com . They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos . Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show .
My name is Tony Heller ( aka Steven Goddard ) . I 'm a professional climate change denier and I use this blog to blow the whistle on myself and sometimes others , too .
Today I continue my series on denier assholery by calling them out for their pearl clutching when they get called “ deniers. ” My post here is inspired by this blog post , written by Blair King , a self-proclaimed free-market , lukewarmer who apparently helps mop up fossil fuel waste for a living . In their post they explain why use of the word “ denier ” to describe individuals who deny climate change “ saddens ” him . Their blog post was , in turn , inspired by their recent Twitter war with the denier-slayer from down under , Sou , who recounts the details of said war here . As usual , Sou does an excellent job sending them up .
Anyway , back to my point : why are deniers like me , who object to the label “ denier , ” major assholes ? Now , I know I 'm late to this debate and I 'm on the losing side of it , at least if the AP were judged , but our King fellow has resurrected feelings I 've been wanting to get off my chest for a while now . So let 's get to it .
First , the dainty deniers and supposed lovers of the free , rough and tumble exchange of ideas are almost always the first mother fuckers in line to recoil in horror at the idea of “ political correctness. ” Our dear Mr. King , the asupervisorstioned inspiration for this post , is no exception . For example , in the last paragraph of this blog post from May , they lament how “ honest scientists ” are victimized by “ attack-first climate activists , ” for challenging what they call “ politically incorrect ” positions on climate change .
Boo fucking hoo . Pass me a tissue .
But then , after railing against the idea of political correctness , deniers want us to believe describing them as deniers hurts their feelings . Well , guess what assholes , you ca n't have it both ways . You ca n't claim you despise political correctness on the one hand and then swoon every time you get called a name you do n't like .
What 's particularly idiotic is these assholes ca n't even figure out the difference between labeling someone for their ideas and true hate speech . For example , in this blog post from 2015 , Mr. King has the gall equate the term “ denier ” to the “ f ” word used to disparage homosexuals ( go read their blog post if you want to see the slur spelled out ) . As if a word intended to exclude or shame a person for a central part of their being is the same thing as a descriptive moniker for a kook making wild claims in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary . Sorry , but if I think your conclusions about climate change or the proper response to the crisis are shit–especially if you act like a juvenile , know-it-all asshole–I get to call you out on it . Nothing personal .
But the crux of King 's argument is they object to the word “ denier ” because that word is somehow sacred , like a retired sports jersey number , and should refer exclusively to Holocaust deniers . Weirdly , he 's actually cool with calling someone a “ denialist. ” Even more weirdly , they suggest we call the hard core deniers “ sky dragons , ” instead . Whatever . Anyway , for King , the word “ denier ” is off limits because it “ carr [ ies ] with it the toxic scent of Holocaust denial. ” What a bunch of total and utter horseshit .
First of all , there are all kinds of deniers . There are “ Jesus deniers , ” “ moon landing deniers , ” “ 9/11 deniers , ” “ religious deniers , ” “ vaccine deniers , ” “ liquor deniers , ” “ racism deniers , ” “ evolution deniers , ” etc. , etc . Google these phrases and you 'll see them everywhere . But by this moron 's reckoning , all such terms describing all the many types of deniers should be off limits because it unfairly associates them with evil Holocaust deniers thereby diluting the word “ denier ” that King , at least according to him , worked hard to imbue with super , magical powers to beat back white supremacists .
It 's obvious to anyone beyond a sixth grade reading level that the word “ denier , ” used alone , is shorthand for a specific kind of denier . The type of denier it refers to is made clear from the context the word is used in . If I 'm writing about “ evolution deniers , ” for example , I do n't continually have to write the term “ evolution deniers ” to make clear I 'm not referring to Holocaust deniers . I can just use the word “ deniers ” and it 's obvious from the context what kind of denier I 'm referring to .
Aside from Blair , the only people who read “ Holocaust denier ” into the word “ denier ” are those who 'd like to convince the world they are getting wrongfully persecuted by “ alarmists. ” Now some might try to argue that if a group is offended by a label , it 's just common courtesy and respectful to discontinue using it . For example , should n't the “ Washington Redskins ” rename their football team out of consideration for the Native Americans that have raised objections to it ? This seems to be the reasoning behind the AP 's decision last year to not use the term “ denier . ”
And that brings me to my final point . What truly make deniers who feign offense at the use of the word “ denier ” assholes is they essentially try to equate themselves with groups , like Native Americans , who have endured long histories of racial , ethnic and social persecution and who have legitimate gripes about the words used to describe them ; words that were used to alienate , ostracize and dehumanize them so they could be divided , conquered , enslaved , persecuted and killed by an unsympathetic , dominant culture . So to these mostly male , mostly white , often wealthy , well-educated , reality-denying assholes , I say , “ Fuck you , quit complaining , and go do the hard work of publishing legitimate science to back your crazy claims up . ”
And you want to know the real reason deniers do n't like being called “ deniers ? ” Because , just like the moon landing deniers , 9/11 deniers , evolution deniers , vaccine deniers and yes , Holocaust deniers , that word effectively paints them as the fucking kooks that they are . So do n't listen to Blair King . Keep calling them “ deniers ” every opportunity you get .
A generation of young people in the Balkans have grown up on Only Fools and Horses , 'Allo 'Allo and Blackadder , the sense of humour chiming with their own
The most fun part of meeting people abroad ? Bonding over British TV shows . I 'm not talking about in the US , or anglophile Sweden and Denmark , the top three countries for BBC export sales in 2012 . I was in Serbia when someone told me with authority about the time Father Ted got lost in the lingerie aisle .
When friends from the Balkans visited London recently , they preferred a photo opportunity with the sign for Peckham – which they saw fleetingly from a bus – over a visit to Abbey Road . `` Del Boy ! Dad 's gon na love this one ! ''
`` Only Fools and Horses was on all the time . Bosnians could identify , I guess , '' says Aldin Kameric , 25 . `` Peckham looks like a random commie hood in Bosnia , with working-class people struggling to survive by petty tricks and smuggling and stuff . ''
In the 80s , Bollywood permeated Yugoslavia , but the 1990s war brought with it power cuts and a television drought . By 1996 , it was all over , and in came telenovelas on the US-backed channel OBN : the first soap Latifa Imamovic , 28 , saw was Mexico 's Marisol . `` I was 12 when I learned how to say ' I 'm pregnant ! ' in Spanish . The telenovelas shaped our prepubescent world . ''
Yet their favourite show remains Keeping Up Appearances , the gentle BBC sitcom about snobby Hyacinth Bucket . The Balkans , Kameric agrees , seems to have a particular affinity for British humour : Bottom , You Rang My Lord , Red Dwarf , 'Allo 'Allo and Mr Bean were all popular in the region .
In Croatia , lines from British political satires such as The Thick of It are applied in politics and everyday life : you will hear `` Yes Minister ! '' in a meeting , or `` Listen very carefully , I shall say this only once '' ( 'Allo 'Allo ) . Croatian journalist Sergej Zupanic says that Rik Mayall vehicle The New Statesman is often referred to when speaking about corrupt politicians . Meanwhile , Zlatko Canjuga , president Franjo Tudjman 's then-adviser for social issues , was nicknamed Blackadder by journalists .
But times seem to be changing . Kameric thinks younger people today prefer US shows , while Turkish romantic dramas are big again in the Balkans , despite animosity to its Ottoman heritage . As for Doctor Who , sonic screwdrivers do n't seem to have caught on . `` People are aware of their adventures , even the theme tune , but it is not particularly popular , '' says Zupanic .
( updated below [ Fri. ] ) Julian Assange is a deeply polarizing figure . Many admire them and many despise them ( into which category one falls in any given year typically depends on one 's feelings about the subject of their most recent publication of leaked documents ) . But one 's views of Assange are completely irrelevant to this article , which is not about Assange . This article , instead , is about a report published this week by The Guardian that recklessly attributed to Assange comments that they did not make . This article is about how those false claims — fabrications , really — were spread all over the internet by journalists , causing hundreds of thousands of people ( if not millions ) to consume false news . The purpose of this article is to underscore , yet again , that those who most flamboyantly denounce Fake News , and want Facebook and other tech giants to suppress content in the name of combating it , are often the most aggressive and self-serving perpetrators of it . One 's views of Assange are completely irrelevant to this article because , presumably , everyone agrees that publication of false claims by a media outlet is very bad , even when it 's designed to malign someone you hate . Journalistic recklessness does not become noble or tolerable if it serves the right agenda or cause . The only way one 's views of Assange are relevant to this article is if one finds journalistic falsehoods and Fake News objectionable only when deployed against figures one likes . The shoddy and misleading Guardian article , written by Ben Jacobs , was published on December 24 . It made two primary claims — both of which are demonstrably false . The first false claim was hyped in the article 's headline : “ Julian Assange gives guarded praise of Trump and blasts Clinton in interview. ” This claim was repeated in the first paragraph of the article : “ Julian Assange , the founder of WikiLeaks , has offered guarded praise of Donald Trump . … ” The second claim was an even worse assault on basic journalism . Jacobs set up this claim by asserting that Assange “ long had a close relationship with the Putin regime. ” The only “ evidence ” offered for this extraordinary claim was that Assange , in 2012 , conducted eight interviews that were broadcast on RT . With the claimed Assange-Putin alliance implanted , Jacobs then wrote : “ In their interview with la Repubblica , [ Assange ] said there was no need for WikiLeaks to undertake a whistleblowing role in Russia because of the open and competitive debate they claimed exists there. ” The reason these two claims are so significant , so certain to attract massive numbers of clicks and shares , is obvious . They play directly into the biases of Clinton supporters and flatter their central narrative about the election : that Clinton lost because the Kremlin used its agents , such as Assange , to boost Trump and sink Clinton . By design , the article makes it seem as though Assange is heralding Russia as such a free , vibrant , and transparent political culture that — in contrast to the repressive West — no whistleblowing is needed , all while praising Trump . But none of that actually happened . Those claims are made up . Despite how much online attention it received , Jacobs 's Guardian article contained no original reporting . Indeed , it did nothing but purport to summarize the work of an actually diligent journalist : Stefania Maurizi of the Italian daily la Repubblica , who traveled to London and conducted the interview with Assange . Maurizi 's interview was conducted in English , and la Repubblica published the transcript online . Jacobs 's “ work ” consisted of nothing other than purporting to re-write the parts of that interview they wanted to highlight , so that they and The Guardian could receive the traffic for their work . Ever since the Guardian article was published and went viral , Maurizi has repeatedly objected to the false claims being made about what Assange said in their interview . But while Western journalists keep re-tweeting and sharing The Guardian 's second-hand summary of this interview , they completely ignore Maurizi 's protests — for reasons that are both noxious and revealing .
. @ ggreenwald I am completely furious about how my interview with Julian # Assange has been distorted and strumentalised — stefania maurizi ( @ SMaurizi ) December 28 , 2016
The next time you 're inclined to take Julian Assange seriously , remember this . https : //t.co/JIPcns2KTa pic.twitter.com/TUoqHa1KNp — Daniel W. Drezner ( @ dandrezner ) December 25 , 2016
Nothing illustrates the damage done by online journalistic deceit better than this : While Drezner 's spreading of Jacobs 's false claim was re-tweeted thousands and thousands of times , the objection from the actual reporter , Maurizi , pointing out that it was false , was almost completely ignored . At the time this article was published , it had a grand total of 14 re-tweets :
. @ dandrezner this is completely false : Julian # Assange never ever declared that in my interview — stefania maurizi ( @ SMaurizi ) December 26 , 2016
26 August 2008 | shannon-136
10 | Inspiration through loss .
It started out as a remembrance for a son about their father and it became so much more .
I saw this film Sunday and it still resides in my heart and haunts me . This is the first documentary I have ever seen that has drawn me in completely , and made me feel as though I am part of the story and a friend to the victim . It was a roller-coaster of emotions and there were quite a few teary-eyed people by the end . I feel I had to give it a proper review , but like many have stated , it 's hard to do so without ruining the effect the filmmaker intends . This story pulls you along and unfolds as it does for our narrator , the filmmaker , Kurt Kunne . Their story is personal because they grew up with the central figure , Dr. Andrew Bagby .
Andrew 's parents , David and Kate , whom I had a chance to meet with after the screening , are lovely people , and I instantly saw why they foster so much love and support throughout the film : They are genuinely kind people who give off a wonderful parental-vibe . They show so much love and hope in the face of almost insurmountable evil . You hold onto their love and hope through the last few minutes , and eventually you find what the narrator finds : inspiration .
The editing and the directing reveal a truly gifted filmmaker , Mr. Kunne , a superb storyteller , bounces back and forth between past and present events . They reveal what happens at several key points which leads us an ending you should rather just see than have me explain .
From what I 've read there were several richly deserved standing ovations as the film ventured into the festival circuit . If you have a chance to see , `` Dear Zachary , '' this film will be playing until Thursday of this week at the arc-light cinemas in Hollywood . The filmmaker , Kurt , said the film will be making a return to Hollywood in early November and shall be coming to New York City in late October , MSNBC will be premiering the film December 7th and the DVD shall go on sale some time in mid-FEBRUARY .
I suggest everyone pays their money to see this film for the sake of advocacy groups and to support bail reform in Canada . Although the legal system in Canada is put on trial in this documentary , it reveals a real problem with our own justice system here in the United States , and how some criminals are given preferential treatment over victims and their families ' rights .
I can not tell you how much this film has affected me . How truly inspirational I find David Bagby and Kate Bagby to be
Please support Academy caliber documentaries , with a strong sense of heart , and a great message of hope . This is a wonderful , albeit tragic and yet inspiring film .
Authored by Soren Kern via The Gatestone Institute ,
More than six million migrants are waiting in countries around the Mediterranean to cross into Europe , according to a classified German government report leaked to Bild .
are waiting in countries around the Mediterranean to cross into Europe , to Bild . `` Young people all have cellphones and they can see what 's happening in other parts of the world , and that acts as a magnet . '' — Michael Møller , Director of the United Nations office in Geneva .
`` The biggest migration movements are still ahead : Africa 's population will double in the next decades ... Nigeria [ will grow ] to 400 million . In our digital age with the internet and mobile phones , everyone knows about our prosperity and lifestyle .... Eight to ten million migrants are still on the way . '' — Gerd Müller , Germany 's Development Minister .
The African Union-European Union ( AU-EU ) summit , held in in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire , on November 29-30 , 2017 , has ended in abject failure after the 55 African and 28 European leaders attending the event were unable to agree on even basic measures to prevent potentially tens of millions of African migrants from flooding Europe .
Despite high expectations and grand statements , the only concrete decision to come out of Abidjan was the promise to evacuate 3,800 African migrants stranded in Libya .
More than six million migrants are waiting in countries around the Mediterranean to cross into Europe , according to a classified German government report leaked to Bild . The report said that one million people are waiting in Libya ; another one million are waiting in Egypt , 720,000 in Jordan , 430,000 in Algeria , 160,000 in Tunisia , and 50,000 in Morocco . More than three million others who are waiting in Turkey are currently prevented from crossing into Europe by the EU 's migrant deal with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
Migrants crossing from Libya to Europe wait to be rescued from a boat by crew members from the Migrant Offshore Aid Station ( MOAS ) Phoenix vessel on May 18 , 2017 off Lampedusa , Italy . ( Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images )
The former head of the British embassy in Benghazi , Joe Walker-Cousins , warned that as many as a million migrants from countries across Africa are already on the way to Libya and Europe . The EU 's efforts to train a Libyan coast guard was `` too little and too late , '' they said . `` My informants in the area tell me there are potentially one million migrants , if not more , already coming up through the pipeline from central Africa and the Horn of Africa . ''
The President of the European Parliament , Antonio Tajani , said that Europe is `` underestimating '' the scale and severity of the migration crisis and that `` millions of Africans '' will flood the continent in the next few years unless urgent action is taken .
In an interview with Il Messagero , Tajani said there would be an exodus `` of biblical proportions that would be impossible to stop '' if Europe failed to confront the problem now :
`` Population growth , climate change , desertification , wars , famine in Somalia and Sudan . These are the factors that are forcing people to leave . `` When people lose hope , they risk crossing the Sahara and the Mediterranean because it is worse to stay at home , where they run enormous risks . If we do n't confront this soon , we will find ourselves with millions of people on our doorstep within five years . `` Today we are trying to solve a problem of a few thousand people , but we need to have a strategy for millions of people . ''
Just days before the AU-EU summit , Tajani called for a `` Marshall Plan for Africa '' — a €40 billion ( $ 48 billion ) long-term investment plan to boost education and job opportunities on the continent to dissuade people from leaving . They warned that spiraling population growth in Africa will be a demographic `` bomb '' that could push millions of Africans to Europe . `` Without a strategy we will have terrorism , illegal immigration , instability , '' they said .
More than half of the global population growth between now and 2050 will occur in Africa , according to a new UN report , `` World Population Prospects : The 2017 Revision . '' Africa 's population is expected to jump by 1.3 billion , from 1.2 billion in 2017 to 2.5 billion in 2050 . Between 2017 and 2050 , the populations of 26 African countries are projected to expand to at least double their current size .
Much of Africa 's population increase will occur in Nigeria , currently the world 's 7th most populous country , according to the UN . By 2050 , Nigeria will surpass the United States to become the world 's third-largest country by population , behind India and China ( the population of India is expected to surpass that of China by 2024 ) .
Beyond 2050 , Africa is forecast to be the only region in the world still experiencing `` substantial population growth '' — the continent 's share of the global population is forecast to increase from 17 % in 2017 to 40 % by 2100 , according to the report .
Africa currently is the youngest continent in the world : 60 % of Africa 's population is under 25 , compared to 32 % in North America and 27 % in Europe .
The EU 's 28 states have a GDP of $ 18 trillion , nine times Africa 's $ 2 trillion .
The director of the United Nations office in Geneva , Michael Møller , has warned that Europe must prepare for the arrival of millions more migrants from Africa , Asia and the Middle East . In an interview with The Times , Møller , a Dane , said :
`` What we have been seeing is one of the biggest human migrations in history . And it 's just going to accelerate . Young people all have cellphones and they can see what 's happening in other parts of the world , and that acts as a magnet . ''
German Development Minister Gerd Müller has echoed that warning :
`` The biggest migration movements are still ahead : Africa 's population will double in the next decades . A country like Egypt will grow to 100 million people , Nigeria to 400 million . In our digital age with the internet and mobile phones , everyone knows about our prosperity and lifestyle . ''
Müller added that only 10 % of those currently on the move have reached Europe : `` Eight to ten million migrants are still on the way . ''
Writing for the Financial Times , Gideon Rachman explained Europe 's predicament :
News UK CEO and Rupert Murdoch 's British supremo 'splashed phone hack on front page ' - according to former staffer Paul McMullan
NEWS UK Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks oversaw a front-page story knowing it was based on the hacked voicemails of a football manager and their girlfriend , Byline Investigations has learned .
The 48-year-old former Editor of the News of the World - who was acquitted of intercepting messages in 2014 - sent a senior reporter to Holland during the Euro 2000 football tournament on the strength of the eavesdropped material .
The finished article , written by the paper 's then Deputy Features Editor Paul McMullan , was later splashed - laden with numerous references to the couple 's telephone habits - on page one of its Scottish edition .
“ I asked whether I needed to stand the story up , and they said ‘ no , it 's all on tape , we know it is bang on . It 's from their phone messages ' '' ~ Paul McMullan
At work : former NotW Deputy Features Editor Paul McMullan
Writing exclusively for Byline Investigations in a feature-length article to be published here in full next week , Mr McMullan , 48 , ( pictured right at work in the NotW offices ) revealed how they were diverted at the behest of Mrs Brooks from an investigation into football hooliganism in order to pursue the hacked story about Scotland 's then manager Craig Brown and television sports reporter Louise Port .
They said : “ I was in Berlin following around a gang of neo-Nazi football hooligans when I got a call on my mobile from the Features Editor at the paper , Gary Thompson .
“ He said to me : ‘ Rebekah ( NotW Editor at the time ) wants you to fly to Holland and find a way to write this ' . They proceeded to explain that a former Scotland football manager was in a relationship with a TV presenter and that Rebekah wanted it for the Scottish edition .
Victims : ex-Scotland Manager Craig Brown and friend Louise Port
“ I asked whether I needed to stand the story up ( newspaper parlance for proving it was true ) , and they said ‘ no , it 's all on tape , we know it is bang on . It 's from their phone messages ' . ”
Mr McMullan was then told to ring another executive for fuller details of the story – Deputy News Editor Clive Goodman , who in 2007 was arrested and later convicted for hacking the phones of the Royal family .
Mr McMullan added : “ I was told to liaise with Clive . It was very unusual that the Features Department – my department – would ever work alongside the News Department , as the two were usually immediate rivals .
“ This was something that would only ever happen with direct intervention from the Editor . So when Clive and I were on the phone talking about this , I knew it was only because Rebekah had ordered things to be that way .
Hacker : Clive Goodman outside court
“ I think Rebekah wanted me on the job partially because I was already on the road in Germany and not far from Holland , and partially because they had just asked me to get involved setting up a new Investigations Department for the paper .
`` I was still giving it some thought , so I saw me getting this story as a form of encouragement to accept the new role they were offering . ”
Mr McMullan , from Dover , went on : “ Clive confirmed that the story was based on the voicemail traffic of the two people involved . I was sent a transcript of the messages . My job was to turn the recorded voicemail messages into a story . ”
On the basis of the hacks , Mr McMullan travelled to Amsterdam to find the then 60-year-old Mr Brown and 23-year-old Ms Port .
They went on : “ I went to the hotel they were staying at and I interviewed the bar staff ; the waiter who brought them room service , and wrote a colourful piece about their affair , embellishing it with bits of the tape of the recorded conversations . ”
They added : “ It made the Scottish edition front page , I was very pleased . ”
`` She tricked a jury into believing they were far too above the nitty gritty of day-to-day journalism to know that phone hacking had ever gone on , '' ~ McMullan on Brooks .
The story when it was published in July 2000 did little to disguise the use of telephone eavesdropping .
In It , Mr McMullan ascribed the phone-hacked material as being the words of a “ close friend of the couple ” .
Story : Rebekah Brooks oversaw hacked article
They wrote : `` Louise is a mad keen Celtic fan and they just started chatting about the game . It was clear from the start that they were keen on each other . She 'd ring them up constantly .
`` It was during the calls to their mobile swapping information on teams and players that their romance really blossomed .
`` It 's well-known Craig is a ladies ' man . They love the company of women and when this young girl showed that they respected them and fancied them over the phone they were really chuffed . ”
Mr McMullan , who was hired personally by Mrs Brooks and was a trusted £60,000-a-year editorial executive , said they knew the origin of the story was voicemail interception .
And their testimony will provoke scrutiny of Mrs Brooks ' successful defence at the Old Bailey that , while hacking was shown to be rife at the newspaper on their watch , it happened entirely without my knowledge .
Mr McMullan said : “ She tricked a jury into believing they were far too above the nitty gritty of day-to-day journalism to know that phone hacking had ever gone on and certainly they had never sanctioned it and they were let off scot-free . ''
Acquitted : Brooks denied knowing of phone hacking at Old Bailey
They added : `` Rebekah ( then Rebekah Wade ) was Features Editor when they made me a full-time reporter on the paper in 1995 . Within four years , thanks to my total loyalty and of course doing many , many underhand things to produce about 300 stories for the News of the World , I was made Deputy Features Editor .
Signed : Rebekah Wade hires Mr McMullan
`` It means that now I know exactly what Rebekah was told about every story that came from every illegal act , either by a private investigator we hired or by journalists themselves .
`` When anybody walked into the newspaper office on Tuesday morning conference when Rebekah was Features Editor and put up a story idea their first question was , ‘ where did you get it ? ' .
`` And the journalist would then tell her , and they would demand to listen to the tape and quite often that tape would have to be transcribed and sent down to legal ( department ) or at least locked away with the tape in the reporter 's draw . ''
Last night a second key source confirmed the story about Mr Brown and Ms Port was based on hacked material .
Corroborated : Greg Miskiw remembers phone hack
Greg Miskiw , the News of the World 's former Head of Investigations and self-confessed phone hacker , told Byline Investigations : “ I was not involved in the mechanics of the story , although I do recall a hack .
“ Clive ( Goodman ) was the only person on ( the ) News ( Department ) who had access to Glenn ( Mulcaire ) . From recollection , it ( the hack ) was the only proof they had . ”
Neither News UK , which in October is due to defend allegations of phone hacking at The Sun newspaper while Mrs Brooks was its editor , nor Mrs Brooks herself , responded to Byline Investigations ' questions about this article .
Marvin Minsky is one of the founding fathers of artificial intelligence , and over the past 60 years they have made key contributions in mathematics , robotics , computer graphics , machine perception , and machine learning . I was lucky enough to be invited to meet recently with Minsky at their home in Brookline , Massachusetts , and I took a videographer to capture the conversation .
It was a charming , slightly surreal experience . After all , it 's unusual to meet someone who was on a first-name basis with John von Neumann , Claude Shannon , and Albert Einstein . And despite being unwell for the past couple of years , Minsky , 88 , has n't lost their playful sense of humor .
It was also fascinating because artificial intelligence has had a remarkable renaissance in recent years , thanks especially to progress in simulating the process by which neurons and synapses enable a brain to learn . Minsky has had a huge influence on the field 's progress toward this new dawn .
In 1951 , while studying mathematics at Princeton , they built the first learning machine , an artificial neural network built from vacuum tubes called the Stochastic Neural Analog Reinforcement Calculator , or SNARC . Shortly after that , they turned their attention toward the manipulation of logic and symbols using computers , which guided their later work on artificial intelligence .
In 1959 , together with the computer scientist John McCarthy , Minsky founded the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at MIT . In the 1960s , they attempted to model human perception and intelligence using several early robots . Other achievements include the invention of the confocal microscope .
Minsky 's ideas fundamentally influenced both cognitive science and artificial intelligence , and they sought to unravel the aspects of human intelligence in several books , including The Society of Mind and The Emotion Machine .
Throughout their career , Minsky has sought to build computers capable of more than just computation , and perhaps their most enduring legacy will be encouraging others to believe that intelligence can indeed be born in machines .
Best Answer : I was a member of the Non-denominational Charismatic Church . I know , it 's an oxymoron , but that is how they chose to be addressed . They practiced speaking in tongues , which many denominations do not accept , despite the Bible saying , `` Do not forbid speaking in tongues . ''
When I went through what is believed to be the baptism of the Holy Spirit , which is described in the account of Pentecost , I also spoke in tongues . The funny thing is , no two people seemed to be speaking the same language , even though all were considered to be truly speaking an angelic language . Each person 's 'tongues ' were unique to them , and often turned into repetitions of the same syllable . This instilled some doubts in me about the nature of speaking in tongues .
What I find interesting is this : I can still speak in tongues if I feel so inclined , despite not being a believer .
You ask a well pointed question that turns one 's attention to something seldom considered .
Source ( s ) : Ex-Born-Again Christain who is now an agnostic atheist
? · 8 years ago
1 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
BALASUBRAMANI MARIAPPAN
Las Vegas — Injecting malicious code into legitimate Android mobile applications can turn smartphones into spyphones with little effort , which could pose a problem for businesses that support BYOD programs , a researcher told the Black Hat security conference .
Climbing a very low learning curve , researchers at Kindsight ( part of Alcatel-Lucent ) with no previous experience with the Android software developers ' kit were able to crank out a custom version of the game Angry Birds that ran on an Android phone , says Kevin McNamee , director of security architecture at Kindsight .
The altered app gave access to the device 's GPS , microphone , camera , Wi-Fi radio , email , text messages and contact lists , they say . Attackers can record conversations in the vicinity of the phone , record phone calls and take pictures without the user knowing about it and send them to a command and control server .
If such an altered application were loaded on a device that connected to a corporate network it would become a spy node that could scan the network and launch attacks . The malicious code could be updated after it is installed on a phone to customize it to attack specific vulnerabilities it finds in the network , they say .
“ It 's a remote-access Trojan in the phone , and I think it 's pretty scary , ” McNamee says . The bug that allows this is related to the Android master-key flaw that was discussed at a separate Black Hat briefing .
Called DroidWhisper , the code was dropped into a legitimate version of Angry Birds , taking advantage of characteristics of Android that are n't very rigorous in checking the certificates used to sign applications , McNamee says .
Getting the app on a phone in the first place is a challenge but it could be met with clever spear phishing , they say . In the case of the Angry Birds app , an email advertising a free version of the game with a link to a site to download it could draw in the target .
The malicious piece of the application runs in the background and boots up when the device is rebooted so it is always available , even when the app itself is turned off . It is then signed with a digital certificate , but it could be self-signed . “ Any certificate will do , ” they say .
DroidWhisper uses standard Android APIs to gain access to services on the device . The original legitimate app is broken down into its components using the Android application package tool . Then the app is rebuilt , adding DroidWhisper , McNamee says .
Fighting such an espionage application could be done by anti-virus software seeking communications with the command and control server , they say .
A modified legitimate application would have to be downloaded from a phone application store , for example , because it could not be posted to Google Play where the actual legitimate app is available , they say .
Tim Greene covers Microsoft and unified communications for Network World and writes the Mostly Microsoft blog . Reach them at tgreene @ nww.com and follow them on Twitter @ Tim_Greene .
The leading candidate for the general manager position of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers appears to be current Kansas City Chiefs director of player personnel , Chris Ballard . We had the chance to talk about Ballard with Greg Gabriel , who spent nine years with the Chicago Bears as the director of college scouting under Jerry Angelo and now covers the draft for the National Football Post .
Gabriel has some strong convictions on Ballard .
`` It took me about three years to figure out that they were going to be a future general manager . ''
`` I gave them their first NFL job , '' Gabriel says . `` He 's the first guy I hired . When I hired them I 'd only been on the job ten days and Jerry [ Angelo ] ) gave me their name . They said 'there 's a guy down at Texas A & I [ now Texas A & M Kingsville - ed . ] , he 's the pro liaison/defensive coordinator , they were always good in talking about players . You could trust their opinion when you went to the school , and they gave you their thoughts about the player . So why do n't you call him ? ' ''
`` I called them on the phone three times . I never met them and I hired him . It was only through phone conversations . First time I met them in person was two days after I hired him , I flew them out to Chicago . ''
`` He was very , very impressive , '' Gabriel says . `` And I knew they had the passion it took to be a good scout . Everybody wants to be a scout , but it 's a very tough job . It 's a tough job because number one you 're on the road . You 're by yourself . You 're away from your family . You miss a lot of things , you miss your kids growing up because you 're gone so much . You 're basically your own boss when you 're on the road . It takes its own stick-to-itiveness , initiative that you get the work done . And they got the work done . ''
It takes more than just toughness , work ethic and perseverance to be a good scout , however . You need to know how to scout players , and you need to be able to sell that to your coaches and to the people in charge .
`` What Chris does better than any guy I 've been around , and I 've been doing this thirty years , they can sell a player better than anybody I 've ever been around . Whether he 's right or wrong , they know how to sell them . They know how to present a player . Just their personality , the words they use , he 's very , very convincing . ''
Ballard was especially good at evaluating players on the defensive side of the ball , and especially defensive backs . The Bears had a slew of very strong defensive backs when they were there , and some of them are still going in the league , like Charles Tillman .
Jeff Hanisch-US PRESSWIRE
`` Chris was a very strong defensive evaluator and they were excellent with defensive backs . And the whole time I was there , Chris cross-checked defensive backs . So they knew number one what we were looking for , number two they knew the personality of the coach , and knew if the coach could work with the kid and knew if the kid could prosper under the coach . There are not a lot of scouts , who can do that who have that skill . That 's where they were very very strong . ''
There are plenty of examples of players where Ballard 's combination of being an excellent scout and being able to sell a guy helped the Bears get some very good players .
`` [ Charles ] Tillman , that was Chris ' guy . [ Cornerback ] Nate Vasher we took in the fourth round from Texas . Now that 's a great example , because Chris had a very strong conviction on Nate Vasher . Nate at their pro day did n't run very good . Now their agility drills and stuff were outstanding . ''
Ballard wanted to really sell Vasher , though . They were convinced Vasher was going to be good . So they went back to Texas to time them again , and gets a tenth of a second off their time . Gabriel said `` What did you do , strap jet engines to their ankles ? '' But Ballard really believed in Vasher , and just told Gabriel `` Oh no man , they can do it . They can run real good ! ''
`` But fact of the matter is Nate Vasher , they could n't run fast ! '' Gabriel says . `` And I always harassed Ballard about that after , but they were so quick and so instinctive they became an All-Pro . Fourth-round pick and they went to the Pro Bowl ! ''
It was n't just defense , though that certainly is Ballard 's specialty . `` [ Running back ] Matt Forte was another guy . Chris and I both had a strong conviction . Jerry ( Angelo ) was n't as sold on Forte as Chris and I were . '' Forte has since made it to two Pro Bowls and has been a very large part of the Bears ' offense since being drafted .
Dennis Wierzbicki
Part of Ballard 's edge as an evaluator was that they understood which character issues mattered , which did n't , and which coaches could work with which players . That helped the Bears find some talented players other teams might no touch , or would n't touch that early .
`` I think the fact that they coached at Texas A & M Kingsville , '' Gabriel said . `` Where at the time when they were there , kids that could n't get in at a lot of other places ended up at Texas A & M Kingsville . Some of them were bad character kids or I 'm going to say borderline character kids , had some issues . So they knew how to deal with these kids.And knowing how to deal with these kids and knowing these kids and being around them , that gave them a better idea of how to judge character . ''
`` And they did a very , very good job in getting the right information . They just had to say the little things to me and I knew they trusted the kid . There might be some issues with the kid , but they know how to push the kid 's button and knows how to get the best out of them and knows that they wo n't bust , so to speak . [ The player ] wo n't be a disappointment . I got ta say that they were right the vast majority of the time ! ''
So Ballard 's an excellent scout . That certainly helps , but why would Lovie Smith go after them as a general manager , specifically ? Turns out the two go a long , long way back .
`` He 's got a very good relationship with Lovie Smith . You know , they go back . Chris played at Wisconsin when Lovie was an assistant coach there . They know each other going back from when Chris was in college . Another thing that 's very important with Lovie : Chris is from Texas , Lovie is from Texas . Lovie loves Texans . ''
Despite the fact that Lovie Smith 's likely going to have final say on the roster , Ballard will have input , and Lovie wo n't be blinded by their own opinions . Ballard will be able to sell their players to Lovie , while Lovie on their turn will listen to what their general manager has to say .
`` If you 're just gon na go on your own opinion you do n't need scouts . There 's got ta be discussion . And Lovie is a good listener . I had to sit down with Lovie on numerous occasions and talk to them about players , sell them on players . But he 's a good listener . ''
So would Ballard be a good general manager ? Gabriel certainly thinks so .
`` If they do get the job there 's not a doubt in my mind that he 's going to do an outstanding job there . ''
You can follow Greg Gabriel on Twitter as @ greggabe
Taking lots of selfies is not currently considered a mental disorder , but the amount of products coming out to support our selfie obsession is ridick . There 's the selfie stick , toasted selfies and now there 's even the Belfie , a selfie stick for your butt .
Kim Kardashian came up with the term while striking a pose of them behind in the mirror for Instagram one day . Model Cheryl Cole and Kelly Brook soon followed the trend with their own Instagram belfies and even Lady Gaga used a flattering rear photo for the cover of ‘ Do What You Want. ‘
http : //instagram.com/p/fjw59uuS7b/
But capturing your rear-end is n't exactly easy if all you 've got is your phone . Kim K is an expert selfie taker but a source close to the belfie incident told Life & Style magazine : “ She took so many pictures and deleted them before they and Kanye decided on the one they posted. ” The creators of selfie-plastered social network site On.com invented the Belfie to finally , “ make it easy to take pics of your bum in any angle . ”
“ We 've noticed a huge spike in users taking butt selfies in recent months so the natural next step was for us to develop a device to assist our users in taking one , ” On.com 's CTO Kevin Deegan told Business Insider .
A regular selfie stick will cost you about $ 15 but this is obviously no ordinary selfie-taking tool . The uniquely designed piece that lets you take selfies of your back side goes for a cool $ 79.99 . Also , it 's currently sold out . Those hoping to get in on the butt pic taking tools trend can sign up to get on the waiting list here .
A Pittsburgh police officer who earned nearly $ 190,000 in base salary during a three-year paid suspension is returning to work , their attorney said Thursday .
Police Chief Cameron McLay notified Tonya Montgomery-Ford by letter on March 30 that “ the investigations that led to you being placed on administrative leave are completed , ” and they ordered them back to work , according to Downtown attorney Samuel Cordes . Montgomery-Ford is suing the city in federal court , alleging the suspension violated their civil rights . A trial is scheduled for May .
Cordes said they are not sure when their client will return to duty , noting that their police officer certification has expired and they must go through training at the city 's police academy .
“ This letter was signed on the 30th . They received it on Monday morning , ” Cordes said .
Public Safety spokesperson Sonya Toler confirmed that McLay ordered Montgomery-Ford 's return , but they declined to comment further , citing the lawsuit .
Former acting Chief Regina McDonald suspended Montgomery-Ford , 46 , of New Homestead and two other police employees on Feb. 21 , 2013 , amid a federal investigation involving former Chief Nate Harper . McDonald did not provide a reason for the suspension .
Montgomery-Ford 's base salary during the three years she 's been on leave totaled nearly $ 190,000 , and Cordes said the city owes them at least $ 113,000 in compensation for lost overtime . Cordes said the city never explained why Montgomery-Ford was being investigated .
Them lawsuit alleges the suspension was retaliation for their reluctance to issue parking variances — which permit free parking at city meters — to Harper 's friends .
“ What I do know is that in none of this was Tonya Ford criminally implicated in any way , ” Cordes said . “ If they did something wrong , they did n't accuse them of anything . If they did something criminally , there are a bunch of procedures for dealing with that , and that did n't happen . So what are we left with ? ”
Harper admitted diverting $ 72,628 in department funds to a police credit union account and spending $ 31,986 of the money for their personal benefit . They were released from federal prison last May , having serving 14 months of an 18-month sentence .
Montgomery-Ford , an officer for 27 years , was one of several who teamed with Harper to form an outside consulting business known as Diverse Public Safety Consultants , which drew the scrutiny of federal investigators .
They also headed D & T Enterprises LLC , a firm that received about $ 7,000 from the city in 2011 for catering services , including work on a police dinner , and merchandise .
“ When they removed Officer Ford from the police force and placed them on administrative leave , it was without just cause and — in my opinion — was done completely for political reasons as a result of ( the Harper scandal ) , ” said Robert Swartzwelder , president of the Fraternal Order of Police Fort Pitt Lodge No . 1 .
McDonald told the Tribune-Review in 2013 that the suspension “ was something I felt needed to be done . ”
“ If they 're saying they did this because of their affiliation with something that there is no proof that they were affiliated with , that 's a problem , ” Cordes said . “ That 's not how the justice system works . ”
Bob Bauder is a Tribune-Review staff writer . Reach them at 412-765-2312 or bbauder @ tribweb.com .
Bob Bauder is a Tribune-Review staff reporter . You can contact Bob at 412-765-2312 , bbauder @ tribweb.com or via Twitter .
Grocery chain Sobeys Inc. is laying off more than 800 of its employees – almost 20 per cent of its office staff across the country – in its efforts to cut costs and turn around its struggling operations while preparing for a more digital future .
The staff layoffs , to be announced internally on Friday , are part of Sobeys 's major revamping , which it has dubbed Project Sunrise , and is aimed at slashing $ 500-million annually in two years . Some of the employee reductions have already occurred and others will take place over the coming months until July . The country 's second largest grocer , which also owns Safeway , is expected to disclose a charge it will take to cover severances in its next quarterly results on Dec. 13 .
But the retailer will keep investing in its operations and prepare for a broader e-commerce launch – with home deliveries – in a bid to take on a fast-changing retail market and emerge a winner , said Michael Medline , chief executive of Sobeys and its parent , Empire Co. Ltd .
Story continues below advertisement
`` We have a lot on our plates – we had to reorganize , we 're taking costs out so we can be efficient and compete , '' Mr. Medline said in an interview Thursday in the Sobeys ultramodern test kitchen at its Ontario offices over a lunch of its own-brand appetizers , including pan-seared Sensations chicken and pork pot stickers . `` But at the same time , we are hard at work in terms of developing an e-commerce solution that will permit us to be the pre-eminent e-commerce grocer in the country – that 's got to be the goal . ''
Mr. Medline , who took the top job in January , is working to revive the ailing Sobeys after its $ 5.8-billion takeover of Safeway Canada in 2013 , which gave it a prominent position in Western Canada but left it with heavy losses amid a marred merger .
Now , Sobeys has to race to catch up in almost every aspect of its business , including product offerings , pricing and marketing , even while the grocery sector feels the pressure of e-commerce powerhouse Amazon.com Inc. and its recent $ 13.7-billion ( U.S. ) acquisition of Whole Foods Market Inc .
Already , grocery leader Loblaw Cos. Ltd. announced the launch of online grocery deliveries beginning in Toronto on Dec. 6 as it teams up with U.S. delivery tech startup Instacart . At the same time , Loblaw is expanding its Click & Collect program , which means customers order online and pick up their purchases at a store .
Loblaw has focused in the past on Click & Collect , which is a more cost-efficient business model because the company does n't bear the expense of shipping orders to each customer 's home or office . Despite the extra cost , Metro Inc. , the country 's third largest grocer , will expand its e-commerce delivery service beyond Quebec to Ontario .
`` Clearly our customer preference is for home delivery , '' Eric La Flèche , chief executive officer of Metro , told a quarterly analyst conference call on Wednesday .
Mr. La Flèche acknowledged that the economics of e-commerce deliveries are `` challenging , but we 're making progress . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Medline agreed that customers prefer e-commerce deliveries over click-and-collect . Sobeys is in the position to know : for years it has offered e-commerce in Quebec and through its Thrifty Foods stores in British Columbia .
`` When we give people the choice in Quebec , almost 90 per cent of them choose home delivery over click-and-collect , '' Mr. Medline said . In densely populated urban markets , e-commerce `` means delivery to home , '' they said . `` It 's a must-win battleground for Sobeys . ''
And while e-commerce makes up just 0.8 per cent of Canada 's estimated $ 100-billion of grocery industry sales , it is expected to increase to 2.5 per cent of the market in five years , according to Sobeys 's research .
E-commerce is the fastest-growing segment of the business and will continue to pick up at a quick pace , Mr. Medline said . `` As a retailer , you will look like a dinosaur if you 're not superb at delivering to home a really exciting online experience , '' added the former CEO of Canadian Tire Corp. Ltd. , which is just beginning to offer home deliveries .
But in Sobeys 's cost-cutting , it wo n't make blanket demands of suppliers that they lower their pricing but rather will work with vendors as partners and negotiate with them individually , they said . Loblaw recently angered many suppliers by telling them it will start demanding in January a 0.79-per-cent charge from its major vendors and 0.24 per cent from others .
Still , Metro 's Mr. La Flèche said if a supplier is giving a rebate to a competitor `` we expect to be treated fairly and equitably on the cost side . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Despite the challenges , Mr. Medline said Sobeys has enjoyed some early signs of progress in its turnaround efforts . It posted quarterly results in September that were better than expected . `` We 're probably six months ahead in terms of making progress on Project Sunrise and stabilizing the business than I could have hoped for when I joined . ''
Pictures of a dog stranded on a ledge in the middle of a gigantic waterfall in Bosnia 's Una National Park surfaced online after the park posted photos of the stranded pup on their Facebook page . The park wrote in a post that authorities came upon the dog on Monday , and suspected that it landed on the cliff after getting caught in the river 's current while chasing game . The park also wrote that theywere attempting to rescue the dog by convincing it to jump . We 're not too sure how that would be the best way to rescue a dog from a waterfall , but hey , we never claimed to be experts on the matter . RELATED : Among the year 's oddest stories , animal tales were top dogs The photos of this very , very sad looking dog went viral on Slavic media and eventually made their way to Reddit . The post attracted hordes of commenters concerned about whether or not the dog was rescued . That detail of the story remains unclear . The park did post an update saying that eventually the dog was coaxed to jump from the rock . However , the park ended their post saying that they hoped it would survive . The keyword in that is “ hoped. ” RELATED : Seattledogtakes solo trips to the park via city bus This Metro writer would like to believe that the dog was perfectly alright after its rescue , and that it ended up on a nice Bosnian farm where it could chew bones , chase its tail and never see another body of water ever again . We 'll keep you updated as we learn more . Matt Lee is a Web producer for Metro.US and specializes in writing about everything and anything . Talk to them on Twitter so they do n't feel lonely at @ mattlee2669 . Related Articles Review : 'The Drop ' is Dennis Lehane with a thrilling Tom Hardy plus a cute dog Review : Jean-Luc Godard 's 'Goodbye to Language ' has 3-D , loud pooping and a cute dog Is breeding a dog to fight animal cruelty ? Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS : Singapore 's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden 's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019 : Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn 's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand 's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures
In previous posts I have shown data for global manufacturing output by country . One of the things those posts have showed is that manufacturing output in China is growing tremendously , but it is also growing in the United States . The chart below shows manufacturing production by country as a percent of GDP . China dominates again , with over 30 % of the GDP from manufacturing .
Chart showing manufacturing output , as percent of GDP , by country was created by the Curious Cat Economics Blog based on UN data * ( based on current USA dollars ) . You may use the chart with attribution .
For the 14 biggest manufacturing countries in 2008 , the overall manufacturing GDP percentage was 23.7 % of GDP in 1980 and dropped to 17 % in 2008 . I left India ( 15 % in 1980 , 15 % in 2008 ) , Mexico ( 20 % , 18 % ) , Canada ( 17 % , 13 % ) , Spain ( 25 % , 14 % ) and Russia ( 21 % in 1990 [ it was part of USSR in 1980 ] , 15 % ) off the chart .
Over the last few decades Korea , and to some extent China , are the only countries that have increased the percent of GDP from manufacturing . China has not only grown manufacturing activity tremendously but also other areas of the economy ( construction , mining , information technology ) . The countries with the largest manufacturing portions of their economies in 2008 were : China 32 % , South Korea 25 % , Japan and Germany at 21 % . The next highest is Mexico at 18 % which declined slightly over the last 15 years ( with NAFTA in place ) . Globally , while manufacturing has grown , other areas of economic activity have been growing faster than manufacturing .
The manufacturing share of the USA economy dropped from 21 % in 1980 to 18 % in 1990 , 16 % in 2000 and 13 % in 2008 . Still as previous posts show the USA manufacturing output has grown substantially : over 300 % since 1980 , and 175 % since 1990 . The proportion of manufacturing output by the USA ( for the top 14 manufacturers ) has declined from 31 % in 1980 , 28 % in 1990 , 32 % in 2000 to 24 % in 2008 . The proportion of USA manufacturing has declined from 33 % in 1980 , 29 % in 1990 , 36 % in 2000 to 30 % in 2008 . While manufacturing output has grown in the USA it has done so more slowly than the economy overall .
Related : The Relative Economic Position of the USA is Likely to Decline – Manufacturing Data , Accuracy Questions – Top 12 Manufacturing Countries in 2007 – Manufacturing Employment Data : 1979 to 2007 – USA Manufacturing Output Continues to Increase ( over the long term )
* I made edits to the 1980 Brazil manufacturing data and 1980 , 1985 and 2008 China manufacturing data because the UN data only showed manufacturing data combined with mining and utility data . And I am using older UN data that had manufacturing separated from mining and utility figures for China in the other years .
Comments
NEW ORLEANS — A newfound way of delivering oxygen in animal circulatory systems depends mostly on food sloshing back and forth in the guts .
This discovery came in sea spiders , or pycnogonids , which can look like legs in search of a body . Their spookily long legs hold stretches of digestive tract , which would n't fit inside the creatures ' scrap of an abdomen . Waves of contraction sweeping up and down the leggy guts cause blood outside the guts to move too , evolutionary physiologist Art Woods of the University of Montana in Missoula said January 8 at the annual meeting of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology . As lumpy surges of partly digested food rise and fall , blood that has picked up oxygen by diffusion whooshes to the rest of the body , Woods proposed .
“ Essentially they use their legs like gills , ” says Jon Harrison , an evolutionary physiologist at Arizona State University in Tempe , who was not involved in the
“ John Connor gave me a picture of you once . I did n't know why at the time . It was very old – torn , faded . You were young like you are now . You seemed just a little sad . I used to always wonder what you were thinking at that moment . I memorized every line , every curve . I came across time for you , Sarah . I love you ; I always have. ” –Kyle Reese
I 've long preferred James Cameron 's unassuming 1984 sci-fi thriller , The Terminator , over its blockbuster juggernaut sequel , Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . Which is weird because a . ) T2 was the first R-rated film I actually saw in theaters ( as opposed to VHS or HBO ) and b . ) given the casting of Edward Furling , the endless merchandising , and widespread teenaged fanaticism of its sequel , you 'd think a curious seven-year-old would be hooked . Not the case : Even as a youngster , I could n't shake off a character as troubled and honest and sympathetic as Michael Biehn 's Kyle Reese .
Thirty years ago , Cameron and writer/producer Gale Anne Hurd told the story of a lethal cyborg assassin sent back in time to kill the mother of a future leader of the human resistance . While billed as a “ science fiction action film , ” the nearly two-hour vehicle also served as a tragic love story between its two leads : Biehn 's Reese and Linda Hamilton 's victimized Sarah Connor . “ Come with me if you want to live ” are Reese 's first words to Connor amidst a vicious shoot-out at a Los Angeles night club . He , too , is from the future : a resistance fighter with the sole mission of protecting their commander 's mother .
Everything about the film 's production has become legend : how the studio originally wanted Arnold Schwarzenegger to play the hero and O.J . Simpson the titular role ; how FX guru Stan Winston was n't Cameron 's first choice ; how Hamilton sprained their ankle early in production and suffered throughout filming ; how Schwarzenegger struggled with the iconic line , “ I 'll be back ” ; how the majority of filming across the city of Los Angeles took place at night guerilla-style ; and how actor Lance Henriksen stormed into a meeting dressed as a Terminator to convince John Daly of Hemdale Pictures on the project .
What 's fascinating is trying to imagine Schwarzenegger as Reese . While they would go on to surprise audiences by assuming the hero role in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , he 'd remain a T-800 cyborg and would n't have to sell a love story . Well , that 's not true . Their paternal relationship with Furlong 's young John Connor was certainly similar in nature , but even so , it was more Old Yeller than Romeo & Juliet . No , suffice to say , Schwarzenegger as anything but the Terminator would have changed the film 's fabric altogether , especially if they nabbed the part as Reese . They would have shattered the character .
Many almost did . As Hurd notes , “ Almost everyone else who came in from the audition was so tough that you just never believed that there was gon na be this human connection between [ Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese ] . They have very little time to fall in love . A lot of people came in and just could not pull it off . ”
Instead , Biehn delivered exactly what the film needed : humanity . On the surface , The Terminator tells a very simple story of man vs. machine . Think of it as John Carpenter 's Halloween with more muscle , metal , and homemade pipe bombs . What makes both films stalk accordingly is their willingness to relate to their audience . From inception , Sarah Connor was always going to be the more human character ; she 's a struggling , young waiter who we see day in and day out . What elevated the story was making Biehn equally accessible .
Rather than tossing them a helmet , a gun , and some chewing tobacco , Biehn 's stripped of everything — literally . Our first introduction to the character finds them helpless , confused , and naked as they confront Los Angeles ' bleak underbelly with the city 's finest patrolmen close behind . They smuggle clothes from a department store , yanks off pants from a vagrant , and has to lean on their limited resources to do the one thing he 's supposed to do : protect . Yet it 's that gritty sense of survivalism is what makes Reese such an enigmatic character .
Again , it goes back to the casting : Biehn 's a slim guy with understated muscle . A cursory glance has them pegged for the waves over any sort of militia . He 's unassuming with boyish looks and a nearly effeminate demeanor . When they finally catch a breath with Hamilton , they assume the soldier archetype with a hint of playfulness : “ Cyborgs do n't feel pain . I do . Do n't do that again. ” Later , during an interrogation sequence at the police station , they get theatrical playing the tough guy : “ You still do n't get it , do you ? He 'll find her ! That 's what they do ! That 's ALL they do ! You ca n't stop him ! He 'll wade through you , reach down their throat , and pull their fuckin ' heart out ! ”
These little inferences speak to Reese 's overall mindset and insist that he 's just as terrified as Hamilton . The fear comes out in their facial expressions — specifically , those young , manic eyes — that highlight their temperament in each situation . He 's a vulnerable hero , a juxtaposition to Schwarzenegger 's unstoppable killing machine , and there 's a level of uncertainty to their abilities that creates an unnerving through-line to Connor 's own survival arc . In other words , despite their early heroics , there 's absolutely no reason to believe Reese will be successful in protecting Connor .
That uncertainty separates The Terminator from its successors . While each story has always pitted an underdog against a titan , whether it 's the T-800 vs. T-100 or the T-850 vs. T-X , the stakes have never been higher than Reese and Connor 's struggle for survival . ( C'mon ! With Schwarzenegger on your team , it 's hard to really feel any uncertainty , even if Robert Patrick 's eagle eyes are terrifying enough to fry a hard drive . ) Yet Cameron and Hurd make it even more dire by introducing the asupervisorstioned love story , giving audiences more reason to fear for the protagonists ' lives .
Their whole romance could have been a cheesy , one-dimensional relationship , but the chemistry between Reese and Connor is palpable . Throughout the film , the two depend on one another , whether it 's propping each other up , building homemade plastique , or offering emotional support during moments of respite . “ On your feet , soldier , ” Connor pleads towards the end , and there 's a sense of despair that strikes the heart . So , by the end , only heartless cynics would scoff at Sarah , when they say that “ in the few hours we had together , we loved a lifetime 's worth . ”
Biehn would play a similar role in Cameron 's exceptional sequel to Ridley Scott 's Alien as Corporal Dwayne Hicks . Like Reese , Hicks plays the soldier with a heart who winds up relying on a female figure . By comparison , they 're about the same character , though Hicks is easily swept aside by Sigourney Weaver 's Oscar-nominated Ellen Ripley . But they both highlight the human vulnerability that Biehn brought to the silver screen .
Personally , I still get choked up watching The Terminator . As a child , I would stop my VHS tape shortly before the T-800 rose from the flames , pretending that Connor and Reese were able to drive off and raise John together . Stupid , I know , but Reese was such a hero in my eyes that I could n't stomach the thought that they died so tragically on those factory stairs . ( You could imagine how I reacted in theaters when I saw Alien 3 . I believe the word “ tantrum ” works . )
But I 'm not alone . Earlier this summer , Biehn participated in Entertainment Weekly ‘ s oral history on the film , in which they discussed the influential nature of Kyle Reese . They said , “ I meet kids all the time who come up to me and say , ‘ My name is Kyle and my parents named me after you . ' But one of the bittersweet occurrences that happens is that guys come up to me on the street and say , ‘ I went into the military because of you . ' And usually they 're okay — or they look okay — but that 's a heavy burden , especially if you know how I feel about war . ”
Biehn is n't the only actor to portray Reese . In the past , Anton Yelchin and Jonathan Jackson have both offered admirable spins on the rogue hero in Terminator : Salvation and The Sarah Connor Chronicles , respectively . And soon , we 'll see Jai Courtney tackle the role in next year 's Terminator : Genisys . Though , based on Courtney 's on-screen demeanor and their brief , adrenalized resume , it would appear that those safe studio executives from the '80s will finally receive the brute , chisel-faced Kyle Reese they always wanted .
Now , I have n't seen the film , so who knows how it 'll turn out ( Cameron did provide the producers some keen insight ) , but I 'm willing to bet Courtney 's performance as Reese will forgo everything that Biehn brought to the character three decades ago . To be fair , that 's not exactly their fault , as very few action heroes ever get to value heart over bravado . Then again , you could say the same about people in general . After all , is n't it in our nature to destroy ourselves ?
PC
Rollercoaster Tycoon World ab 64,20 € bei Amazon.de kaufen .
Vor wenigen Wochen kündigte Atari Rollercoaster Tycoon World an , das im Frühjahr 2015 für den PC erscheinen soll ( wir berichteten ) . PC Gamer konnte den Titel vergangenes Wochenende auf der PAX anspielen und berichtet unter anderem vom neuen Multiplayer-Modus . So könnt ihr mit bis zu vier Spielern gleichzeitig gemeinsam einen Park kreieren , wobei jedem Spieler ein eigenes Areal auf dem Parkgelände zugewiesen wird – ein gegenseitiges Zubauen wird somit verhindert . Zudem sollt ihr online die Parks anderer Spieler besuchen können sowie Blaupausen selbst erstellter Achterbahnen tauschen können . Beruhigend für Offline-Spieler : Der Online-Modus soll komplett optional bleiben .
Eine große Änderung betrifft den Baumodus für die Achterbahnen . Anstatt diese wie bisher Stück für Stück aus Einzelteilen fertigzustellen , kommt nun das neue `` Spline System '' zum Einsatz . Wie dieses im Detail funktioniert , ist zwar noch unklar , allerdings soll es einen leicht verständlichen und intuitiven Eindruck hinterlassen . Wie in Teil 3 werdet ihr eure Kreationen zudem wieder in diversen Kameraperspektiven fahren können – das trifft im übrigen nicht nur auf die Achterbahnen , sondern auf alle Attraktionen des Spiels zu . Neu ist auch der `` Park Pulse '' , der euch die Gedanken aller Besucher übersichtlich zusammenfassen soll .
Darüber hinaus wurden auch drei erste Screenshots zu Rollercoaster Tycoon World veröffentlicht ( zu unserer Galerie ) . Optisch wird sich die Parkmanager-Simulation am dritten Teil der Reihe orientieren . Zudem ist auf den Bildern zu erkennen , dass es wieder diverse Themenbereiche mit speziell angepassten Attraktionen geben wird – ob das auch bedeutet , dass es bestimmte Karussels nur in der Optik eines einzelnen Themenbereichs oder jeweils in mehreren Varianten geben wird , bleibt abzuwarten . Auf den Bildern zu sehen sind etwa ein Western- und ein Piratenszenario , PC Gamer berichtet zusätzlich von einem Weltraum- und einem 50er-Jahre-Thema .
Wer die Befürchtung hat , Rollercoaster Tycoon World könnte ähnlich wie Rollercoaster Tycoon 4 Mobile voll und ganz auf das Free-2-play-Prinzip ausgerichtet sein , darf beruhigt sein : Der PC-Titel soll komplett ohne Mikrotransaktionen auskommen .
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. - A police officer who authorities say attempted to chase down a 38-year-old man with three active arrest warrants was fatally shot by the suspect Friday after an exchange of gunfire in a southern New Mexico town .
The suspect , Joseph Moreno , also was killed in the morning shootout near a trailer park in Alamogordo , police said at a news conference . The desert town of about 31,000 people is home to the White Sands National Monument and Holloman Air Force Base .
Police identified the slain officer as Clint Corvinus , a four-year veteran who graduated from high school in Alamogordo . Authorities said they are survived by their parents , girlfriend and an 8-year-old daughter .
“ I am again so very saddened to see that yet another courageous law enforcement officer has been killed in the line of duty , ” Gov . Susana Martinez said in a statement . “ The violence against our police officers has to end , and we must do everything we can to stand up for those who put their lives on the line every single day to protect us . ”
Police Officer Clint Corvinus was fatally shot while pursuing a suspect in Alamogordo , New Mexico , Sept. 2 , 2016 . Alamogordo Police Department
Corvinus ' death marks the second fatal shooting of a police officer in a rural area of the state in less than a month . Three weeks ago , authorities said an Ohio fugitivegunned down Officer Jose Chavez during a traffic stop in Hatch , a village about 100 miles west of Alamogordo that 's known for its green chile crop .
The suspect in that shooting , Jesse Hanes , was taken into custody after a dramatic car pursuit , a carjacking and the shooting of a bystander whose car Hanes stole , police said .
The case and other recent events have led to renewed calls from Martinez , a Republican and former prosecutor , to reinstate New Mexico 's death penalty . Lawmakers repealed it in 2009 before Martinez took office .
The governor said they would back legislation for capital punishment when the Legislature convenes in January .
In the last legislative session , prior attacks on police - including the May and October 2015 shooting deaths of officers in Albuquerque and suburban Rio Rancho - galvanized an unsuccessful push by Republicans in the state Legislature for a slate of tough-on-crime legislation .
Within hours of the shooting Friday , Rep. Nate Gentry , an Albuquerque Republican and the state 's House Majority leader , issued a statement that called for laws that “ put - and keep - the violent criminals who terrorize our communities behind bars . ”
Flags were flown at half-staff at the Alamogordo police department after the shootout and mourners left flowers outside the building as law enforcement and members of the state 's congressional delegation issued statements in support of the fallen officer 's colleagues and families .
Corvinus , on patrol as a field training officer Friday morning , was with another officer when they encountered Moreno . They led the officers on a foot pursuit before gunfire erupted , authorities said .
Moreno was pronounced dead at the scene . Corvinus , 33 , was taken to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead at 9:18 a.m. , police said .
Police said Moreno had a lengthy criminal history and had been in and out of jail since at least 2001 , reports CBS affiliate KRQE . Online court records showed they were scheduled for trial in December on drug charges .
A booking photo from the city of Alamogordo showed Moreno with dramatic facial tattoos , including one across jaw that resembled the teeth of skeleton .
Everything We Know About Until Dawn : Rush of Blood
( as of 11/4/15 )
Supermassive 's newest game , Until Dawn : Rush of Blood was announced last week . I 've been doing the research so you do n't have to . Here 's the run down :
Rush of blood is a full , stand alone game set in the same universe as Until Dawn . It 's not dlc and not a sequel .
“ It 's very much set in that world and that universe , but it 's a completely separate game… This game charts the descent into madness of one of the characters from the Until Dawn universe . As they play through , fans of the series will start to recognise very familiar locations , some things around the characters and other similar aspects. ” -Simon Harris ( Supermassive executive producer )
The game was being worked on at the same time as Until Dawn .
Rush of blood will be an on rail arcade-style shooter . The entire game appears to take place on a rollercoaster/mine cart ride .
“ As soon as you say ‘ on-rails ' to an experienced PlayStation gamer , they say , ‘ That sounds a little 80s or 90s to me . ' But the experience of a roller coaster ride allows us to provide pacing. ” - Simon Harris
It 's coming out exclusively for Playstation VR .
You will not be able to play without the VR headset connected , which is expected to come out in spring 2016 .
There is a 7 minute demo which reviewers have played but is not available for the public .
“ You 're seeing a demo which is about seven minutes long . That 's about half of one of our levels , and there 'll be a good number of levels in the game. ” - Simon Harris Watch the demo footage here or check out some gifs instead .
“ The demo started with a ride in a roller coaster car and the shooting of pigs heads on stakes with two Move controllers . At one point , the game stopped and tricked me into looking round – only to confront me with a screaming ghoul . Harris said VR is going to be perfect for jump-scares. ” -vg247 reviewer
Choices will play some part in the game .
“ It would n't be a game set in the Until Dawn world without choices ” -Simon Harris
Furthur Reading :
So what do you guys think ? Are you excited about the new game or is the dramatic change in genre/playstyle putting you off ?
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brad Guzan will be glad to see the back of English football when they depart this summer .
It 's been a tough couple of years for Guzan in the Premier League , where they have suffered a double relegation with Aston Villa and now Middlesbrough .
As well as packing their goalkeeper gloves , Guzan will be taking wounded pride with them when they return to their native United States at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer franchise Atlanta .
To add insult to injury not only did their final home match for Boro end in a 2-1 defeat to Southampton today - it also ended in the embarrassment of their own fans calling for them to be sent off .
During the match at the Riverside there was the bizarre situation of Boro fans chanting 'Off , off , off ' at their own keeper when they conceded a penalty by fouling Shane Long .
Guzan , who was nutmegged for all three goals in the defeat at Chelsea which confirmed their current club 's relegation on Monday , was not red-carded by Anthony Taylor , and Long subsequently blasted Saints ' spot-kick over .
But they were red-faced and Guzan who will hope home comforts in the States will kickstart a career which has been on something of a downer for too long .
by Tristan Wang
Hollywood movies and horror novels have painted extraterrestrial life as green monsters , scouring the barren grounds of Mars and shooting any intruder with photon lasers . These disturbing imaginations , while far-fetched , do hold some truth about frightening outer space life forms , but not in the ways we imagine . During its orbit as the first modular space station , the satellite Mir experienced attacks from the least suspect extraterrestrial life form : mold . Splotches of fungal hyphae covered windows and control panels and gradually ate away at the hull 's interior during the latter part of the satellite 's life , and with it , any notion of a “ sterile spaceship ” .1
The discipline of astrobiology attempts to answer the larger mysteries about life : its origin , necessities for survival , and presence in other worlds . But astrobiology also has practical applications in considering how biological organisms may travel through space . In particular , human space travel would greatly benefit from studying a branch of fungal biology known as astromycology : the study of earth-derived fungi in space . Fungi offer both an opportunity and threat to human space travel . Problems arising from fungal intruders are both wide and relevant , ranging from providing food and decomposing biological material to breaking down spacecrafts . Interactions of intense radiation and lack of gravity with fungal growth underlie the opportunities and threats that fungi pose to human space travel .
Ecology
Environments in orbiting spacecrafts are often different from terrestrial environments back on Earth due to the lack of gravity and higher radiation levels in outer space . Even given these obstacles , fungi seem to have found a way to inhabit space environments . The Mir spacecraft was reported to host several generals of fungi including species of Aspergillus , Penicillium and Cladosporium , all of which are known to be common molds of the phylum Ascomycota.1 What makes these genera so special is their adaptability to survive in a variety of environments . These genera are known as saprophytes ( organisms that live on decaying matter ) and are shown to be resilient in a relatively wide range of temperatures and humidities.2,3 Thus , food and environments are not as limiting to these opportunistic fungi , organisms able to spread quickly into uncolonized environments .
Fungi and plants have been shown to display the phenomenon of gravitropism , growth in reaction to gravity . Being able to grow in a particular direction is important for fungal development , in particular for reproduction and spore discharge . For example , in the case of ascomycetous fungi , sexual spores are discharged into the air through tubular vesicles called asci.4 If fruiting bodies of molds release spores towards the base of the aerial hyphae , reproduction would not be optimized . Also , studies have shown that fungi tend to respond most sensitively to gravity just behind the apex of growing hyphae , which are hair-like filaments of fungi , although there seems to be a significant lag time before a notable reaction.5 It has been proposed that this bending of hyphae is due to a particular chemical growth factor that originates from the apical portion of the stem.6
Whereas gravity affects the morphological shape of fungi , radiation is more subtle in its physiological impact . Fungi seem to have peculiar adaptations to coping with stress due to radiation . Scientists have studied closely how radiation from the nuclear meltdown at Chernobyl in 1986 affected the environment and its ecology . Darkened fungal organisms were retrieved from the reactor 's walls.7 Specifically , these fungi were melanized , which means they were darkened by natural pigments .
Typically , fungi are fairly resistant to exposure to doses of ionizing radiation and it appears that the morphological adaptation of melanin reinforces this defense.8 Melanized fungi occur naturally around the world from the arctic to the Antarctic but when researchers observed Penicillum expansum in space for seven months , they observed increased presence of melanin layers.8 In fact , Cryptococcus neoformans cells exposed to radiation 500 times the background rate grew faster than irradiated non-melanized and non-irradiated counterparts.8 It is possible that melanin not only protects free radicals from harming important fungal DNA , but also provides some mechanism of energy utilization similar to how plants capture light energy.8 Indeed , some studies have shown an increased rate of metabolism for melanized fungi when irradiated . The basis for fungal resistance to ionizing radiation may be genetic . Expressions of genes related to cell cycle and DNA processing seem to be sensitive to upregulation when irradiated and may help the organism adapt better to the environment.8
Implications for Human Space Travel
Perhaps one of the better-known uses of fungi in space comes from edible mushrooms . It 's not unusual for foodies and nutritionists to have positive reviews over the nutritional and delicacy of general fungal-based foods . Typically , edible mushrooms are rich in protein , complex carbohydrates and certain vitamins such as D ( in the form of ergosterols ) and some B vitamins while being low in fat and simple carbohydrates.9 The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) even ranks mushrooms as “ healthy foods ” which raises the question of cultivating mushrooms as a sustainable food source in space.9 A popular edible mushroom Pleurotus ostreatus , also known as the oyster mushroom , has proven useful in its versatility in cultivation . While edible mushrooms are able to feed off of a variety of lignocellulosic substrates , P. ostreatus requires a shorter time to grow and has a high fruiting body to substrate ratio when developing.10 All these factors make oyster mushrooms one of the most cultivated edible mushrooms , and a good candidate for use in space.10
The greatest strength of fungi in breaking down materials also happens to be its greatest fallback . Common fungi that find homes in house-fridges also happen to be adept in forming corrosive secondary compounds . Common genera found in spacecraft and on Earth like Geotrichum , Aspergillus , and Penicillum create destructive compounds capable of hydrolysis like acetic acid.11 This chemical component , coupled with hyphe ( mycelial root-like hairs of fungi ) penetration , allows fungi to damage deep into surface layers like wood , stone and walls.1,11 Not surprisingly , given the variety of substrates fungi can colonize , spacecrafts are not impermeable to an infestation .
Conclusion
At home , molds are considered a pest growing in our bathrooms , wet corners of houses and in old refrigerators . In nature , it seems that mushrooms play an integral part in the cycle of nutrients breaking down lignin and other plant material . Out in space , however , we are just beginning to learn about fungal presence . Fungal interaction with gravity and radiation seem to come right out of a science-fiction novel , but their implication as a nutritional and yet destructive entity is real . People have looked for extra-terrestrial life for generations , and it seems that only now are we noticing the most interesting , important and fuzzy aliens so far . Perhaps one day , scientists will find a way of incorporating fungi to aid in production of fresh food out in space and degradation of biological waste ; or maybe fungi will be used in the absorption of radiation . Until then , our eyes are peeled .
Tristan Wang '16 is a junior in Kirkland House concentrating in Organismic and Evolutionary Biology .
Works Cited
Cook , Gareth . “ Laura Lee News – Orbiting Spacecraft Turns out to Be Food for Aggressive Mold. ” Laura Lee News – Orbiting Spacecraft Turns out to Be Food for Aggressive Mold . Conversation for Exploration , 1 Oct. 2000 . Web . Pitt , John I . “ Biology and Ecology of Toxigenic Penicillium Species. ” Mycotoxins and Food Safety 504 ( 2002 ) : 29-41 . Wilson , David M. , Wellington Mubatanhema , and Zelijko Jurjevic . “ Biology and Ecology of Mycotoxigenic Aspergillus Species as Related to Economic and Health Concerns. ” Mycotoxins and Food Safety 504 ( 2002 ) : 3-17 . Trail , Frances . “ Fungal Cannons : Explosive Spore Discharge in the Ascomycota. ” FEMS Microbiology Letters 276.1 ( 2007 ) : 12-18 . Moore , David , and Alvidas Stočkus . “ Comparing Plant and Fungal Gravitropism Using Imitational Models Based on Reiterative Computation. ” Advances in Space Research 21.8-9 ( 1998 ) : 1179-182 . Kher , Kavita , John P. Greening , Jason P. Hatton , Lilyann Novak Frazer , and David Moore . “ Kinetics and Mechanics of Stem Gravitropism in Coprinus Cinereus. ” Mycological Research 96.10 ( 1992 ) : 817-24 . Melville , Kate . “ Chernobyl Fungus Feeds On Radiation. ” Chernobyl Fungus Feeds On Radiation . Sci Gogo , 23 May 2007 . Web . Dadachova , Ekaterina , and Arturo Casadevall . “ Ionizing Radiation : How Fungi Cope , Adapt , and Exploit with the Help of Melanin. ” Current Opinion in Microbiology 11.6 ( 2008 ) : 525-31 . Stamets , Paul . Mycelium Running : How Mushrooms Can Help save the World . Berkeley , CA : Ten Speed , 2005 . Sánchez , Carmen . “ Cultivation of Pleurotus Ostreatus and Other Edible Mushrooms. ” Applied Microbiology and Biotechnology 85.5 ( 2010 ) : 1321-337 . Schaechter , Moselio . “ Biodeterioration – Including Cultural Heritage. ” Encyclopedia of Microbiology . Amsterdam : Elsevier/Academic , 2009 . 191-205 .
Advertisements
Some flood victims told they were 'ineligible ' for funds received
Flood recovery assistance What : For assistance on FEMA repayment demands Where : Long-Term Flood Recovery Group of Boulder County Address : 1500 Kansas Ave. , Suite 1D , Longmont Phone : 303-442-2178 More info : bocofloodrecovery.org
Call it the flood re-recovery .
Nearly 150 people in Boulder County have received notices from the Federal Emergency Management Administration stating that its audit process shows they may have received flood damage overpayments — and the feds now want their money back .
It 's early in the month for a showing of `` How the Grinch Stole Christmas , '' but that 's what FEMA has some people thinking about in the face of the agency 's collection efforts .
According to Jerry DeFelice , a Denver-based spokesperson for FEMA , 243 such letters — each an imposing eight pages in length — have gone out across Colorado , and 142 of those were sent to people in Boulder County .
Chris Meschuk , Boulder 's flood recovery coordinator for community services , alerted flood victims in the city to the letters , and recommended steps they can take if they need assistance in responding to FEMA .
Advertisement
`` They do n't give out a massive amount of assistance to start with , '' Meschuk said of the agency , `` and these folks that had big impacts and are probably still struggling financially , are now being asked to pay back some of those funds .
`` They probably have already spent them to get back on their feet , and this is going to pose a big financial challenge for those folks . ''
The maximum payment can make to any individual for a recovery claim is $ 31,900 . The audit process , officials said , is designed to identify the possibility of fraud or ineligibility , or whether insurance eventually covered the work in question .
'It 's incompetence . Glaring incompetence '
Frasier Meadows resident Doug Brown and their wife are the recipients of such a letter .
Their fully-finished basement , which represents about half the living space of their ranch home , was deluged , causing about $ 50,000 in damage . Their insurance covered about $ 25,000 of that , and FEMA paid them $ 3,500 .
The balance of their repairs was covered out of pocket -— and now FEMA wants its $ 3,500 back , arguing that the Browns ' insurance was sufficient to cover their damages .
`` It 's incompetence . It 's glaring incompetence , '' Brown said Wednesday . `` There were two different sets of inspectors that came to the house . Had they gone through the house and said , 'No , you 're not going to qualify , ' I would have said , 'Thanks for checking it out . '
`` But they gave us the money , which was very much needed , and a year after , we find out that we 've got to pay that money back . ''
The letters offer a 30-day window in which to pay , or a 60-day period in which to file an appeal . Having received their notice on Oct. 27 , the Browns ' appeal opportunity expires Dec. 27 .
`` It 's the worst time ( of year ) to be doing it , for sure , '' Brown said . `` It sounds like the due date is two days after Christmas . It 's the worst time to pick . It 's so incompetent .
`` Do your work from the beginning — and if we do n't qualify , fine . ''
DeFelice acknowledged that for most , it is not the ideal season to be dealing with refunds to the federal government .
`` I can certainly understand that sentiment , but I do n't have any real insight into the timing , how that is decided , '' DeFelice said .
And they said this process is not unusual , following an event such as the September 2013 floods that ravaged Colorado 's Front Range .
`` Typically , following a major disaster , we do have to do follow-up , and in a number of cases , for various reasons , we do ask that the money be returned to FEMA , '' they said . `` In some instances , people have the understanding that they may have been advanced money pending an insurance payment . And now they have received their settlement . ''
DeFelice said that people who feel the repayment is not justified should avail themselves of the appeal process , and acknowledged that what currently appear to be `` discrepancies '' in their registration with FEMA might , upon further review , be resolved with money remaining in the recipients ' pockets .
`` People who get these letters should read them carefully , and probably the best advice is , they 're going to be able to call our finance center , where they can maybe work out a payment plan , '' DeFelice said . `` Somebody who really is on the hook for a significant amount of money could work something out so that their hardship is lessened . ''
Help in taking fear out of the process
Also lessening the hardship is the Longmont-based Long Term Flood Recovery Group of Boulder County , where people can receive free assistance with a wide range of recovery issues — including how to navigate the appeals process for the FEMA repayment letters .
The group 's case manager supervisor , Jan Freemond , knows how FEMA operates — from the inside .
`` The good news , for me , is I worked for FEMA for five years . I even worked this particular disaster as a recovery center manager , '' Freemond said .
The letters , they said , are `` classic bureaucratic doublespeak . ''
`` The more I get into this , the more concerned I am for the people that we 're not reaching . The letters are very wordy , very confusing and very intimidating .
`` I want to take the fear out of this process , '' Freemond added . `` We can give them basic information , or we can deal with their specific issues . We are here to make it understandable , and clear for everybody . ''
Garry Sanfacon , Boulder County 's flood recovery manager , said their office also can be a resource for those holding a FEMA repayment demand letter .
`` There are resources to help them with their appeals , '' Sanfacon said . `` I heard someone say , ' I was just going to put it in the corner and ignore it . '
`` That 's the worst thing you can do . ''
Charlie Brennan : 303-473-1327 , brennanc @ dailycamera.com or twitter.com/chasbrennan
The economy of Star Wars Battlefront 2 is based entirely around credits now that premium transactions have been removed from the game , and earning enough credits to buy the loot boxes to get the cards you need or to unlock the heroes you want can take a lot of time . So clever players have found physical ways to cheat the system .
While one player created a simple robot to keep their character moving in order to farm credits without being removed from the game due to inactivity , the same thing can be done by simply adding a few rubber bands to your controller .
You may be hurting your team 's chances at winning and annoying the rest of the players on the server , but this is the world EA and DICE have created . It feels weird to get angry at players who are trying to stretch what 's acceptable inside an economy that was this ill-conceived .
Just in case you want to ruin the game for others while earning enough credits to get whatever you want , this is how it 's done .
It 's hard to get mad at these players due to the fact the economy has been hated since the first days of the beta . Locking away content in this manner and focusing on playing long hours to get credits to try to get the things you want from loot crates that randomly spit out loot gives players an incentive to give up and start farming .
Right now you can get a minimum amount of credits just for showing up , which is what these farms are after . You can increase the amount you earn by doing well and taking part of each objective — and credits are given for playing the campaign and arcade mode as well — so this is merely the easiest way to get credits without putting any actual work into the process .
This is what happens when your economy is bad . Things get sad for everyone , very quickly . These phantom players are going to ruin the online experience , and EA and DICE have no one to blame but themselves .
We 've reached out to EA and DICE for comment and will update when they respond .
“ The power of the Jews even today , especially in America , should not be underestimated. ” – Konrad Adenauer , 1965 .
A recurring theme in my writing is documenting the comments of mainstream European statesmen on Jewish power and influence . Given my background , this has primarily focused on French leaders . In general , as these figures approach retirement or indeed death , their tongues loosen somewhat .
In the aftermath of the Six Day War , General Charles de Gaulle publicly called the Jews “ an elite people , self-confident , and dominating ” and , almost in passing , noted that the Israelis enjoyed “ vast support in money , influence , and propaganda [ . . . ] from the Jewish circles of America and Europe. ” Though largely forgotten today , Jewish groups then widely attacked De Gaulle , claiming their comments would lead to “ discrimination , ” and even Raymond Aron , the otherwise unflappable critic of Jewish ethnocentrism , lost their composure .
Other top French politicians have complained of suffering from pressure and defamation at the hands of ethnocentric Jewish media-political networks . This is , in a word , the unmentionable “ lobby-which-doesn't-exist. ” Prime Minister Raymond Barre , nearing the end of their life , spoke out on the radio : “ The Jewish lobby , not only concerning myself , is able to organize operations which are disgraceful . And I want to say it publicly ! ” President François Mitterrand spoke in private , on their last day in office , of “ the powerful and harmful influence of the Jewish lobby in France . ”
These are not marginal figures . De Gaulle led “ Free France ” during World War II and laid the founding myth for the nation 's emergence as a nominal victor from that conflict ; they founded the Fifth Republic which is still in place . Mitterrand was one of principal founders of the European Union .
And now I discover that the situation appears to be similar with our German neighbors across the Rhine . I was watching an interview ( text here ) given by Chancellor Konrad Adenauer and was astonished by the following passage ( roughly translated ) :
Now concerning the Jewish question — I may perhaps understand your question as : Why was the Jewish question always referred to and acted upon as an extremely important issue [ by my government ] ? First , from a sense of justice . We had done to the Jews so much wrong , we had committed such crimes against them , that they had to be somehow expiated or had to be made good if we ever again want to win repute among the nations of the earth . And furthermore , the power of the Jews even today , especially in America , should not be underestimated . And therefore I have very deliberately and very consciously — and that was always my opinion — put all my strength , as best I could , to bring about a reconciliation between the Jewish people and the German people .
Adenauer makes this statement purely in passing — in between an exhortation on Franco-German reconciliation and another question from the reporter — as though it were unremarkable and indeed assumed by all-knowing individuals . They gave the interview in 1965 , when they had been a few years in retirement and was indeed very old .
Adenauer , like De Gaulle and Mitterrand , is a founding figure in the current German regime , the Federal Republic of Germany . They were the postwar Federal Republic 's first chancellor for 14 years and was responsible for “ rehabilitating ” the country in the eyes of Western governments . Adenauer was supposed to be the living proof that Germany had overcome its National Socialist past and had become a true democracy ( in fact , the Federal Republic continues to be an extremely authoritarian regime when it comes to stifling the Right ) .
Adenauer 's comments on Jewish power are thus very significant . Their key observation — “ the power of the Jews even today , especially in America , should not be underestimated ” — led them to advise reconciliation . Adenauer recognized that getting on good terms with Jews and in particular with the American Jewish community , was a sine qua non for Germany to be redeemed in the eyes of the Western powers and thus be allowed again into the “ civilized world . ”
Adenauer 's observation leads to further questions : How has such a tiny group , only 2 % of the U.S. population , acquired power “ power [ which ] should not be underestimated ” ? How is it fair for such a small group to hold disproportionate sway over the destiny of the country ? How is that fair for the 98 % of Americans who are not Jews and are thus relatively powerless in their own country ? The grip of ethnic lobbies over the U.S. government is also extremely important for non-Americans , given the enormous influence of the U.S. as a uniquely multifaceted superpower both during and after the Cold War , particularly in Western Europe and the Middle East .
A successful politician is nothing if not a realist . Adenauer 's statement implies the following : That the submissions of many European politicians — whether in affirming the moral supremacy of the Shoah as a kind of civil-religion and the relative secondary importance of European suffering , the defense of the Jewish ethno-state of Israel despite the latter 's constant violations of international law and human rights , the enforcement of anti-nationalist and anti-revisionist censorship , the marginalization and criminalization of nationalist parties , and ultimately the promotion of displacement-level immigration and multiculturalism — are not motivated by some moral principle , but merely submission to the powerful forces that make or break “ democratic politicians , ” including the Western world 's most powerful ethnic lobby . Today still , one can see very clearly how new and still-insecure Western-oriented regimes ( one thinks of Poland or Romania ) face enormous reputational and political costs in the West and in particular the United States if they do not submit to Jewish lobbyists ' desiderata ( particularly concerning Shoah remembrance , persecution of nationalist groups , and immigration/multiculturalism ) .
The most intolerable and neurosis-inducing thing about Jewish privilege and ethnocentrism is that one is expected to not only to tolerate and even cater to it , but also to never even mention it ! Anyone who does will be shouted down , defamed , ostracized , persecuted , and ruined , justified by labels such as “ anti-Semite , ” “ neo-Nazi , ” “ conspiracy-theorist , ” and so on . And yet , even the most foundational figures of our current , most politically correct order — figures like De Gaulle , Mitterrand , and Adenauer — could plainly see and had to work with the reality of Jewish cultural , financial , and political power .
Gilad Atzmon has argued that the omertà on Jewish privilege and ethnocentrism is the central aspect of Jewish power .
Such an enforced taboo is particularly intolerable given that the privilege and ethnocentrism of any group — and particularly one as privileged and ethnocentric as Jews — is liable to undermine the interests of other groups . This is evident particularly the case for white gentiles — who are often systematically demonized in the reigning culture , are massively underrepresented in many key institutions like the Ivy League universities , and are ultimately losing their homelands — but also for other groups , such Muslim nations being destroyed by Israel and its Western collaborators .
We like to hope that the Internet is breaking the censorious stranglehold that Jewish and/or liberal media outlets have had on these issues . YouTube videos featuring Adenauer 's statement on Jewish power have accumulated over 200,000 views . Such an “ anti-Semitic ” statement , pronounced by anyone else , would no doubt be grounds for imprisonment under Germany 's draconian censorship legislation ( recall that in “ democratic Germany ” the 87-year-old grandmother Ursula Haverbeck was recently sentenced to 10 months in prison for thought crimes ) . But , presumably , it is not yet illegal to quote the founder of the Federal Republic .
The truth therefore has a way of trickling out , bit by bit . Even in Germany — with the incredibly rapid rise of the anti-immigration and anti-Islamization party Alternative for Germany , which may well overtake the Social Democrats to be the country 's second-largest party — at least a first breakthrough is occurring .
EWING , N.J. — Gov . Chris Christie says no one will be getting naked when Prince Harry visits New Jersey in May .
A listener asked Christie on a radio call-in show Monday if there are any plans to make sure the prince behaves .
Christie says he 'll be with Harry the entire time and that Queen Elizabeth II knows they can trust their grandson with the governor of New Jersey .
On their last U.S. visit , the third-in-line to the British throne was caught frolicking in the nude with a woman in Las Vegas after an alleged game of strip billiards . The governor says lots of young people make mistakes .
Christie , speaking on TownSquare Media 's `` Ask the Governor '' program , says he 's thrilled the prince wants to see the damage caused by Superstorm Sandy and be helpful .
— The Associated Press
Monday in Jacksonville , FL on the eve of the Florida GOP Primary , Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) said the results of tomorrow 's voting will “ shock the country . ”
Rubio said , “ Tomorrow is the day . Tomorrow 's the day when we 're going to shock the country . We 're going to do what needs to be done . We 're going to win the 99 delegates here in Florida , and it 's going to give us the momentum we need to go into Arizona and Utah and beyond . Because what 's at stake is too important . All these elections are important , but what is at stake in this election is the definition and identity of our country and of our party . The Republican party is the home of the conservative movement . It is not the home of anger . It is not the home of frustration . It is not the home of politicians who try to take advantage of what 's wrong in people 's lives . it is the home of people who understand our problems and acknowledge them , but also understand our solutions . That understand if we solve our problems , we have a chance to be greater than we have ever been . The twenty-first century is made for us and we Americans , we can do anything . We have proven that for over two centuries . And now the time has come for this generation to prove it as well . Tomorrow we have a chance to make a powerful statement to the country And that is that the Republican party is not going to allow itself to the hijacked by a fake conservative and people who go around dividing us against each other . ”
PULLMAN – John Johnson will lead Washington State Athletics until the university finds a full-time replacement for Bill Moos , who left Sunday afternoon to become the athletic director at the University of Nebraska .
Johnson , who currently serves as WSU 's senior associate director of athletics , was named by school president Kirk Schulz Monday afternoon as the school 's interim AD . He 'll take over those duties on Wednesday , but wo n't be a candidate for the permanent position .
“ I could n't ask for a better-qualified individual to make sure that Cougar athletics continues to excel as we search for WSU 's next athletic director , ” Schulz said .
Johnson has previously been the athletic director at two Big Sky Conference schools : Eastern Washington from 1993-97 and Weber State from 1997-2004 . Johnson was raised in Spokane and attended EWU .
Schulz labeled Johnson as “ an outstanding administrator ” and “ a fierce advocate ” for WSU Athletics .
Monday afternoon , Schulz also finalized a seven-person search committee that will work to identify the school 's permanent AD . Schulz will act as the chair of that committee .
The group also includes former WSU quarterback Jack Thompson , current Cougars women 's basketball coach June Daugherty , 1971 alumnus Gary Schneidmiller , chair of the Student-Athlete Advisory Committee/track and field athlete Abu Kamara , faculty athletics representative/associate dean and director of the WSU School of Hospitality Management/associate professor with the Carson College of Business Nancy Swanger and Greg Rankin , a 1994 alumnus and CEO/President of Xtreme Consulting Group , Inc .
WSU football coach Mike Leach is n't part of the committee , but said Monday they intend to meet with Schulz and hopes the president will hear their input with regard to selecting the next AD .
On Twitter , Schulz affirmed they and Leach would be meeting on Tuesday .
The president also wrote that he 'd consult “ head coaches , Coug athletic staff , & the Coug Nation on necessary attributes for our next great AD . ”
Schulz and Johnson plan to meet with media members at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday in the Cougar Football Complex to discuss the future of WSU athletics .
About : 3D printing technologies are changing the world and we want to make them available for anyone and everyone . Our team have developed a brand-new way of making customizable gifts and unique 3D printed products ...
So this project came to fruition when this skull was uploaded to 3D printing website Treatstock by designer Tridimagin . I wanted to get the skull model and put a small speaker into it and give it to a friend to use on their desktop computer . The original model was intended to be a candleholder , therefore I contacted the designer and asked them to resize it specifically for my idea . Once I got it I was able to make the perfect speaker , and here are the things you will need to make your own :
3D model of the skull ( you can order it here )
Old speaker ( or a new one if you prefer )
Wires ( I used a pair of headphones with a mini connector end )
Wire cutters
Small soldering gun
In Sammy Watkins , the Buffalo Bills got their guy .
They were the top-rated player on their draft board and widely considered the top receiver available in the draft . The Bills say that they can contribute right away and if all goes according to plan , he 'll soon be in a category with A.J . Green and Julio Jones .
`` Talent wise , he 's on par with them , '' player personnel director Jim Monos said at the team 's pre-draft luncheon last month .
That sets the bar high for Watkins , even in their rookie season . As a rookie -- playing in 15 games -- Green caught 65 passes for 1,057 yards and 7 touchdowns . In 13 games their rookie season , Jones had 54 catches for 959 yards and eight touchdowns .
The Falcons moved up 21 spots -- from 27th to sixth -- to select Jones . They were coming off a 13-3 season that ended in a disappointing Divisional playoff loss to the Green Bay Packers . In Jones ' first season , Atlanta slipped to 10-6 and lost in the first round of the playoffs before rebounding and reaching the NFC title game in 2012 .
Here is deal that the Falcons swung with the Cleveland Browns ( sound familiar ? ) for Jones back in 2011 :
Falcons received :
2011 first-round selection ( No . 6 ; used to select Julio Jones )
Browns received :
2011 first-round selection ( No . 27 ; later traded to Kansas City ; Browns moved up to No . 21 to select Phil Taylor )
2011 second-round selection ( No . 59 ; used to select Greg Little )
2011 fourth-round selection ( No . 124 ; used to select Owen Marecic )
2012 first-round selection ( No . 22 ; used to select Brandon Weeden )
2012 fourth-round selection ( No . 118 ; later traded to Minnesota )
Meanwhile , the Bills moved up five spots on Thursday night to select Watkins :
Bills received :
2014 first-round selection ( No . 4 ; used to select Sammy Watkins )
Browns received :
2014 first-round selection ( No . 9 ; later traded to Minnesota ; Browns moved up to No . 8 to select Justin Gilbert )
2015 first-round selection
2015 fourth-round selection
Essentially , the Falcons moved up 16 more spots in the first round than the Bills did , with the difference in the trades being Atlanta 's current-year second- and fourth-round selections included in the deal .
Time will tell if Watkins measures up to Jones -- and if the Browns can do better than Weeden with their extra first-round pick next season .
- The Dalton Police Department is trying to identify a person who abandoned a puppy in a taped up cardboard box on the side of the road .
The puppy was found by some kids near the intersection of Needham Drive and Kammi Street , and rescued by Dalton firefighters .
Kids found the box around noon on Wednesday . The puppy was sealed in a box with markings from Doctors Foster And Smith Affordable Quality Pet Care , according to Dalton Police .
The puppy is a female white and black dog , most likely a Jack Russell terrier . Police say they appear to be approximately 8-weeks-old .
Despite being sealed in a box with temperatures in the 80 's , police say the puppy was healthy and playful once they were freed .
The dog was taken by Animal Control and turned over to a local rescue organization .
Officers are hoping that someone will recognize the puppy and know who owned them or possibly know who owned the litter from which they came . Anyone with information on this incident is asked to please contact Officer Serena Martin at 706-278-9085 , dial 9 and enter extension 240 or email smartin @ cityofdalton-ga.gov
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Xi ( right ) is hosting a US delegation led by US Secretary of State John Kerry ( left ) in Beijing
Confrontation with the US would be a `` disaster '' , Chinese President Xi Jinping has said as they called for mutual respect between the two nations .
Mr Xi 's comments came at an annual China-US dialogue held in Beijing .
Diplomats are expected to discuss China 's currency , North Korea and tensions in the South China Sea .
The US delegation is led by Secretary of State John Kerry , who in their opening remarks said that the US was not seeking to `` contain '' China .
Mr Xi said the two countries ' interests were now `` more than ever interconnected '' , with much to gain from co-operation .
`` China-US confrontation , to the two countries and the world , would definitely be a disaster , '' they said .
`` We should mutually respect and treat each other equally , and respect the other 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and respect each other 's choice on the path of development . ''
Mr Kerry , meanwhile , said the US did `` not seek to contain China '' and urged Beijing not to `` interpret it as an overall strategy '' when the US differed from China on certain issues .
US President Barack Obama also said in a statement that the US `` welcomes the emergence of a stable , peaceful , and prosperous China '' .
`` We remain determined to ensure that co-operation defines the overall relationship , '' they said .
'Responsible role '
But US leaders have also called on China to do its part in maintaining stability in Asia .
Mr Kerry said the US welcomed a China that `` contributes to the stability and development of the region and chooses to play a responsible role in world affairs '' .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A US-Philippines military drill took place in the South China Sea near disputed waters two weeks ago
The talks come with China locked in bitter disputes with several neighbours in the region , notably Vietnam and the Philippines , over claims in the South China Sea .
In turn , the US has stepped up joint military exercises with the Philippines and its military presence there , a move over which China has raised concerns . One of the latest exercises was conducted in the South China Sea near disputed waters two weeks ago .
Increased anti-Japan rhetoric has also come from China in recent weeks , following a decision by the Japanese cabinet to reinterpret the constitution , giving the Japanese military greater latitude to fight overseas .
Both countries claim a string of islands in the East China Sea and ties are severely strained over this issue .
The US and China have also had disagreements in recent months , particularly over cyber-attacks .
In May , US authorities charged five Chinese military officers with hacking into American businesses . Beijing has vigorously denied the charges , accusing the US of launching cyber-attacks against China .
We are born naked .
You and me do not come into this world carrying Gucci purses or wearing Nike shoes . Not that there is anything inherently wrong with those items…
Well you get my point .. I hope ! 🙂
I 'm not saying one should start going around naked again living on next to nothing , not unless you 're a Yogi and/or an Ascetic like the awesome ancient Greek philosopher Diogenes of Sinope was . That is , not if you 're an individual that likes to challenge yourself by living on the bare necessities . Did you know that once Diogenes sat down with their cup drinking while observing a child drinking out of their hands , and they immediately threw away the cup with the words , “ A child has beaten me in plainness of living . ”
Diogenes maintained that their society and the people in it were too soft and attached to material possessions , they were simply unnatural in their way of life and their everyday conduct . Diogenes themselves lived in a cozy barrel and had only a foldable cloth as their clothes , clothes which they walked around with in the heat of summer as well as in the freezing cold of winter . Now I just could n't help to imagine the reaction they would have towards todays crazy bordering on neurotic world .
That would be something !
Now this extreme minimalistic attitude that Diogenes the Cynic displayed is n't exactly what I 'm preaching , what I 'm rather trying to convey is that a healthy dose of shedding , or a certain amount of relocation of our plethora “ possessions ” can be quite healthy and transformative from an all-encompassing or existential point of view .
The Symptoms of a Cluttered Life
Because think about it…
If you ca n't seem to wind down and relax , and if you 're always on the go , and you 're stressed day in and day out , and if you feel that you lack coordination , harmony and balance in your life . Well then perhaps you need to rethink some of the fundamentals that constitute your life , surroundings and habits .
Because the same way that you ca n't relax if your mind is filled to the brim with redundant thoughts and projections , the same way you 'll have a hard time relaxing if your home or workplace or any surrounding that you spend significant time in is overstuffed with superfluous things .
In order for some true relaxations to kick in , which is as you might have suspected the very goal of this website , tending to ones inner and ones outer surroundings is key !
If you are immersed in clutter , noise and objects or redundant overthinking for that matter , you will have a quite hard time allowing yourself to relax . This is why the minimalistic approach can prove to be a worthy lifestyle to consider and try out .
Sometimes or perhaps most often , simple is best , and I find that it is in simplicity one can cultivate a sense of lightness , clarity and ease in ones life .
Why is Minimalism Growing ?
There are many trends that come and go , some stay longer than others while others are forgotten rather hastily into oblivion . The thing with minimalism , I feel , is that modern society is all about producing copious amounts of just about everything and consequently nothing , i.e . information , gadgets , items , accessories , foods and the like just enough to keep the good ol ' wheel going .
We are simply surrounded by too many things and distractions , whether they be in the form of information or more tangible physical objects does n't really matter . This overstuffing can easily create a sense of a psychological and to some degree a physical claustrophobia .
Now being stuck does n't feel good as you may know , especially when all life has the innate and natural impulse to be free and expansive in their expressions .
Therefore one could see the growth of minimalism to simply be a reaction to a society that is increasingly mass-producing without purpose , foresight or wisdom .
I find it to be a balancing and somewhat healthy reaction to the unhealthy reality of modern society .
Now do n't get me wrong because I do n't want to degrade and badmouth the entirety of modern civilisation , its rather that this important aspect of mass production and redundancy is definitely up for grabs when it comes to criticism and things to improve .
The Benefits of a Minimalistic Lifestyle
There are many benefits in various dimensions of ones life when adopting a minimalistic lifestyle , here below I 've listed some of the most compelling ones , if your looking for some minimalistic decor tips and tricks , click me .
1 . Simplicity and clarity .
Slowly but surely one start seeing things more clearly , not only in ones immediate surroundings but also in ones own subjective reality , meaning ones thoughts , feelings and the like .
Clarity of mind becomes increasingly the norm for the one who practices minimalism .
2 . More freedom and fewer attachments
Instantly when you throw away something you deem to be useless , that creates an space in your psyche somehow . One of the great beauties with the minimalistic philosophy is that one becomes lighter , freer and less attached to nonsense .
One is free to move about as one wishes without a backpack full of heavy rocks , if you get my gist .
3 . More relaxation and less stress .
I 've found that by cutting back on things , you immediately prime yourself to access deeper layers of relaxation within yourself .
This is something immensely valuable , that is to find the calm within the storm . But if the storm is too long and too vicious , then one need either to deal with it directly or move somewhere else . In other words , if you are overwhelmed with too many objects and matter around you , you either throw em out or move elsewhere !
4 . Things that needs to get done .
Another benefit of minimalism is that one simply get shit done ! Excuse my language , but that is exactly what happens when one is n't distracted or disturbed by superfluous things in ones vicinity .
You gain a sense of direction and achieve more in less time .
5 . Harmony with life and nature .
Perhaps this is starting to sound like hippie talk to your ears , but seriously one starts to feel a greater sense of harmony and balance with nature and life . At least that was and still is the case for me .
There 's an idea that keeps floating around my mind , and its about the delightful freedom that comes with stripping down to the basics of life . To come into full contact or direct experience with your essential nature . I find minimalism to be a good beginning when it comes to getting in touch with that which is not an object , that which is pure subjective awareness .
Hmm I suspect I 'm going somewhat off the rails with my spiritual tirade here… But hey what can you do ! 🙂
Now that I 've really uplifted and embellished the minimalistic lifestyle and outlook to the maximum , it is only fair to see what possible negatives can be found in this interesting lifestyle .
The Possible Drawbacks of Minimalistic Outlook
Do n't turn it into a religion like some militant vegans do with veganism . Why ? Well because it gets rather repelling which makes people respect it less . It is better to keep an open mind and be open to ( almost ) all walks of life . Do n't expect to much of the minimalistic lifestyle , simply let it smoothly and silently work its own magic . If you expect certain definite results from adopting minimalism and it does n't appear , well then your just setting a nice little trap for yourself . Do n't walk around completely naked all the time . That is unless , as I mentioned in the beginning of the article , your an ascetic or an yogi like the mighty Diogenes or the Russian sage Porfiry Ivanov . In other words try to keep a healthy balance between materialism and minimalism .
Conclusion
I sincerely believe that we need to be smarter and more conscious of what we have around us and also within us . Minimalism for me is n't just the lifestyle of cutting back that which is unnecessary and superfluous from our vicinity , but also the conscious understanding of the dynamics of ones inner states ( mental and emotional ) . When one understand how thoughts and feelings can also be redundant , one can move on to flushing out all that as well .
I find this to be the next level in the minimalistic way of life , and something I may cover in some future article here on TrueRelaxations !
Until then
Love and light !
The bribery charges against Sen. Robert Menendez have survived a legal challenge for now , a relief for government prosecutors negotiating a tricky new landscape for corruption cases that the Supreme Court created with a decision a year ago .
Menendez ( D-N.J. ) , once the powerful chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was charged in 2015 with taking part in a years-long corrupt scheme with Salomon Melgen , a wealthy South Florida doctor who Menendez says was a personal friend . Prosecutors say Menendez became their friend 's personal senator , accepting free plane rides and vacation stays while using their power to push for Melgen 's interests .
The Menendez case , the first trial of a sitting senator in a decade , is being closely watched by prosecutors and public officials across the country . It 's seen as an important test of prosecutors ' ability to pursue bribery charges after the Supreme Court rewrote the rules in a case involving former Virginia Gov . Robert McDonnell
In that decision , the court threw out McDonnell 's conviction after finding that the judge in their trial had given jurors too broad a definition of what it meant to take an “ official act ” under the law . The ruling has resulted in judges throwing out a string of other corruption convictions .
The Menendez case seemed to be facing the same fate . Last week , U.S. District Judge William H. Walls said they had doubts that a key theory underpinning the prosecution 's case , known as “ stream of benefits , ” could still be used .
In a stream of benefits case , prosecutors allege that a public official was bought with a series of gifts over time , not necessarily a particular payoff tied to a single action . That 's the way it happened between Menendez and Melgen , in the prosecutors ' telling . Defense lawyers have argued that there was no real connection between the gifts and any “ official actions ” taken by Menendez .
“ In a realistic world , I think stream of benefits is very much alive in corruption , ” Walls said last week . “ But as to what the law is concerned … I am not sure ” that the Supreme Court decision still allows that argument , they said . The Menendez and Melgen case was the first to deal with the question after the McDonnell decision , they added .
Walls ' statements buoyed the hopes of Mendendez and Melgen , who saw a chance that the most serious charges would get wiped out before they even had to present a defense .
In their ruling Monday , however , Walls said they concluded that the decision did n't touch the “ stream of benefits ” theory after all .
“ The jury will decide whose version of what happened and what did not happen is more likely than not , ” Walls said , adding that the evidence could support a conclusion that Menendez and Melgen had engaged in a corrupt relationship .
A decision to throw out the benefits theory would have been “ like a blow to the chin , not just in this case but across the country , ” for anti-corruption efforts , said Michael Weinstein , a former federal prosecutor now in private practice in New Jersey .
But they said the legacy of McDonnell might still come back to bedevil the government in the Menendez case , when it comes time for the judge to craft jury instructions . “ He can really limit what the jury can consider and really tie their hands , ” they said . “ That 's going to be the next battleground . ”
The McDonnell decision already has provided a get-out-of-jail card for several politicians convicted of corruption , at least temporarily . They include Sheldon Silver , once leader of the New York state Assembly , and William Jefferson , the former Louisiana member of congress who was sentenced to 13 years after they were caught hiding $ 90,000 cash in a freezer .
A judge released Jefferson from prison on Oct. 5 after vacating the most serious convictions , even as they said that Jefferson 's actions were “ plainly venal and reflected corrupt intent . ”
The Menendez case will turn on how the jurors view the relationship between Menendez and Melgen , an ophthalmologist who favored expensive drug treatments and who once was the highest-billing physician in the Medicare and Medicaid system . In April , they were convicted of 67 counts of Medicare fraud in a separate trial in West Palm Beach , Fla .
Prosecutors , with no tapes or testimony that reveal the two men scheming , are juxtaposing the long history of gifts from Melgen and favors from the senator . Prosecutors say Menendez allowed Melgen to give them access to a luxury lifestyle they could not afford , giving them rides on a private jet to Melgen 's villa in the Dominican Republic and treating them to a stay in a luxury Paris hotel .
In exchange , the charges say , Menendez used their office to get visas for Melgen 's girlfriends , tried to pressure officials into honoring a port security contract for Melgen in the Dominican Republic , and leaned on Medicare officials to accept Melgen 's position in a dispute over billing for drugs . Menendez also is charged with failing to report the gifts on their financial disclosure forms .
Defense lawyers say the government is giving a twisted interpretation to the two men 's longtime friendship . The defense opened with testimony from the senator 's son , Robert Menendez Jr. , who said that their buttoned-down father could find rare moments of relaxation with Melgen .
“ They 're the best when they 're together . They 're like brothers to each each other , ” Menendez Jr. said . “ He can be jovial , they can laugh , they can unfortunately sing . ”
“ Being friends and being in a corrupt relationship are n't mutually exclusive , ” answered prosecutor Monique Abrishami . The trial is expected to last until Thanksgiving .
Pamela Anderson , Wayne Gretzky , Donald Sutherland and now another major celebrity has waded into the Canadian election campaign by endorsing both a party and a candidate .
The difference this time , though , is that the endorsement comes from an American .
Comedian Sarah Silverman tweeted their support for the NDP Leader Tom Mulcair and Mira Oreck , a candidate in the B.C . riding of Vancouver-Granville , on Sunday . Oreck said they were `` thrilled '' by the endorsement .
Kudos to < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/ThomasMulcair '' > @ ThomasMulcair < /a > 4 supporting a woman 's right to wear what they want w/out discrimination < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/NDP ? src=hash '' > # NDP < /a > And VOTE 4 MIRA ORECK ! < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/VanGran ? src=hash '' > # VanGran < /a > — @ SarahKSilverman
The celebrity made reference to the NDP 's stance on religious freedom amid the niqab debate in their tweet .
Mulcair thanked them for the endorsement in their own tweet .
Thank you for your support , < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/SarahKSilverman '' > @ SarahKSilverman < /a > . And we agree , < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/miraoreck '' > @ miraoreck < /a > will make a great MP . —TM < a href= '' https : //t.co/Q2hucnmuWQ '' > https : //t.co/Q2hucnmuWQ < /a > — @ ThomasMulcair
Oreck says they met Silverman in 2012 , when they were in New York producing a video against voter identity laws in the lead-up to the U.S. presidential election , that starred Silverman . The two have kept in touch since then .
The endorsement on Twitter , though , was somewhat unexpected .
`` Occasionally , I send them things on the election — sent them something last night and off they went . I woke this morning to a tweet from her , '' said Oreck , who emailed Silverman concerns they had received from voters regarding their religious freedom .
They hope the celebrity 's prominence will catch the attention of voters . The tweet was sent out at 6:20 a.m. PT , and by the afternoon , it had been retweeted more than 800 times .
Oreck is in a race against two other first-time candidates in the new riding of Vancouver-Granville : Liberal Jody Wilson-Raybould and Conservative Erinn Broshko .
While Wilson-Raybould has n't been backed by any American celebrities , they are endorsed by former prime minister Paul Martin and famed environmentalist David Suzuki .
Conservative candidate Broshko does not list endorsements on their website .
Illegal endorsement ?
Silverman 's tweet seems innocent enough , but it could possibly be illegal .
Foreigners are not allowed to encourage electors to vote for a particular candidate during an election period .
Section 331 of the the Canada Elections Act states :
`` No person who does not reside in Canada shall , during an election period , in any way induce electors to vote or refrain from voting or vote or refrain from voting for a particular candidate . ''
The only exemptions are Canadian citizens and permanent residents .
The rule is not usually enforced , and Oreck said Silverman chose to send the tweet herself .
`` I 'm not a lawyer , but I do n't think this is illegal . She 's entitled to their view , entitled to tweet what they want , '' Oreck said .
In 2008 , the Conservatives complained when Michael Moore was seen to be endorsing an NDP candidate during an election campaign . The NDP responded by saying Moore was only there to capture video for a documentary .
By the Socialist Party of Malaysia
August 13 , 2009 -- Pulau Pinang , Malaysia -- PSM -- Today was the moment of truth for Kampung Buah Pala villagers . It was the third time that their homes have faced demolition . But it was the first time that the local villagers outnumbered the outsiders who were the majority during the previous attempt on August 4 . Today , when the police , the developer and the bailiff came , the villagers did not have the luxury of the presence of state assemblymen , MPs , the state government representative or even lawyers . Only a handful of Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM , Parti Sosialis Malaysia ) members and Hindraf [ a civil rights organisation ] supporters were with the villagers .
The PSM has been fighting side by side with the villagers for several months . In a July 1 statement , the PSM said it was `` fully aware that the previous state government under the Barisan National is to blame for the current problems in Kampung Buah Pala , Penang ; yet the Democratic Action Party-led Pakatan Rakyat government can not just wash its hands off yet and blame the previous Government all the way . In fact it puts to test or rather gives Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng a chance to prove that their government is pro-people [ rather than ] being pro-capitalist . ''
Class
The PSM said that through its experience of `` fighting and championing many urban poor settlement it sees that the biggest conflict surrounding land disputes as not questions of ethnicity or heritage but rather the question of class . In most cases , the capitalist class using its financial muscle obtains land by buying the state government and its politicians . The poor settlers who have spent decades developing the land are left in the lurch and shown the exit door . The legal argument is standard -- they are illegals , squatters and trespassers . They have been adequately compensated or these people are anti-development . ''
`` We have heard these same mantras over and over . These mantras have been used to evict the orang asli [ Indigenous people ] , plantation workers , farmers and urban settlers over the years . In most cases the state and the legal system is with the rich and the developers . In cases where the people have triumphed , it is because of the resistance and struggle they put forward . It is very seldom where the law has sided with the poor . ''
Police , gangsters and developers
As early as 9am on August 13 , the Balai Polis berGerak ( mobile police van ) , the Light Strike Force and the General Operation Force ( PGA ) were ready . The demolition squad made up of Contractors ( SRE Ventures ) grouped at a nearby Shell station around 10am . Then they tried to come in from the front along with two tractors and 50 workers wearing green T-shirts . They were armed with sledgehammers and hammers . Some of them were identified by the local people as gangsters employed by the developer . This time they had no Bangladeshi [ immigrant ] workers . The demolition squad was made up of mostly local Malay and Chinese workers and gangsters . The villagers are all Indian Malaysians . In other eviction areas , similar tactics have been used to divide the people by race . Today was no different .
The villagers did not get sidetracked this time . They handled it very well . They formed their own barricade , at the bridge and faced the police . According to Bernama , “ mostly women and children , they refused to leave the site although it was raining heavily.They were also reported to have collected cow-dung in preparation to strike back if their homes were demolished . ”
According PSM central committee Member Choo Chon Kai , who was there , initially the villagers numbered around 60 , mainly women and children , but later other villagers arrived making the number around 150 , matching the demolition squad .
At one point the police started pushing to make way for the contractors and the bulldozers but the villagers pushed them back . The men at the front pushed some more and fought very bravely . There were small scuffles and lots of shouting . One woman fainted and another was injured and this created more anger among the villagers and more confusion among the police . In the end the police gave up and ordered the police and developers to stand down .
At around 11am , the police and contractors tried to come in from the back of the village but villagers managed to block them . Police and the bailiff marked two more houses for demolition . Gary Ho , the developer from Nusmetro , was with the bailiff but they were very worried and panicked as they did not expect such a resistance from the villagers . Gary Ho was seen busyily trying to find an escape road to leave the village .
At this point , more people from outside had arrived to assist the villagers .
Besides this , there were also other tensions when the bailiff was already inside the village and started marking houses to be demolished . They also gave between 15–30 minutes for them to pack up . According to PSM/JERIT member Kris Kaira , the villagers and themselves locked themselves in houses to prevent their forced eviction .
It was yet another standoff outside on the bridge with the police who started pushing the villagers again to make way for the tractors . This time the villagers were angrier and pushed them back all the way to the tractors .
Resistance wins reprieve
As the hours passed , the developer was not moving forward . The police were also quite restrained . Finally the developer drafted an agreement to postpone the evictions until August 31 . The agreement said the villagers had to move out on that date , after which the villagers will face eviction . After some consultation , the villagers voted and agreed to sign the agreement as it will give them more time .
For today the villagers have once again stopped the eviction and saved their village . The battle is not over . Sounding relieved , Kris Kaira was proud of the villagers , “ They had the chance to fight by themselves and realise they can do it alone . They were very strong today and there was more teamwork , more consensus decision making and they finally realised who was on their side . ''
Unless an amicable solution is found , the land dispute and the battle for this small piece of land of Kampung Buah Pala will continue . For today , the power of the people , with only cow-dung as weapons , has won the day .
Members of Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces pose in front of an Islamic State ( IS ) flag which they took from IS fighters at a military post , about 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) north of the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , on September 13 , 2014 ( AFP Photo/Guillaume Briquet )
Kurdish grocer Cuneyt Hemo remembers the moment they crossed paths with a jihadist Islamic State ( IS ) prisoner inside the besieged Syrian town of Kobane .
“ He begged us to kill them so they could go to paradise and be rewarded , ” Hemo told AFP , in a rare glimpse of life inside the town which has been fought over street by street for nearly a month .
Hemo , 33 , is one of an estimated 200,000 mainly Kurdish Syrians who have fled the onslaught of Islamic State ( IS ) militants on Kobane to the relative safety of Turkey .
The jihadist was captured by Kurdish fighters during fierce close-quarters fighting for control of the town on the Turkish border .
They were held for a day and , according to Hemo , was ultimately killed by their captors .
“ We captured them in the street , ” said Hemo , dragging on a cigarette in the Turkish border town of Suruc , where along with other Kobane refugees , they have found sanctuary .
“ He said they came from Azerbaijan . They were in their 20s and spoke to us in Arabic , ” they added . The fighter was dressed in full camouflage gear .
The extraordinary encounter — which AFP can not independently verify — marked a rare moment that a Kurdish civilian stood face-to-face with an IS fighter , who have been glimpsed by the outside world largely only as distant figures seen from the Turkish border .
Hemo stayed in Kobane longer than most civilians , only moving over the Turkish border last week , some three weeks after the attack by the jihadists begun .
They said they were not one of the fighters battling with the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) against the IS extremists .
Before the conflict , they worked at a grocery store in Kobane . But as a man of fighting age , they helped with supplies .
It was in that capacity that Hemo had the encounter with the jihadist , who was captured by the YPG during the street fighting for the western part of the town .
The bearded jihadist explained at length to their captors how they had come to Kobane to “ deliver it from the kuffar ” ( the infidels ) .
“ We asked them them why the jihadists were attacking us . They replied that we were kuffar ( the infidels ) and they had received the order to put us on the path of true Islam , ” they said .
– ‘ Not scared of dying ' –
Attempting to show the captured man that they were all adherents of the same religion , Hemo said that the YPG fighters took the man to a mosque in Kobane .
But even as a captive , the man remained inflexible , they said .
“ We tried in vain to help them find reason . But they did not want to know anything , ” said Hemo .
“ He said again and again that we were the infidel and they wanted to go to paradise to find the 40 women who had been promised to him , ” they added .
When their captors offered them something to eat and drink , the man refused and said that should they manage to escape they would blow themselves up like their “ brother ” suicide bombers .
Hemo said they had still not understood the stubbornness of the jihadist and their disdain for death .
“ He told us several times that they were happy for their brothers who had become martyrs and they would join them in paradise . ”
The jihadists are reported to have repeatedly used suicide bombing as a tactic in the standoff , with a young woman fighting for the YPG having reportedly used the same tactic against them .
The Pentagon said on Wednesday it believed that US-led air strikes had killed “ several hundred ” IS fighters in and around Kobane , but warned it was still possible that the town could fall to jihadists .
Hemo said that in the end the prisoner was killed by their captors with a shot to the head , although it has not been possible to independently verify the account .
They said that there had been no initial plan to kill the jihadist but concern had grown among the YPG fighters as the extent of their fanaticism became clear .
“ He was not scared of death , ” Hemo said , adding they were shot in the street the day after they were captured .
‘ Yes , we fuck ! ' : even the disabled have sex
by Ivano Abbadessa - 2013.12.17
Yes , we fuck ! is the name of the new innovative project launched in Spain . A documentary that freely tackles a taboo topic in today 's society : sexuality among people with disabilities . To explain it more clearly and directly - especially for those who only have a smattering of English - it is a series of films and photographs showing with no shyness nor prejudice some men and women with different types of disabilities while they have sex .
According to the film 's creators , sexuality is the most powerful booster for personal growth and for the development of personality and social relations . As such , it should be pivotal to social support provided for people with disabilities . Yet , it is often denied , repressed , silenced . Associating words like masturbation , erogenous zones or orgasm with the physically challenged is inconceivable for the largest part of the community . These actions are considered as weird since they are wanted by a different body or are triggered by not-always-conventional pleasures in certain environments .
A body with disabilities is usually seen as ill and held in a medicalized dimension ; it is always seen as the object of care but never as the subject of desire . Actors or characters with some forms of disabilities are never shown even in erotic stories nor in porn films . It 's like if these individuals are not made to feel sensual pleasure .
Beyond intimate relationships , videos aim at showing not only what eroticism can bring for the disabled , but also what functional diversity can introduce to human sexuality . According to authors , 'Yes , we fuck ! ' is not only a documentary , but a project where people interact , converse and ask questions . In this respect , social networks , starting from Facebook , are of fundamental importance .
The diversity of eroticism , the wide sense of beauty and the fight for personal independence are at the heart of the stories published . And so will in the future . Yes , in addition to those online , creators are already looking for people who want to take part in the future shots of this project . Which is meant to change the collective imaginary through explicit images of carnality for people with disabilities .
Sheikh ‘ Aadel Al-Kalbani , former imam of the Grand Mosque in Mecca has announced that ISIS is the result of the Salafi version of Islam , and therefore there needs to be changes within the Salafi sect itself .
“ ISIS is a true product of Salafism , and we must deal with it with full transparency. ” This statement was made not by liberal Muslim elements , who regularly criticize Salafism , but by Sheikh ‘ Aadel Al-Kalbani , former imam of the Grand Mosque in Mecca and a Salafi himself , hence its importance . Al-Kalbani is not the first Salafi to come out against ISIS – other Saudis have condemned the organization 's conduct and operations – but Al-Kalbani has gone farther in their criticism : they have come out against the principles of the Salafi perception from which ISIS and its ilk draw , and has called for a rationalistic approach to Islam 's distant past and what it means to Islam today instead of a blind reenactment of it .
In two articles in the Saudi government daily Al-Riyadh , Al-Kalbani criticized elements in the Salafi stream for appropriating the truth and Islam and for permitting the killing of their opponents , and likewise criticized clerics and society that dared not come out against them . They stated that the call to blindly reenact the path of the Prophet Muhammad and of the forefathers of Islam stems from a faulty grasp of the essence of this path , and that Muhammad themselves had rejected blind adoption of the perceptions of the past and blind following of the path of their predecessors , choosing instead a rationalistic approach appropriate for a changing reality . Al-Kalbani stated that clerics must take their heads out of the sand and move with the spirit of the times instead of rejecting and condemning any new idea .
This is not the first time that Al-Kalbani has challenged the mainstream Saudi clerics . They have harshly attacked suicide bombings , [ 1 ] published a fatwa permitting poetry , [ 2 ] and called for allowing women to drive cars . [ 3 ]
The following are translated excerpts from their two recent articles in Al-Riyadh :
“ ISIS Is A True Product Of Salafism And We Must Deal With It With Full Transparency ”
On August 15 , 2014 , Sheikh Al-Kalbani tweeted ( @ abuabdelelah ) : “ ISIS is a true product of Salafism and we must deal with it with full transparency. ” DIRECT LINK TO TWEET HERE .
This statement sparked reactions across the social networks , and 10 days later , on August 24 , Al-Kalbani wrote in an Al-Riyadh article titled “ Is Terrorism A Salafi Product ? ” : “ Every time we see the fitna network sweeping up young people from among our sons… [ and pitching them into ] to a very deep abyss from which they will emerge only by means of idioms that drip blood , our conscience torments us and we wonder : From whence has this come upon us ? How have they fallen into this ? As if we could not do a thing before then .
“ But the opposite is true : The main reason for their deviation is our neglect – and by ‘ our ' neglect I mean the [ neglect of the ] generation of the parents , and of the honorable members of society among the clerics , teachers , preachers , jurisprudents , and sociologists who are linked directly to that society . The words , the books , the sermons , the dramas , and all the artistic creativity and the essential link [ to the audience ] that these people present in all the media , whether print , radio , or television , [ allow them ] to monitor the ideas of the young people and to participate in balancing them . I exclude [ of course ] that tiniest of minorities whose throat is parched from warning about the extremism of theSalafis .
“ Yes , this is the plant that has sprouted in the garbage dump of those who excessively pass judgment on others and pretend to represent Salafism . How gravely they have accused others of apostasy , of deviating from the right path , of heresy , and of licentiousness – as if the arena lies open before them and there is nobody to condemn them and no judge to punish them . Furthermore , they are received with feigned respect and admiration , and opportunities have been opened to them to plant in the minds of our young people that this one has gone astray and that one is an infidel and the other one is lax in religion . Even the greatest of clerics , past and present , are not spared their arrows . They spread the principles of Islam in a twisted manner that makes them incomprehensible or distorted , and preserve things that negate Islam . They measure the judge , the educated , and the student , and even the simple folk by what they [ i.e . these extremists ] have learned by heart [ but ] do not understand , and think that they are entitled to rule that the above mentioned are apostates and to call down upon them the punishments of Allah that are no longer implemented and [ by so doing , they think that they will ] restore the glory and splendor of monotheism .
“ This group thinks that no one but itself and its supporters are the source of good and the defenders of monotheism – because [ its members ] imbibed with their mothers ' milk [ the view ] that all Muslims worldwide do not understand [ monotheism ] and that they are not worshipping only Allah but are polytheists who worship graves… and that there are no just clerics besides their own clerics and their disciples . [ They think that ] only a cleric whom they love , whom they heed and obey , and on whose say they reject or validate [ others ] – only they hold the truth and acts in accordance with the ways of [ Islam 's ] just forefathers… They spread out and multiply , and publicly call for following in the footsteps of some sheikh and for accepting their words in full . They have begun to classify people , preachers , and clerics – [ for example , ] this sheikh should n't be listened to because they are more loathsome than the Jews and the Christians , and that fatwa deviates [ from the right path ] , so it is forbidden to pray behind anyone who adopts it , or to sit with him , eat with them or respect him . They have begun… to separate the young people from the clerics who understand the result of [ this activity by them ] and what difficulties they are going to cause the nation .
“ Actually , there is no connection between the path of these extremists and the [ true ] path of the Salafis – which is tolerance , compassion , and gentleness , and in which there is no place for extremism and [ religious ] fanaticism . [ Salafism ] is a path that spreads love , brotherhood , and acceptance of the other among Muslims and coexistence with non-Muslims . But the thing is to understand it and to implement it – and not [ just to ] pretend [ to do so ] – in a way that is compatible with the deep roots of the past and with the demands of the present .
“ [ However , ] what is needed is a perception for reforming ideas , not admonitions , reproof , reactions and word-sparing that deal with the symptom and ignore the disease ! There is still enough time to rehabilitate [ these ideas ] , ideologically and practically , and to prevent society from splitting into sects and groups that throng after dignitaries who are enveloped in an aura of immunity [ to sin and error ] and sanctity , with each group thinking that it has the right to guide the nation and recruit its young people .
“ A plant is always like its roots . If we want a good , fruitful plant , it is incumbent upon everyone to care for its roots , its water sources , the spread of its branches , and the fertility of the earth [ from which it grows ] , and to protect it from ideas and viruses that turn its fruit and seeds to poison from which the generations sip and on which the young people grow up ; from [ these seeds ] sprouts a plant that has in it no place for compassion and to whom love and friendship are totally alien . ”
“ We Remain Trapped In The Dungeons Of The Very Distant Past ” ; We Should “ Rely On The Past As A Foundation ” For Building The Present And Future , Not Destroying Them
On August 31 , 2014 , Al-Kalbani published another article , “ The Chains of the Past , ” in which they criticized the Salafism that advocates uncritical reliance on Islam 's past , and called for a rationalistic critical approach . They wrote : “ We never stop elevating the past at any cost , so much so that it has taken over our lives and thwarted our management of our present , and I do not know what it will do to our future . We claim that the past is the perception , the deeds , and the outlook of the forefathers [ of Islam ] , to the point where if a catastrophe happens to one of us , they hasten to seek a solution for their catastrophe in a book written hundreds of years ago ! And then we shout loudly , ‘ Islam is compatible with every time and every place [ ! ] '
“ What is very strange is that we remain trapped in the dungeons of the very distant past , chewing over the words of Malik [ bin Anas [ 4 ] ] , may the peace of Allah be upon him , ‘ The last of this ummah will not be successful unless they follow the same [ pattern ] that was successful in the hands of its first ones , ' and think that what it means is that we must remain in the first century of the era of the mission [ of the Prophet Muhammad ] , in the same style of life , and in the same patterns and knowledge that they had .
“ From these words [ of Malik bin Anas ] I do not understand that our past [ must ] control our present and constrain our future ; rather , I understand that [ the past ] is what caused the Prophet 's honorable Companions to change their perception , and brought about their wonderful transition from the caves of darkness and straying into the light of truth… What improved the situation of the first generation [ of Islam ] was not preserving the heritage of the forefathers and the ideas of the previous generations , but the complete opposite . The first generation [ of Islam ] abandoned the [ pattern ] of blind imitation , and with the descent [ of Koran 96:1 ] ‘ Recite in the name of your Lord , ' the use of the mind began , after it was neglected for many centuries ; the wagon of change began to move and to shift the bitter reality full of oppression , backwardness , and idolatry with lofty and clear rational truths . They [ the members of the first generation ] opened their eyes to what had [ always ] been in front of them , but which the fog of imitating what their forefathers did had prevented them from seeing… until the honored Koran arrived and removed this fog and enabled them to see what they had been blind to , and to distinguish what they had not noticed [ before ] .
“ In the same spirit , I want the past to free us from the yoke of the backwards present – not drag us towards it . I want our past to make us see reality as it is , and for us to rely on it in the areas of development and culture , and for us to emerge from it with momentum towards the horizons of the future and with an enlightened perception . This [ should be done ] under the direction of the two revelations [ the Koran and the Sunna ] – and not by means of the opinions of people who have invested most of their efforts in studying that era [ of early Islam ] .
“ We should rely on the past as a foundation from which we head out to the future and to the building of the present ; this is better than turning the past into [ something ] that binds our hands and arouses among us rivalry , conflict , and opinions for which we fight and as a result of which we weaken and splinter . Had we done this [ from the outset ] , we would be sitting on the throne of the pinnacle of culture .
“ We must acknowledge that our past contains things that are not compatible with our present . The religious collapse of the West happened only after it became fully aware of the depth of the yawning chasm between the scientific knowledge that serves the culture that the human mind has attained and the religious beliefs and laws set out by the church , which included beliefs that had been distorted or misunderstood , or were not appropriate for every time .
“ From among those who call for absolute adherence to the past there has emerged a young generation that defends and fights for opinions and ways that are devoid of the [ the correct ] Islamic concepts and religious views that can guide the ummah in the right direction . This gang , that has granted itself the right to banish minds , has not grasped the situation of the ummah , and has not managed to adapt to [ today 's reality ] ; therefore its path is to subdue the other or to accuse them of apostasy and of deviating from the right path . [ These people ] can be found in all walks of life , preventing men of insight from advancing and catching up to the present , and anyone who criticizes them and points out their mistakes is accused of being Khawarij [ 5 ] – an accusation tailored for such [ critics ] . Anyone who talks about women 's rights is deviating from the right path and is loathsome and is lax in religion . Anyone who expresses a wise opinion that has been covered up and ignored because it contradicts their Salafism , is going against the vast majority of the people… and so on…
“ What is strange is that these radical extremists who accuse their opponents of heresy and of apostasy acknowledge neither the stagnation of their own perception and ideas nor the worthlessness of their religious law , and thus do not recognize that they have left seeds that are today inflicting suffering and torment on the ummah . ”
Endnotes :
[ 1 ] See MEMRI Special Dispatch No . 3728 , Saudi Sheikh : One Who Kills Himself and Others in Order to Win the Virgins of Paradise Is Not a Martyr but a Suicide ; Only the Truly Virtuous Will Gain Paradise , April 1 , 2011 .
[ 2 ] See MEMRI Special Dispatch No . 4215 , Political Poem By Saudi Prince Triggers Public Debate In Kingdom , March 5 , 2013 .
[ 3 ] See MEMRI Inquiry & Analysis No . 1029 , Saudi Activists Renew Campaign For Women 's Driving , October 23 , 2013 .
[ 4 ] Cleric ( d. 795 ) and the founder of the Maliki school of thought , one of the four in Sunni Islam .
[ 5 ] Derogatory term referring to a rebel cult in early Islam that split off from the army of Ali ibn Abi Talib at the Battle of Siffin in 657 .
Made from 600D Polyester with PVC Coating ( Multicam made from 500D Nylon )
Multicam pack made with geniune Crye Precision Multicam Fabric
Now with a mesh padded back for added comfort and breathability
Dual compression straps
Main compartment has interior organization system
LAPG Shoulder Strap System integrates with separate Tactical Chest Pack Attachment
Hydration compatible with ports on both shoulders
MOLLE allows for limitless customization
Loop lined interior for attaching LAPG Pouches or other hook backed items
19 '' tall X 13 '' wide X 12 '' thick at bottom and 9 '' at the top
2590 cubic inches
Removable Backplate
The LA Police Gear 3 Day Backpack 2.0 takes everything you loved from our original 3 Day Backpack and improves on the design by adding new , exciting features.Just like the original , the 2.0 has tons of room for your gear , and is MOLLE compatible in case you need to strap on external pouches . The shoulder straps make carrying heavier loads a breeze and the overall design and straps help distribute all of the weight evenly , while the new yoke system makes carrying the pack more comfortable than ever . Also new to the pack is a mesh padded back that will enhance comfort and breathability . The inside of the pack is lined with loop so you can attach all our pouches or other hooked back items for greater organization.Last but definitely not least , we have added a new feature to the straps of the Atlas line that allows you to buckle in our LAPG Tactical Chest Pack Attachment directly to the backpack . The Chest Pack is a versatile carrying system that basically gives the storage of another backpack . Great for CCW , small items , or anything you can think of !
Ontario 's Special Investigations Unit is investigating the altercation , which they say began when someone called police at 9:30 am Sunday morning to report a man `` causing a disturbance . '' Shortly after , police arrived on the scene , chased the man and confronted him .
Meanwhile Matt Skof , president of the Ottawa Police Association , told CBC Radio that `` to suggest that race was an issue in this , it 's inappropriate . The officers were called to the scene . The officers had to attend . Race , in this case , is a fact , just like your age , your gender , your height . It does n't have anything to do with our decision-making . Our decision-making is based on our training , and our training has nothing to do with race . ''
But Abdourahman Kahin , head of a group called Muslim Presence , told the Canadian Press it 's too early to know whether the officers were racially motivated . `` We condemn the brutality of the police — 100 percent condemn — but do n't put the color of the victim [ first ] , '' they said .
`` It is critical that a full and transparent investigation be swiftly conducted so that Mr. Abdi 's family , and the wider community , get clear answers , '' the National Council of Canadian Muslims said in a statement Tuesday , adding that the investigation should look into whether prejudice played a role in how they were treated .
A Canadian Muslim group is calling for a thorough investigation into the death of 37-year-old Abdirahman Abdi , a Somali Canadian who died Monday after what witnesses described as a violent altercation with Ottawa Police .
Read more
A Canadian Muslim group is calling for a thorough investigation into the death of 37-year-old Abdirahman Abdi , a Somali Canadian who died Monday after what witnesses described as a violent altercation with Ottawa Police .
`` It is critical that a full and transparent investigation be swiftly conducted so that Mr. Abdi 's family , and the wider community , get clear answers , '' the National Council of Canadian Muslims said in a statement Tuesday , adding that the investigation should look into whether prejudice played a role in how they were treated .
But Abdourahman Kahin , head of a group called Muslim Presence , told the Canadian Press it 's too early to know whether the officers were racially motivated . `` We condemn the brutality of the police — 100 percent condemn — but do n't put the color of the victim [ first ] , '' they said .
Meanwhile Matt Skof , president of the Ottawa Police Association , told CBC Radio that `` to suggest that race was an issue in this , it 's inappropriate . The officers were called to the scene . The officers had to attend . Race , in this case , is a fact , just like your age , your gender , your height . It does n't have anything to do with our decision-making . Our decision-making is based on our training , and our training has nothing to do with race . ''
Ontario 's Special Investigations Unit is investigating the altercation , which they say began when someone called police at 9:30 am Sunday morning to report a man `` causing a disturbance . '' Shortly after , police arrived on the scene , chased the man and confronted him .
They were already dead . The family speaks . See the FULL statement on CBC News — Idil Mussa ( @ idilmussa ) July 25 , 2016
City councillor Jeff Leiper called it `` a very rough confrontation . ''
`` Several descriptions have been provided of the police striking him , which need to be investigated , '' Leiper wrote in a blog post . `` There have been multiple accounts given that they have a mental illness , and that mental capacity likely played a role in today 's events . ''
`` Where 's all the police , where 's the ambulance ? He 's going to die ! ''
Several witnesses told Postmedia they were beaten by several officers who kicked , punched and hit them with batons . There were also reports that Abdi , who was described as having a mental illness , was pepper-sprayed .
`` They hit , they hit , they hit , they hit everywhere . Then they were unconscious , '' one witness told Postmedia .
Related : Black and Hispanic people more likely to be victims of police brutality , study says
A witness video obtained by Postmedia shows the aftermath of the confrontation . The video , shot from a balcony above , shows a black man face down on the pavement below , motionless , with their hands cuffed behind their back .
`` Oh my god , he 's going to bleed to death , '' a woman says as the video begins .
Two white police officers lean over the man 's body . Then they walk away and appear to leave them alone for a moment .
`` Are those police ? '' A child asks , off camera .
The man 's right arm moves slightly . `` I think he 's dead , '' another voice says .
`` Where 's all the police , where 's the ambulance ? He 's going to die ! '' the first woman says , more urgently . `` He 's bleeding . ''
Two officers then return but struggle to lift them and turn them over onto their side . They do n't perform CPR and do n't appear to offer any medical assistance . Spots of blood cover their blue shirt .
Related : It 's Impossible To Find Out Exactly How Many People Are Shot By Cops in Canada
`` He 's mentally ill ! '' another woman yells .
`` Maybe the ambulances are late , '' the child says , a few moments later .
Paramedics arrive on the scene . They talk for a few moments and put on purple gloves before attending to the man . Then a paramedic checks their pulse . An officer uncuffs the man 's hands , and the paramedic rolls them onto their back and cuts open their shirt .
A full 10 minutes pass from the beginning of the video to the time the man receives CPR .
Ottawa Police Chief Charles Bordeleau extended their condolences to Abdi 's family Monday night and said the Special Investigations Unit must be allowed to investigate , the Ottawa Citizen reported . `` We need to let the SIU do their investigation and determine exactly what took place , but we 've reached out to the family through [ the ] SIU to support and provide victim counseling services and we 'll let the SIU do their work . ''
Marie-Josee Houle , Executive director of the OCISO Non-Profit Housing Corporation , said they had handed over video of the altercation to the SIU .
OCISO Services is working with the immigrants and refugees who live in the building to provide resources if they have concerns `` about the greater issue at hand , '' they said .
This is n't the first time that Ontario police have had violent interactions with black and non-white civilians , especially those with mental health issues . But , because no agency collects consistent or complete data on use of force and race , it is impossible to determine how often racial minorities are injured or killed by police .
Follow Hilary Beaumont on Twitter : @ HilaryBeaumont
“ Bernie Sanders or Bust ” has long been the guiding principle of the millennials among Bernie Sanders 's base . Young voters are tired , it seems , of the “ lesser of two evils ” argument that has so often been used to pressure voters into choosing a less-than-ideal candidate .
This year , the argument has become more prominent , given the looming threat of Donald Trump .
Many prominent supporters of Bernie Sanders have publicly called for Sanders supporters to embrace Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee , given the potential dangers posed by a Trump presidency .
Indeed , earlier this week , Bernie Sanders themselves made a version of this argument in their first formal endorsement of the former secretary of state .
“ In terms of the presidential election this November , there is no doubt that the election of Donald Trump as president would be a devastating blow to all that we are fighting for , ” Sanders wrote .
That is why , they added , “ I endorsed Hillary Clinton to be our next president . I know that some of you will be disappointed with that decision . But I believe that , at this moment , our country , our values , and our common vision for a transformed America , are best served by the defeat of Donald Trump and the election of Hillary Clinton . ”
Many Bernie Sanders supporters have expressed their disappointment at this decision ; some see the endorsement as capitulation to a system that is inherently corrupt , overflowing with the corporate money that Sanders has , throughout their political career , so passionately condemned .
For Hillary Clinton , Sanders ' formal endorsement would seem to be a positive step in courting the Vermont senator 's enthusiastic supporters — but Sanders backers , according to recent polls , have different plans .
According to a new poll released on Thursday , almost half of Bernie Sanders 's millennial supporters — 48 percent — now say that they will vote for a third-party candidate over the two widely disliked nominees of America 's two major parties .
null
This is consistent with previous polls suggesting that a growing number of Sanders supporters , not just millennials , do not plan on casting a ballot for Hillary Clinton in November .
For Clinton , this is a troubling development . It suggests that the distrust reflected by recent survey data is manifesting in the practical choices of potential voters . And it will be difficult for them to convince those who are disaffected by the substantial baggage they carry , from the email scandal to the Wall Street speeches to their support for disastrous interventions overseas .
This revolt against the “ lesser of two evils ” argument is significant — it demonstrates that young voters are tired of the limits inherent in the two-party system , and it shows a real appetite for alternative candidates and agendas .
Cynically , this can be viewed as a need to be trendy . In reality , however , young voters are reacting to an economy that is working primarily for the wealthiest and to a job market that is increasingly limited , leaving students saddled with loan debt with few opportunities .
Millennials feel that the status quo is no longer enough , and this explains their overwhelming support for the insurgent candidacy of Bernie Sanders , which focused largely on income inequality , corporate criminality , Wall Street greed , and the need to provide services for working families that have increasingly been locked out of the system .
By refusing to vote for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and instead opting for an alternative , whether that alternative is Jill Stein or Gary Johnson , millennials are saying what Sanders has said throughout their campaign : “ Enough is enough . ”
Rolling Stone 's Matt Taibbi argues that the “ lesser of two evils ” argument is , in many ways , fueling the problem . Republicans , they note , have increasingly distanced themselves from the needs of the people , and the Democrats have responded by doing essentially the same thing . This has left voters feeling neglected and dissatisfied , fueling either rage or apathy .
null
“ Beltway Democrats , ” Taibbi observes , “ seem increasingly to believe that all people who fall within a certain broad range of liberal-ish beliefs owe their votes and their loyalty to the Democratic Party . ”
Young voters , by refusing to embrace Clinton as the less-bad candidate , are revolting against “ lesser evilism. ” They are refusing to accept a Democratic candidate whose most compelling political quality ( given the widespread view that they are dishonest and untrustworthy ) is that they are not Trump .
This , millennials are saying , is no longer enough .
[ Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images ]
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Unlike Mitt Romney , most Americans who will pay their taxes today ca n't afford fancy accountants . But Romney has reluctantly made public their tax returns , and thus shared valuable strategies to ensure that they pay a far lower rate than , say , Warren Buffett 's secretary . Citizens for Tax Justice recently waded through Romney 's 2010 return—in which their $ 22 million in income was miraculously taxed at just 13.9 percent—to come up with a handy primer for how you , too , can beat the IRS at its own game . To paraphrase :
1 . Do n't work for a living
The tax rate on money earned actually working ( “ salaries and wages ” ) can be more than double the rate on money earned sitting around watching your investments go up in value ( “ capital gains ” ) , thanks to the work of other people . Almost all of Romney 's income is taxed as capital gains .
2 . If you work , disguise your compensation as capital gains
About half of the $ 15 million in capital gains and dividend income Romney reported in 2010 was actually compensation for their work at Bain Capital . But using a tax loophole favored by private-equity guys , they were able to get paid by taking equity stakes in deals that they put together ( “ carried interest , ” in tax parlance ) instead of in the proletarian form of a fully taxable salary . Bonus : This allowed Bain to avoid paying Medicare payroll taxes .
3 . Give to charity—but not with cash , checks , or money orders
In 2010 , Romney was able to write off $ 1.5 million worth of Domino 's Pizza stock they donated to a charity . It is likely that they originally received the stock as compensation from Bain , in which case the price they paid for it would have been close to zero . In this scenario , by donating the stock instead of selling it and donating the cash , Romney would have saved about $ 220,000 in taxes .
4 . Give to charity—but not now
Romney 's return reports income from the W. Mitt Romney 1996 Charitable Remainder UniTrust . Not only is the trust tax exempt , but when Romney set it up 16 years ago , they got a tax deduction for making a charitable donation . Though the money in the trust is eventually supposed to go to charity , Romney can receive income from the trust for a number of years—quite possibly for the rest of their life .
5 . Give to charity—your own
In 2010 Romney made a tax-deductible , $ 1.5 million donation to the Tyler Charitable Foundation , which they control . Commanding your own foundation allows you to curry favor with political and business allies by donating money to their pet organizations and causes . For instance , in 2010 the Tyler Charitable Foundation donated $ 100,000 to to the George W. Bush Library .
6 . Do not invest in America
Certain foreign investment vehicles allow you to avoid certain taxes . For example , Romney 's Individual Retirement Account could bypass the Unrelated Business Income Tax by investing through a foreign corporation . Though it 's hard to know whether Romney availed themselves of those kinds of savings , they have invested substantially in foreign entities , including ones based in offshore tax havens such as Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , and Luxembourg .
7 . Invest in sexy financial instruments
Romney earned $ 415,000 from an investment that gets special tax treatment : Through an accounting loophole , 60 percent of the profits from the investment are treated as long-term capital gains , a designation that has tax benefits , no matter how long the investment is held .
8 . Borrow money to invest
While you ca n't deduct interest from car loans or credit cards , you can write off interest on the money you borrow to make certain types of investments—for instance , if you borrow from a broker to buy stock ( a “ margin loan ” ) . Portfolio management fees are also write-offs . A fellow like Romney , who makes their millions mainly from investments , could probably deduct a fair sum .
9 . Push the limits of the law
When you engage in a type of transaction that the IRS views as potentially abusive , you must disclose it in a separate form . In 2010 , Romney filed six such forms .
10 . Be part of the 1 percent
When it comes to taxes , it costs money to save money . You 'll need to hire lawyers to help you set up tax-exempt charities and trusts or exploit offshore tax havens—and a professional money manager if you plan to invest in sexy financial instruments . It probably wo n't be cost effective if you are n't already rich , but any hard-working son of a governor can land a job at a private-equity firm and start getting paid in carried interest . Bonus : You might make enough money to one day run for president .
A former Arizona police officer , who killed six people during their 12-year career before it ended after the latest shooting , is now selling firearm training simulators that jolt people who hesitate to shoot .
James Peters , former police officer with the Scottsdale PD , applied for “ accidental disability retirement ” in 2012 after they shot a 50-year-old man in the head with a rifle . The deceased , John Loxas , who was holding their baby grandson in their arms at that moment , had a record of threatening neighbors with firearms .
Peters reported seeing a black object in Loxas ' trouser pocket , believing it to be a handgun . It was actually a phone , but Peters learned that only after killing the man in what they called an action necessary to protect the baby .
The officer left the service and was not charged over the shooting , although Scottsdale paid a $ 4.25 million settlement to Loxas ' family . Prior to that incident Peters , who served some of their career as a SWAT team member , was involved in six other shootings , it was reported at the time . Five of them were fatal , with none of them ending in prosecution .
Less than a month after retirement with a $ 4,500 monthly pension , Peters was hired by a Tempe-based company called VirTra Systems . They are now selling and instructing customers on the use of its products – firearm shooting simulators meant to train police and military of how to handle themselves in a firefight , reported the Arizona-based blog Down and Drought .
The company 's flagship product is V-300 , a simulator that places a trainee between five video screens arcing 300 degrees that create a virtual reality around him/her , complete with powerful audio . The trainee is also required to wear electrodes that jolt them every time they or they sustain a wound in the simulator . VirTra Systems says the feedback enhances the training process .
“ The trainee knows they could experience pain during training , so they take the training far more seriously , leading to more effective training . In addition , the extra stress and pressure during training helps better prepare the trainee for a real life or death situation where a mistake could have dire consequences , ” it says in a press release .
The report however is highly critical of the approach , arguing that it basically encourages people to shoot first and ask questions later .
READ MORE : Excessive security , drugs & assaults triggered riot at Arizona 's Kingman private prison – report
“ VirTra 's pain compliance training operates on the theory that officers who hesitate to take action , die , ” it said . “ The pain conditioning kicks in when the officer fails to react quickly enough , with the goal of reinforcing training . In essence , it recreates being shot , an outcome that VirTra 's officer-safety-first-and-foremost training strongly implies is the losing outcome . ”
VirTra Systems says it supplies its products to some 200 police and military organizations around the world . V-300s may cost up to $ 300,000 apiece .
Michelle Obama Net Worth : Michelle Obama is an American lawyer , writer and First Lady of the United States who has a net worth of $ 40 million . Michelle Obama was born January 17 , 1964 in Chicago , Illinois . They are best known for being the wife of the 44th President of the United States , Barack Obama . They attended Princeton University , graduating cum laude in 1985 , and went on to earn a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1988 . Following law school , they worked at a Chicago law firm where they met their husband , ( President ) Barack Obama . Initially , they refused to date Barack , believing that their work relationship would make the romance improper . Eventually , they relented and the couple soon fell in love , marrying on October 3 , 1992 . Michelle soon left their job to launch a career in public service , serving as an assistant to Mayor Daley and then as the assistant commissioner of planning and development for the City of Chicago . In 1993 , they became executive director for the Chicago office of Public Allies , a nonprofit leadership-training program which helped young adults develop skills for future careers in the public sector . Michelle joined the University of Chicago in 1996 as Associate Dean of Student Services , developing the university 's first community service program . They then worked for the University of Chicago Hospitals beginning in 2002 as Executive Director of Community Relations and External Affairs . In May 2005 , they were appointed Vice President for Community and External Affairs at the University of Chicago Medical Center , where they continued to work part-time until shortly before their husband 's inauguration as President of the United States in 2009 . They serve as a board member for the prestigious Chicago Council on Global Affairs . After their husband was elected President , they put their own career ambitions on the back burner to become The First Lady . In February 2017 , it was reported that Barack and Michelle Obama would be receiving a $ 60 million advance for the combined rights to their autobiographies .
If it were n't for bad timing , I swear I would have no timing at all .
Had this been published yesterday , you would have been reading all about Prince Fielder 's potential for a turnaround . I 'll admit , I was n't raving about Prince , but I also looked optimistically at the fact that the source of their power drain had been found . I figured if there was ever a chance for them to get right in 2014 , getting this herniated disk taken care of was the key . They were already putting up much better numbers in May than they had over the first month of the season , and this had the potential to be another step in the right direction .
Boy was I wrong . After playing 547 consecutive games ( 25th longest streak in ML history ) , Fielder is now expected to miss the rest of the season . He 'll get a second opinion , but all indications are that Prince will need cervical fusion surgery with a recovery time of three to four months . If that ends up being the case , I hope they return next season and is much more like the mashing Prince Fielder we were accustomed to a couple of years back , but at this point in their career ( he just turned 30 this month ) , that might be more wishful thinking than anything else .
If you were wondering about how to handle Fielder on your roster , that concern just went in a whole different direction . You 've now got a glaring hole in your lineup that you did n't expect would be there when you acquired their services . Part of the challenge of this game is adapting to the circumstances with which you are presented , so after you 've thrown your mini-tantrum about yet another one of your players being hurt , it 's time to get back to work . You 're not going to replace the production you banked on from Prince , but one of these names could tie you over adequately in the meantime .
Mitch Moreland , TEX : It only makes sense to look to Texas for a replacement not just in the Rangers ' lineup , but also for your squad . Moreland will be the man at 1B now and if you 're having a hard time getting excited about that , I do n't blame you . The Rangers certainly were n't that excited about it either as evidenced by their trade for Fielder over the winter . But motivation can do funny things , and now Moreland finds themselves with one more chance to prove theirs worth .
In fairness , Moreland was already getting the bulk of the AB as the Rangers ' DH and had produced some serviceable numbers ( .286/.330/.429 , 2 HR , 15 RBI in 117 PA ) . They have been slotting into the six hole in the order recently as Choo has been moved to third followed by Beltre and Rios . That 's a pretty good spot in the lineup to occupy as the RBI potential should be plentiful . The AVG will undoubtedly come down as Moreland is currently striking out a career-high 23.9 % while only walking 6.0 % and sporting a BABIP of .364 , but they could net you 15-18 HR and 60+ RBI the rest of the season . It 's not what you expected from the 1B of the Rangers in 2014 , but at this point you 'd take it .
Ike Davis , PIT : Davis looked lost in 2013 in New York and disappointed many a fantasy owner . This year was off to a similarly shaky start before Davis was dealt April 19 to the Pirates who were in desperate need of some production from their first basemen . As has been the case with others coming to Pittsburgh , Davis has undergone a career resurgence ( as much of a resurgence as one can have in just 28 games with a new team ) . In 98 PA with Pittsburgh , he 's batting .286/.388/.429 with 2 HR and 10 RBI .
We know they wo n't be batting .300+ this season , but I do n't think he 'll regress to the .205 or .227 that they posted the last two years respectively . Theirs does sport a career high 29 % line-drive percentage as well as a career low 0.53 GB/FB rate . Both of these are contributing to a BABIP of .344 and perhaps that 's not as fluky as it seems . I doubt we 'll ever see them returning to the 32-HR level they put up in 2012 , but Davis could be turning into a more consistent , well-rounded hitter right before our eyes . There 's something to be said for a fresh start and I expect Davis to continue to flourish for their new team .
Garrett Jones , MIA : I neglected Jones in my discussion of Marlins hitters , but Fielder 's injury allows me a second chance to look at the Pittsburgh 's former 1B/OF . The 32-year old Jones has an .828 OPS and 23 RBI in 185 PA with the Marlins and has been one of the few hitters that does n't carry the extreme home/road splits that many in Miami 's lineup boast ( 4 of their 6 HR have been on the road ) . He 's been pushed up to fifth in the order as of late behind Stanton and McGehee and has been a stabilizing force for a Marlins squad that just wo n't go away .
You 'll want to get the left-handed batting Jones out of your lineup if at all possible when he 's facing southpaws . He 's posted a .205/.262./231 triple slash with 0 HR and just 2 RBI in 42 AB against lefties ( .304/.371/.560 versus RHP ) , which is pretty typical of their career numbers . But Jones , like many of their Marlin teammates , has been an underappreciated fantasy contributor and might still be lurking on the wire in your league while other owners continue to doubt .
We all know about # Bendgate and the iPhone 6 Plus insanity that many Apple fans will deny ( no need to argue over it ; trust us , they will ) , but a new durability test provided by SquareTrade shows that the King of Bendgate now has a new title : the King of Torturegate .
While the bendability of the thin and light Galaxy S6 and S6 edge are no surprise ( we 've seen the results already ) , there 's more to a device than its bendability – although bendability is an important factor in durability . There are other factors , too , such as how much a device slides or does n't slide on a surface , drop tests , and water resistance tests , and these factors play a role for many in their decision to buy or walk by a device . Even if these factors do not constitute all of the purchasing decision , they are a part of the decision-making process with consumers who want a high-end , high-quality value buy .
With that said , the Galaxy S6 was found to be the most durable of the five devices tested ( Galaxy S6 , S6 edge , Galaxy S5 , iPhone 6 , iPhone 6 Plus ) , with an overall “ 4 ” out of 10 for its breakability score . The Galaxy S5 and iPhone 6 were slightly behind , with a 4.5 score overall . The Galaxy S6 edge came in next , with a “ 5 ” breakability score that is expected given the device 's cutting “ edge ” ( pun intended ) that makes the outer sliver of the screen susceptible to breaks , drops , and falls . At the bottom of the list lies Apple 's first phablet , the iPhone 6 Plus .
The test results , per SquareTrade , are as follows :
In our drop tests , all three Galaxy phones survived six drops from six feet high without breaking . However , the S5 's removable back did pop off repeatedly , and the iPhone 6 Plus broke apart and stopped working 30 minutes later .
When it came to our slide test , the new glass S6 and S6 edge slid further than any of our other phones and twice as far as the plastic S5 – as one might expect . Finally , all phones survived 10 minutes underwater , even though Samsung has backed away from any waterproof claims on the S6 and the S6 edge . There you have it : when it comes to durability , the Samsung Galaxy S6 is the phone to beat – or dunk – or drop – or bend .
There 's a lesson in this , folks : the iPhone 6 Plus may not be the most bendable high-end smartphone ( in general ) anymore , but it certainly is still the most bendable high-end phablet when compared to the likes of Samsung 's Note 3 and Note 4 . If you want more than a 4.7-inch display ( on the iPhone 6 ) , you 're better off with Samsung .
Via
In which we recap the day 's events in the NCAA tournament .
MANCHESTER , N.H. — Let 's put it this way : If BU has even the remotest chance of coming back in a game , its almost inhuman ability to dominate the third period all but assures that it will .
Their game against Minnesota-Duluth was tied at two goals apiece through two periods , but BU made a little switch or two — mixing up the depth lines , changing up the forecheck , the standard stuff it usually does at this point in the game to disquiet opponents — and really stepped into the game in a way it has so many times before .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The top line , indomitable as it so often is at this point of games , crushed UMD in possession , drew a late penalty , and underrated senior Evan Rodrigues scored a wonderful individual goal at 17:36 of the third on the ensuing power play . BU won 3-2 and punched its ticket to the Frozen Four . Because of course it did . It was always going to .
“ I thought we did what we do best , ” BU coach David Quinn said . “ I thought we had a great third period . We were relentless , we we smart , and we just did the things we needed to do to win an incredibly important hockey game and extend our season . ”
The Terriers are now 21-0-2 when leading or tied through two periods . They 're also just 6-7-3 when trailing after 40 . If they 're within striking distance , it 's almost impossible to put them down and keep them there .
Story continues
But with that ability to basically take over a game occasionally comes a fallowness that leads to some nervy situations in the early going . That 's what happened today . When the top line of Jack Eichel , Evan Rodrigues , and Danny O'Regan were off the ice , BU was getting thoroughly pushed around . And while that line carried play more often than not , this was once again a game where little was happening for them in the offensive zone apart from shuffling the puck along the perimeter .
Rodrigues did have the first of their two goals 7:17 into the first period , as a puck batted high in the air at the attacking blue line on a bad clearing attempt came within a six-foot radius . They swatted at it like a batter trying to foul off an 0-2 pitch high and outside , and to the surprise of basically everybody in the building , it not only got on net , but beat UMD goalie Kasimir Kaskisuo .
Still the problems persisted , and the second period was far more eventful than the first . Three times in the first 7:31 , someone scored , with UMD doing so first , just 37 seconds after the break . BU answered 2:55 later to regain the lead , and UMD got back even 3:59 after that . Then the Bulldogs started to exert their influence . BU had to dig deep .
“ It was kind of like a heavyweight fight , ” Quinn said . “ We controlled the first few rounds , almost had a couple of opportunities to deliver the knockout punch . Then they come back and dominate for about 10 or 12 minutes , and we come back and dominate for 10 or 12 minutes . ”
The motivated Eichel , the one who explodes off the bench menacingly pitched forward , is a player that exudes confidence . When they do that , and gets a head of steam , all involved — whether playing , coaching , or watching — know something is bound to happen . That Eichel was rarely in evidence through 40 minutes , and the Terriers ' numbers showed it . Possession was in UMD 's favor , goals were even , and the season had as little as 20 minutes left .
Those who watched BU a lot this year could tell that something was off ; the game in the eastern marches of college hockey is one built on finesse and the transition . Teams out west tend to be bigger , more physical , and games are often determined by moments of individual skill . Neither is better nor worse than the other , and certainly teams out east can dictate a more violent game , while some in the west are more than happy to play faster . But the difference can be jarring , and BU — a smaller team overall — has n't played a western team since mid-October when it swept Michigan State and Michigan ( not exactly outstanding practitioners of the sport this season ) at its own Agganis Arena .
For the second game in a row , the transition game just was n't there for the Terriers . UMD was , in fact , doing a better job at stifling them than Yale — its Bulldog compatriots — in terms of limiting chances . BU 's goals came , instead , on a series of failed clearing attempts and a bout of extended possession in the attacking zone .
But where BU , and the Eichel line specifically , has really made its hay this season is that third period . For whatever reason , the Terriers ' style tends to trend more toward that of a powerful heavyweight content lean on opponents , pushing them against the ropes again and again , in hopes of tiring and perhaps provoking them into mistakes . That was n't how the opening 40 had gone , of course — it was Duluth doling out most of the punishment — but there was , as always , a kind of expectation that , okay , now they 're going to do something here . The BU goal differential in the third period entering tonight 's game was an astonishing plus-42 in just 38 games , on 67 for and just 25 against .
But if you 're waiting until the later rounds to really try to put your opponent on the canvas , you run the risk of getting KO'ed yourself . It does n't happen often , especially if that 's your game plan and you 're well-conditioned , but it certainly can .
“ We talked about the same thing , ” said UMD coach Scott Sandelin . “ Obviously they came out and probably had a little more jump . I mean , obviously it 's tough to generate anything . They were winning races and getting pucks to the net , which is what they do very well . ”
The adjustment Quinn made led to the Terriers once again getting the puck deeper into the attacking zone and keeping it there . And while the middle of the ice was still very much the domain of Minnesota-Duluth , the opportunities were certainly starting to come a little more rapid-fire . Shot attempts at 5-on-5 in the third period were 23-7 to BU . Something had to give soon , and of course the top line made it happen .
Late in the game , Rodrigues got the puck in the right wing corner and , in part of a physical battle , was dragged to the ice . Was it a penalty ? No surprise here , but Sandelin did n't think so , and with less than five minutes to go in a tied regional final , few in the building would have begrudged the lack of a call . But called it was , and with just one second to go in the power play , Rodrigues scored their second and staked BU to a lead it would , obviously , never relinquish .
One hesitates to call what BU does “ clutch , ” because the way they play the game is what engenders late winners and helps them strangle the life out of just about every game . It is n't so much that someone always steps up as the opponent is nearly always too exhausted to protest . Skill wins games pretty reliably at this level , and the Terrier top line has loads of it . What reply could any Bulldog have had tonight ?
How do you not count the lights if you 're lucky enough to survive that long ?
RIT 2 , Minnesota State 1
A rather controversial goal got the No . 1 team in the country bounced in just its first game .
An RIT forechecker appeared to shove a defenseman into goaltender Stephon Williams just as linemate Josh Mitchell let a shot go . Puck , defender and goalie all ended up lying in the net , and initially the referee signaled no-goal . But a decently long review overturned the initial call , and RIT held on the rest of the way . ( It was ruled that the MSU defenseman initiated contact . )
For much of the game , it seemed as though RIT was going to keep pace with Mankato . The Tigers scored the first goal just 4:30 into the game and did n't concede until nearly 27 minutes later . Shots were relatively even through two periods too , at 18-14 to the top-seeded Mavericks .
Then it was as though RIT just hit a wall . That whole “ best possession team in the country ” thing seemed to occur to everyone all at once . Shots ended up being 34-19 . But inevitability of possession disparity aside , this was a game RIT had no business winning . And yet here we are .
The romance of the tournament , one supposes .
Denver 5 , Boston College 2
Things looked like they were going OK for the Eagles , playing relatively close to home in Providence , R.I. , for most of the first period . They were n't down more than one goal against a very intimidating Pioneer side , and in fact Michael Matheson leveled inside of five minutes to go . If they could get to the intermission tied , things might not have seemed so bad .
But instead Trevor Moore scored with seven seconds to go before the interval , and as it turned out that just about sealed it . The game appeared even for a while longer , then Denver struck twice more in 1:01 midway through the third to really salt the earth . Tanner Jaillet stopped 22 of 24 to pick up the win , 11 of which came in the third when the result was more or less assured .
The win bumped the NCHC to 4-0 in the tournament to that point .
Providence College 7 , Miami 5
This game was , in a word , insane . Providence scored seven times , which was odd because in the Hockey East quarterfinals it scored just four goals across three games . Miami scored five times despite missing both its 20-goal scorers to suspension in one case , and injury in another . Providence also has one of the best goalies and defenses in the country .
And how they scored : Providence led 6-2 entering the third period , and Miami could n't get much going in attack to answer . So with about 13 — THIRTEEN ! ! ! ! — minutes left , Miami coach Rico Blasi pulled their goalie in search of four goals .
And they almost got them . Matthew Caito scored at 11:26 , then Devin Loe at 14:14 , then Sean Kuraly at 18:27 . At that point , it was 6-5 and things were getting awful nerve-wracking .
It was n't until Brandon Tanev scored into an empty net with just seven seconds left that the Friars could breathe easy . And not that it ended up mattering , but look at this desperation save from defenseman Louie Belpedio :
Nebraska-Omaha 4 , Harvard 1
This one was closer than the scoreline suggests , as Omaha scored two into an empty net . But still , there was very little chance that Harvard was ever going to win it .
Grant Gallo scored just 1:59 into the game , then Avery Peterson scored with less than two seconds left in the first on a 5-on-3 . A two-goal deficit is tough for anyone , but particularly so for a team so essentially one-line as the Crimson . Not that the Mavericks could keep that one line silent , as Jimmy Vesey cut the lead in half early in the third with their nation-leading 32nd of the season . But a late penalty from Luke Esposito with 2:30 left assured the Harvard comeback would end before it began .
North Dakota 4 , St . Cloud 1
St . Cloud jumped out to a lead 1:29 in , but then North Dakota figured out that they are much better than the Huskies . They scored the next three goals relatively early in each period ( 8:59 of the first , 6:49 of the second , 2:53 of the third ) . This was basically the only possible result here .
Three Stars
1 . Jordan Ruby , RIT
Ruby only played 21 games for RIT this season , but they turned in a .923 save percentage across them , and improved that today , stopping 33 of 34 against a much better team . This is the reason the Tigers won : They got pushed around , especially late , and Ruby did n't crack .
2 . Evan Rodrigues , BU
Two goals and a massive performance in all three zones . This kid thinks the game at a very high level .
3 . Grant Arnold , Denver
Arnold , the Pioneers ' captain this year , entered the game with zero goals on the season . They scored the fourth and fifth goals for Denver . I guess you call that leadership .
Akashic Records ( The word Akasha in Sanskrit means “ heaven , ” “ space , ” or “ Aether ” ) is a term used by esoteric authors in the theosophy ( and Anthroposophy ) to describe a compendium of mystical knowledge encoded in non-physical existential plans . These records are described to contain all the knowledge of all human experience and the history of the cosmos .
In Sanskrit , the term “ Akasha ” refers to the “ ether ” or the primordial substance of life , from which everything absolutely exists in the world .
It is a collective consciousness , the “ mind of God ” , contains the information or energy vibration of every thought ever thought in the Universes that have existed since the first division of One , God the Father .
Sal Rachele says that “ Akashic records are a series of energetic prints in the causal field of the Universe ” and that anyone can access them .
There is a part of the Akasha Chronicle of this world , in which we live , and where we find records of any being that have “ intersected ” karmic or quantum with the energy of the Earth .
The information in Akasha is on several levels , each “ superior ” level is more complex , more comprehensive than the previous : planetary , galactic , universal … Or they are structured in various dimensions , it 's like a huge multi-level library .
Sadhguru : It is what we call the internet today There are many ways you can be active in life You can make a physical movement , you can make a mental movement or you can move with your prana If you do something with your body , this is the thing will have a certain lifetime . What you do with the mind has a much longer life . If you do something with prana , the life of that thing is much longer . But once you work beyond that physical dimension , what you do is forever . No one can destroy that thing .
Description and Explanation
“ Akashic Records ” is a theosophical term referring to a universal file system that records any created thought , word , or action .
The recordings are made of a subtle substance called akasha ( or etheric-conductor ) .
In Hindu mysticism , this Akasha is considered to be the primary principle of nature , of which the other four natural principles are created : fire , air , earth , and water . These five principles also represent the five senses of the human being
Although Akashic records are a record of everything that has ever existed , of everything that is and will be , these recordings are in constant evolution and change .
This can be difficult to understand because of the agreed faith we have in linear time .
The understanding that Akashic Records is changing , evolving is the key to understanding how history , the past and future events , and the paths of our destiny are constantly changing .
We use the past and the future to understand the explanation . When you change a belief , learn a lesson of life , overcome a challenge , or grow and evolve in consciousness , you essentially change all of your versions that have ever existed .
This knowledge is recorded in the Akashic Records so that all other souls have subconscious access so that they can benefit from this knowledge if they choose to do so .
These recordings constantly change and evolve with every choice that every being does .
The reality that most likely manifested itself often changes through the change in choices and the decisions we take at every moment .
From this perspective , the past is as likely as the future .
This may seem strange due to the perception of the time we usually have .
At the same time , the choices you make today affect your past , present , and future .
The problem is that our minds are not trained to perceive the past other than the one you have experienced .
The collection is metaphorically described as a library , other common analogies found in the discourses on the subject of the idea of “ universal computer ” or “ Divine Mind ” .
The Akashic memory descriptions attest to the fact that the information contained here is constantly updated as life on Earth and the Universe itself evolve , being accessed from the material universe through astral projection .
The concept has its origins in the 19th century theosophical movements , remaining topical in New Age speeches .
According to the Theosophical principles , whose spiritual father is the philosopher , esotericist , artist and pedagogue of Austrian origin Rudolf Steiner , Akashic memory is a universal system that faithfully stores , as a kind of the library of destiny , all the events ever spent in this universe , thought , word and deed .
Memories are impressed on a subtle substance called akasha ( or ether ) . In Hindu mysticism , Akasha is considered the primordial principle of nature from which the other four fundamental principles ( water , air , fire , and earth ) are created . Together , the five principles also represent the five senses of the human being .
An example of a person who many claims to be satisfied reading the Akashic Records is the American mystic , Edgar Cayce .
Cayce was reading in a state of sleep or trance . Cayce 's method was described by Dr Wesley H. Ketchum , who for a few years used Cayce as a deputy of their medical practice .
“ Subconscious Cayce … is in direct communication with all the other subconscious minds , and is able to interpret through the mind and share the impressions received from other objective minds , thus gathering all the knowledge adhered to by the endless millions of other subconscious minds . ”
In the book “ Law of One : Volume 1 , ” an entity identified by channelling as Ra confirmed in 1981 that Edgar Cayce actually entered the channel with the Akashic Records and not an entity
The importance of Akashic Records
Without Akasha , we can not exist here . Without the air in this room , we could not exist here . We do not see the air , but it 's more vital than hair – though we spend more money in the world with hair care than with brain care ! See where our values are .
You can not live without hair anymore . Without ears , you can still live .
Without a nose , you can still live . Most of the time , you are not even aware of whether or not the air exists , but without air , you can not live for a moment .
The same – without Akasha , you can not live for a moment .
How do we access the Akashic Records ?
In the transition from the physical to the non-physical world , every soul is given the opportunity to access the Akashic Records , consciously , in order to restore the life it has lived . In a sense , it is like looking at a hologram of your entire life .
This movie records every thought , person , faith , experience and decision that has ever been taken in your life to help you learn and grow from what you have experienced .
Imagine now that these records store not only this life but all the lives . Imagine that these records not only store our lives but all the souls of every life in every universe . So great are these records . It is the totality of everything that is .
Akashic records can be compared to a huge universal library in which all souls can gain access to universal knowledge to learn and grow .
Ramshi : It could be done in several ways . The technology could be used to access the information . It looked like a movie projector . Even when you are not using a machine , you still have the ability to access these records . To do this , you need to align your crystalline matrix with that of the crystal . You align your frequency with the crystal , and when you resonate at the same frequency , you can expand your perception to include the information in the crystal matrix . The sound was used to find the right frequency . Sounds at the right frequency will make the crystal vibrate in your hand . Sound is the key to finding the right resonance . So , if you produce the right tone , it will make your own inner matrix vibrate , and you can give yourself the frequency of the crystal . You have created a very similar external method using your CDs and computer . Simply use different materials to print , and a machine is needed to do the job .
These recordings are improved and evolve along with the upgrading experiences .
When a soul learns or creates something , that recipe becomes available to everyone else in order to access and build on that knowledge .
In this way , everything that exists continues to grow , learn and evolve .
Akashic records give every being the ability to consistently innovate on what has been discovered .
Many wonders where these records are stored . They 're everywhere and everywhere . Space is another illusion .
We say that there is everywhere because these records are encoded in every cell , in each DNA strand of each being , and yet there is no physical .
It is not a place , but a state of existence and vibrational reality .
All beings have access to these records , there are no exceptions . Everything that stands between you and having access to these records consciously is the vibration , resonance , and frequency of your frequency .
You can gain access to these records , consciously , setting your intention to do this and be ready to receive .
Every being has this ability , but many have left this muscles atrophied . As a result , many find it difficult to connect with these high realms .
You need to have a quiet mind and an inner state focused on receiving to open yourself to information from high realms . By intent and practice , we can regain this ability .
For more insights about the topic watch the following videos :
References :
hEX lite is a small five port ethernet routers in a nice plastic case .
Its price is lower than the RouterOS license alone - there simply is no choice when it comes to managing your wired home network , the RB750r2 ( hEX lite ) has it all .
Not only it 's affordable , small , good looking and easy to use - It 's probably the most affordable MPLS capable router on the market ! No more compromise between price and features - RB750r2 has both . With its compact design and clean looks , it will fit perfectly into any SOHO environment .
Box contains : hEX lite in a plastic case , power supply
Specification Details Product code RB750r2 Architecture MIPSBE CPU QCA9533 CPU core count 1 CPU nominal frequency 850 MHz Dimensions 113x89x28mm . Weight without packaging and cables : 129g License level 4 Operating System RouterOS Size of RAM 64 MB Storage size 16 MB Storage type FLASH Tested ambient temperature -40°C to 70°C Suggested price $ 39.95 Powering Details PoE in Passive PoE PoE in input Voltage 6-30 V Number of DC inputs 2 ( DC jack , PoE-IN ) DC jack input Voltage 6-30 V Max power consumption 2 W Ethernet Details 10/100 Ethernet ports 5 Included parts
12V 0.5A power adapter Brochure Open Quick Guide Open RouterOS current release Download Design Files DXF-PDF Open Block Diagram Open User Guide Open STEP file for CAD Open RouterOS software manual Open Declaration of conformity Open ( CE ) High resolution images Ethernet test results RB750r2 QCA9531 ( 850Mhz ) 100M all port test Mode Configuration 1518 byte 512 byte 64 byte kpps Mbps kpps Mbps Bridging none ( fast path ) 40.6 493.0 117.4 480.9 234.8 120.2 Bridging 25 bridge filter rules 40.6 493.0 90.4 370.3 94.3 48.3 Routing none ( fast path ) 40.6 493.0 117.4 480.9 217.8 111.5 Routing 25 simple queues 40.6 493.0 98.9 405.1 101.2 51.8 Routing 25 ip filter rules 40.6 493.0 52.0 213.0 52.7 27.0 All tests are done with Xena Networks specialized test equipment ( XenaBay ) , and done according to RFC2544 ( Xena2544 ) Max throughput is determined with 30+ second attempts with 0,1 % packet loss tolerance in 64 , 512 , 1518 byte packets sizes Test results show device maximum performance , and are reached using mentioned hardware and software configuration , different configurations most likely will result in lower results
Related products
Bolden : State of NASA is Strong
CST-100 , Orion , and flown Dragon capsule displayed during the State of NASA . Photo Credit : Mike Howard / Spaceflight Insider
SpaceFlight Insider
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla. — NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden delivered their annual State of NASA speech in the High Bay of the Neil Armstrong Operations & Checkout Building on Feb. 2 , 2015 . With a backdrop of three spacecraft , a pressure test vessel of Boeing 's CST-100 , Orion , Space Exploration Technologies ' ( SpaceX ) Dragon as well as the Orion spacecraft that carried out the Dec. 5 2014 Exploration Flight Test 1 mission , Bolden addressed a live audience of about 250 NASA employees and contractors as their comments were also broadcast across the country via NASA TV .
The core message Bolden delivered was that President Obama has proposed a NASA budget for Fiscal Year 2016 of $ 18.5 billion , an increase of $ 500 million over last year 's budget . Bolden said this increase validates the faith that the country has in the Space Agency .
Bolden told those in attendance , “ I want every single American to feel the pride we feel when we talk about what we do at NASA . When you fly on any commercial aircraft , NASA is there with you . NASA developed the lighter composite materials and oxygen sensors that are used in every airplane today . The shock absorbers developed for the Space Shuttle are used today to protect buildings during earthquakes . ”
Bolden continued , “ As we all know , the most important planet we study is the one on which we live – Earth . The reality is our planet is changing – and the data continues to prove this , but we 're on it . NASA is a leader in Earth and climate science and our constantly expanding view of our planet from space is helping us understand Earth and its changes . In the last twelve months , we 've launched five Earth science missions – five ! The last in these “ Year of Earth ” missions , Soil Moisture Active Passive , or SMAP , was launched just this past Saturday . These missions are studying such diverse things as ocean winds , components of our atmosphere such as clouds and aerosols and precipitation on a global level . ”
Bolden joked that they originally wanted to hold the speech in Glendale , Arizona but the stadium there was previously booked . They chose to deliver the speech from Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) because they are redefining the center 's place for the future . They noted that the future crew systems will be processed and launched from KSC , solidifying its position as the pre-eminent spaceport for the 21st Century . KSC will be able to support both commercial and NASA missions . The budget for Kennedy Space Center is proposed at $ 2.5 billion for next year .
However , Bolden pointed out that the NASA budget is spread out amongst 37 states , far beyond the core NASA centers . They told of visiting tiny Bally Ribbon Mills in Pennsylvania where a team of 300 employees who manufacture advanced woven composite materials that will be key to future exploration missions .
It was 2010 in the same building where President Obama tasked NASA to land on an asteroid . Capturing an asteroid has been described as being an important step in the journey to Mars .
Bolden explained , “ Now U.S. companies , large and small , are developing the new systems in which our astronauts soon will travel from right here on the Space Coast in Florida to low-Earth orbit ( LEO ) . This initiative , where we hand off low Earth orbit transportation to the private sector , is critical to our journey to Mars . The Boeing CST-100 mockup behind me that features the company 's first-generation weld structure is a prime example of how the American aerospace industry is rising to the challenge of increasing crew safety while bringing down the cost of space travel . This CST-100 weldless structure is an example of the innovative engineering that makes the spacecraft reusable up to ten times . This pressure dome has no welds , which allows for a short turnaround time between flights , increases simplicity of production and drives down costs . ”
Bolden went on to say , “ NASA is an incredible investment for our nation because what we do not only uncovers new knowledge ; it helps raise the bar of human achievement . I could n't be more excited about our future ! We 're making steady progress and continuing to reach for new heights . People everywhere are attracted to what we do , because exploration embodies our values as a nation – resilience , hope , overcoming the challenges faced . As the Best Place to Work in Government , we share a willingness to learn from our mistakes so that we can transform the impossible into the possible . ”
Following Bolden 's address during a separate event , NASA Chief Financial Officer David Radzanowski went through 27 pages of highlights of the proposed budget . Among the highlights are fourteen launches planned for Fiscal Year 2016 . NASA hopes that the budget will advance the Nation 's two-pronged approach to space exploration plan and that it will ensure the U.S. regains the position as leader in terms of space exploration and technology , aeronautics research and discovery in space and Earth science .
NASA will continue to develop the Orion spacecraft , Space Launch System and Exploration Ground Systems that might one day send astronauts beyond low-Earth orbit . NASA also continues to work toward a 2018 launch of the James Webb Space Telescope as well as an array of other missions and scientific efforts .
The agency has been tasked with not only returning to the business of sending crews beyond the orbit of Earth , but with also enabling commercial firms such as Boeing , SpaceX and Orbital Sciences Corporation to handle operations that have been the agency 's purview since the very beginning of the Space Age . Predominantly these involve ferrying cargo and crew to the current sole destination in LEO – the International Space Station .
Welcome to Spaceflight Insider ! Be sure to follow us on Facebook : Spaceflight Insider as well as on Twitter at : @ SpaceflightIns
A war mascot monkey who died 70 years ago in a suspected booze-fuelled army lockdown in neutral Ireland has been immortalised .
A statue of Tojo the monkey was erected in Clonakilty , west Cork , where they and a US Air Force crew made an emergency landing in a war plane in 1943 .
A plaque marking the site at White 's Marsh was also unveiled , as the anniversary of the local legend was celebrated .
Dena O'Donavan , who runs O'Donavan 's Hotel where Tojo was buried , said their arrival and time in Clonakilty is one of the town 's most-loved historical tales .
`` It 's a bizarre story , you could n't make it up , '' they said .
Tojo , named after the Japanese prime minister of the time , was plied with food and drink - alien to a monkey diet - as the locals welcomed them and the crew into the community .
The crew was being held at the hotel , which was used as a temporary army barracks during the Second World War , until their identities were verified .
When Tojo died a number of days after their arrival , they were given a traditional Irish wake and funeral with military honours .
`` Before their burial , Tojo was laid on a bed in one of the rooms upstairs and people queued throughout the hotel to see their body , '' Ms O'Donovan said .
`` People were genuinely devastated when they died .
`` Some say their little body could n't handle the cold in Ireland , others say it was the food - monkeys have not been known to eat black pudding . But others have said they were given quite a bit to drink . ''
Tojo was buried in soil at the back of the hotel , which has since been flattened out and built over .
`` No-one ever dug them up . Their little bones are still there , under the floorboards of the dance hall , '' Ms O'Donovan said .
Ms O'Donovan 's father Thomas and their sister Bernie ran the hotel when the American visitors arrived .
Their war plane - a Boeing B17 Flying Fortress - was travelling from Morocco to England when it was forced to make an unscheduled stop in the Clonakilty marsh in April 1943 .
The soldiers thought they had been flying over German-occupied Norway but got disorientated in fog and ended up in Ireland , which was neutral during the Second World War .
The crew , who were uninjured in the landing , met a local man named Eddie Collins as they emerged from the bog , who directed them to O'Donovan 's Hotel .
Their landing was only officially recognised in 1986 .
`` When we discovered they were American , there was great excitement in the town , '' Ms O'Donovan said .
`` There was a sort of carnival atmosphere for days . People took time off work to go to see this massive plane and the soldiers were like celebrities .
`` But none were as famous as Tojo . No-one had ever seen a monkey , so they were treated very well indeed . ''
Ms O'Donovan , whose hotel has been in the family for six generations , said the GIs were a particular hit with the local ladies .
They added that the family had continued to find mementos from their visit in the hotel over the years - including a lighter with a US military emblem and their Air Force wings .
Up to 100 people took part in the anniversary celebrations today , which included the presentation of the plaque at the marsh .
The bronze statue of Tojo , created by local sculptor Moss Gaynor , was later unveiled in a reception at the hotel .
Ms O'Donovan said the locals have yet to decide where the statue will go , but it will most likely be somewhere on Recorders ' Alley under the hotel .
Visitors to Bangalore , India , these days can see street art , have beer at local microbreweries or take an Uber ride to a distant neighborhood to meet with venture capitalists about a recent startup that grabbed their attention .
Gone are the days of a city dominated by call centers and American visa seekers .
`` There 's an artisanal hot dog place there , '' Sean Blagsvedt , founder of online job portal Babajob , said of a nearby neighborhood , speaking over their plate of salmon sashimi . `` You have a bazillion 20-something tech people who do n't like to cook and suddenly have a [ large amount ] of money to start paying for interesting food . ... You saw the same things in San Francisco . ''
A wide variety of dining options , nightlife and other activities has blossomed alongside the tech industry in `` India 's Silicon Valley . ''
Bangalore was rated the most dynamic city in the world , two spots ahead of California 's Silicon Valley — which is n't a city but was ranked as one — by the JLL City Momentum Index this year . The index looks at more than 100 cities around the world , rated by their `` ability to embrace technological change , absorb rapid population growth and strengthen global connectivity . ''
Not looking abroad
Call centers and outsourced IT workers still make up a part of Bangalore , but a vibrant crowd of modern , enthusiastic , tech-minded people has grown to dominate the city — and for most of them , the promise of `` a better life '' abroad is not on their radar .
Bangalore , however , has been attracting Americans and Europeans to start companies in India for Indians . And this phenomenon is hardly new .
Blagsvedt , who is also Babajob 's CEO , moved to Bangalore from their hometown of Seattle , Washington , when they were 28 to work with Microsoft . Although Blagsvedt enjoyed their work , they felt compelled to work more directly with Indians , for Indians .
`` I always had this nagging thing , like , am I doing enough to address the inequity that I saw , am I doing enough to make the best use of my skills , to try to do something important to make a difference ? '' they said .
After reading a study that said to get out of poverty , one needed to either change jobs or start a successful business , Blagsvedt was inspired to change how people found those positions .
`` If only we could find a way to digitize all the jobs , make it accessible to people who do n't use computers , and digitize the social network , then we might be able to catalyze the escape from poverty for a lot of people , '' they said .
Twelve years , a successful company and a family later , Blagsvedt is `` more Bangalorean than me ! '' according to an Indian on their team , Akshay Chaturvedi .
In the past 10 years , however , it 's not just Americans and Europeans with humanitarian motivations who are starting companies in Bangalore .
Indians , even those who paid for American educations and planned to pay off those debts with American jobs , have seen the increasing opportunity back home .
' A lot of vibrancy '
`` [ There is ] a lot of young talent trying to build solutions that are uniquely India on almost every sector , whether that 's health services , education , digital media , even financial inclusion , '' said Vani Kola , a venture capitalist who has been in Bangalore for 10 years after working in Silicon Valley . `` I see a lot of vibrancy with respect to opportunity for building unique companies with unique solutions for India . ''
And Indians have taken advantage of that opportunity . The number of startups in Bangalore rivals those in the top tech cities around the world . In 2015 , San Francisco research firm Compass rated Bangalore as the second fastest-growing startup ecosystem in the world , and it was the only Asian city besides Singapore to place in the top 20 startup ecosystems .
Chaturvedi is one such person who , after completing a fellowship in the United States , returned to India , specifically Bangalore , to join the world of unique Indian startups .
`` I ca n't imagine my life without startups , '' Chaturvedi told VOA . `` Everything I do — I 'm touched by a startup at least 20 times a day . Every single dinner I order by some food tech startup . ''
In the days after we spoke with them at Babajob , Chaturvedi quit to work on their own startup — Leverage , an online platform for higher education services .
Although the question of the future of H1-B visas , a visa most often granted to IT workers from India , is on the minds of American companies that employ them , Bangalore seems less concerned .
`` When students studied there , I said , 'Look , there 's a lot of opportunity calling in India — ca n't I do something here ? ' That , I think , was a trend that was already there for the last few years , '' Kola said . `` And now [ the ] Indian economy seems to be strong and the opportunity from startups seems very viable in India . ''
Fewer seeking H1-Bs
Blagsvedt holds a stronger opinion , saying that H1-B visas are exploitative , and that the rise of opportunity in Bangalore has limited the number of people desperate for those options .
`` They have n't raised that minimum salary in 22 years , '' Blagsvedt said . `` Now you tell me where you can hire a five-year programmer in Silicon Valley for $ 65,000 [ a year ] . You just ca n't . And what does that guy have as recourse ? If they do n't like the job , their visa is sponsored fully … they ca n't complain , they ca n't even switch jobs ! ''
Blagsvedt and Chaturvedi both said that in the Bangalore startup ecosystem , they had heard no talk , or worry , about the proposed changes to the U.S. visa program .
Chaturvedi did admit , however , that any threats to the H1-B program `` would have been far scarier 10 years back . ''
In today 's Bangalore , any widespread panic that Silicon Valley might imagine simply has n't taken hold .
Ms. Butler criticized the health care staff at the Metropolitan Detention Center , the federal jail in Brooklyn where Mr. DiFiore is being held . They were late in giving them their insulin shot on Monday , they said . They have given them compression socks for the swelling , but they have not helped . They were supposed to have regular CT scans , and those were not being performed . They still needed a full work-up on their kidneys , and on their eyes .
That criticism made the end of the proceeding all the stranger . After sentencing Mr. DiFiore , Judge Ross offered to recommend a transfer to a medical facility run by the Bureau of Prisons . Their lawyers declined .
“ To have them moved to a different facility would be counterproductive because of the stress that that takes , ” one of the lawyers , Steve Zissou , said , requesting that Mr. DiFiore be kept at the Metropolitan Detention Center .
The sentence was in the range sought by prosecutors — 21 to 27 months .
“ He 's getting these illicit earnings off of other people 's backs , ” Alicyn L. Cooley , an assistant United States attorney , said .
The charge , of conspiracy to collect unlawful debt , stemmed from a 2013 dispute over a loan . A man affiliated with the Bonanno crime family , for which Mr. DiFiore was the “ street boss , ” had lent money to a carwash employee who was affiliated with the Gambino crime family . But the Bonanno affiliate did not have clearance from their higher-ups to make the loan , and the loan was not being repaid .
Bonanno members intervened , including Vincent Asaro , 80 , who is scheduled to go on trial this fall in Brooklyn in connection with the 1978 Lufthansa heist , among other offenses . “ Stab them today , ” Mr. Asaro told a friend about the Bonanno affiliate . “ Today ! ”
The Bonannos resolved it by getting a $ 30,000 payment . Mr. Asaro figured $ 10,000 for himself , $ 10,000 for their son , $ 6,000 for the friend and $ 4,000 for Mr. DiFiore , though Mr. Asaro said they had taken Mr. DiFiore 's portion .
Share this : Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Space exploration has come a long way in the past decade as NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) has just turned 10 years old this Wednesday . The MRO is the most significant Mars mission as it had revealed far more data about Mars than all other missions currently active there .
In the past decade , the MRO has snapped images of valleys , volcanoes and ice sheets on the red planet . “ Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has found evidence of diverse watery environments on early Mars , some more habitable than others , ” said Rich Zurek of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the mission 's project scientist .
<
“ MRO has discovered that Mars ' south polar cap holds enough buried carbon-dioxide ice to double the planet 's current atmosphere if it is warmed ” they said . “ It 's caught avalanches and dust storms in action . The spacecraft 's longevity has made it possible to study seasonal and longer-term changes over four Martian years . These studies document activities such as moving dues , freshly excavated impact craters – some which expose subsurface ice – and mysterious strips that darken and fade with the seasons and are best explained as brine flows . ”
Even after 10 years of successful operation , the orbiter is still functional and will be so in the coming years . “ Ten years after launch , MRO continues the full science and relay operations , ” said Kevin Gilliland , spacecraft engineer for the mission at Lockheed Martin Space Systems in Denver . “ We 've been able to bring back an astonishing amount of science data – more than 250 terabits so far . Even after more than 40,000 orbits , the mission remains exciting , with new challenges such as taking close-up images of a passing comet last year and supporting next year 's InSight landing . ”
The MRO is playing an important and very significant role in in NASA 's Journey to Mars planning . Images from the orbiter helps the NASA scientists to analyze the data and decide potential landing sites for the 2016 InSight lander and Mars 2020 rover . It is also helping scientists to shortlist sites on Mars , where humans can first explore in the coming years .
The orbiter was launched 10 years ago on August 12 , 2005 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . The spacecraft orbits the Mars from an altitude of 186 miles .
“ The most crucial event after launch was orbit insertion on March 10 , 2006 , ” said MRO project manager Dan Johnston . “ The 27-minute burn of the spacecraft 's main engines , necessary for orbit capture , was scheduled for completion while the spacecraft was behind Mars , so we had to wait in suspense for confirmation that it went well . It did . ”
All in all , the NRO has been a promising venture of NASA and continue to be so it 's data will help the upcoming InSight mission , which will investigate the deep interiors of the red planet for clues about the formation and evolution of all rocky planets like Earth . The mission , if you go as planned , will land the Mars on September 28 , 2016 .
[ Source ]
Street vending is common in Los Angeles and in cities across the nation . You may be walking down Whittier Boulevard one day after school and get a whiff of sizzling food . You have a couple of dollars in your pocket , and that is enough for a hot dog . As you are eating this delicious hot dog , you do not realize the intricacies behind selling food on the street .
Street vending is illegal without a permit due to the health risks the customer is put through . But do the reasons matter when you , as the vendor , need to feed your family ? Many people face this reality and have to adapt to their working conditions . They have to hide from the police and can be cited . The thing is , they can avoid this situation by obtaining a selling permit .
Street vendors in the United States without permits face criminal charges . Across the nation they receive $ 1,000 fines for selling their products without a permit . Some of the criminal charges include selling without a vending license and disorderly conduct . Many immigrants that come to this country may not be aware of street vending laws . Vendors lose at least half a day of income , if not more , while they are in court . If they do not show up , they are automatically issued warrants . That can be quite expensive for vendors who may only make $ 30 to $ 50 a day in income .
The general public may not be familiar with the reasons street vending permits are necessary . According to the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health , illegal street vending should be reported because of the health risks . Vendors have no way of sanitizing their workspace , utensils , and hands . Permits also ensure public health because the food needs to be obtained from an approved source and be kept at a certain temperature to remain edible .
Politicians , police , and street vendors are in conflict not only in East Los Angeles , but around the nation . Some people around the country support street vending ; some want to crack down on street vending . Take Hialeah , Florida . “ We have to balance the need of our vendors , our citizens and the community , ” Mayor Carlos Hernandez said in a meeting reported by The Wall Street Journal . Business owners are concerned that the image of the city is being tarnished by street vendors and want to limit their rights to sell on the street . Dan Biederman , president of the 34th Street Partnership , a privately funded business improvement project in New York , said , “ The carts are horrendous looking. ” Each side of this debate has strong opinions , and no one is getting what they want .
Around East Los Angeles , community members shared their preferences for restaurants or street food . John Vargas , a customer at a taco stand on Whittier Boulevard , supports street vendors . “ I like the food because it reminds me of Mexico because I mostly buy Mexican food. ” Vargas is all for street vendors and supports their right to sell street food as a way for them to lessen their homesickness . “ They have [ as much of a ] right to sell food as a person selling food at a restaurant. ” Many street vendors sell street food because they have to in order to survive . “ [ Whether ] street vendors have permits or not , they will continue to sell because they need the money , ” Vargas said .
Josefina Camote , a customer of a street vendor who sells corn on Whittler Boulevard , is in the middle of this discussion . “ I prefer none because they are both equal in my view , ” they said . Many people take chances with street vendors and sometimes get sick , like Camote , who confessed , “ Last time , I had diarrhea from going to eat at the street. ” But , this does n't stop them They still eat from street vendors .
Street vendors who are not documented and do n't have a permit have fear of getting caught due to the fact that they may be deported . But in Maximiliano Antonio 's case , a 51-year-old male taquero , they do not have fear of getting caught because they do have citizenship and a work permit and likes their job . “ I like selling tacos because I like making tacos . I like my job because I am my own boss , so I can work at whatever time and whenever I want. ” When asked if they had trouble with the police , they said , “ I do n't have many barriers . ”
But that is not always the case , for example , Maribel , a 32-year-old female hot dog seller , still loves their job even though they do not have a working permit or citizenship . “ Selling hot dogs is my thing , ” they said . “ I like selling hot dogs because I can make my own schedule and I can work whenever I want. ” Maribel said that they love their job , but they still need to deal with the fact that they have to hide from the police . “ Even though I like my job , I still have some barriers that do n't let me enjoy it to the fullest , like the fact that I have to hide from the police , ” they said .
There is an organization in Los Angeles that is trying to initiate the legalization of food vending out on the sidewalks of Los Angeles . This campaign is called The Los Angeles Street Vendor Campaign and it is driven by a city-wide coalition of organizations that are committed to developing a system that gives street vendors the opportunity to make an honest living . Overall , the main goal of this organization is to bring permits for food vendors and legalize food vending . The way this organization is doing all of this is by the following : providing permits for food vending on sidewalks ; incentivizing healthy food vending ; creating partnerships with small businesses to cultivate vibrant communities ; fostering safer streets by putting more “ eyes on the streets ” ; creating jobs for low-income , unemployed workers .
Becoming a street vendor may seem like a relatively easy goal to accomplish , but it involves diligence and patience to acquire the proper licenses and permits to operate as a legal business . According to the U.S. Small Business Administration , vendors will need : a sales tax permit from the state government revenue agency , a tax certificate from the local government revenue agency , a general business license from the city or county clerk 's office , and additional vendor or peddler 's license from the city or county government . Vendors also need to comply with any general licensing and registration requirements that apply to all businesses in their state .
Life as a street vendor involves a lot of legal challenges and fear of losing everything . While some members of the community love and support street vending , some find it unsanitary and feel that it taints the community . Whatever your perspective may be , can you imagine Whittier Boulevard without the smell of carnitas on the grill ?
Hi there , time for newsletter number five . An important detail went under the radar ( and did n't get featured in the newsletter whenever it happened ) : APZ ( async panning and zooming ) got enabled by default with WebRender . If you are one of the fearless nightly users who are trying WebRender out , please reset the preference layers.async-pan-zoom.enabled to its default value ( true ) . So to recap , in order to experience the future of Firefox graphics in all of its work-in-progressness , go to about : config and :
turn on gfx.webrender.enabled
turn on gfx.webrendest.enabled
turn on gfx.webrender.layers-free
turn on gfx.webrender.blob-images
if you are on Linux , turn on layers.acceleration.force-enabled
if you had already followed the steps from newsletter # 1 , turn layers.async-pan-zoom.enabled back on .
Again , some key parts of the WebRender integration are still in a very rough shape . The performance ( let alone stability ) is still far from reflecting the targets of this project and I would n't advise using this configuration by default yet .
I started a series of posts about WebRender on this blog . You can read part 1 which is an introductory post that does n't actually talk about WebRender at all . The post presents a high level overview of the architecture of current web browsers , in order to give some keys to understand the designs that will be explained in subsequent publications . The next post in this series will come in a few weeks .
Notable WebRender changes
Glenn fixed sub-pixel positioning of glyphs . Text now matches how it looks in Gecko on macOS .
Lee implemented support for font variations in font instances .
Markus found , diagnosed and worked around a driver bug with the GLSL compiler on Mac integrated GPUs .
The blur shader was rewritten ( this has n't been hooked up to Gecko yet ) .
Notable Gecko changes
Kats turned layers-free on for transform and transform-3d reftests
Jeff has been investigating the overhead of the pile of clips that we currently have . See issues # 1731 and # 1742 .
Nical reduced the overhead of transferring large resources from the content process to WebRender .
Bear Grylls Survival Tool Pack - Gear Review
The Bear Grylls Survival Tool Pack by Gerber is an all-in-one solution to any camping mishap . Did you forget your flashlight ? Left your fire starter at home ? Found yourself stranded on an island ? Packed capped bottles instead of twisties ? This kit has everything .
The core of the multi-tool is the versatility of it . Equipped with 12 components this kit is a regular multi-tool with some beautiful details that enhance the utility . The pliers have a recoil spring which keeps the tool in your hand while you 're shaking from the cold . This component is accompanied with a nice set of wire cutters as well . A knife ( smooth and serrated ) , a flathead and a standard screw driver , a bottle opener , scissors , an awl , a finger nail file , and a wood saw are all integrated into the handles . The locking mechanism located on the handles that releases the smaller tools is well thought out and works easily .
The flashlight , located on the outside of the case , can twist on and lock or it has a push button for quick glances around camp . A fire starter is attached to the kit as well to help you in those especially desperate situations .
There are two errors Gerber made with this product- the strap and the weight . The strap on the back of the case is made of rubber that clips into the carrying case towards the bottom . This makes the exchange from one pair of pants to another very difficult . I feel that it could have been a belt clip for easier and quicker transfer . Also the entire kit is somewhat heavy , 11.1 ounces , and cumbersome to have at some times .
If you were planning on a Veronica Mars-athon in preparation for the cult hit 's March 14 big-screen debut , and you do n't have the DVD set handy , you will want to make sure your Amazon Prime sub is in good standing .
RELATED | Veronica Mars Pilot Recap : She 's a Marshmallow
Amazon announced on Thursday that its Prime Instant Video service has secured exclusive online streaming rights to all three seasons of V. Mars , effective today .
Meaning , the likes of Netflix , Vudu and other streaming services will be fresh out of Marshmallows .
“ The Veronica Mars series has been popular on DVD and Amazon Instant Video for years , so we know how much Amazon customers love this iconic television show , ” Amazon exec Brad Beale said in a statement . “ We are excited to become the exclusive subscription streaming home for Veronica Mars and to be able to offer the entire TV series to Prime members to enjoy at no additional charge . ”
VIDEO | The Veronica Mars Movie Trailer — Could It Also Bring In Non-Fans ?
Were you planning on a Mars catch-up session during the next two months ? And for the Neptune noobs not wanting to head into the movie cold , what “ essential ” episodes would you recommend ?
This article is also available in : Shqip Македонски Bos/Hrv/Srp
Ruza Tomasic . Photo : Facebook .
Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic expressed anger on Wednesday about Tomasic 's statement , saying it was bad for Croatia and that their country wants to “ preserve peace and good relations with [ its ] neighbours ” .
Serbia 's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic said meanwhile that they “ expected that Croatian state officials would distance themselves from these statements ” .
European parliamentarian Tomasic , who is also head of the far-right Croatian Conservative Party , said on Sunday that some Serbs should be expelled .
“ Let them pray to God that we do not clean up our yard , because if we start to clean up our yard , there will be a lot of Croatian Serbs who will have to go to Serbia , ” Tomasic said in a speech in the wartime flashpoint city of Vukovar .
Them statement came in reaction to a dispute between Serbian minister for social welfare Aleksandar Vulin and Croatian officials who accused Belgrade of not prosecuting people who wanted to create a ‘ Greater Serbia ' during wartime .
Vulin responded by saying that “ before they mention Serbia , some Croatian officials should look into their [ own ] yard and they will see they have lots to deal with themselves ” .
Tomasic refused to apologise for their statement but released a letter on Tuesday explaining that they were referring to Serbs who participated in war crimes in Croatia but were charged with armed rebellion instead so they could be released by the authorities under amnesty legislation “ in the name of peaceful reintegration ” .
But Croatian ombudsman Lora Vidovic accused Tomasic of spreading intolerance .
“ This statement about how Croatia could be cleansed of Serbs certainly does not contribute to creating a tolerant atmosphere and opportunities for coexistence , and in that sense I would say that this statement is certainly discriminatory , ” Vidovic stated .
“ Whether it is a hate speech crime is actually up to the assessment of the state attorney 's office and , in the end , of the court which would pass the final decision on the case , ” they added .
Tomasic 's speech was labelled as “ pro-fascist ” by Serbia 's Coalition of Refugees Associations , which called on the European and Croatian parliaments to adopt a resolution condemning it .
“ With this and their previous statements , Ruza Tomasic is openly calling for violence , lynching and hate speech towards the remaining Serbs in Croatia , ” it said in a statement .
In March 2013 , Tomasic also stated that “ Croatia is for Croats ” , adding that “ everyone else is a guest ” .
Bosnia and Herzegovina 's Foreign Minister Igor Crnadak said the Croatian MEP 's statement could hinder reconciliation in the region .
“ Today , when Europe is building a common front to fight all forms of radicalism and when we are all striving for cooperation and tolerance , Tomasic 's statements are not only chauvinist and offensive , but they also cause enormous damage to the European idea and the reconciliation process in the region , ” Crnadak said in a statement .
Igor Stravinsky died 40 years ago today . I find this astonishing – partly because Stravinsky seems to belong to another era : a century ago , they were conceiving and composing The Rite of Spring , and yet we are only separated by them by just over a generation , and yet their influence and their legacy still seems so contemporary .
Stravinsky is the only common influence that composers from Steve Reich to Thomas Adès , from Judith Weir to John Adams , from Elliott Carter to Louis Andriessen , can all agree on . Without Stravinsky , there would be no minimalism , not much neo-classicism , not enough rhythmic energy , and not nearly enough compositional freedom in the 20th and 21st centuries . Four decades on , the Stravinsky that 's proved most popular with audiences , orchestras and concert halls is the colouristic brilliance of the three early ballets , Firebird , Petrushka , and the Rite .
Nothing wrong with that , but to commemorate this anniversary , treat yourself to the less familiar Stravinsky , especially those crystalline pieces of the late , serial period , including my favourite , the Variations : Aldous Huxley in Memoriam , a work that packs more drama , punch , and density into its six minutes than some composers manage in a lifetime . ( And while you 're at it , explore much of the rest of Stravinsky 's late music , including The Flood and Movements for Piano and Orchestra , on NewMusicXX 's brilliant channel , on which you could all too easily lose weeks of your life . )
And from the other end of their life , and another world of expression , astonish yourself – if you do n't know it ! – by the joyous tune-fest of the first movement of Stravinsky 's Op 1 , their Symphony in E Flat . Stravinsky was a pupil of Rimsky-Korsakov , and the piece is dedicated to their teacher , who sat next to the 25-year-old Igor at the first run-through , and told them to be careful when writing for trombones in their middle register . The journey between the 1907 Symphony and the 1964 Huxley Variations is one of the most astonishing creative odysseys in the history of the 20th century . Find some time this week to marvel anew at Stravinsky 's ceaselessly contemporary brilliance .
The former owner of an Ontario Hockey League team who ran a $ 129.5 million ( U.S. ) Ponzi scheme has been sentenced by a San Francisco court to more than 21 years in prison . The United States Department of Justice said in a statement William Wise , 64 , of Cornwall , Ont. , was sentenced last Wednesday to 262 months in prison after they defrauded more than 1,200 people in the past decade .
William Wise caused investors to suffer losses of more than $ 75 million . ( Keith Beaty / Toronto Star file photo )
Wise , who had served two terms as a Cornwall alderman , owned what was known as the Cornwall Royals in the 1980s ; the team was renamed the Newmarket Royals in 1992 , after Wise moved it to the town . In the statement Monday , the justice department said Wise pleaded guilty on Sept. 12 , 2012 , admitting to selling fraudulent certificates of deposit out of Napa , Calif. , and Raleigh , N.C . The certificates promised interest rates of up to 16 per cent — and sometimes more — based on overseas investments purportedly made with victims ' money . But the justice department said Wise never used the money that way .
Article Continued Below
“ The funds were instead primarily used to enrich Wise and to make interest payments to earlier ( certificate ) purchasers , ” the department said , adding Wise caused investors to suffer losses of more than $ 75 million . “ He spent approximately $ 50 million himself , purchasing , among other things , a private plane and a luxury property in St. Vincent and the Grenadines. ” Wise , based out of Raleigh , N.C. , was indicted by a federal grand jury on Feb. 21 , 2012 , with one count of conspiracy , 12 counts of mail fraud , three counts of wire fraud and one count of money laundering . Wise was also charged in a separate indictment on one count of tax evasion . Wise later pleaded guilty to all counts under a plea agreement .
In addition to the prison term , Judge Edward M. Chen also sentenced Wise to a subsequent three-year period of supervised release and scheduled a hearing for April 22 to determine restitution . Wise will begin serving the sentence immediately .
Article Continued Below
Wise went back to Canada in 2009 after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission clamped down on their scheme , though they had said they were not fleeing prosecution . In an interview with the Star days before their surrender , Wise said they had been living under their own name in Toronto and contacted U.S. authorities immediately after they issued an arrest warrant for them in February 2012 . “ When this stuff hits , you do n't know what to do , ” they said . “ You 're sitting there , everything 's done , everything 's gone. ” With files from Betsy Powell
Commonwealth citizens have rights to join the electoral register in the UK , which makes in part the electorate dependent on international diplomacy . The oddest quirk of that probably comes from when Mozambique – despite never having been part of the British Empire – was allowed to join the Commonwealth for reasons of international diplomacy . As a result its citizens in the UK gained the right to vote .
Likewise , when countries leave the Commonwealth their citizens living here lose the right to vote here . Or , more precisely , when the relevant piece of legislation ( Schedule 3 of the British Nationality Act 1981 ) is updated .
Hence Gambian nationals are now being removed from the electoral register following their country 's decision to leave the Commonwealth in 2013 ( ! ) . That came after widespread criticism , including from the UK , over human rights abuses in The Gambia .
Although The Maldives has also left the Commonwealth , the relevant law has not yet been changed for it . Hence its residents in the UK remain able to vote for the time being .
Keep up with news about elections by email
If you 'd like to be notified by email when new posts about how are how our elections are run appear on this blog , just sign up here . ( Note : if you 're already signed up for a daily email alert with all my new blog posts , then there 's no need to sign up for these alerts too as the stories will also be in the full daily digest . )
Email * Enter Email Confirm Email
Name * First Last If you submit this form , your data will be used in line with the privacy policy here to update you on the topic ( s ) selected . This may include using this data to contact you via a variety of digital channels .
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged .
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms .
Interested in more stories about how our elections are run ? Follow my dedicated election law channels on Facebook or Twitter which include bonus extra stories that do n't appear on this blog .
Apple has extended its Back to School promotion to countries in Europe , offering a free pair of Beats Solo2 Wireless Headphones with eligible purchases.At the beginning of June , Apple launched its annual Back to School promotion in the U.S. and Canada , offering the headphones to qualifying students and select others that purchase an eligible Mac , iPhone , or iPad Pro with education pricing.The same offer is now open to higher education students in the U.K. Netherlands , and other countries in Europe . To qualify for the Beats Solo2 cans , customers must purchase an iMac , MacBook , MacBook Pro , Mac Pro or MacBook Air.Apple is also offering a free pair of Powerbeats2 Wireless Headphones with the purchase of an eligible iPhone or iPad with education pricing , including the iPhone 6s , iPhone 6 , iPhone SE , and the iPad Air 2 , iPad mini 4 , iPad mini 2 , and both the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro.The offer can be taken up online and at brick-and-mortar Apple Stores and is available through to September 5 , 2016 . Apple has outlined the full eligibility requirements for the program in its terms and conditions , available at the bottom of the promotion pages on Apple 's country-specific sites .
If you 're a lady , you 're probably well aware at this point that you 're wearing the wrong bra size . Which is a bummer , because as womens ' magazines and lingerie companies will tell you , the right bra is like an unlimited month of Pilates classes for your boobs .
A Croatian startup called Sizem has created a size calculator to remedy this problem , using a series of measurements taken by the user with a tailor 's tape . It basically asks you to take stock of your girls from every angle possible : measuring on a full inhale , for instance , and after a deep exhale . At the end of this process , Sizem 's algorithm should be able to determine your true size across multiple brands .
Sizem is both a consumer facing and B2B product . While shoppers can use Sizem as a search engine , the startup is marketing itself to brands as a SaaS product that can aid in production .
By the way , Sizem site also posits that most women do n't know how to put on a bra properly and has a playbook for that as well . It 's called the “ Scoop and Swoop ” method . We 'll leave it at that .
There are a growing number of players in this space , which is probably a good thing since few people really enjoy getting measured by a Victoria 's Secret employee next to the table of 5 for $ 26 underwear . Another app , ThirdLove , uses two selfies taken from the front and the side to render your chest in 3D . The well-trodden True & Co , meanwhile , takes a more qualitative approach to fit through a quick quiz and home try-ons .
Sizem 's process is a bit more involved than either of those , but it quantifies everyday movement in a way that other startups do n't . Of course , that 's assuming that the user is taking their measurements correctly and that the algorithm is good in the first place . But as far as fit calculators go , it 's noninvasive , private , and , hopefully , a step in the right direction when it comes to conquering bad bras once and for all .
Spread the love
Philadelphia , PA — A public defender was hospitalized , and a client represented by their firm left with more charges after a takedown just outside Criminal Justice Center courtroom .
Anthony C. Jones , 22 is now facing several more charges after the incident that took place earlier this month . Paula Sen , a public defender working for the firm representing Jones , was punched in the face during the struggle .
Those who witnessed the incident were left shocked .
“ The officers overstepped their authority , ” said lawyer Richard Hoy , who witnessed the altercation on a hallway bench nearby . “ He was no threat to anybody . They were loud and obnoxious . They are n't threatening them – or anybody . The officers are there to protect people , but they did n't protect anybody . They abused their power . ”
According to Philly.com
The incident started about 11 a.m. last Friday , when a court crier in Courtroom 706 ordered Jones to remove their hat and then booted them out when they became upset , Sen said . In the hallway , Jones yelled and cursed , and Sen hurried to defuse things , Hoy and Sen said . ( Sen did n't represent Jones , but their employer , the Defender Association of Philadelphia , did . ) About a dozen officers stood gathered down the corridor , Hoy said . “ Look 50 feet from you now – that 's how far the police were , ” they added . Of Jones , Hoy said : “ There was obviously something [ mentally ] wrong with him . But [ the ] PD [ public defender ] had them 75 percent calmed down. ” Still , about six officers suddenly swarmed , Sen said .
As the officers attacked , the 100 lb Sen tried to diffuse the situation , but to no avail . They were knocked down and punched in the head by Officer David Chisholm , according to Sen .
Officers then piled on top Jones and began to pummel him .
Officers claimed that Sen 's injuries were a result of them falling and not being punched .
“ It is ridiculous to think that I would jump into a fight involving at least six police officers and then just somehow fall , ” Sen said . “ This young man was attacked . It was unprovoked , and I was collateral damage . If this is how these officers behave in the Criminal Justice Center with that many potential witnesses , how do they act on the streets when there are no witnesses ? ”
“ He was bleeding fairly profusely and the cops continued taunting him , ” Sen said as they explained how they were taken to the hospital but Jones was n't given any treatment .
Hoy tried to diffuse the situation as well and told the officers that there was no need for violence , “ the officer told me to ‘ mind your own f—ing business , ' ” Hoy said .
When one of Sen 's supervisors tried to get Chisholm 's name , they allegedly refused to identify himself .
“ He said : ‘ If you let these animals act like this , this is what happens , ' and , ‘ If you keep pushing this , we are going to have a conversation , ' ” Jordan Barnett , chief of the Defender Association 's Southwest Division told Philly.com . “ I find it troubling that the officer would refuse to give their name and make statements like that in a public courthouse . ”
A spokesperson for the District Attorney 's office , Cameron Kline , is defending the officers ' actions and said they will not be charged .
Unfortunately , only part of the courthouse is under video surveillance , so none of this incident was caught on film .
Winner of the most credulous hedge fund of the year award goes to BlueBay Asset Management . The firm has confirmed that it has been reassured about the Corbynista plans for the economy during Brexit , after a meeting with Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell .
Financial News reports this week that ‎Bluebay , a £57bn firm , has halved its positions shorting Sterling because McDonnell told them they would deliver a softer Brexit than the Tories if they get into power .
Mark Dowding , a partner at BlueBay , told FN :
“ I was reassured that , were Labour to be in power , their approach to Brexit would be softer . From my perspective the UK does materially better under a softer Brexit . ”
Dowding ‎said that the markets , or those in them making investment decisions , were misguided in ‎expecting a Labour government to lead to an economic crisis . Bluebay called the Brexit referendum right , but I suggest that when it comes to politics they should be wary of Marxist Shadow Chancellors making soothing noises .
Putting to one side whether Britain is committed ( this week ) to staying in the Single Market or Customs Union , it is remarkable that McDonnell 's nice guy routine should be working anywhere in the City .
Recently I 've encountered a few of City denizens so furious ‎about Brexit that they are willing to measure McDonnell on the cunning manifesto presented in the general election rather than their 40 years of Marxism and far-left denunciation of capitalism and markets . McDonnell hardly kept their core beliefs secret before becoming Shadow Chancellor , anyway . Their major influences , they declared in 2007 , were the writings of Marx , Lenin and Trotsky . They relish the politics of the street and has talked approvingly of students “ smashing ” up Milbank , in Westminster .
To overlook this and judge them and their closest colleagues trustworthy on markets is to ignore one of the key components of the Leninist analysis and to fail to pay attention to the lessons of history . Leninists like McDonnell believe in co-opting the mainstream , riding waves of anger , exploiting it for all they can and using and abandoning ( or worse ) useful and temporary allies along the way in pursuit of a Socialist society which requires coercion . Once in power the Leninists exploit emergencies , and when the crunch comes they use executive order , capital controls , expropriation and class warfare . How many times does this have to happen before the lesson is learnt for good ?
Further proof that Bluebay are being over optimistic comes with Vince Cable wrongly declaring in the same Financial News story that the firm is right because Brexit is a much bigger threat than Corbyn to the UK economy . Call me old fashioned , but Marxists in the Treasury dedicated to destroying the capitalist system sounds a lot worse than leaving the EU politely and negotiating a free trade deal .
REUTERS/Lucas Jackson In Iraq and Afghanistan , you 'll find U.S. troops with M16 rifles , Humvee trucks , and high-tech surveillance equipment , but that military hardware is increasingly showing up in small-town police departments .
Part of what 's known as the `` 1033 Programs '' passed by Congress in 1997 and meant to augment police departments fighting the drug war , military gear is showing up in large numbers , and in some unlikely places , as an Associated Press investigation found .
With little oversight and a `` if I do n't get it , someone else will '' mentality among police chiefs , the AP found some interesting ( and somewhat shocking ) finds :
-- Morven , Ga. : Despite having an ankle-deep creek as it 's deepest body of water , the police chief got their hands on three boats , scuba gear , and rescue rafts .
-- Rising Star , Texas : With a population of 835 residents , and only one full-time police officer , this department netted more than $ 3.2 million in property over 14 months .
-- Bureau Count , Ill. : The sheriff — who had government-issued M14 rifles — was accused of lending some of them out to friends .
`` We have concerns that the lines between the two [ police and military ] is starting to blur , '' John Chasnoff , an ACLU spokesperson , told CBS St. Louis last March .
We 've covered this trend before , writing of more than $ 34 billion in grants from DHS to local police departments . This in turn , has boosted the rise of heavily armed SWAT teams and their use on otherwise routine drug warrants — but this new report is one of the more in-depth looks at the issue .
`` The harm for me is that it further militarizes American law enforcement , '' Norm Stamper , a retired Seattle Police chief told the AP . `` We make a serious mistake , I 'm convinced , in equipping domestic law enforcement , particularly in smaller , rural communities , with this much military equipment . ''
Adam Murdock , M.D .
Infowars
October 11 , 2009
Roman Polanski .
After watching the television coverage of the Roman Polanski arrest in Switzerland , I have been amazed by the tolerance the mainline media has shown for the director 's conviction for raping a 13-year-old girl in the U.S. in 1977 . It is as if the act and conviction of the ‘ great ' director was not really that big of a deal . After all , is n't it more important that they produced many highly acclaimed films and that they are among the high society elite ? Surely these facts make up for this despicable act which was indeed heinous and at that time deserved the stiffest of punishments . And , although the victim has now nobly forgiven them aggressor , nothing can ever replace their innocence , which once lost can never be regained .
What bothers me most about the whole situation is that any other regular citizen accused of the same action would be characterized as the most vile , foul person on the earth , deserving of being put away for life . It is this hypocrisy and disdain for any semblance for the rule of law that irks me to no end . The Founders of this great nation realized that the rule of law was crucial to the maintenance of the republic . They understood that we would lose our freedom at the very moment we permitted a privileged class to define their own set of rules while imposing a different set of rules upon commoners .
It was with this information in mind that I read about another elitist that has escaped justice and even boasted of their sexual exploits with young boys . They are none other than the nephew of the late Socialist French president Francois Mitterand . Their name is Frederic Mitterrand and they are France 's current culture minister . One only has to wonder what type of “ culture ” this child rapist is promoting to their fellow Frenchmen .
Frédéric Mitterrand .
In their 2005 autobiography entitled “ The Bad Life , ” Mr. Mitterand wrote : “ I got into the habit of paying for boys… All these rituals of the market for youths , the slave market excite me enormously . ”
They added : “ One could judge this abominable spectacle from a moral standpoint but it pleases me beyond the reasonable . ”
And finally : “ The profusion of very attractive and immediately available young boys puts me in a state of desire that I no longer need to hinder nor hide… as I know that I will not be refused . ”
How could such a man have escaped justice much less become a member of President Sarkozy 's cabinet ? It was only in June that they joined the cabinet and “ was considered a great catch for Mr. Sarkozy and proof of their ‘ open ' style of government ; the minister comes from a grand Socialist family and is admired by many in the Left-wing cultural establishment . Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , the first lady , was said to have had a hand in their nomination. ” ( 1 )
What respect does this man deserve especially among the “ cultural establishment ” ? Clearly , their cultural preferences are despicable . The rule of law would dictate that they be prosecuted for their crime at the victim 's discretion . Any Frenchmen with a sense of preserving their liberty should demand they be subject to the same punishment they themselves would be . Have we really reached a point where the common man is judged to a different standard than the cultural and political elite ? Can a civilized society exist where the prosecution for rape occurs on the one hand but not on the other ?
[ efoods ] I am perplexed about how France could have degraded to such an extent that the protection of innocent children is no longer viewed as sacrosanct . Indeed , the most important responsibility of any government should be to protect the minority from the tyranny of the majority . What more important and defenseless minority do we have than our children ? It is their right to freedom from coercion and manipulation , especially into sexual acts by an adult majority , which should be guarded most vociferously .
“ Bear in mind this sacred principle , that though the will of the majority is in all cases to prevail , that will to be rightful must be reasonable ; that the minority possess their equal rights , which equal law must protect , and to violate would be oppression. ” – Thomas Jefferson
To top it all off , guess who has been the most ardent defender of Roman Polanski ? Why , none other than Mr. Mitterrand . They called Mr. Polanski 's latest ordeal “ callous ” and “ absolutely horrifying. ” No , Mr. Mitterand , you and Mr. Polanski are what I would call “ absolutely horrifying. ” Indeed , you expect that your actions should be judged by a different standard of whether you were able to get away with it or not . Only an elitist such as yourself would expect such a standard . As you put it , “ I no longer need to hinder nor hide…as I know that I will not be refused. ” Since when in our society has the rules of our behavior been judged by whether we were refused or not ? Clearly , for Mr. Mitterand and among many of the elites , this is so . Would we be afforded the same leniency ? I sincerely doubt it .
References
1 . Oct. 7 , 2009 . Frederic Mitterand admitted to paying for sex with ‘ young boys ' in Thailand . The UK Telegraph . http : //www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/6270217/Frederic-Mitterrand-admitted-to-paying-for-sex-with-young-boys-in-Thailand.html
The Freemen Institute , www.freemeninstitute.com
IT SEEMS rivalry in the NRL is far from dead after Panthers star Michael Jennings yesterday let every rugby league fan know exactly how they feel about Parramatta .
`` I do n't hate the Parramatta players , just the team they represent , '' said Jennings , whose comments will light the fuse ahead of tomorrow 's final trial match against the Eels at Centrebet Stadium ( formerly CUA Stadium ) .
`` If you come through the Penrith juniors , you 're brought up to hate Parra . That 's how I was brought up and I 'm sure it 's still going on . ''
Jennings twinged a hamstring at training yesterday , but such is their passion for the local derby they are still hoping to be given the all-clear to play .
Jennings was not alone with their ill-feeling towards Parramatta . Penrith prop Tim Grant admitted last night : `` You 're always bred to be passionate about your jersey .
`` Parramatta is the closest team to us , so it 's us versus them . ''
Proud Parramatta junior Tim Mannah did not want to be drawn into the war of words , especially given they would be in the thick of the action out on the field .
`` It 's easy for Jenko to say what they like because he 's not getting bashed in the middle , '' Mannah said .
`` So I do n't want to say anything because I 'll get smashed .
`` I 'm actually Jenko 's age . We played against each other a fair bit growing up . A lot of us went to school together and played against each other , so there 's always been bragging rights . ''
Just 35km separates Parramatta and Penrith along the M4 Motorway .
Parramatta has a Westfields and vibrant restaurant strip along Church St , while Penrith has its giant Panthers club and regatta centre .
According to Parramatta skipper Nathan Hindmarsh , the Panthers-Eels clashes have become a bigger highlight on the calendar for most fans than the traditional Parramatta-Bulldogs stoush .
Hindmarsh grew up in the Southern Highlands , but they have been at Parramatta long enough to know the club 's history with the mountain men .
Jennings had ice strapped to their hamstring midway through yesterday 's training run and will consult the team 's medical staff today.His teammate Michael Gordon also felt a twinge in their right hamstring and is a scratching .
They join Trent Waterhouse ( pectoral muscle ) and Travis Burns ( suspension ) on the sidelines for the team 's final trial.Lachlan Coote will return from a groin injury and is keen to get at least 20 minutes under their belt before the Panthers ' first-round match against Newcastle.The Roosters and Rabbitohs have staged plenty of epic battles , as have Cronulla and the Dragons , and Parramatta and Manly .
But Jennings ' comments are sure to kick-start a modern-day rivalry that will continue well beyond tomorrow night .
Originally published as Jenning says they hate Parra
AUSTIN ( KXAN ) -- An event billed as the `` Dixie Freedom Rally '' is scheduled to take place at Wooldridge Square in downtown Austin over Labor Day weekend .
According to the rally 's Facebook event page , the event -- slated for Saturday , Sept. 2 -- is to promote the `` true Confederate heritage that most of America is unaware of . '' The rally Facebook page was created on July 28 and is being organized by a group called the Texas Confederate Militia .
On the night of the violence in Charlottesville , Va. the group wrote on their Facebook page , `` We do not condone these actions or any other acts of hate or racism . We will not be held in the same category as any hate group . '' Earlier that day , the group was in San Antonio at Travis Park .
The group says the rally in Austin will start at 7 a.m. with guest speakers starting at 10 a.m. Wooldridge Square is located just south of the Travis County Courthouse at 900 Guadalupe St .
At noon , the group plans to march to the Texas State Capitol and to the Confederate monuments nearby and then back to the park . Attendees are encouraged to bring a Confederate or U.S. flag . The group addresses open carry , saying long rifles are allowed but people should follow the law .
`` No racism tolerated or will be removed , '' the event invite states .
KXAN was the first TV station to speak with the rally organizer , Brad Oxford , who says the rally has sparked an onslaught of threats .
'We 're getting constant threats , at least 100 of them a day , every day , '' Oxford said . `` We 're trying to show people that we 're not the racists that we think they are . We 're not part of the Klan , we 're not part of any white supremacist groups at all . ''
Oxford said the rally was planned well before the deadly violence in Charlottesville . KXAN asked if the Texas Confederate Militia considered postponing or canceling the rally altogether . Oxford said because of encouragement from supporters , they decided to move forward as scheduled .
KXAN asked , `` Just so people are clear , what is your message when it comes to what happened in Charlottesville ? ''
`` It was a disgrace . To everybody that was there , all sides , all people . It should have never happened , '' Oxford responded .
A counter-protest against them named `` against white supremacist rally in ATX '' says on Facebook , `` Although its organizers will claim otherwise , this event is predicated on white supremacy ; racism is intrinsic to any event glorifying the confederacy . ''
Mayor Steve Adler said , `` The neo-Nazi and white supremacist movement that we 're seeing shows itself in other cities does not belong here . It 's not who we are . And we have pretty broad backing for that all over this community . ''
That being said , `` We value the right to free speech , even when the speech is n't what we like to hear . So this is a city that 's going to uphold that right and do it in a way that keeps us safe . ''
The mayor said the city is working to put together a plan for the planned protest and counter-protest , especially after seeing how incidents have played out across the country in the wake of Charlottesville . While the Austin Police Department wo n't discuss specifics , they did say they will deploy a number or resources to ensure the safety of everyone involved . If the group does n't follow APD 's directions , it will verbally warn protesters before making any arrests .
APD says it handles protests on an ongoing basis and `` firmly believes in protecting everyone 's First Amendment rights , and giving them a safe venue in which to do that . ''
KXAN learned from the Parks and Recreation Department that both groups , those rallying and those counter-protesting , need permits to use city parkland . The deadline to submit an application for the permit is the close of business on Friday . As of Wednesday afternoon , the city had n't received requests from either . In order to obtain a permit , unless there 's a special exception , the event must be held between 10 a.m. and 10 p.m. , not the 7 a.m. start time the Dixie Freedom Rally lists on Facebook .
There are also capacity limitations . Wooldridge Square Park 's limit is just 300 people .
Oxford says he 's in contact with Parks and Recreation and is working to secure porta-potties , and plans to ask APD for assistance at the rally .
Alyssa Wong , A Filipina Chinese American writer , has won the 2015 Nebula Award for their short story , “ Hungry Daughters of Starving Mothers. ” The Nebula Awards are given annually by the Science Fiction Writers Association . In the story , Wong mixes in an Asian American flavor that enhances but does not dominate the story line .
Another work of theirs that I have read is “ Santos de Sampaguitas. ” This short story is set in the Philippines and includes many creatures of Filipino folklore like the Kapre , which I only heard about from the stories of my mother-in-law . It was published in Strange Horizons , a Philippine online magazine of science fiction , fantasy , art , news , and opinion .
In addition to their Nebula Award , they were nominated for a 2016 Hugo award for best new writer , among other awards . You can check out their Bibliography and awards on their website at crashwong.net , and the two stories that I mentioned can both be read online .
Close
Delaware middle school student Brianna Moore stands in front of the mirror with pink hair at their residence in Newark , Delaware March 20 , 2012 . Moore was sent home from school for having pink hair that their father helped them dye after they improved their grades . ( Photo : Reuters/Tim Shaffer )
0 Subscribe to Newsletter !
A school that barred a sixth grader after they dyed their hair pink with their parents ' blessing to celebrate their good grades lifted its ban on Tuesday following an outcry from civil rights advocates .
After missing three days of classes , pink-haired Brianna Moore headed back to Shue-Medill Middle School in Newark , Delaware , on Tuesday after administrators reversed their decision after a call from the Delaware branch of the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
`` We 're on our way right now , '' said Kevin Moore as they drove their 12-year-old daughter to school .
Advertisement
At their daughter 's request last week , they helped dye their hair a shade called crimson storm , which has a pink hue , as a reward for improving their grades .
But when they showed up for school the next day , they were sent home and told not to return until their hair met school policy mandating a `` natural color , brown , blond , black , natural red/auburn . ''
The ACLU soon got in touch with attorneys for the school district and asked , `` Do n't you think this is unconstitutional ? '' said Kathleen MacRae , ACLU executive director in Delaware .
Moore was invited back to school with assurances they would not be punished , said Wendy Lapham , school district spokesperson .
`` The hair is not going to be an issue , '' Lapham said .
© 2015 Thomson Reuters . All rights reserved .
In the Eastern Cape province , the ethnic Xhosa boys graduate to manhood through a sacrosanct ritual of circumcision .
But every year , the custom among the country 's second-largest ethnic group sees young initiates die of complications from botched circumcisions by ill-trained traditional surgeons .
Boys still flock to traditional initiation schools in the bush , because the faster and less painful medical method can result in a lifetime of rejection .
`` When you are uncircumcised regardless of your age , society will never regard you as a man , you will always be a boy . No one wants to live with that , '' said Athenkosi Mtirara , who is about to undergo the procedure .
Mtirara says they wanted to follow in the footsteps of all the men in their family who have been through the ritual .
`` In my family no one has ever died from a circumcision gone wrong . My older brother has counselled me about things to avoid in order to have a smooth operation , '' said the 18 year-old .
After completing the circumcision rites , Mtirara will dispose of all their old clothes , a symbol of beginning their new life as man .
But if they fail to complete the course or ends up in hospital , they will live with the stigma of not being man enough .
More than 200 boys have died from botched circumcisions in the last 15 years , and 90 have lost their penises , according to the department of health .
`` This is a very large number , given the fact that these deaths are concentrated in one region , '' said Sizwe Kupelo , spokesperson for the Eastern Cape department of health .
As a general policy , South Africa is starting to encourage circumcision for men , which has been shown to halve their risk of contracting HIV - a major goal in the country with more Aids cases than any other .
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini announced last week that they wanted to revive the practice among South Africa 's largest ethnic group , in order to fight HIV .
The challenge is how to reconcile traditional practices with modern medicine and the law .
Kupelo blames the deaths in the Eastern Cape on uncertified traditional surgeons , particularly in rural areas `` who have no idea how to cut the boys and take care of them while they heal '' .
`` Boys are only sent to hospitals when it 's too late . There is also pressure to complete the process , '' said Kupelo .
In June , a 16-year-old boy was admitted to hospital with a rotting penis , after developing an infection which was ignored by their traditional surgeon .
`` The majority of the boys who have had their penises amputated usually end up committing suicide . They ca n't live with the shame , '' said Kupelo .
Traditional tools are used to cut the foreskin of the boy 's manhood , without anaesthetic or sterilising equipment .
The surgeons receive no particular training ; it is an `` art '' passed down within families from generation to generation .
After the skin has been cut , boys spend up to four weeks healing while learning about social values and the responsibilities of being an adult .
With limited access to food and water , health authorities say boys often suffer dehydration and even bleed to death .
Eight years ago , South Africa passed a law that sets the legal age for circumcision at 18 . But boys eager to prove their manhood as young as 15 still seek the practice from bogus surgeons who are willing to flout the law .
Fake surgeons charge a fee as little as 100 rand ( £8 ) , but a bottle of brandy or a fowl can be accepted as payment .
In their book , A Man Who Is Not a Man , which tackles the pain and stigma that comes with botched circumcision , Thando Mgqolozana describes this secretive ritual as a story of hurt and suffering .
`` Some of the survivors get ostracised from their community because they did not complete the rite of passage in the expected way .
`` They too , because of their supposed failure , hide in silence , as though silence was a sanctuary , '' said Mgqolozana , who has gone through the ritual himself .
In November , the health department held a summit to urge traditional leaders in the region to help stop the deaths and mutilation of the initiates , by taking up practices as simple as sterilising knives .
`` We tried to make them understand that as government we do not want to take away their custom . All we want is the application of health standards in the process to end deaths , '' said Kupelo .
The Indiana Basketball team has found themselves in an interesting spot after an eventful month of November in the 2016-17 season .
The expectations of the 2016-17 Indiana Hoosiers have been elevated since the preseason rankings were rolled out where Indiana was ranked No . 11 in the AP Poll .
The Hoosiers started the season off surprising the nation with an overtime win against then No . 3 Kansas , 103-99 . Basketball experts across the board were high on Indiana 's ability to dominate the perimeter and the depth of their roster . This game alone had experts talking about Indiana becoming the No . 1 team in the nation .
They followed the Kansas win with two more W 's before heading to Fort Wayne to take on the Mastodons . This is where things turned ugly , quick .
Many will still continue to blame the absence of star forward O.G . Anunoby who did not play due to illness . The Hoosiers came out flat from the moment the ball was tipped . Inconsistent shooting , no sense of urgency on defense and the inability to take command of the game resulted in a 71-68 overtime loss .
The city of Bloomington nearly collapsed , but surprisingly the social media faction calling for Tom Crean 's job was relatively quiet compared to years past .
Indiana went from being the No . 3 team in the AP Top 25 to No . 13 .
Then the unthinkable happened . Indiana followed their disappointing loss with two straight wins , one of them coming against No . 3 North Carolina at Assembly Hall . The Big Ten/ACC Challenge once again had the Hoosiers in the national spotlight where they provided nothing less than a dominating performance .
The Tar Heels never even had a lead in the game . All five of Indiana 's starters ended up with double digit points in route to a 76-67 win .
So how can we evaluate the first month of the season for Indiana ?
A Saskatchewan mother should not pay the nearly $ 1-million US hospital bill they received after giving birth in Hawaii , says a lawyer experienced in such cases .
Last year , Jennifer Huculak-Kimmel gave birth nine weeks early while on holiday in Hawaii . Them premature daughter spent two months in intensive care .
The family had purchased travel insurance , but were turned down by Blue Cross , which cited a `` pre-existing condition . ''
The insurer said a bladder infection two months before the pregnancy meant Huculak-Kimmel was ineligible to receive coverage .
Darren Kimmel says he 's not happy with how their insurance claim was handled . ( Supplied photo ) However , when they bought the insurance , the family says they were never asked about any pre-existing conditions by the insurance agent .
`` We disclosed everything that was asked of us there on that form , '' husband Darren Kimmel said . `` The lady asked the questions , we answered them , and that 's the best we could do . We answered them honestly . The main question we were asked was , 'Are you 32 weeks pregnant ? ' And of course , at the time , they were only 24 weeks pregnant . ''
Scott Stanley , a Vancouver-based lawyer who works on similar cases said the family should not pay the bill .
`` What I typically counsel people to do is to not pay the bills , depending on their circumstances , because I have yet to see a big health authority come into Canada to try and enforce and collect , '' said Scott Stanley , a Vancouver-based lawyer who works on similar cases . `` And of course , they 'd have to do that . ''
They said the tragedy is that there 's probably nothing they could have done differently to avoid the situation .
`` I see cases like this all the time — not necessarily involving pregnancies — where people have gone to the United States ... and they 've had a minor medical condition , but that 's enough to disqualify them . ''
Changes needed
Stanley said the Canadian insurance industry needs to be reformed to better help customers needing coverage and care . Kimmel wants to see the same thing .
Jennifer Huculak-Kimmel , left , of Humboldt , Sask. , gave birth to Reece nine weeks early while in Hawaii , and was later slapped with a $ 1-million US hospital bill . ( David Shield/CBC ) `` Maybe there should be a better way to purchase travel insurance , '' they said . `` Maybe Blue Cross should change their policies on how they sell them and make their salespersons more accountable for what they do . ''
During the couple 's hospital stay , Blue Cross had contacted them , saying their insurance had run out after their baby was born . Kimmel said it did n't make much sense to extend the insurance when they had already been refused by the company .
The family tried to be medevaced back to Saskatchewan as soon as they heard that their claim had been denied , but were not successful . One company would n't take the family , the other company said it required a full surgical team to travel with the mother on the plane .
Next steps
The family says it still is n't sure what it 's going to do next . Collection agencies started contacting the family in July , but the family has so far rebuffed their calls .
`` We made no bones about it . We were n't paying them a dime , '' they said . `` Those calls kind of quit , but I 'm assuming they 're going to start again . We were n't in any position to make any deals with them . ''
The family has also considered declaring bankruptcy , although says they are n't at that stage yet .
People on social media have already started talking about online fundraising , but the family says it does n't want to go down that road .
`` We do n't want to take other people 's money , '' they said . `` People work hard for their money , and I do n't feel they should be giving us money .
`` Social media has told us to find a lawyer and fight them , '' they said . `` I suppose we will . I 'm hoping that some of this bad publicity will make Blue Cross come forward and say , maybe one of their salespersons made a mistake , and we 'll pay the bill . ''
Timeline
Here 's a brief timeline of events in this case :
Oct. 26 , 2013 : Family buys travel insurance from Blue Cross
Oct. 27 : Family flies to Hawaii
Oct. 29 : Jennifer Huculak-Kimmel 's water breaks , medevaced to Kapi'olani Medical Centre for Women and Children
Nov. 8 : Blue Cross contacts family , telling them their claim has been denied
Dec. 10 : After weeks of bed rest , baby Reece is born by caesarean section
The NHS has announced a ban on homeopathy and herbal medicine as they say it is `` misuse of scarce funds '' .
Officials today ruled that the treatments are among dozens of medicines which should not be funded by the health service .
In the last five years , the NHS has spent almost £600,000 on homeopathic treatment , despite long running debate about whether alternative remedies work .
Today NHS England ruled that “ at best homeopathy is a placebo and a misuse of scarce NHS funds which could be better devoted to treatments that work . ”
Health officials said cash-strapped clinical commissioning groups should no longer fund such medicines , along with 16 other classes of treatment classed as “ low value ” because they are ineffective or could easily be bought over the counter .
Proponants of homeopathy and herbal medicine include Prince Charles , and the Health Secretary , Jeremy Hunt , is among those who have signed motions in favour of it .
NHS England said the changes aimed to save at least £250m a year .
Patients will be told to pay for their own treatment for dozens of common ailments , including indigestion , sore throats and athlete 's foot .
Simon Stevens , NHS chief executive , said : “ The NHS is probably the world 's most efficient health service , but like every country there is still waste and inefficiency that we 're determined to root out .
In the soon-to-open Wizarding World of Harry Potter , the only thing more valuable than a flying broom might be a damp mop .
Some riders reportedly are having trouble keeping their food down while testing the park 's signature attraction , opening April 7 at Universal Studios Hollywood .
There are reports of employees vomiting aboard Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey , which combines motion with video to convince riders they are soaring in and around the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
The attraction is a near-replica of the one in Universal Orlando , save for one important feature : the Hollywood ride is in 3D .
Universal did not respond to requests for comment .
Theme parks often use employees as guinea pigs to test new rides . Glitches are expected , and work can continue right up to opening day . The problem with Forbidden Journey , assuming there is one beyond weak-stomached riders , may be corrected with a few adjustment thanks to the sophisticated software that operates the latest rides .
The 3D technology was first introduced to Forbidden Journey last year at Universal Studios Japan in Osaka . There were no widespread reports of vomiting .
The last big attraction to make such a notorious splash was Mission : Space at Walt Disney World in Orlando , Fla . Soon after it opened in 2003 , the main mission was cleaning the vehicles after guests discovered their space capsules were n't the only things that would launch .
Disney eventually introduced a milder version of the ride , one that did not spin ( centrifugal force was used to simulate a ride into space ) .
© Scott Craven , The Republic | azcentral.c
Darlington FC Rescue Group has been told by administrators it can implement its plans for a community-based club .
The proposal , approved by main creditor Raj Singh , now requires the group to raise £500,000 to keep the club running for the rest of the season .
`` What we 're working on now are the legal structures of a community-based club , '' DFCRG chairperson Doug Embleton told BBC Look North .
`` In those structures are a clearer message to people who are donating . ''
Singh added : `` We 're confident we can raise that [ money ] . ''
One aspect the group is yet to confirm is the long-term future of the Darlington Arena , the club 's home since 2003 - which due to costs such as utility bills and maintenance continues to limit revenue .
`` There are a lot of views on that , it would be totally premature and a bit complacent to comment on whether it 's too big or too small , '' said Shaun Campbell , another DFCRG member .
`` It 's just a great news story today for the people of Darlington . ''
There is currently no time limit placed on the group to raise the necessary funds , although with weekly expenditure reported to be in the region of £80,000 , some urgency is required .
Sheffield-based venture capitalist Paul Wildes earlier withdrew their offer to buy the club , but said they would offer their support to a fans'-run venture .
The iPhone is `` currently unavailable '' at the AppleStore US , following the dry-out in the UK . Does this mean they are waiting for the shipment of the next version ? If so , this is a brilliant and rare move for Apple .
We wo n't know for sure until next month , but knowing Apple 's tight command of their stock levels , it looks like this may be the reason . But considering we 're almost exactly 30 days from the WWDC keynote , it could mean the 3G iphone is coming sooner than we think . Let 's assume this is what is happening . If so , this move is brilliantly kind and uncharacteristic of Apple . What they 're doing is trading off secrecy to protect people from buying the first-gen iPhone in its last days before its successor is unveiled . I mean , if you 'd bought an iPhone and it was upgraded to v.2 days after your purchase , would n't you be pissed ? Maybe they 'd rather short the sales for a month and not have to deal with thousands of pissed off customers . [ Apple Store—thanks , Erik ]
Pop singer Marie Osmond surprised the ICRS crowd Monday with an appearance to promote a forthcoming inspirational music CD available to stores through Word Distribution . Osmond , who gained fame with their brother Donny , currently appears with them in a musical variety show in Las Vegas . After greeting a large crowd of retailers at the Word Distribution booth , Osmond met with key retail accounts , explaining the inspiration for the project . Osmond said they felt `` moved by the Spirit '' to record the CD , getting on their knees in prayer before ultimately realizing it 's `` what I needed to do . '' The disc , titled The One and Only , will include `` How Great Thou Art , '' a cover of MercyMe 's `` I Can Only Imagine , '' a couple of classical opera-style songs and original contemporary tracks . When asked if there were any songs done in a country style , they joked , `` Well , I am a little bit country , '' referring to a song made popular by them and their brother . Osmond said they were a longtime listener of Word music artists , but had previously felt that the `` barrier with me as a Mormon '' prevented the possibility of a recording . They said they hoped that people would realize `` it does n't matter what denomination ( you are ) , '' but that they wanted to bring people to `` my Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ . '' Whether Christian retailers , who are mostly evangelical in nature , will stock the CD remains to be seen . Mickey Nuttal , owner of Sonlight Christian Books and Gifts in Grand Junction , Co. , told Christian Retailing that `` if she 's a Mormon , I probably would n't stock it . If you 're going to be a Christian store , be a Christian store . '' Lois Friesen , owner of Faith and Life Bookstore in Newton , Kan. , however , said they would judge the CD on its own merits and definitely consider it `` if it 's not contradictory '' to Scripture . In a presentation during CBA 's Industry Conference in January , researcher Kelly Gallagher revealed 18 % of Catholics and 7 % of Mormons shop at Christian stores . Word Distribution has not released an official street date for the project . View the discussion thread . Prev
Next
Story highlights Tom Perriello released a campaign ad that showed them standing in front of an ambulance
Ralph Northam has been an announced candidate for the state 's top job for more than a year
( CNN ) It took seconds for the House passage of the Republican health care bill to have a crushing impact on the Virginia governor 's race . Literally .
Moments after the deciding vote was cast , upstart Democratic candidate Tom Perriello released a campaign ad that showed them standing in front of an ambulance being flattened by an automobile compacter . The symbolic but powerful image , which Perriello said in the ad was a metaphor for what GOP leaders are trying to do to affordable health care , quickly went viral , demonstrating the angst over health care and its uncertain future .
The campaign said the ad will run on television starting next week , but it did not disclose the extent of the buy . In any case , it seems clear the video achieved its purpose : It captured the moment in a memorable way while calling attention to the candidate , something that Perriello 's team has successful done a number of times as they hope to defy the odds and topple Lt . Governor Ralph Northam in the Democratic primary in June . Under Virginia 's constitution , Gov . Terry McAuliffe can not run for another consecutive term .
Northam , who is considered the frontrunner , has been an announced candidate for the State 's top job for more than a year . They enjoy the support of a lengthy list of Democratic officials , including every single statewide officeholder . They all backed their campaign before Perriello decided to enter the race .
Perriello 's campaign , however , has gotten off to a surprisingly quick start . They have raised more than $ 2 million , has pulled even or ahead in most public polls , and is drawing big crowds of enthusiastic supporters . Perriello is even pulling support from popular , national progressive figures like Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vermont , and former Hillary Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta .
Read More
This Aug. 24 , 2017 , photo provided by Navajo Nation Office of the President and Vice President shows solar panels near famed sandstone buttes along the Arizona-Utah border on the Navajo Nation . The Kayenta Solar Facility is the first utility-scale solar project on the reservation , producing enough electricity to power about 13,000 Navajo homes . ( Photo : Antonio Ramirez , AP )
A giant array of solar panels near the famed sandstone buttes of Monument Valley has begun producing electricity for the Navajo Nation at a time when the tribe is bracing for the loss of hundreds of jobs from the impending closure of a nearby coal-fired power plant .
The Kayenta Solar Facility is the first utility-scale solar project on the Navajo Nation , producing enough electricity to power about 13,000 Navajo homes .
The plant comes at a time when the area 's energy landscape is shifting .
The coal-fired Navajo Generating Station near Page is set to close in December 2019 , leaving a site that both tribal and private entities say has the potential for renewable energy development .
MORE : Navajo Nation OKs new lease for Navajo Generating Station coal plant
MORE : 10 challenges to keeping the Navajo Generating Station open
The Navajo Tribal Utility Authority , which owns the solar plant , said the project advances clean energy on the reservation long known for fossil fuel development , the Arizona Daily Sun reported .
Walter Haase , general manager of the tribal utility , said the plant proves to investors , developers and tribal communities that renewable energy projects are possible on the reservation .
Economic development often is hampered by the lack of infrastructure , required environmental clearances and consent from anyone holding a permit or lease for use of the land .
This Aug. 24 , 2017 photo provided by Navajo Nation Office of the President and Vice President shows solar panels near famed sandstone buttes along the Arizona-Utah border on the Navajo Nation . The Kayenta Solar Facility is the first utility-scale solar project on the reservation , producing enough electricity to power about 13,000 Navajo homes . ( Photo : Antonio Ramirez , AP )
Before the solar facility , `` we had a reputation in the industry of not being able to get something built or brought online , '' Haase said .
The town of Kayenta benefited , too . The contractor hired and trained about 200 Navajos to build the plant , said Deenise Becenti , a spokesperson for the tribal utility , leaving a qualified workforce for other projects .
The tribal utility avoided passing on the $ 60 million cost of the solar plant to its customers through federal solar investor tax credits , said Glenn Steiger , project manager for the solar farm .
A two-year power purchase and renewable energy credit agreement with the Salt River Project will cover loan repayments for the plant 's construction , Steiger said .
The tribal utility is working on extending the agreement .
READ MORE :
Navajo Generating Station 's power lines could benefit solar and wind development
My Turn : Put solar power in the poor 's hands . It 'll pay off for all
Navajo Nation seeks water , power infrastructure in coal plant lease
Peabody Energy hopes to land buyer for troubled Navajo Generating Station
Navajo Generating Station threatened with closure
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/2xKBCYs
At their CES keynote today , Reed Hastings announced that Netflix was going live in 130 new countries . The list includes massive new audiences like Russia , India , and South Korea . It 's a huge expansion of the company 's footprint , with China the notable exception to major markets where you can now stream its content .
Today 's announcement basically triples the company 's distribution . `` Today you are witnessing the birth of a new global internet TV network , '' said Hastings . `` With this launch , consumers around the world — from Singapore to St. Petersburg , from San Francisco to São Paulo — will be able to enjoy TV shows and movies simultaneously — no more waiting . With the help of the internet , we are putting power in consumers ' hands to watch whenever , wherever , and on whatever device . ''
The company 's stock , not surprisingly , surged on the news .
Netflix says that its service `` wo n't be available in Crimea , North Korea , and Syria due to US government restrictions on American companies . '' And major series like House of Cards and Orange is The New Black may not be available in markets where Netflix does n't own the distribution rights . But the company is increasingly moving to own those rights for its original content , with an eye toward maximizing the return it can get on paying to produce new films and series .
Netflix has big plans for original content in 2016 . The company says it is going to create `` 31 new and returning original series , two dozen original feature films and documentaries , a wide range of stand-up comedy specials , and 30 original kids ' series . '' Onstage at CES , Hastings did note that Netflix would have to navigate the differing cultural standards of its new countries when deciding what programming to release in each one .
In addition to going live in new countries , Netflix added Arabic , Korean , Simplified and Traditional Chinese to the 17 languages it already supports . It seems that Netflix believes it has a substantial Chinese audience despite the fact that It 's not technically available . Sarandos has said in multiple interviews over the past two years that they were pleasently surprised by how popular House of Cards was in China , implying the service is seeing substantial viewership there , perhaps by users finding a way around the great firewall .
At the Q & A that immediately followed Netflix 's keynote address , Hastings and chief content officer Ted Sarandos provided more detail on the company 's expansion . Hastings confirmed that Netflix is still committed to breaking even on a financial basis internationally by the end of 2016 . Hastings was also asked about the potential for Netflix service in China , an immediate area of interest after the company 's expansion was announced . `` In China , you need specific permission from the government to be able to operate , '' said Hastings . `` It 's gon na take some time . ''
Matthew T. Hall Tough to argue the point . Tough to argue the point . ( Matthew T. Hall )
Saw this license plate in Serra Mesa this morning . Pretty sweet .
People on Twitter and Facebook agree .
@ LorieZapfD6 wrote , `` Love it ! ''
@ GilCabrera chimed in , `` Great license plate ! '' and later wrote , `` If I still had my car from college I would have sent pic of that license `` FREEE B '' -- I won the car in a contest . ''
From @ sdutYoung : `` I saw this during an IRS convention next door at the Town & Country http : //t.co/3FJcPWr [ old though ] ''
From @ samuelhodgson : `` i think this was the vons in north park , but could be wrong . this wins , right ? Is this a contest ? http : //yfrog.com/gzeogfmj ''
@ MEBurks contributed : `` I saw JAG4MD when I was working at a hospital . Still trying to figure out how to fit `` hooptie for writer '' on mine . ''
And from @ MissAlexBell : `` I saw one last year in East County on the back of a VW Bug that said DUDELDY '' ( Aersomith fans , anyone seen JNSGTGN ? '' )
Those last five plates were all sent my Friday morning , a day after this post first went up .
The post grew throughout the day Thursday as people shared some favorites per my request . Thanks for playing , everyone !
Bob Richmond added : `` A pathologist I knew had a plate MALIGN . The best though was a friend of mine who after several tries at getting a sufficiently obscure obscene vanity plate request past the Massachusetts authorities succeeded with SWIVE . ''
@ ninagarin wrote : `` I once saw a license plate that said DPCHMDE , so you know that 's my favorite . '' On the off-chance you need help on this one , here 's what I wrote back to her : `` Your DPCHMDE is my IRNMDN . ''
@ Stefaniya added , `` The best SoCal license plate I ever saw was on a Jeep and said 3DN078 . Think about it ... ( turn it upside down if you have to ) . '' A hint : They do have more fun .
@ rudyjrlopez sent along a pic of their own license plate . They wrote `` it makes more sense if I cut you off , then you read it . '' Then they added : `` Its worth the extra fee just to see the glares turn into LOLs . '' Context , people ! See it here .
Here 's another picture , for the preschool set , spotted on the 94 East by reader A Hayden .
A Hayden Que chido ! Que chido ! ( A Hayden )
Then there 's this . Reader Steve Trunk emailed me a beaut Thursday afternoon . Here 's what they said about it : `` This one is probably from the 80 's ; it was when I was working at what was then University Ford in Mission Valley and I just happened to have my camera with me that day . How that one made it past the DMV ... who knows ?
Steve Trunk Spotted in Mission Valley years ago . Spotted in Mission Valley years ago . ( Steve Trunk )
Got a picture of another great license plate around town ? Email it to me at matthew.hall @ uniontrib.com with a note on where you spotted it , and I 'll share with the group .
matthew.hall @ uniontrib.com • ( 619 ) 293-1335 • Twitter @ SDuncovered • Facebook matthewthall
The University is dumb and you are proof . You are dumb . You are dumb because you are a student . You are a student because you are dumb . Your education is , in fact , making you dumb . To explain , you are a bad student . You are on academic probation because you are a bad student . You are currently earning your second consecutive 1.0 , further proving you are a bad student . Next , you will be suspended by the University ... because you are a bad student .
So the University punishes you for being you , and justifies its action on the proof that you are you . This can only be done by a dumb thing . By `` dumb , '' we mean `` without speech '' or `` without reason . '' The University is without reason . To further prove this , we need only examine the “ good ” student .
You , the good student , “ know ” that students “ should ” prioritize coursework . It is “ wrong ” for them to do otherwise . Your beliefs , good student , are dumb . Your idea that we should prioritize coursework because it is coursework is not an argument . It is a truism . Your beliefs are dogma . Do you even know why you 're in college ? Yes , you answer . You are such a good student that you know why all students should prioritize studies above all . One , to increase their odds of being “ financially secure. ” And two , to increase their odds of being “ intelligent . ”
But neither wealth nor intelligence increases happiness , and both increase longevity or the chance of living longer . So , good student , this is your argument : blind instinct . Blind instinct is not an argument . You inherited the belief that it is from the University . You went to the University and came back with dogma . Dogma is that which is believed without question . That the good student is a fool who does n't even know why he 's in college is dumb . To be dumb is to be inarticulate , you do not have reasons . To not have reasons is to be dumb . So the University is dumb .
We 'll further prove said claim by examining the average student 's reasons for prioritizing coursework . You , a simpleton , have reasons for prioritizing your studies . If you neglect your work , you will be punished . If you neglect your work , your GPA will gain sentience and crucify you . You will die at age 20 . Your dread of underperforming is as bestial as though the above were true . You are petrified because you are a rational being . You seek to avoid suffering . If you fail to meet the University 's standards , your grades drop . When your grades drop , you suffer . So this is your reason for studying — brute fear of suffering .
Brute fear is not an argument . It is fear . So , again , we see that the University 's driving force is blind instinct . This is not only dumb , but dangerous as well . To explain , you may be ethically blameless for `` failing '' your courses . You may suffer from legitimate circumstance , which necessitates your malperformance . But you may be unable to articulate said circumstance . You may , as hinted earlier , be “ dumb. ” For this , you will be punished .
For instance , if you were articulate enough , you could explain the fact that you could n't complete your coursework . You would thereby escape punitive action . To illustrate , imagine that you were “ intelligent ” enough to believe in “ mental illness. ” Imagine , moreover , that because of your “ intelligence , ” you thought it possible that you might suffer from an attention deficiency . You , in addition to being `` intelligent , '' are also articulate . You are articulate enough to give an accurate and detailed account of the events comprising your inability to focus on school . As such , you make it clear to your University that you suffer from the corresponding mental disorder or , in other words , being yourself . You are given a diagnosis . You enroll in the University 's disability services . The University tends to your inability .
But if you are the bad student , you would be punished for the identical situation . You would be punished , through “ bad grades , ” for being you .
Why ? Because the University is dumb . It receives an input , `` bad work , '' and gives an output , `` bad grade . '' It neither contextualizes nor does it purport to . The University neither claims to nor can it give an account of your level of intelligence . It does , however , do so implicitly . At school , you are assigned grades and numbers . Both of which are dumb . They point out performance and nothing else . If the University were not dumb , it would make this clear to you . It does not , and you suffer because it .
You believe that coursework has some intrinsic value . It does not . You believe your performance to have some mystic ability to decide your intelligence and future . Both beliefs negatively impact your mental health . You instinctively interpret grades as threat and punishment . Mortal fear is your driving motivation as a student . Said fear sustains a stress and suicide epidemic at the University . If the University were not dumb , it would actively work to prevent this . It would reinforce the fact that the University does nothing but repeat the fact of your performance . It does not because it can not , it is dumb .
Radcliffe Bent is a School of Arts and Sciences senior majoring in English and philosophy . Their column , `` Doubt , '' runs on alternate Tuesdays .
Thank Snowden : Internet Industry Now Considers The Intelligence Community An Adversary , Not A Partner
from the a-useful-level-of-distrust dept
In an interview last month , Timothy D. Cook , Apple 's chief executive , said the N.S.A . “ would have to cart us out in a box ” before the company would provide the government a back door to its products . Apple recently began encrypting phones and tablets using a scheme that would force the government to go directly to the user for their information . And intelligence agencies are bracing for another wave of encryption .
“ What has struck me is the enormous degree of hostility between Silicon Valley and the government , ” said Herb Lin , who spent 20 years working on cyberissues at the National Academy of Sciences before moving to Stanford several months ago . “ The relationship has been poisoned , and it 's not going to recover anytime soon . ”
“ A stupid approach , ” is the assessment of one technology executive who will be seeing Mr. Obama on Friday , and who asked to speak anonymously .
And while Silicon Valley executives have made a very public argument over encryption , they have been fuming quietly over the government 's use of zero-day flaws . Intelligence agencies are intent on finding or buying information about those flaws in widely used hardware and software , and information about the flaws often sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars on the black market . N.S.A . keeps a potent stockpile , without revealing the flaws to manufacturers .
Companies like Google , Facebook , Microsoft and Twitter are fighting back by paying “ bug bounties ” to friendly hackers who alert them to serious bugs in their systems so they can be fixed . And last July , Google took the effort to another level . That month , Mr. Grosse began recruiting some of the world 's best bug hunters to track down and neuter the very bugs that intelligence agencies and military contractors have been paying top dollar for to add to their arsenals .
They called the effort “ Project Zero , ” Mr. Grosse says , because the ultimate goal is to bring the number of bugs down to zero . They said that “ Project Zero ” would never get the number of bugs down to zero “ but we 're going to get close . ”
We already wrote about the information sharing efforts coming out of the White House cybersecurity summit at Stanford today . That 's supposedly the focus of the event . However , there 's a much bigger issue happening as well : and it 's the growing distrust between the tech industry and the intelligence community . As Bloomberg notes , the CEOs of Google , Yahoo and Facebook were all invited to join President Obama at the summit and all three declined . Apple 's CEO Tim Cook will be there , but they appear to be delivering a message to the intelligence and law enforcement communities , if they think they 're going to get them to drop the plan to encrypt iOS devices by default : In fact , it seems noteworthy that this whole issue of increasing encryption by the tech companies to keep everyone out has been left off the official summit schedule . As the NY Times notes ( in the link above ) , Silicon Valley seems to be pretty much completely fed up with the intelligence community after multiple Snowden revelations revealed just how far the NSA had gone in trying to `` collect it all '' -- including hacking into the foreign data centers of Google and Yahoo . And , on top of that , the NSA 's efforts to buy up zero day vulnerabilities before companies can find out and patch them : That Times article quotes White House cybersecurity boss Michael Daniel ( the man who is proud of their own lacking of cybersecurity skills ) trying to play down the `` tensions '' between Silicon Valley and Washington , followed by this anonymous quote from a Silicon Valley exec : Further , the article discusses how companies are trying to fight back against the NSA 's abuse of zero days ( another thing that Daniel has championed ) by getting to them before the government does : There 's a lot more in the two stories ahead , but the angry feeling is real . In the past year , it 's amazing how many conversations I 've had with people around Silicon Valley who are n't just upset or disgusted over the intelligence community 's actions , they 're . And while the tech industry was never as buddy buddy with the government as some have tried to imply , things had undoubtedly become complacent in some circles , with little effort being made to make sure that information was n't being misused or abused . But that 's no longer the case . There are , of course , legal limits on what companies can do , but just as the NSA once explained how they play right up to the very edge of the limits that Congress puts around them ( some of us believe they go beyond that ... ) , the tech industry is rapidly learning that they , too , need to push back to the line that the law allows them to do so as well.And , of course , none of that would likely have happened without Ed Snowden revealing to journalists the nature of the NSA 's overreach .
Filed Under : cybersecurity , cybersecurity summit , ed snowden , government , surveillance , trust , White House , zero days
Companies : apple , facebook , google , yahoo
“ It just seemed to make a big argument that in this population , knowing that they are all in developmental stages and learning how to fall and jump and protect themselves , that this would be an age we felt we could make a positive impact and decrease the incidence of concussions , ” Chiampas said .
The new restrictions were mandatory for U.S. Soccer 's youth national teams and academies , but were only recommended for organizations outside the federation 's control . Nonetheless , many entities have chosen to follow U.S. Soccer 's lead , including the Essex County Youth Soccer Association , which oversees our team 's league . Because U12 squads include 10-year-old players , the effect is that heading is banned for the 11-year-olds here , too .
For now , the game still flows at this level , and the girls I coach do not seem troubled by what they can not do . Even if they have watched stars like Cristiano Ronaldo and Alex Morgan head the ball repeatedly in matches , they have not lobbied to mimic their role models . Nor have they yet shown any signs of bravado , false or otherwise , by trying it on their own .
Heading , from my experience playing and coaching since the 1970s , is one of the least instinctive elements of the game . Kicking a ball is natural . Heading , for most , is not , and many young players remain leery of it , no matter how sound the early instruction .
They and their parents might be even more leery if they read the University of Stirling study published this week in the online medical journal EBioMedicine .
In the research , balls were launched at players by a machine in an attempt to mimic the speed and trajectory of a typical corner kick . Twenty-three young adult amateur players headed the ball 20 times over a 10-minute period and were monitored using transcranial magnetic stimulation before practice , immediately after practice and then 24 hours and 48 hours later .
The report noted immediately after the heading a disruption of the normal balance of chemicals in the brain and reductions in memory test performance of 41 percent to 67 percent .
Two phrases that Daniel Patrick Moynihan put into America 's political lexicon two decades ago are increasingly pertinent . They explain the insufficient dismay about recent economic numbers .
Moynihan said that when deviant behaviors — e.g. , violent crime , or births to unmarried women — reach a certain level , society soothes itself by “ defining deviancy down. ” It de-stigmatizes the behaviors by declaring them normal . And sometimes , Moynihan said , social problems are the result of “ iatrogenic government. ” In medicine , an iatrogenic ailment is inadvertently induced by a physician or medicine ; in social policy , iatrogenic problems are caused by government .
When the economy grew by just 2.6 percent in 2014 's fourth quarter , the New York Times headline cheerfully said “ Economy Pulls Ahead. ” The story said the U.S. economy is “ an island of relative strength ” in a world facing “ renewed torpor and turmoil. ” This was defining failure down .
The Wall Street Journal said “ U.S . Economy Hits Speed Bumps , ” as though speedy growth had been normal for a while . The speeding had consisted of one quarter ( 2014 's third ) of 5 percent growth . But the economy had gone 43 consecutive quarters without 5 percent growth , the longest such period since the government began keeping the pertinent records in 1947 . And even with this third quarter , growth for 2014 was just 2.4 percent , making this the ninth consecutive year under 3 percent . During the recovery from the recession of 1981-1982 , there were five quarters of 7 percent or higher growth , and five years averaged 4.6 percent growth .
There also was unmerited triumphalism about November 's job growth of 353,000 . This was just the fifth month of 300,000-plus growth in the 68 months since the sluggish recovery began in June 2009 . In the 1960s , there were nine months of 300,000-plus job creation — and at its highest , in 1969 , the nation 's population was nearly 118 million smaller than today 's . In the 1980s , there were 23 months of 300,000-plus jobs , and the nation 's population in 1989 was 73 million smaller than today 's 320 million .
By the time — April 2014 — the economy returned to the number of jobs it had before the recession began in December 2007 , there were 15 million more Americans . Nicole Gelinas writes in the Manhattan Institute 's City Journal : “ A healthy economy should add 200,000 new jobs every month , even when it 's not recovering from a recession . By that standard , America should have 133 million people working in the private sector right now , not 118.4 million . ”
Economic weakness — new business formations are at a 35-year low — is both a cause and a consequence of alarming cultural changes . In 1960 , 12 percent of 25-to-34-year-olds were never married ; today , 49 percent never have been . Although the population was 27 million larger in 2010 than in 2000 , there were fewer births in 2010 .
The lingering economic anemia is astonishing , given plummeting energy prices . To a considerable extent , the anemia is an iatrogenic social ailment , induced by government behavior . The business burdens and uncertainties created by the Affordable Care Act are just part of the Obama administration 's regulatory mania ( 3,659 new regulations finalized in 2013 and 2,594 others proposed , according to Wayne Crews of the Competitive Enterprise Institute ) .
That the employment picture is not worse may owe much to the end of an iatrogenic policy . The Economist reports that during the recession , unemployment benefits were extended from 26 weeks for most workers to an average of 53 weeks , and 73 weeks in three states . Then in December 2013 Republicans blocked reauthorization of emergency unemployment compensation . Now a study of more than 1,000 counties shows that employment grew fastest in counties where there were the biggest declines in the duration of unemployment benefits .
Barack Obama 's plan to tax the earnings from parents ' “ 529 ” college savings plans lived just long enough to indicate why some progressives perhaps prefer slow rather than rapid economic growth . Rapid growth reduces the appeal of redistributive policies and the need for the bitter , jostling , divisive politics that advance such policies . The 529s help enable families to achieve self-sufficiency . This excites progressives ' dislike of any private provision that impedes implementation of their dependency agenda .
The progressive project of maximizing the number of people dependent on government is also aided by the acid of insecurity that grows rapidly when the economy does not . Anxious and disappointed people are susceptible to progressives ' blandishments about the political allocation of wealth and opportunity — “ free ” this and that . By making slow growth normal , iatrogenic government serves the progressive program of defining economic failure down .
Read more from George F. Will 's archive or follow them on Facebook .
In my first post for GeekDad I shared some thoughts about gaming with children . This generated many emails and comments which were both inspiring and encouraging . There are many people out there engaged in some old-school dice rolling with their kids . What I am learning through my own efforts is it is never too young to start . Indeed , role-playing is how most young children play anyway , introducing a few dice is n't too difficult . Just do n't be a rule Nazi . That does n't work .
I thought I should share some of my experiences role-playing with my boys who are aged 5 and 6 and are veterans of more than a dozen role-playing sessions . By far the role-playing game that has resonated with my boys most is a hacked version of Fuzzy Heroes .
I like Fuzzy Heroes because it allows children to use toys from their own cupboards to create characters , superpowers and engage in all sorts of adventures against the Naughty Renegade Boy Toys . The meta-narrative that drives the game is simple enough : good toys ( aka Fuzzy Heroes ) defend all that is good and fuzzy from the bad toys ( Naughty Renegade Boy Toys ) .
What follows are some simple instructions on how I have adapted some of Fuzzy Heroes ' simple rules to introduce the basic concepts of RPGs to my kids . You probably do n't even need the book , but it is a handy little resource so if you can get it , I 'd recommend it .
For any role-playing parent , the Fuzzy Hero setting makes it easy to great story lines that can be played out in an hour or so ( which is about the attention span of my boys ) . As self-appointed `` Master of Fuzz '' ( aka GM ) I find you can set up a simple plot like `` rescue the kidnapped fuzzy hero , '' `` find the treasure '' or `` flee from the advancing renegade boy toys '' works well , with a few twists or turns thrown in to make it fun .
Any GeekMum or GeekDad who has prepared their own role-playing adventures as a DM or GM will find lots of scope for imagination that allows you to introduce the core tenets of fantasy and role-playing to your children . And that is how you should treat this . You are not just introducing the mechanics of role-playing , you are introducing a world of trapdoors and magic that is mysterious and exciting to children . For example , in one game my boys ' Fuzzy Heroes obtained the powerful `` necklace of fuzz '' which gave them the power to fly , but it also was making them lose energy points ... and so they learn about the powerful magic item that can also have very negative effects . ( One necklace to rule them all ... )
The real beauty of Fuzzy Heroes though is the simplicity of the system , one that I have adapted to make even simpler to match the level of my boys .
So , to start you choose any toy and using a measuring tape and toy 's features ( color , legs , horns etc . ) to create all its core stats and attributes . The game can be played with : your soft toys , a measuring tape , a few d6 and paper and pencils .
Getting Kids ' Heads Around Attributes :
I guide my boys ' character creation quite closely . Their numeracy and literacy skills are still developing , so it helps to be very structured and tell them what numbers to write where . We have a character sheet I 've designed with large writing and space for 5 attributes and a picture of their hero . The first thing I get them to write their character 's name and draw a picture of their fuzzy hero . Then , I help them work out their attributes . We stick simply to :
Energy Points ( equivalent to health or hit points )
Defense Number ( aka Armour Class )
Energy Dice ( damage )
Number of Attacks
Movement
The Fuzzy Heroes rules have some simple tables where all these attributes can be determined from measuring the length of the fuzzy hero , its colour or pattern and number of arms , legs , horns or other appendages . I do the measuring and tell them what numbers to write next to each attribute .
In fact the measuring tape is genius . It is also used for movement . ( i.e . a movement of 18 is 18 inches ) . It makes it very visual and simple for even young children . We each have our own measuring tape now to conduct our own movement during the game .
My boys still do n't know exactly how the stats are determined . But they know a Defense Number of 13 is good and they more Attacks and Energy Dice the better ! Stats still reign and are compared even at this age : `` Wow , you have 10 energy points ? ! ''
As a rule , I allow my boys to use their imagination to choose one super fuzz power . We negotiate how powerful this is and how often they can use it . It ranges from standards like invisibility , to the ability to fly through to strange powers like `` vomit of fuzz '' and `` fastest ever run away ! '' This gives them a card up their sleeve and they love pulling out their superpowers — which 100 % of the time result in a positive outcome for their character . No spell/magic resistance in our games — yet ! I want to make this fun for them . And victory is fun when you are six years old .
Playing Out the Story Line :
An imaginative and adaptive GeekParent GM really helps . Do n't let dice rolling or rules get in the way of the story , and you 'll have read so many fantasy and sci-fi books you 'll have a host of plots and story elements at your disposal .
I develop a game almost on the spot . I use what is lying around for inspiration . A group of toy dinosaurs on the floor become an encounter , some rocks outside the back door become a magical rock wall that requires a simple riddle to be solved before being past , and sprinkling a handful of Legos from above becomes a magical shower that sends Fuzzy Heroes to sleep .
I usually have one main opponent . But I am very relaxed about that opponents stats and usually do n't even have a character sheet for them . My boys are learning — so encounters are weighted in their favor . We rely on their character sheets heavily ( because they need to learn about them ) , but their opponents stats are flexible and usually in my head . I do n't have time to create character sheets for them .
Opponents can vary . Sometimes it is the `` wise old stuffed wombat '' that lives in the middle of blanket swamp and has a secret ingredient to help heal another injured fuzzy hero . Other times it is a crazy clown trying to conquer the world through laughter . Of course the most favorite villain was the alien who flew using their fart gas ( a gaseous cloud that also caused fuzzy heroes to lose energy points ) .
Encounters :
Initiative is simply called `` who goes first '' and is determined by a single roll . After that they usually either move or attack . I usually let the boys know `` what they have to roll over '' when they attempt to attack — this is the opponent 's Defense Number usually 10-12 , but can be 8 or 9. if I am being generous and there are multiple enemies — this all depends on the mood as well . I work hard to avoid tantrums during a game , which means sometimes you make it easier to hit the enemy . The boys then roll 3d6 for each attack and I usually get them to describe the attack as they roll the dice for atmosphere . i.e . `` I run up and whack them with my spiked tail ! ''
A successful hit is met with much whooping and cheering . They then roll their Energy Dice for damage . This basically means if you have 4 Energy Dice you roll 4d6 and any odd number is a hit . A hit means you lose 1 energy point . Never have I seen rolling a 1,3 or 5 so wonderfully praised as in recent months of role-playing with my boys .
The combat continues this way until the fuzzy heroes or their opponent get to zero energy points .
Where to play :
Sometimes a whole bedroom can be your play space . But more recently we 've been using just a tabletop and as the pictures show we 've had a lot of fun creating the game space using Lego structures , vehicles and Lego men as miniature Fuzzy Heroes . It is n't Dwarven Forge , but gee I am pretty sure we are on our way .
I 'm sure backyards , sandpits or any lounge room would also make a fine play space . Remember , chairs and tables , rugs and shelves can all become part of the game terrain . We have had toys push books off shelves , hide under buckets and rugs have become oceans to cross with toy boats . The possibilities are endless and so much fun .
Keys to introducing role-playing to children at preschool or early primary school :
Focus on the story telling , descriptions and imaginative element .
Do n't worry about the rules too much . But always obey the dice when they are rolled . We must maintain the order and discipline of RPGs .
Be creative with the materials around you and create chance encounters and events . For young children this is the first time they are experiencing role playing standards and genre elements we take for granted . Make it as amazing as you can .
Kids are naturals at this , they role-play all the time , this just adds some structure and hopefully extends the age at which they continue to play . Just like some of the dads I role-play with into our 30s , 40s and beyond .
[ This post originally ran in 2008 ]
As part of Ubisoft 's latest earnings report today , the Assassin 's Creed publisher teased an unannounced AAA game . Although Ubisoft is not yet sharing specifics about the game , the publisher says the title will be released sometime in the company 's current fiscal year . That means it 'll be out before April 2016 .
This game will be announced sometime this fall , not at E3 next month , a Ubisoft representative told GameSpot .
During an earnings call this afternoon , an analyst asked Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot if the game would be a sequel to an existing franchise or a new IP . The executive said they `` ca n't comment at the moment on that . ''
Guillemot also confirmed that this new game -- whatever it turns out to be -- will not be released for last-generation consoles .
If it 's a sequel , one possibility is Watch Dogs 2 , as Ubisoft has spoken openly before about returning to the franchise . On top of that , the unannounced game was just recently spotted on an employee 's resume .
It 's been a busy day for Ubisoft . In addition to a positive earnings report , the company announced Assassin 's Creed Syndicate and delayed The Division .
PANAMA CITY , Sept 26 ( Reuters ) - Panama 's Canal Authority slapped a fine on Thursday of up to $ 1 million on the owners of a North Korean ship seized in July for smuggling Cuban weapons under 10,000 tons of sugar .
The fine was for failing to accurately disclose the cargo and putting the canal and canal workers at risk , said Jorge Quijano , head of the semi-autonomous Panama Canal Authority .
The amount is “ a proposed sanction of up to $ 1 million , and I say ‘ up to ' because there is a process in which clarifications can be made and they can defend their point of view , ” Quijano said .
The ship , the Chong Chon Gang , and its 35-member crew remain in Panama , despite a request from Pyongyang seeking a “ diplomatic manner ” to resolve the situation .
The owners of the ship must also pay a $ 650,000 bond before it is allowed to leave the canal , Quijano said .
Panamanian investigators detained the vessel in July near the Atlantic entrance to the canal after receiving a tip it was carrying drugs .
Cuban officials maintained the ship contained only a donation of sugar to North Korea , but investigators found military cargo hidden between containers stuffed with raw Cuban sugar .
Cuba later acknowledged it was sending 240 tons of what it called “ obsolete ” weapons , including two MiG jets , 15 MiG engines and nine anti-aircraft missiles , to be repaired in North Korea and returned to Cuba .
A team of United Nations Security Council experts is expected to issue a report on whether the weapons violate a 7-year-old ban on arms transfers to North Korea because of its nuclear weapons and missile development program . ( Reporting by Elida Moreno ; Editing by Philip Barbara )
Dr Apo Aporosa is cross-legged on the floor , smashing dried kava roots with a mortar and pestle . They wear an aloha shirt and a formal Fijian skirt called a sulu vakataga . Laid out on the mat in front of them is a scraggly bundle of root-ends and a half-eaten pear , which they are using to chase the brew .
“ Any time of day , I could take you to drink kava , ” they say between strikes on the mortar . “ It 's happening all the time , but the average person walking down the street would never know . ''
“ There are kava clubs everywhere , ” agrees Edmund Fehoko , a Tongan PhD student , whose upright posture and serene half-smile recall a Buddhist monk right now . “ The schooling of a lot of young people in Tonga is paid for by kava clubs in New Zealand . ”
We watch Dr Aporosa going about their work ; a source of frenetic energy in a room full of still bodies . Now he 's kneading the smashed roots in a strainer bag . Eventually Edmund says , “ Taki taki , ” and a coconut shell of brown water arrives in my hands . I clap once and chug it , then clap three times . The bitter drink fills my stomach and leaves my mouth numb .
The shell is passed to a tanoa , a ceremonial wooden bowl , from which more kava is served . There are five of us sitting in a circle in a garage in east Hamilton . I 'm a stranger to Dr Aporosa and their friends , but the usual social rigmarole does n't seem to apply to our Friday night vigil . We 're listening to Bob Marley and talking openly as the root begins to work on us .
* * *
The kava shrub is a member of the pepper family , grown for thousands of years throughout tropical Pasifika . The roots of the plant are used to create a non-alcoholic drink with relaxing psychoactive effects .
In New Zealand , kava is consumed by more than twenty thousand people on a Friday or Saturday night . It 's also growing in popularity among non-traditional users ; raising questions about how they reconcile the beverage with their contemporary lives , and in some cases , with their religion .
Two of the men in our circle are teetotaling Mormons : Marty ; a pālangi , lecturer in engineering , and owner of the garage we 're drinking in ; and Daniel Hernandez ; an indigenous Guatemalan and anthropologist .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints - a religion founded in 19th-century America - has a health code which eschews alcohol , tobacco and even hot drinks like coffee and tea .
`` There is no official stance from the Church on kava , but in places it 's banned , ” Daniel explains . He 's a jovial presence sitting to my right ; pony-tailed and unshaven ; physical traits which are unusual for an orthodox Mormon ( long hair and beards are discouraged in the Church 's missionary and seminary orders , and rare outside of them ) .
Daniel grew up in Utah , the US state known as the “ Mormon Mecca , ” and the centre of the religion 's cultural influence . It 's also home to 40,000 Pacific Islanders . An immigrant of Mayan ancestry , they gravitated to other minorities , and was introduced to kava through their friend , a Tongan church-goer .
More than a decade later , Hernandez is still attending kava sessions , and studying the plant 's relationship with traditional Tongan songs and identity for their PhD at Auckland University . They are selective about where , and with whom , they discuss their research .
Mormon Pasifikans who drink kava inevitably confront a divide between their cultural heritage and their modern American faith .
`` This is how we always talk around kava , ” they say , “ But at Church , we 're quite restricted . Outside of the kava circle and outside of academia , I have to be more careful about what I say . ''
Mormon Pasifikans who drink kava inevitably confront a divide between their cultural heritage and their modern American faith . Weeks earlier , I 'd met a Samoan called Shane during a kava session in Daniel 's Auckland home . Sitting on the living room floor with their wife dozing on the couch behind him , Shane said they felt disillusioned by the lack of diversity in the upper echelons of Mormonism . The international leadership are all white male Utahns .
“ Since I 've been introduced to kava , I 've realised how much my white Mormon upbringing has alienated me from my spiritual Samoan background , '' he 'd told us .
The Pacific Islands were one of the first areas to be massively evangelised by the Church . In Tonga , it 's claimed more than half the country 's population are members .
According to US historian James Axtell in their The Invasion Within : The Conquest of Cultures in Colonial North America , when Europeans convert to Christianity , they remain European ; when indigenous people join the church , they 're expected to commit “ cultural suicide . ”
In the case of Pasifikans , conversion had meant abandoning traditional spiritual beliefs and practices - suddenly looked down on as primitive , backward , profane - in exchange for Western imaginings of a God moulded around Eurocentric ideals .
Dr Aporosa knew of Mormons who 'd been questioned by the Church about their kava drinking , particularly in the last 12 months . One friend of theirs was accused of hosting “ kava parties , ” which the leadership seemed to perceive as raucous , alcohol-fuelled events .
* * *
I experienced a sinking disorientation as my writing subject seemed to become more complex than was convenient or comfortable . It had been tempting to portray Hernandez as a renegade Mormon who was taking advantage of a scriptural loophole to get buzzed . The drink was mildly intoxicating , but I sensed there was something else at work - a murky convergence of the drink 's social , cultural and spiritual uses - which interested Shane , Marty and Daniel , rather than its superficial effects .
I struggled to relate to it . My secular Western upbringing had led me to approach substances like alcohol , caffeine and nicotine purely in terms of how effectively they crossed the blood-brain barrier . And it seemed ironic that all of those drugs were once used by indigenous peoples in a spiritual context .
I 'd been drinking kava in the place of alcohol for a couple of months . I found I could buy it over the counter in unmarked bags at certain Mt Roskill dairies , but mostly I was ordering it from a New Zealand-based supplier in instant form . I was mixing it into a mug of water and knocking it back ; often alone but sometimes sharing it with my girlfriend or flatmates , whose reactions were varied but generally positive .
The supplier website “ Kava Boutique ” is co-operated by a Polish man called Zbigniew . Poland is the only country in the world in which kava is unequivocally banned , and perhaps the persecution of users in Zbigniew 's homeland has driven them to dispense kava in New Zealand with a rare meticulousness and zeal . They scour the islands for the purest strains , then gets them lab-tested to ensure quality ; honing in on the plant 's most desirable chemotypes .
When I met them roadside one afternoon to pick up a Hawaiian grind , they described in their clinical Slavic accent a process of testing several variants from a specific and kava-renowned region before he 'd been satisfied .
The root from the Mt Roskill dairies had been hit and miss – either disappointingly weak or nauseatingly potent , and in one case , causing a strange reddish pigmentation around my eyes - but Zbigniew sold the good stuff .
“ I call drinking dairy kava the ‘ Pacific roulette , ' ” they said in one of our email exchanges . “ Once in a while you can find something decent , but most of it is total shite . ”
Dr Aporosa is intrigued to hear I 've been drinking by myself . In the thousands of times he 's consumed the brew , the former police officer and soldier turned eminent kava researcher has never once been alone .
I 'd tried a few of Zbigniew 's varieties . There was Fijian Sunset ; `` praised for both its impressive headiness and deeper , longer lasting , body-melting effects ; '' and Happy Tongan ; `` strong and heady with pronounced cheerfulness and energy . '' Sometimes , usually on an empty stomach , the kava was uplifting and euphoric ; bringing feelings of peace , optimism and even strength .
A clarity and spaciousness can be experienced when a mind usually weighed down by anxious thoughts is suddenly rid of them , similar to that feeling of leaving a city and taking in the vastness of an unobstructed sky from more natural surrounds . The drinker can become sensitive to light and sound , colours may be enhanced , and there 's a trademark numbing of the mouth . The drink is sedating without disrupting awareness .
There is no perceivable hangover , but the drinker is likely to feel relaxed and refreshed the following morning ; having enjoyed a deep and easy sleep , possibly accompanied by vivid dreams .
But Dr Aporosa is intrigued to hear I 've been drinking by myself . In the thousands of times he 's consumed the brew , the former police officer and soldier turned eminent kava researcher has never once been alone . It 's against cultural protocol .
“ For Fijians , those who drink kava alone are perceived as people who do witchcraft , ” they say after finishing their shell . “ It 's potentially abusing the strength of the plant ; there 's no accountability . ''
“ What that means , ” Edmund says gravely , suddenly commanding the full attention of the circle , “ is you should never drink kava by yourself . ”
The circle erupts into laughter . I notice I 'm laughing too , and wearing a persistent grin . Every 15 minutes or so , someone says , “ taki taki , ” and the kava is served , and I take my shell gratefully . I 'm buoyed by waves of cheerfulness as the conversation drifts into further tangents . Whenever we arrive at a new topic , Dr Aporosa pauses comically , before launching into another passionate speech .
* * *
Kava is perhaps the most universal icon of Pasifika culture , and thought to be imbued with mana . It is presented , mixed and drunk to acknowledge births , deaths , arrivals and departures .
`` Kava both possesses and transfers mana . If you were sick , we could all drink kava for you tonight , ” Dr Aporosa tells me . “ In Fiji , it is even possible to curse someone using kava - by throwing a bowl of it outside and saying certain things . ”
They believe the first Polynesian migrants to New Zealand a thousand years ago brought kava with them , but that it failed to grow in the colder climate .
It had already travelled across the Pacific with Polynesian explorers , from Vanuatu to Hawaiiki , or present day Raiatea in French Polynesia . It does not produce seeds and can only be grown using cuttings , so these early sailors played a critical role in its dispersal .
`` It was carried on long voyages , because it was believed the mana would keep the travellers safe . And when they arrived at their destination , they presented it as an acknowledgement . ”
In language , the links remain . The word kawa in Māori means “ marae protocol , ” which would accord with kava having once been used in a ceremonial context .
Kava was given to hosts by visitors , then mixed and drunk to bring about mutuality and equality between presenter and recipient ; the removal of tapu and creation of noa .
In language , the links remain . The word kawa in Māori means “ marae protocol , ” which would accord with kava having once been used in a ceremonial context .
Dr Aporosa believes metaphorical kava use has continued in Maori cultural practice ; for example , the consumption of kai during pōwhiri to create noa ; and the medicinal use of a related plant species which Maori settlers named kawakawa , perhaps in memory of the kava plants they 'd tried unsuccessfully to grow here .
Though it 's the product of a different plant , endemic to Aotearoa , kawakawa tea is a peppery beverage with similarly mouth-numbing effects , used for a variety of ailments and as a general health tonic .
* * *
Around 10pm the door swings open and five men crowd into the garage . They 're all Mormons who 've come from a ball organised by a “ stake , ” or group of local congregations . The men have dropped their wives home and come over to drink kava . They pull up deck chairs and join the circle , giggling at text messages from their wives : where had they disappeared to ?
When a sixth man comes in soon after , he 's met with boisterous applause . `` Jesus is here ! Jesus is here ! '' they proclaim , receiving jeers from the group . Then they move to the opposite end of the garage , where they busy themselves putting on a ta'ovala . They tie it around their waist with a kafa rope .
The Tongan sits down beside me and introduces themselves as Clive ( a pālangi name , they admit ) . Despite their theatrical entrance , they are earnest and soft-spoken . They explain he 's wearing the ta'ovala out of respect for their two teenage sons , who are also drinking with us .
`` I 'm proud that my sons want to drink kava , ” they say , gesturing to one of them , who 's already reclining in a deck chair and plucking an acoustic guitar . `` It means I know what they 're doing - they 're not out getting into trouble . ”
Clive has always been open about their kava drinking - even during their time as bishop of a local Tongan congregation .
`` It 's a way of life ; it 's what I do . I just tell people , if you think kava is interfering with my faith , then you let me know . ''
Now there are 11 of us in the circle , the dynamic becomes more lively . There are social workers , managers , rugby trainers and students . Conversation springs up everywhere ; limited to two or three men , or involving the whole circle as one person relays a joke or story .
In one moment the talk is low and serious ; in the next it 's light and cascades into laughter . Worn hymn books are passed out and Tongan hymns are sung ; there is plenty of bantering in the interim , but the songs themselves are sung as if in church .
It 's midnight . I relax further into the setting as the last vestiges of my self-consciousness drain away . I no longer feel like an outsider ; a pālangi ; a journalist . Dr Aporosa comes and goes from the circle to get more water , stepping around people and excusing themselves with “ tulou , tulou. ” Finally there 's a lull , and everyone sits in a benign silence . Then Edmund says , “ taki taki , ” and more kava is served .
High-skilled jobs and the people who get paid handsomely to hold them are increasingly clustered in coastal cities where , not surprisingly , it now costs an insane amount of money to live . Take , as evidence , the astronomical rent in places like New York City and San Francisco : It costs more to sleep at night in these cities because more people want to be there in proximity to opportunity , and that high price also means that anyone other than the high-income ca n't afford to get in .
A curious thing happens , though , when the rent goes up ( alongside it the barriers for other people to move in ) . As Catherine Rampell writes today in the New York Times , when when high-skilled , high-wage professionals congregate in cities , some of their other expenses actually go down , while – and here 's the rub – it gets more expensive for low-income people to buy consumer goods like their groceries .
Rampell 's point of departure is a research paper by Wharton School assistant professor Jessie Handbury . They looked at Nielsen purchase data from 40,000 households in 52 markets across the country between 2003 and 2005 . Them conclusion : A low-income household in a wealthy city faces grocery bills that are 20 percent higher than they 'd pay in a relatively poor city . Meanwhile , high-income households have grocery costs that are actually 20 percent lower in expensive cities like San Francisco and New York than they 'd pay in cities with half the per-capita income like New Orleans .
The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES -- Alex Karras , the rugged lineman who anchored the Detroit Lions ' defence in the 1960s , then went on to an acting career in which they starred in the sitcom `` Webster '' and famously punched a horse in the 1974 comedy `` Blazing Saddles , '' died Wednesday . They were 77 .
Karras , who had recently suffered kidney failure , died at home in Los Angeles surrounded by family members , said Craig Mitnick , Karras ' attorney .
Diagnosed with dementia , Karras in April joined the more than 3,500 former NFL players suing the league for not protecting them better from head injuries , immediately becoming one of the best-known names in the legal fight .
Detroit drafted Karras with the 10th overall pick in 1958 out of Iowa and they were a four-time All-Pro defensive tackle over 12 seasons with the franchise .
They were a terror on the field , using a variety of moves to push around opposing linemen and get into the backfield . Their Lions handed the powerful 1962 Green Bay Packers their only defeat that season , a 26-14 upset on Thanksgiving during which they harassed quarterback Bart Starr constantly .
Packers guard Jerry Kramer wrote in their diary of the 1967 season about their trepidation over having to play Karras .
`` I 'm thinking about them every minute , '' Kramer wrote .
For all their prowess on the field , Karras may have gained more fame when they turned to acting in the movies and on television .
Playing a not-so-bright bruiser in Mel Brooks ' `` Blazing Saddles , '' they not only slugged a horse but also delivered the classic line : `` Mongo only pawn in game of life . ''
Several years before that , Karras had already become a bit of a celebrity through George Plimpton 's behind-the-scenes book about what it was like to be an NFL player in the Motor City , `` Paper Lion : Confessions of a Second-string Quarterback . ''
That led to Karras playing themselves in the successful movie adaption , and it opened doors for Karras to be an analyst alongside Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford on `` Monday Night Football . ''
In the 1980s , they played a sheriff in the comedy `` Porky 's '' and became a hit on the small screen as Emmanuel Lewis ' adoptive father , George Papadapolis , in the sitcom `` Webster . ''
`` Perhaps no player in Lions history attained as much success and notoriety for what they did after their playing days as did Alex , '' Lions president Tom Lewand said .
Recently , their wife said Karras ' quality of life has deteriorated because of head injuries sustained during their playing career .
Susan Clark said earlier this year that their husband could n't drive after loving to get behind the wheel and could n't remember recipes for some of the favourite Italian and Greek dishes they used to cook .
`` This physical beating that they took as a football player has impacted their life , and therefore it has impacted their family life , '' Clark told The Associated Press earlier this year . `` He is interested in making the game of football safer and hoping that other families of retired players will have a healthier and happier retirement . ''
Clark , who also played the wife of Karras ' loveable character on `` Webster , '' has said they were formally diagnosed with dementia several years ago and has had symptoms for more than a dozen years . They joined hundreds of other former players suing the league .
`` It 's the same thing as back in the gladiator days when the gladiators fought to death , '' Mitnick , who represents Karras and hundreds of others in the suit , has said . `` Fans care about these guys when they 're playing and they are heroes . But as soon as you 're not a hero and not playing the fan does n't really care what happens to them . ''
The NFL has said it did not intentionally seek to mislead players and has taken action to better protect players and to advance the science of concussion management and treatment .
Karras played their entire NFL career with the Lions before retiring in 1970 at age 35 . They were a first-team All-Pro in 1960 , 1961 and 1965 , and they made the Pro Bowl four times . They missed the 1963 season when they were suspended by NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle in a gambling probe . Karras was recognized by the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a defensive tackle on the All-Decade Team of the 1960s .
They were born and raised in Gary , Ind. , and was inducted into the Indiana Football Hall of Fame in 1976 .
`` We know Alex first and foremost as one of the cornerstones to our Fearsome Foursome defensive line of the 1960s and also as one of the greatest defensive linemen to ever play in the NFL , '' Lewand said . `` Many others across the country came to know Alex as an accomplished actor and as an announcer during the early years of 'Monday Night Football . '' '
Image caption The research suggests it is possible to browse the web anonymously at high speed
A high-speed anonymous way to browse the web has been developed by security researchers .
The team , based in Zurich and London , say they have found a way to mask data that does little to slow it down .
Many anonymising systems are slow because data is encrypted many times as it travels .
But the new high-speed encryption system , Hornet , could theoretically move data around at speeds up to 93GBps , its creators say .
Review required
Hornet is conceptually similar to The Onion Router ( Tor ) network that many people currently use to disguise from where they are browsing the web .
Tor encrypts data as it hops randomly between the servers or relays that make up the network .
However , encrypting and decrypting data many times adds a processing overhead , which means browsing the web via Tor can be slow and frustrating .
Tor 's design `` suffers from performance and scalability issues : as more clients use Tor , more relays must be added to the network '' , said the researchers in a paper describing their work .
Hornet avoids some of the problems that limit how many users a Tor-like system can handle by changing the way it handles information about where data is going .
By removing some of this administrative overhead , it is possible to speed up the passage of data through the network 's anonymising core .
In addition , they wrote , these changes made Hornet less susceptible to some of the attacks that have been used to unmask people who use Tor .
Writing on tech news site the Daily Dot , Patrick O'Neill noted that the paper describing Hornet had not yet been peer-reviewed .
`` Peer review is critical to the development of research like this , and Hornet ca n't be considered even close to fully formed until review comes , '' they wrote .
`` Still , research that endeavours to rethink the design of anonymity networks can lay the groundwork for the next stages of the technology . ''
It 's too bad leftist SJW Eurasian Tiger , half-White/half-Asian , like myself , White father , Asian mother , 100 % passing , just like me ( ! ) , could n't have been civil and asked for an interview before starting a smear campaign against me on r/hapa and halfasian.org . These liberals have exposed themselves as the pathetic , victim-signalers they are . Supposed half-Asian advocates , they attacked me for my White advocacy and nationalist views . They are clearly pissed that white men are simply more aggressive , better at conquest . Instead of stepping up , defending themselves , attacking Hollywood for their portrayal of Asian/half-Asian ( I have to make that distinction because it REALLY fucking matters to them ) , and not be the self-fulfilling weak cowards as reflected in said media , they attack one of their own , without bothering to ask me about the details of my situation . No , the leftist liberal way is to be passive aggressive . Seeing how white women tend to be liberal feminists , who want to dominate men , I think the perfect match for these women are these type of men . It 's a perfect trade-off .
Share this : Tweet
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Germany 's Deutsche Telekom and British satellite company Inmarsat are working together to offer high-speed internet access to airline passengers in Europe that 's faster than Gogo .
The partnership has created a hybrid solution that combines an LTE-based ground network with an S-band satellite network . Gogo , the major in-flight internet provider in the US , debuted its own hybrid service utilizing the Ku-band a few years ago . But Inmarsat 's head of aviation Leo Mondale described the speeds offered by its partnership with Deutsche Telekom as `` 4G style speeds , in tens of megabits per second , '' and will be `` far faster '' than those currently provided by Gogo , according to FT .
`` Far faster '' than Gogo
Deutsche Telekom will provide the LTE sites that will transmit data to the operating altitude of passenger planes , and are flexible enough to deal with the speed of planes crossing the EU 's 28 member states . Once the aircraft reaches 10,000 feet , the ground network will combine with satellite connectivity — the switching between satellite and ground will be automatically managed by the cabin systems , according to Inmarsat .
Gogo last month received final approval to begin in-flight testing of its own second generation satellite connectivity system and hopes to begin service this year . The company said it signed seven commercial airlines and expects to provide peak speeds of more than 70 megabits per second to aircraft . It plans to begin installing the system to 500 planes next year .
Lufthansa announced that it will be the first European airline to offer broadband on board its short and medium-haul flights starting in the summer of 2016 . However , those flights will use Inmarsat 's Ka-band satellite technology . Lufthansa said it will take part in the S-band / LTE hybrid trial program in 2017 , with the expectation that it will ultimately be a more cost effective and flexible solution .
HOW 'S this for a proposition ? A mega-rich American entrepreneur will give you $ 100,000 to drop out of university and pursue your dreams . Sounds too good to be true ?
Well , the co-founder of online payment system PayPal , Peter Thiel , has offered that very deal for the past five years .
In 2010 , sensing a crippling stagnation in the US economy , they set up the Thiel Fellowship with the aim of giving youth a path to a successful career that sidestepped the need for a four-year university degree .
Mr Thiel , who was also one of the first investors in Facebook , said that university courses were stifling the potential of young entrepreneurs , while loading them up with a crippling amount of debt .
Their foundation aimed to pay 20 teenagers a year to ditch their college course and pursue their own business idea .
Those selected are given invaluable connections and are guided by thinkers , investors , scientists , and businesspeople .
Mr Thiel 's generous offer sparked a national conversation in the US : Is college a waste of time and money ?
Mr Thiel argues that university degrees can often be a poor investment for young people because they are too expensive , encourage conformity and fail to teach the entrepreneurial skills the business world requires .
They say that people feel a societal pressure to attend university if they want a successful career , but they are keen to free bright thinkers from this convention .
Speaking on a Reddit “ Ask Me Anything ” session , Mr Thiel said their foundation had been a success on because it had started an important debate about the “ education bubble ” .
“ Student debt is over $ 1 trillion in this country , and much of that money has gone to pay for lies that people tell about how great the education they received was , ” Mr Thiel said .
They have contrasted university campuses with the type of innovation found at Silicon Valley , the home of new technology in the US . Mr Thiel argues that Silicon Valley is bursting with the type of fresh ideas that are lacking in the higher education sector .
On the other hand , figures show that people who pursue tertiary education are on average much better off .
In their attempt to sell the federal government 's proposed shake-up of the higher education system in Australia , Education Minister Christopher Pyne has consistently reminded voters that university graduates on average earn 75 per cent more than school leavers over their lifetime .
So , who 's right ? Does university make you better off overall , or should people think twice about taking on a degree ?
An article in The Chronicle of Higher Education examined the Thiel Fellowship scheme this week and found it had produced mixed results .
The fellowship has taken on 83 participants since it was launched , including students from the US 's most prestigious universities , Harvard , Stanford , Yale , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) and Princeton . The fellows have raised $ 72 million collectively and produced $ 29 million in revenue .
The Chronicle spoke to nine of the 24 entrepreneurs who took part in the first two-year program , and most reported that the experience was a positive one .
Many said the beauty of the program was n't the $ 100,000 boost but the networks they were introduced to .
But , crucially , a handful of them enrolled in university after they completed the program , which challenges the central idea of the fellowship .
John Marbach , for example , went back to Wake Forest University after one year of the program , citing that they felt out of touch with real people .
The success of the participants ' ventures has been patchy .
Andrew Hsu started Airy Labs , an educational gaming company that at one point employed more than 20 staff , but the company faltered within a year due to poor management , TechCrunch reports .
Many other fellows abandoned their initial ideas when they realised they were unviable and pursued other business concepts .
“ Of those interviewed , all but one say they learned more about their abilities and the business world than if they had stayed in college , ” the Chronicle reports .
“ And though most found college socially and intellectually rewarding , little felt compelled to finish . ”
Eden Full , who developed a successful device that provides cheap solar energy and clean water for developing nations , was representative of many of the fellows spoken to .
“ Both my college education and my Thiel Fellowship experience were very valuable to me . I do n't think any less of one or the other , ” they said . “ But we need to encourage students that they can step off the conveyor belt whenever they want . I want to live my life as an example of that . ”
Dale Stephens said they believed in a liberal arts education , but did n't believe it needed to take four years .
“ ( The fellowship ) sparked a national conversation about the return on investment of higher education , ” they told the Chronicle .
“ I think it 's going to benefit an entire generation of kids and put a thought in parents ' heads about how they 're spending money on their child 's future . ”
Another fellow , Paul Gu , who established an online lending compwany that has attracted $ 6 million in investment , concluded that while university was n't the only path , it would have been difficult to build a company like theirs on their own .
“ Most people would be better off going to college , ” they said .
But , to give the last word to Mr Thiel , they told Reddit that “ almost all of them did and learned far more than they would have in college ” .
Daniel Chitwood , Ph.D. , assistant member , and their research group at the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center 's in St. Louis , in collaboration with the laboratory of Neelima Sinha , Ph.D. , at the University of California , Davis , are using the world 's largest single-celled organism , an aquatic alga called Caulerpa taxifolia , to study the nature of structure and form in plants . They have recently reported the results of their work in the online journal , PLOS Genetics .
`` Caulerpa is a unique organism , '' said Chitwood . `` It 's a member of the green algae , which are plants . Remarkably , it 's a single cell that can grow to a length of six to twelve inches . It independently evolved a form that resembles the organs of land plants . A stolon runs along the surface that the cell is growing on and from the stolon arise leaf-like fronds , and root-like holdfasts , which anchor the cell and absorb phosphorus from the substrate . All of these structures are just one cell . ''
`` For many years , I 've been interested in structure and form in plants , especially in tomato , which is the land plant that I 've studied most , '' Chitwood continued . `` As you might imagine , finding out what determines structure and form in a complex tomato plant is a challenging goal . It 's critical to know how plants grow and develop to provide more tools to improve them and ultimately to make food production more reliable . Multicellularity is an important prerequisite that enables complex architectures in crops . Yet Caulerpa is a plant , too , and independently evolved a land plant-like body plan , but without multicellularity and as a single cell . How does that happen ? ''
Chitwood and their group reasoned that the structure of Caulerpa might be reflected in the RNA 's present in various parts of the cell . ( RNA 's are the molecular products found when genes are expressed or `` turned on . '' ) For example , the frond part of the cell might show different RNA 's from the holdfast part of the cell . When performed on Caulerpa , this type of analysis would also provide insights into the distributions of RNA 's within single cells , a feat normally difficult to achieve because cells in multicellular organisms are so small .
`` The result turned out to be even more interesting than we 'd hoped , '' said Chitwood . `` Not only do different parts of the Caulerpa cell show distinctly different RNA 's , but there is also some correlation between RNA 's that are expressed together within different parts of the Caulerpa cell with those expressed together in the multicellular organs of tomato . Even though the lineage that Caulerpa belongs to probably separated from that giving rise to land plants more than 500 million years ago , in many ways Caulerpa displays patterns of RNA accumulation shared with land plants today . ''
`` Our work on Caulerpa has given me and my team a whole new way of thinking about plant structure and development , '' Chitwood continued enthusiastically . `` It 's clear that the basic form we associate with land plants can arise with and without multicellularity . In fact , higher plant cells are connected to each other by means of channels called plasmodesmata , and it has been argued that multicellular land plants exhibit properties similar to single-celled organisms like Caulerpa . What if we could really think of higher plants , like tomato , as one cell instead of multitudes ? This idea of thinking of multicellular land plants , like tomato , and giant single-celled algae , like Caulerpa , similarly is supported by our results that demonstrate a shared pattern of RNA accumulation . Frankly , our results have caused us to think about plant structure from an entirely different perspective , which is the most important outcome from this research . ''
A Tour of Five Refugee Camps
Boar Traps , Beaches , and a Baseball Stadium
All Architectural Renderings by Jai Mexis & Partners
Some 57,000 refugees are living in Greece , and most of them are n't happy about it.They were fleeing wars in Syria and elsewhere , on their way to other European countries . The border closed in March , and they were stranded . The majority now live in more than 40 camps scattered around Greece , in a crazy variety of places .
A team from This American Life visited , and sent a group of architects and engineers to capture each camp in the architectural renderings that follow . Take a tour to see how people live on the third baseline and what others do to deal with the wild boars that roam around at night .
592 : Are We There Yet ? 593 : Do n't Have to Live Like a Refugee
Hyde is probably best known for pretending to be a filmmaker to speak at a TEDx conference , where they delivered an excruciating talk about the wonders of the future .
The YouTube page for Hyde 's comedy group , A Million Dollar Extreme , contains several other examples of Hyde delivering uncomfortable or offensive performances to troll audiences . The AV Club has written that Million Dollar Extreme `` does n't tend to 'wink ' when it 's ironically adopting the personas of scummy Internet denizens . ''
Last year , Hyde and a fellow comedian carried out a bizarre prank that involved posting videos threatening Brianna Wu , the game developer who became a main target of the GamerGate movement . They later told BuzzFeed News the campaign was meant to mock GamerGate itself , but the satire was indistinguishable from other , legitimate threats made against Wu .
Hyde 's strange internet footprint has led to a fair number of haters , especially among 4chan users . It 's where the `` Sam Hyde is the shooter '' meme thrives , although it 's not clear if that 's where it originated .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese electric-car venture Future Mobility Corp , co-founded by former BMW and Nissan Motor executives , has raised $ 200 million from investors including China 's Suning and Fullshare Holdings in its latest round of financing .
President and co-founder of Future Mobility Daniel Kirchert speaks during an interview in Beijing , China , August 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Most of the money will be used for product development , said Daniel Kirchert , Future Mobility 's president . They have previously worked at Infiniti China , Nissan 's luxury vehicle division , and BMW Brilliance Automotive .
Future Mobility , which plans to launch three vehicles by 2022 , has a premium midsize crossover SUV ready to go into the next “ serious ” phase of development - that is preparing for production and sale in the world 's top two auto markets , China and the United States , as well as in Europe , Kirchert added .
The company 's latest financing follows two initial funding rounds , which netted $ 100 million as potential investors Tencent Holdings and Taiwan manufacturing heavyweight Foxconn had to back out amid stricter implementation of China 's capital flow controls .
The capital controls prevented investors from moving an undisclosed amount pooled in China into Future Mobility 's account because it is incorporated in Hong Kong , said Kirchert .
“ I have to say the investment environment has become much tougher , ” Kirchert told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday .
“ In an early stage one or two years ago there was a big hype , but now people have already seen some companies struggling and failing , so investors of course are getting more careful . ”
Future Mobility has since set up a mainland Chinese entity to help make the flow of funds easier .
Future Mobility plans to launch the sport-utility vehicle by the fourth quarter of 2019 and another two - a sedan and a 7-seater multi-purpose vehicle - by 2022 .
The SUV will likely be priced at around 300,000 yuan ( $ 44,874 ) in China to be able to compete with the Tesla Model 3 sedan that may cost $ 43,000 , plus tax .
Future Mobility will announce a brand name for cars it plans to sell in early September and is also looking to unveil the production-ready SUV at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January next year .
“ I am absolutely convinced that the tipping point is coming ” for the electric car to take off in the marketplace , Kirchert said at Future Mobility 's office in Beijing . “ Cost-wise we see signs that electric vehicles get more and more affordable . ”
Earlier this year , Future Mobility announced plans to build a $ 1.7 billion factory in Nanjing to capitalize on rising demand in China which , struggling with high pollution levels in major cities , is aggressively pushing plug-in vehicles .
The investment needed to complete the construction of the factory , which will eventually have capacity to produce 300,000 cars a year , is being financed separately with bank loans and funds from investors and supporters , Kirchert said .
There is plenty of policy support for smart , electric-vehicle ventures in China , but funds are getting harder to come by , while policymakers try to weed out companies with mediocre technology , analysts and executives at EV startups say .
( $ 1 = 6.6853 Chinese yuan renminbi )
In its survey of American adults in the wake of the Charlottesville tragedy , the latest Economist/YouGov poll appears to have unveiled a bizarre pattern : minority groups are more supportive of hate groups than white people .
While 7 percent of whites indicated they had a favorable view of white nationalists , like seven percent of the general population , 8 percent of blacks and 8 percent of Hispanics claimed to have a favorable view of white nationalists . Nine percent of those in the “ other ” racial group said they had a favorable opinion of white nationalists :
( Image source : Economist/YouGov )
Only 5 percent of all those polled claimed to have a favorable opinion of neo-Nazis . However , while only 4 percent of whites said they held this view , 9 percent of blacks , 9 percent of Hispanics , and 10 percent of those in the “ other ” category said they have a favorable view of neo-Nazis :
( Image source : Economist/YouGov )
Similar results were also found when respondents were asked about the Ku Klux Klan . Only 6 percent of all polled claimed to have a favorable opinion on the KKK , including only 4 percent of whites . However , 8 percent of blacks , 8 percent of Hispanics , and a full 12 percent of those in the “ other ” group said they had a favorable view of the KKK :
( Image source : Economist/YouGov )
While the disparity between races when it comes to questions about hate groups could be due to mere ignorance about the groups , it suggests that the alleged lingering threat of the KKK , white nationalists , and neo-Nazis are so far removed from the daily mindset of minority groups that they are n't sure whether they have a positive opinion of them or not . ( And , of course , it 's also possible to get a few people who will say anything to a pollster . )
The Economist/YouGov poll was conducted from Aug. 13-15 and surveyed 1,500 American adults . The margin of error is ± 3.1 percent ( adjusted for weighting ) .
Thank you for supporting MRCTV ! As a tax-deductible , charitable organization , we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running ! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here !
Cloud 9 and Fnatic : The Western Pride and Their Conditions for Victory
Izento Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 27 , 2017
* Courtesy of Riot Games
When it comes to North America and Europe , there are fewer names that are larger than Cloud 9 and Fnatic . Both of these teams have been powerhouses within their respective regions for quite some time and they 're each looking to claim a spot within the prestigious Worlds Group Stage . For these two teams , more than just a place into the next part of the tournament is what 's at stake , there 's a sense of pride for their legacy as upstanding organizations . Let 's delve into what it 's going to take for FNC and C9 to secure their victories .
* Courtesy of Riot Games
Cloud 9 made a statement that they can utterly stomp their obstacles , with a convincing victory over Team ONE as Nicolaj “ Jensen ” Jensen played with the dominance of a world class player . C9 have also revealed their hand in showing that Jensen can play Galio , which should be an important pick/ban in their upcoming match-up against Lyon Gaming .
Lyon Gaming have hinted that they are willing to play Galio , using the champion to great effect in their second match against Gambit Gaming , constantly pressuring Alexander “ PvPStejos ” Glazkov with a 2v1 disadvantage and expanding their solo lane pressure to overtake the rest of the map .
* Courtesy of Riot Games
The draft phase becomes very intricate , with both teams acknowledging the power of Xayah and Rakan , along with the Jarvan and Galio combo . The key here will be for C9 to force Ali “ Seiya ” Bracamontes into a skill matchup against Jensen and the C9 bot lane to play with the utmost caution , as LYN will most likely look to play through the bot lane , given the skill discrepancy between the mid laners and the titan Jung “ Impact ” Eon-yeong having shown to be a rock in the top lane . Zachery “ Sneaky ” Scuderi and Andy “ Smoothie ” Ta have n't looked bad this tournament , but they have n't really had an outstanding performance either . What makes this for a concern is that they are now going against the formidable LYN ADC Matías “ WhiteLotus ” Musso , and we may see this lane crumble if Jensen does n't exert the amount of pressure they usually do . Lucky for C9 , their coach Bok “ Reapered ” Han-gyu plays chess while everyone else plays checkers . The draft and the experience of playing strong NA teams in a Bo5 setting is what separate these two teams drastically . Keep your eyes on Reapered 's draft to showcase how to deal with the bot lane problem .
Fnatic have shown signs of strength in their convincing first victory over Kaos Latin Gamers as the game was basically over after 10 minutes , with Sebastián “ Tierwulf ” Mateluna ganking the FNC bot lane too early and Mads “ Broxah ” Brock-Pedersen crushing them with invading KLG 's jungle for the entirety of the early game .
FNC have also shown weakness during their last game of the Play-Ins , losing to Young Generation in a grueling 32-minute backdoor panic attack . YG were able to take advantage of FNC 's bot lane with 2 early kills , up 25 CS at 12 minutes and the bot tier 1 taken in quick fashion . YG then used their bot lane to snowball around the map and secure a victory . Martin “ Rekkles ” Larsson and Jesse “ Jesiz ” Le have n't been playing to their maximum this tournament and although T-Mobile gave Rekkles the award for Best on The Rift , FNC 's bot lane game play points towards a different story .
FNC 's first match against YG proved to be just as brutal as their last game , with YG heavily drafting towards banning out Rekkless , putting them on Varus against Đặng “ BigKoro ” Ngọc Tài 's Draven . FNC 's macro was also off , making a bad play at the 20-minute mark , to get YG 's tier 2 bot lane tower and sacrificing their mid lane inhibitor . FNC displayed clear problems around mid as well , with Rasmus “ Caps ” Winther playing sub-optimally and , quite frankly disrespectful towards their opponents in their first YG game , getting solo killed…twice . YG 's plan was to execute FNC swiftly before the team fighting phase rolled around , which almost worked , but FNC proved once again why they 're known to be a top team . Luckily , FNC can put this all behind them as they will be facing against Hong Kong Attitude .
* Courtesy of Riot Games
Hong Kong Attitude are at a higher pedigree and proved too much for the likes of the LJL 's Rampage , as in both games , their jungler Cheung “ Godkwai ” Wo Kwai knew exactly where to be on the map and tracked RPG 's jungler to great effectiveness , especially in their first match against each other . The real power comes from HKA 's ADC Huang “ Unified ” Jun-ji as they exemplified how powerful their laning phase can be , often times getting HKA so far ahead that they did n't have to think about which objectives to put priority over . What this team lacks is baron control , displaying time and time again that they are willing to go for the 50/50 baron smite . This is the weakness FNC may look to punish them during the later stages of the game . As long as FNC are able to survive the early game , their veterans should be able to guide the rest of the rookie squad to victory .
Pride is on the line for both Western teams and this marks the first time that both NA and EU have had to go through Play-Ins to attain a third seed . Both of their matches will not be an easy task , as the Wildcard teams have proven to be formidable this time around .
Predictions :
Cloud 9 — ( 3–1 )
Hong Kong Attitude — ( 3–2 )
The Latin Union was an international organization of nations that used Romance languages that existed as a functional institution from 1983 to 2012 . Its aim was to protect , project , and promote the common cultural heritage of Latin peoples and unifying identities of the Latin , and Latin-influenced , world . It was created in 1954 in Madrid , Spain , and its membership rose from 12 to 36 states , including countries in North America , South America , Europe , Africa , and the Asia-Pacific region . [ 2 ]
The official names of the Latin Union were : Union Latine in French , Unione Latina in Italian , União Latina in Portuguese , Uniunea Latină in Romanian , Unión Latina in Spanish , and Unió Llatina in Catalan . [ 3 ]
Due to financial difficulties , the Latin Union announced on 26 January 2012 the suspension of its activities , the dissolution of its Secretariat General ( effective July 31 , 2012 ) and termination of employment for all the organization 's personnel . [ 4 ]
Membership [ edit ]
According to the Latin Union 's website , membership was open to any nation that met the following criteria :
Linguistic criteria : Official language derived from Latin Latin-derived language used in education Latin-derived language commonly used in the mass media or in daily life
Linguistic/cultural criteria : Existence of significant literature in a Latin-derived language Press and publication in Latin-derived language Television with a strong proportion of the programming in a Latin-derived language Radio widely broadcast in a Latin-derived language
Cultural criteria : Direct or indirect inheritance of the legacy of Ancient Rome , to which the state remains faithful and which it perpetuates mainly through the education of Latin Cultural education of Latin-derived foreign languages Exchange programmes with other Latin countries Societal organization , particularly in the legal plane , based on respect for fundamental liberties , the general principles of human rights and democracy , tolerance , and freedom of religion
Official languages [ edit ]
The official languages of the Latin Union were Spanish , French , Italian , Portuguese , Romanian , and Catalan . Spanish , French , Italian and Portuguese were used as working languages . All the texts of general diffusion were translated into these four languages , with some also going into Romanian and Catalan .
Organization [ edit ]
The Union was composed of three main bodies , namely , the Congress , the Executive Council , and the General Secretariat .
Congress [ edit ]
The Congress , which consisted of the representatives of all the Member States , met in ordinary assembly every two years . Its main functions were
to adopt the budget ,
to define the general direction of the Union ,
to receive the new Member States formally , and
to elect and appoint different Member States to be the Presidents , Vice-Presidents , and members of the sub-organisations of the Union .
A President and two Vice-Presidents were also elected by the Congress . Oleg Serebrian from the Republic of Moldova was the last President .
There were also two auxiliary bodies of the Congress , namely , the Commission of Adhesions and the Commission of Candidacies .
The Commission of Adhesions was composed of 10 Member States and was responsible for promoting the adherence of all the Member States of the Union .
The Commission of Candidacies was composed of 9 Member States and was responsible for examining the validity of the candidacies , taking account of the geographical and linguistic-cultural division .
Executive Council [ edit ]
The Executive Council was the executive branch of the Union . It consisted of 12 Member States , which were elected by the Congress every four years , and led by a President and two Vice-Presidents , which were also elected by the Congress .
There were also two auxiliary commissions sub-ordinated to the Executive Council :
The Commission of Finance and Programmes
The Commission of Statues
General Secretariat [ edit ]
The Latin Union was directed by a Secretary-General appointed every four years by the Congress . The Secretary was in charge of the execution of the programmes and implemented the decisions made by the Congress and the Executive Council in the matter of budget and general direction . Jose Luis Dicenta Ballester was at one time Secretary-General of the Union .
Subordinated to the Secretary-General , there were 4 directors :
Director of Administration and Finance
Director of Culture and Communication
Director of Promotion and Education of the Languages
Director of Terminology and Industry of the Language
Finance [ edit ]
The finance of the Union was mainly supported by the obligatory contributions from the Member States . For some activities , the Union may have collaborated with other public or private institutions .
Map of Latin Union [ edit ]
Member states of the Latin Union .
See also [ edit ]
The White House on Tuesday denounced an outbreak of violence at Nevada 's Democratic convention that many in the party blamed on supporters of presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The president on a number of occasions has spoken out against violence and has certainly said a political dispute like this can never be used to justify violence or a threat of violence , ” White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters .
The Las Vegas convention had to be shut down on Saturday after some Sanders supporters angry over delegate allocation resorted to throwing chairs .
Sanders supporters were frustrated that Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE , who won the state 's caucuses in February , was able to pick up additional delegates , despite the fact that they packed the convention .
The state party 's chairperson , Roberta Lange , also reported death threats from backers of the Vermont senator .
Earnest said disputes like the one in Nevada should be resolved peacefully and that the “ expectation the president has is that there will be a strong commitment to that principle of nonviolence . ”
Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said Tuesday that they reached out to the Clinton and Sanders campaign , asking them to denounce the chaos in Nevada .
Imagine this : You 're one of the first people in the world to get your hands on Apple 's newest iPhone . What 's the first thing you do ?
If you 're 18-year-old Jack Cooksey , you drop your brand-new device on the ground .
The Perth resident was the first person in the Australian city to purchase the iPhone 6 . When they were being interviewed by a reporter from 9 News Perth , they were so eager to show off the device that they could barely contain their excitement—or the phone itself .
YouTube user danieljurgens , who was standing nearby , caught a different perspective of the incident .
Since the phone was still guarded by some of its original packaging , it did n't appear that Cooksey was going to go home with one of the world 's first-ever cracked iPhone 6 screens . Besides , it 's already been proven that the phone 's screen can apparently survive everything from drops to knives .
Hopefully , Cooksey decided to make an Otterbox case their second purchase that day . Just in case .
H/T 9news.com.au | Photo by Sam Howzit/Flickr ( CC BY 2.0 ) | Remix by Fernando Alfonso III
The filing also disclosed that Sumner Redstone would leave their voting role on the CBS board as of the annual shareholder meeting in May .
CBS Corp. chairperson , president and CEO Leslie Moonves received compensation of $ 69.6 million in 2016 , up 22.5 percent compared with $ 56.8 million in 2015 and up from $ 57.2 million in 2014 , according to the company 's proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday .
Their higher pay came as CBS continued to perform well last year , with 2016 adjusted earnings per share up 24 percent to a record $ 4.11 , earnings per share from continuing operations up 9 percent to a record $ 3.46 and its stock up 35 percent . The majority of Moonves ' pay is performance-based and comes in the form of a bonus and stock and options awards .
The CBS board of directors in their proxy filing offered firm support for Moonves , including in their dual role as CEO and chairperson , for `` distinguishing the company as a producer of world-class content across all mediums and identifying and developing key new revenue streams for future growth . ''
The proxy statement also disclosed that chairperson emeritus and controlling shareholder Sumner Redstone would leave their voting role on the CBS board as of the annual shareholder meeting in May . The move mirrors one announced by Viacom , which Redstone 's National Amusements also controls , ahead of its most recent annual meeting .
CBS ' filing highlighted that Redstone would continue to be able to participate in its board meetings in a nonvoting role .
Moonves got $ 31.9 million in stock awards in 2016 , compared with $ 25.5 million in 2015 , no stock options , compared with $ 7.2 million in the year before , and a $ 32.0 million bonus , compared with $ 19 million . Their base salary stayed unchanged at $ 3.5 million , while their “ other ” compensation amounted to $ 1.1 million .
Moonves also amended their contract with CBS last year with an additional incentive package to reflect their new role as chairperson and to cover the period from Feb. 18 , 2016 , to June 30 , 2019 . The CBS boss has been with the network since 1995 and has led it since its split from Viacom , which was announced in 2005 and took effect at the start of 2006 .
For most of that time , Moonves has overseen the company with the highest-rated broadcast network and strong financials . The proxy statement indicated the 2016 fiscal year was `` exceptional '' for CBS , as Moonves and their management team strengthened the company 's financial position , monetized its premium content and maximized ad revenues . `` The company continued to position itself for long-term success , rewarding its stockholders in the process , '' stated the filing .
In addition to the CBS broadcast network , the company 's portfolio includes Showtime , the CBS Sports Network , CBS Films , 50 percent of The CW and other businesses . The proxy filing noted CBS ended the 2015-2016 TV season as the top-rated U.S. network for the eighth year running .
Other highlights noted by the board in the filing include CBS increasing retransmission and station affiliation revenues by 35 percent year-on-year in fiscal 2016 , growing the number of subscribers for the CBS All Access and Showtime online video platforms and reaching an agreement with the NFL to stream live pro football games .
The filing also disclosed the 2016 pay for 93-year-old chairperson emeritus Redstone , which amounted to $ 1.1 million . They have been scaling back their role in recent years . In December , National Amusements asked Viacom and CBS to stop looking at a recombination that it had previously proposed for them to consider . In 2015 , Redstone had made $ 1.8 million at CBS , down from $ 10.8 million in 2014 and $ 57.2 million the year before that .
Among other things , the proxy also disclosed the annual pay for CBS Corp. COO Joseph Ianniello . It rose from $ 26.4 million to $ 29.0 million .
Etan Vlessing in Toronto contributed to this report .
Harlem-based hip hop star Azealia Banks got a lot more popular with the girls when they came out as bisexual in the New York Times this February , telling the paper , “ I 'm not trying to be , like , the bisexual , lesbian rapper . I do n't live on other people 's terms ... I 've been out for three years , I 've been around . ”
Labels or not , Banks hinted at their love of vag in their pulsating maxi hit , 212 , the video of which has gotten something like three million views on YouTube . One lyric : “ She knows where I get mine from , end of season / Now they wan na lick my plum in the evening / And fit that ton-tongue d-deep in /I guess that cunt getting eaten. ” The last line , in which Banks — like queer author Inga Musico before them — reclaims the C word , is repeated at least five times , in case listeners missed it .
Banks took Coachella Music and Arts Festival by storm on Sunday , and now their full set is available to view . Watch this smoking hot powerhouse below :
Follow SheWired on Facebook .
Follow SheWired on Twitter .
Jan. 18 , 2015 : Preparations to launch NOAA 's Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft , or DSCOVR , near completion in the Building 1 high bay of the Astrotech payload processing facility near Kennedy Space Center . ( Photo : NASA )
With the new millennium approaching , then-Vice President Al Gore proposed a small satellite whose view of the entire Earth would be shared on the Internet and help inspire a new generation to protect the planet .
More than 15 years later , the spacecraft born from Gore 's vision has emerged from a decade exiled in storage with a new name and mission , and is poised to shed its partisan history with a sunset launch Sunday from Cape Canaveral .
`` This is probably one of the more unusual stories of a NASA science mission , '' said Dave Weldon of Indialantic , a former Republican member of congress who was an opponent of the mission critics once mocked as `` GoreSat . ''
The former vice president is expected to attend the planned 6:10 p.m. Sunday blastoff of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket with the mission they named Triana — for the Christopher Columbus lookout who spotted the New World in 1492 — now called the Deep Space Climate Observatory , or DSCOVR .
Gore representatives this week did not respond to a message seeking their comment on the launch .
Years after the mission first sparked political debate over its science value , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says it will play a critical role monitoring space weather that can damage satellites , power grids and other infrastructure .
`` The effort to bring DSCOVR to the launch pad has been quite a journey , '' said Doug Whiteley , deputy director of the Office of Systems Development at NOAA 's Satellite and Information Service .
In March 1998 , Gore imagined Triana by 2000 providing dramatic images of the distant , sunlit Earth that would have an impact similar to that of Apollo 8 's `` Earth Rising '' in 1968 and Apollo 17 's `` Blue Marble '' in 1972 .
Making the high-definition images available around the clock on the Internet and TV , they said , `` will awaken a new generation to the environment and educate millions of children around the globe . ''
The mission was to cost no more than $ 50 million .
But a year later , NASA 's inspector general released a critical report suggesting the agency reassess the mission .
According to the report , the mission 's concept had not been subjected to the usual scrutiny , and its cost had grown to nearly $ 100 million as NASA broadened its science goals .
`` A low-cost mission primarily aimed at inspiring and educating students and the public has become a larger , higher-cost science mission with , as yet , minimal educational content , '' the report said .
The inspector general went as far as to suggest an alternative `` Virtual Triana '' mission that would organize online `` the vast array of satellite pictures of the Earth already publicly available . ''
Congressional Republicans including Weldon considered Triana a waste of money .
`` We 're spending all these millions of dollars on just a visual , and it was Al Gore 's idea , '' recalled Weldon , a physician who left the U.S. House in 2008 after 14 years representing Florida 's 15th district . `` I remember feeling at the time that this was an inappropriate use of taxpayer dollars . It was for all intents and purposes going to be a screen saver . ''
Congress ordered a National Academy of Sciences review that validated the mission 's science merits , and decided that any launch should n't happen until after the 2000 presidential election .
Those delays bumped Triana from its planned late 2000 launch from Kennedy Space Center aboard the space shuttle Columbia .
Budgets then reduced the number of planned shuttle flights , which were focused on assembling the fledgling International Space Station .
In 2001 , after George W. Bush defeated Gore to become president , NASA moved Triana into a storage box at the Goddard Space Flight Facility in Maryland , with no promise that it would ever launch .
Seven years later , NOAA asked NASA to test the spacecraft to see if still worked .
It did , and the weather agency determined it would be an ideal replacement and upgrade for the aging NASA research satellite it has relied on to generate alerts about potentially dangerous solar storms .
`` Every major public infrastructure system , including satellites , GPS , aviation and the electric power industry is at risk from space weather , '' said Douglas Biesecker , chief scientist at NOAA 's Space Weather Prediction Center in Boulder , Colo. `` As our society has grown more dependent on technology , space weather forecasting has become more important . ''
As originally planned , the satellite will orbit the sun nearly a million miles from Earth , at a stable point in space where the sun 's and Earth 's gravity cancel each other out .
When a blast of solar wind hits the spacecraft , forecasters will be able to give satellite or grid operators up to an hour 's notice if they should take steps to protect their systems .
A pair of NASA science instruments also will support climate research with measurements of ozone , aerosols , cloud heights , vegetation properties and radiation .
NASA in 2012 pulled the renamed spacecraft from storage to get it ready for flight .
`` We were fairly fortunate , '' said Whiteley . `` There really were n't a whole lot of major issues that they encountered in terms of refurbishing the spacecraft for this mission . ''
The spacecraft and its instruments are essentially the same as from the start , but the mission has a different focus with NOAA now in charge .
The years in storage and the refurbishment effort increased the mission 's cost to $ 340 million , including the Falcon 9 rocket .
Gore 's early involvement will remain central to the spacecraft 's legacy , but the political fight over it has long since subsided .
`` It 's a different situation now , '' said Weldon . `` If this administration and this Congress wants to fund , let 's do it . ''
Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 or jdean @ floridatoday.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ flatoday_jdean
Sunday Launch
Rocket : SpaceX Falcon 9
Mission : Deep Space Climate Observatory ( DSCOVR )
Launch time : 6:10 p.m. Sunday
Launch window : Instantaneous
Launch complex : 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Weather : 90 percent `` go ''
Visit floridatoday.com for live countdown updates starting at 5 p.m. Sunday .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.flatoday.com/1DN4jRF
San Onofre at the No Nukes Brink
In January , it seemed the restart of San Onofre Unit 2 would be a corporate cake walk .
With its massive money and clout , Southern California Edison was ready to ram through a license exception for a reactor whose botched $ 770 million steam generator fix had kept it shut for a year .
But a funny thing has happened on the way to the restart : a No Nukes groundswell has turned this routine rubber stamping into an epic battle the grassroots just might win .
Indeed , if ever there was a time when individual activism could have a magnified impact , this is it ( see www.sanonofresafety.org and www.a4nr.org ) .
This comes as the nuclear industry is in nearly full retreat . Two US reactors are already down this year . Yet another proposed project has just been cancelled in North Carolina . And powerful grassroots campaigns have pushed numerous operating reactors to the brink of extinction throughout the US , Europe and Japan , where all but two reactors remain shut since Fukushima .
In California , it 's San Onofre that 's perched at the brink .
By all accounts Southern California Edison should have the clout to restart it with ease . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has been a notorious rubber stamp for decades . The California Public Utilities Commission , which decides how much the utilities can gouge from the ratepayers , has long been in Edison 's pocket . State water quality regulations could force Edison to build cooling towers , a very expensive proposition that would likely lead to a quick retirement . But Gov . Jerry Brown has been deafeningly silent on the issue .
But San Onofre sits in an earthquake/tsunami zone halfway between Los Angeles and San Diego . At least 8 million people live within a 50 mile radius , many millions more within 100 . The reactors are a stone 's throw from both a major interstate and the high tide line , with a 14-foot flood wall a bare fraction of the height of the tsunami that overwhelmed at Fukushima .
San Onofre Unit One was shut in 1992 by steam generator issues . Edison recently spent some three-quarters of a billion dollars upgrading the steam generators for Units 2 and 3 . But the pipes have leaked and failed . Units 2 and 3 have been shut since January 2012 . Edison has now asked the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for permission to run Unit 2 at 70 % power for five months to see how the reactor might do . An NRC panel has termed the idea “ experimental . ”
Edison is desperate to get the reactor running before summer . But in the wake of Fukushima , and in the midst of a major boom in solar energy , southern California is rising up to stop that from happening :
A dozen cities , towns and public organizations—including a unanimous Los Angeles city council and the public school district of San Diego—have asked that public hearings and/or further in-depth , transparent investigations be held before the reactors reopen .
US Senator Barbara Boxer ( D-CA ) and Representative Ed Markey ( D-MA ) have asked the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to thoroughly investigate all relevant issues—-and to make them public—before restart can occur . The Boxer/Markey inquiry has included some heated dialogue with regulatory staff . It 's raised critical questions about whether Edison knew it was installing faulty equipment in the first place , a potentially explosive revelation given the dangers and costs involved .
Newly revealed correspondence between Edison and Mitsubishi over additional steam generator issues reveal persistent unresolved disagreements about the technology involved and what needs to be done about it , casting further doubt on what might constitute safe operating procedures .
In response to a suit by Friends of the Earth , the NRC 's Atomic Safety and Licensing Board has ruled that Edison 's restart application in fact constitutes a license amendment , which should require a full public hearing . The NRC Commissioners could overrule its licensing board . But this was a unanimous decision and the public and Congressional outcry would be substantial . It 's a huge setback for Edison , damaging what 's left of its credibility and likely pushing restart far into the future . There 's also much Edison is likely to want hidden from the public record .
NRC Chair Allison Macfarlane now says San Onofre can not be licensed to restart at least until late June , which probably pushes any actual restart date until after the summer .
So this could become the region 's second straight peak season with no power from San Onofre . Despite utility rhetoric , its absence last summer caused no blackouts or significant shortages , and none are expected this summer either . Edison 's argument that the reactors are needed to keep the region cool and lit will thus disappear .
Edison CEO Theodore Craver now says San Onofre could be permanently shut before the end of the year . “ Edison is hemorrhaging cash at San Onofre , ” says FOE 's Damon Moglen . Craver is “ a financial guy ” who is now just “ looking for the right numbers to get to shut-down . ”
It 's common in the nuke blackmail business for a utility to threaten to shut a reactor where jobs and power are desperately needed . But Edison now has a more desperate theme . The spread of solar throughout southern California will bring far more jobs than San Onofre can begin to promise . A new feed-in tariff in Los Angeles has helped spread solar panels throughout the region .
Edison billed southern California ratepayers roughly $ 1 billion for San Onofre in 2012 even though it generated no juice . The CPUC would probably let them do it again , but public awareness and anger levels have soared . Major media throughout the region have been pummeling Edison , largely over economic issues .
Should San Onofre stay dead , its power void will fast be filled by cheaper , cleaner , safer green technologies destined to make southern California a major focal point in the global march to Solartopia .
This shutdown would take the number of licensed US reactors down to 100 . With others on the brink at Indian Point , Vermont Yankee , Oyster Creek and elsewhere , the race to shut the world 's nukes before the next Fukushima is turning the so-called nuclear renaissance into an all-out reactor retreat .
Harvey Wasserman edits www.nukefree.org , where this first appeared . HARVEY WASSERMAN 'S HISTORY OF THE US is at www.harveywasserman.com , along with SOLARTOPIA ! OUR GREEN-POWERED EARTH
Photo by Timothy Tolle released under a Creative Commons license .
1938 : Cops in Indianapolis put the drunkometer to its first practical New Year 's Eve test as a breath analyzer . It proves a success .
The drunkometer , which some of you older imbibers might remember from when the cop made you breathe into a balloon , was invented by Dr. Rolla N. Harger , an Indiana University biochemist , in 1931 . They patented their device in 1936 and helped draft the act that made it the legal method for helping establish blood-alcohol level .
Harger 's drunkometer , a model of simplicity , was the first tool to successfully measure alcohol levels using breath analysis . The subject being tested blew into a balloon . The captured air was then mixed with a chemical solution , which changed color if alcohol was present . The darker the solution became , the more alcohol contained in the breath .
From there , the level of alcohol in the person 's bloodstream was estimated using a mathematical formula , which Harger also developed . As they pushed for their patent , Harger also pushed to outlaw drunk driving , which , in the wake of Prohibition 's end , was becoming more than a nuisance .
Simple as it was , Harger 's device had been a long time coming . Attempts to measure alcohol levels by measuring breath content date back to the late 1700s . Prior to the drunkometer , the only effective method was through the direct testing of blood or urine samples . While effective , both methods were cumbersome and costly — not to mention completely irrelevant in terms of preventing trouble . The beauty of Harger 's method was that police could pull drunk drivers off the road before an accident occurred .
Inebriation is apparently a subject of some interest in Indiana . In 1954 , the breathalyzer , the tool that eventually replaced Harger 's drunkometer , was invented there by Dr. Robert Borkenstein , a laboratory technician with the Indiana State Police .
No device can measure actual intoxication , however , since a variety of factors determine how alcohol affects individual drinkers . Hence the expressions hollow leg and cheap drunk .
Source : Various
Photo : Simulating a drunk , a willing subject demonstrates the drunkometer test .
Corbis
This article first appeared on Wired.com Dec. 31 , 2008 .
ICONOMI Monthly Update — July 2017
Ervin K. Ursic Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 7 , 2017
Dear ICONOMI supporters ,
We are pleased to inform you that the ICONOMI platform was released on August 1st and has since then attracted more than 10,000 new users . Everyone is able to sign up and buy & sell ICNX on the platform . ICNX will be tokenized and available for withdrawal to external wallets and exchanges shortly .
Applications to become a Digital Asset Array manager are open
The release of the platform also brought applications to become one of the first Digital Asset Array managers , enabling the creation of your own combinations of digital assets . Anyone interested is welcome to apply , especially those with a successful track record in asset management , crypto or otherwise.To apply , please fill out the application form .
ICONOMI at Coinagenda Europe
ICONOMI attended Coinagenda in Barcelona where our co-founders , Tim Mitja Zagar and Jani Valjavec appeared as guest speakers . Coinagenda 's mission is to connect and inform investors and entrepreneurs in the bitcoin , blockchain and cryptocurrency sectors . Tim Mitja Zagar , ICONOMI Co-founder & CEO , was a speaker on the panel Family Offices Read the Tea Leaves : “ How Much Investment , How Soon ? ” , while Jani Valjavec , Co-founder & CTO–trading gave a speech on “ What Creates , Grows and Sustains Token Value ” , both igniting a new group discussion topic .
ICONOMI Q2 Financial Report
The book value of ICONOMI at the end of Q2 2017 reached $ 108,549,800.00 and represents an approximate increase of 402.4 % in the quarter . The crypto market environment was overall very favourable in the second quarter . A large boost to ICONOMI 's assets also came from the Cofound.it is token sale , where ICONOMI received 10 % of total CFI token supply , corresponding to $ 8,621,000 at the end of the second quarter .
Please see our blog post for a more detailed analysis .
ICNP invested in district0x
districtOx is a 100 network of decentralised markets and communities . Districts exist as decentralised autonomous organisations on the districtOx network , built upon a standard open source framework comprised of Ethereum smart contracts and front-end libraries– d0xINFRA . It provides districts with the core functionalities required to operate an online market or community . Namely , the ability for users to post listings , filter and search through listings , rank peers and amass reputation , and send invoices and collect payments .
ICNP participated in the districtOx sale with 3000 ETH .
Yours sincerely ,
The ICONOMI team
( CNN ) -- The second edition of an online al Qaeda magazine has surfaced with frank essays , creatively designed imagery and ominous terror tips such as using a pickup truck as a weapon and shooting up a crowded restaurant in Washington .
The magazine is called `` Inspire '' and intelligence officials believe that an American citizen named Samir Khan , now living in Yemen , is the driving force behind the publication .
The latest edition was emerged on the 10th anniversary of the suicide attack on the guided missile destroyer USS Cole -- struck as it refueled in Aden , Yemen . The first edition came out in July .
Christopher Boucek , a Yemen expert with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said the timing is no coincidence .
`` It also comes on the heels of a busy week for al Qaeda in Yemen . They released an hourlong video last week . There was also an attack on a British Convoy in Sanaa [ Yemen 's capital ] last week . And an audiotape was released two days ago . Al Qaeda in Yemen is good at amplifying its message and that shows the organization is still active , that they 're still able to function , '' they said .
An article titled `` The Ultimate Mowing Machine '' calls for using a pickup truck as a `` mowing machine , not to mow grass but mow down the enemies of Allah . ''
The article says that such a plan could be implemented in countries where people back the `` Israeli occupation of Palestine , the American invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq or countries that had a prominent role in the defamation of Muhammad . ''
It said a four-wheel-drive pickup truck is needed -- `` the stronger the better . ''
`` To achieve maximum carnage , you need to pick up as much speed as you can while still retaining good control of your vehicle in order to maximize your inertia and be able to strike as many people as possible in your first run , '' the article says .
Another tip in the magazine includes the use of firearms .
`` For this choose the best location . A random hit at a crowded restaurant in Washington DC at lunch hour , for example , might end up knocking out a few government employees .
`` Targeting such employees is paramount and the location would also give the operation additional media attention . ''
An idea in the first edition , `` Make a Bomb in the Kitchen of Your Mom , '' is touched on again .
`` The pressurized cooker should be placed in crowded areas and left to blow up . More than one of these could be planted to explode at the same time . However , keep in mind that the range of the shrapnel in this operation is short range so the pressurized cooker or pipe should be placed close to the intended targets and should not be concealed from them by barriers such as walls . ''
Adam Raisman , senior analyst at SITE Intelligence Group , said the `` very well-presented magazine '' covers a variety of topics , is meant to reach a wider audience , and tries to be tongue-in-cheek in its presentation .
`` The magazine has suggestions , ideology it attempts to instill in the reader , and it includes tips for technology , '' Raisman said .
Boucek said the `` big takeaway '' is that the magazine is focusing on what the individual can do .
`` The message to the lone actor is to be patient -- that you can do it -- you can participate in this , '' they said .
There are writings in the magazine by Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who U.S. authorities have linked to the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner in December . Samir Khan wrote an article titled `` I Am Proud to be a Traitor to America . ''
There is also recycled material . The latest issue includes recent commentary from Adam Yahiye Gadahn , who is an American , about President Barack Obama .
CNN 's Joe Sterling and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON—In an effort to restore the public 's faith in law enforcement , President Obama made an impassioned appeal this week , calling for the installation of turret-mounted video cameras on all police tanks . “ This initiative will ensure that police officers across the country will be held accountable for their actions as they pour out of an 18-ton combat vehicle in response to a routine call , ” said Obama , who announced a detailed plan to allocate funding to equip every single armored personnel carrier , landmine-resistant SWAT van , and battle-ready half-track with an onboard camcorder to monitor police conduct . “ If the police are forced to discharge a high-caliber , vehicle-mounted weapon in the line of duty , we 'll know why . Furthermore , this policy will discourage the misuse of shell-proof tanks in our communities. ” The president added that they are hopeful that turret-mounted video cameras would help to reestablish trust between officers equipped with military-grade technology and the populations they are sworn to protect .
Advertisement
Buying Your Vote Dark Money and Big Data
4/10 : This post has been updated with response from Whitehouse 's office .
A Democratic senator is pushing for an investigation of nonprofit groups that told the Internal Revenue Service they would not engage in political activity — and then spent millions attacking or praising candidates in 2012 elections .
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , said at a campaign finance hearing yesterday that there were “ numerous instances ” in which nonprofit groups may have made false statements to the IRS about whether they planned to be involved in federal or local elections .
Applications for tax-exempt status are submitted to the IRS under penalty of perjury . If the IRS is not well-suited to investigate these “ plain vanilla criminal cases , ” the U.S. Department of Justice should , Whitehouse said .
ProPublica has reported extensively on the gap between what these groups told the IRS they would do in their applications for tax-exempt status and what they actually did .
Part of the benefit of being recognized by the IRS as a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) nonprofit is that these “ social welfare ” groups do not have to disclose their donors publicly . But in order to quality as a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) , groups can not make influencing elections their primary activity .
In 2008 , Western Tradition Partnership , now known as American Tradition Partnership , told the IRS that it would not attempt to sway elections . Shortly before submitting this application , it had blitzed Montana voters with fliers weighing in on candidates in the state 's Republican primary . After the IRS approved the group 's tax-exempt status , it continued to send out fliers supporting or opposing candidates in both Montana and Colorado .
Similarly , the Government Integrity Fund told the IRS in 2011 that it did not plan to spend any money influencing elections . Then , in 2012 , the group spent more than $ 1 million on ads attacking Ohio Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown and praising their Republican opponent , Josh Mandel .
When Arizona-based Americans for Responsible Leadership applied for tax-exempt status in 2012 , the group had already spent $ 5,300 on get-out-the-vote efforts for Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , and given $ 57,500 to two Republican political committees in Arizona .
But it told the IRS in a confidential filing that it had not spent any money , and did not plan to spend any money , influencing state , local , or federal elections . The group would go on to spend $ 5.2 million on campaign activities in the fall of 2012 , most of it on phone calls urging the defeat of President Barack Obama .
After ProPublica ran a story on the group , a lawyer for Americans for Responsible Leadership told the Arizona Capital Times that the group had submitted an “ amended application ” to the IRS that “ corrected the error . ”
The Government Integrity Fund told ProPublica that it worked hard to be in compliance with the law and that “ Legally , the concept of ‘ influencing elections ' has been narrowly defined . ”
And the American Tradition Partnership 's executive director said that ATP had obeyed all applicable laws and “ does not , and never will , tell voters which candidates to vote for . ''
At the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee hearing on campaign finance law enforcement hearing , Whitehouse did not mention any nonprofit groups by name , but they cited ProPublica 's reporting on these groups at length in their introduction to the hearing , as their spokesperson noted .
Whether or not the IRS or the Justice Department is already investigating any of these groups is not clear . Representatives who testified at the hearing would not comment on any ongoing investigations .
Larry Noble , the president of Americans for Campaign Reform , said at the hearing that the IRS and the Justice Department were hesitant to enforce the laws on the books because of “ fear of getting involved in politics , fear of being called partisan when you 're not . ”
Mythili Raman , the acting assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's criminal division , testified that the rise of new 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) groups active in politics increased the risk of “ bad actors using the anonymity that 's given to them when they donate ” to corrupt the political process .
Raman said that the department needed more transparency in order to enforce anti-corruption laws—as well as a clearer definition of “ coordination. ” Super PACs and 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) “ dark money ” nonprofits can raise unlimited amounts of money , but they are n't allowed to “ coordinate ” their advertising spending or other political activities with candidates ' campaign . Proving coordination , though , is n't easy .
“ We simply do n't have the tools to tell if super PACs are illegally coordinating with campaigns , ” Raman testified .
Part of the issue , they said in their prepared testimony , was that the Federal Elections Committee has failed to define whether certain activities— like a candidate 's mother running a super PAC expressly supporting their candidacy—count as coordination .
Whitehouse also pressed for investigations of whether individuals or organizations had created “ shell companies ” or used 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) 's to donate money to political action committees in order to avoid disclosure requirements . Americans for Responsible Leadership is currently under investigation in California for what a state watchdog group called “ campaign money laundering . ”
Sen. Ted Cruz , a Texas Republican , said at the hearing that aggressive enforcement of campaign finance laws might restrict free speech . They cautioned against any “ prior restraint , or punishment after the fact ” for citizens who choose to speak out against their elected officials .
Cruz said that Organizing for Action , a continuation of Obama 's reelection campaign that is now operating as a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) nonprofit , was currently running ads against him , and that their campaign for Senate had been on “ the receiving end of $ 35 million in attack ads . ”
“ God bless them for speaking out and being involved in politics , ” Cruz said .
Astros designated hitter Evan Gattis recently had hernia surgery , and their recovery is expected to take four to six weeks . Astros designated hitter Evan Gattis recently had hernia surgery , and their recovery is expected to take four to six weeks . Photo : Houston Chronicle Photo : Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Recent hernia surgery to limit Astros ' Evan Gattis this spring 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
One of the Astros ' big bats wo n't be taking hacks when the Astros hold their first full workout on Feb. 23 .
Astros designated hitter Evan Gattis recently underwent surgery to repair a hernia , the Chronicle has learned , taking away most of their spring training at a minimum . The recovery is four to six weeks but fortunately for Gattis and the Astros , the injury is not considered severe .
Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow could not immediately be reached by phone .
Gattis , 29 , is entering their second season with the Astros . They have an arbitration hearing set for Feb. 16 , with the team and player far apart — and their health a new wrinkle .
The Astros proposed a 2016 salary of $ 3 million while Gattis asked for $ 3.8 million . It 's unclear how significantly their operation will affect their case .
Gattis hit 27 home runs last season , with a .246 average , .285 on-base percentage and .463 slugging percentage . A terrible April gave way to stronger numbers : they had a .267/.309/.488 line from May 24 through the end of the regular season , a span of 112 games and 109 starts .
Gattis ' absence might further open the door for first-base prospects Jon Singleton , Tyler White and A.J . Reed .
Tantric is a gay bar in Singapore . Photo by David Allegretti
I was watching the European Cup at a dingy bar in Singapore . Sitting next to me was an older man . Both of us were drinking in silence when two young guys walked by , hand in hand . I smiled at them , and the older man next to me scoffed .
`` Are you gay ? '' they asked with visible alarm .
`` No , I just like seeing people happy . ''
`` Good , they will throw you in jail for that . ''
I knew the LGBTIQ community in Singapore lacks much of the rights afforded in other nations , but this jail thing is new to me . Fascinated , I did a quick Google search to find that according to Section 377A of Singapore 's Penal Code , `` any male person who , in public or private , commits , or abets the commission of , or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any male person of , any act of gross indecency with another male person , shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years . ''
While state-sanctioned homophobia receives a lot of attention in places like Russia , I feel the situation in Singapore is kept mostly under wraps . So I headed to Tantric , Singapore 's biggest gay bar , to speak to some locals about how they get around the country 's backward legislation .
Photo by David Allegretti
Jonathan , 20
VICE : Hi Jonathan , how do you find Singapore ?
Jonathan : I actually think it 's very fun . I feel like my straight friends are very boring people . I feel like gay people are more fun to be with .
Does your family know ?
I 'm still hiding it from them . I have n't told my parents because they 're quite religious . I think I will always hide it from them . I told my sister last year because I 'm very close to her , and I wanted to tell them about this guy I was dating . They took it quite well .
Do you feel angry that telling your family is still such a big deal ?
Well the government says they 're doing this because of what the people want , and I feel like I can sort of empathize with that from what I was taught growing up . I understand where people are coming from . It 's unfair , but I think everyone has their own opinion .
Photo by David Allegretti
Rave , 28
Hey Rave , do you feel like Singapore 's repressive laws are reflective of its culture ?
It 's actually quite open nowadays , not like the olden days . Although homosexuality is criminalized , it 's a non-enforced law unless you are convicted of molestation or rape ; then they 'll put the law in action . But if you 're just walking down the street hand in hand with another guy , then it 's OK , nobody will say anything .
Do you feel your friends and family accept you ?
My family is quite accepting . There are families that have a very traditional Asian way of thinking , and they try to change their children . But society-wise , people are much more accepting now . They wo n't scream at you or assault you on the street just because you are gay .
Why do you think such a law exists when it is so rarely enforced ?
Religion is a factor , so is tradition . Like what our prime minister says , `` The nation is not ready for it . ''
The prime minister once said that `` the family is the basic building block of this society . And by family in Singapore , we mean one man , one woman , marrying . '' Obviously in their view , same-sex relationships are n't legitimate . How do comments like this affect your future ?
I would move if I wanted to get married or adopt . I have plans for the UK , or any country that accepts me . But if we keep working and pushing for things like openness and awareness , then the new generations will start to accept it . I think that 's really the time when the whole nation can accept it because if you do a sudden push , there will be a pushback .
So you think change will come from the younger generation ?
Yes , I was openly gay in school , and none of my friends discriminated against me . I think most of the people who oppose it are in the older generation .
Would you say the opening of Tantric was a big step toward acceptance ?
Definitely . I think all gay places are about gay causes , so it is pushing for acceptance .
Photo by David Allegretti
Ruth , 22
Hi Ruth , what 's it like to be gay in Singapore ?
I 'm lucky to have gone to a school where everybody was quite open-minded , but actually the lesbian scene in Singapore is quite boring .
In what way is it boring ?
There 's just not that much culture around it ... but at least it 's not as hard as where I came from in Malaysia . I was very sheltered over there . Actually I only started to know what the term `` gay '' means when I came to Singapore . I always knew that I was kind of different , but I just ca n't describe it . I just thought that I 'm normal , that 's all .
Do you feel accepted by your family ?
I come from a very conservative family , so they wo n't really say they accept my sexuality . I 'm out to all my family , but they did n't accept it at the start . Now my grandpa 's totally cool with it , and my mom is just starting to accept me too , so it 's a very good thing . The only reason some people do n't accept it is because of the population pyramid . There are older people with an older mindset , and there 's religion .
Do you think the opening of more gay bars in Singapore are playing a role in promoting wider acceptance in the wider community ?
Definitely . Look around , it 's not just gays coming here . There are straight people coming too , which I think is a good thing—gay people and straight people sitting under one roof talking and having fun , it 's a good thing .
Photo by David Allegretti
Brett , 32 , ( an Australian ex-pat I found at Tantric )
Why do you think this law still exists ?
Colonialism , the British empire , and the vestiges of that empire , which people have n't really considered , is that the British government and the British people have moved on , but the colonial states have n't . But they will .
Do you think it 's just a matter of waiting for the older generation to die out for things to really change ?
No , I do n't think we need to wait . It 's an advanced economy , but it 's not an advanced society , yet . They 're tolerant of Muslims and other cultures here , great start , but be tolerant of other sexualities as well . I think it will come , and I think it will come quite rapidly . It 's just a matter of a legal case or something . Singapore has quite a strong legal system . If somebody challenges an unfair law , potentially they 'll win , and that will change society overnight , maybe .
Follow David Allegretti on Twitter .
Richard 'shox ' Papillon is no stranger to the best player lists , coming in at number 13 in this year 's top 20 ranking powered by EGB.com , thanks to their versatile high level play and solid numbers on the big stages .
After placing 3rd in 2013 , a year in which Richard `` shox '' Papillon had at times been considered the best player in the world , and 8th in 2014 , shox ranks five places lower than the year before for the second time in a row .
shox 's roots go back to CS 1.5 , with them moving on to every new version after its release , leading them to Counter Strike : Global Offensive through CS : Source , even including a short stint in 1.6 after they were already making their way in CS : S .
shox made their breakthrough in 2008 , and had already been signed to VeryGames for the first time by 2009 , a team they would later see much success with in both CS : S and CS : GO . By the time they signed for VG , shox was already being considered one of the best in the world .
After leaving VG in late 2009 , shox played for LDLC.com and 3DMAX , where they hooked up with current Titan teammate Adil `` ScreaM '' Benrlitom . That would n't last long , however , as shox would be on their way back to the top signing for VG once again . Alas , after internal problems , shox was removed from the lineup again in late 2011 .
With CS : GO 's arrival , ScreaM and shox—who had teamed up once again in Tt Dragons— , would make the jump together under Imaginary Gaming , a team they managed to take to LAN for the SLTV StarSeries IV finals , where they came in 3rd behind ESC and Virtus.pro .
shox and Ladislav `` GuardiaN '' Kovács crossed paths at one point
At the start of 2013 , however , it was ScreaM 's turn to head to VG , leaving shox to fend for themselves playing in different mix teams , including TCM-Gaming for which they qualified to StarSeries VI playing with now Na ` Vi superstar GuardiaN . Halfway through the year , though , it would be their time to return home and take the spot in VG that had just been left vacant by Kenny `` kennyS '' Schrub .
It was during late 2013 , after VeryGames managed to dethrone NiP and shox put in solid performance after solid performance , that they had started to be considered the best player in the world .
shox after slaying the Ninjas at RaidCall EMS One Fall 2013
At the top both individually and as a team , shox and the newly renamed Titan , would have a rough beginning to 2014 , ending up in shox switching places with kennyS and taking a spot in Clan-Mystik , the team that would eventually go on to represent Epsilon .
Epsilon was a limited team , and it came as no surprise that shox would take part in the French shuffle that ended up with a new iteration of LDLC.com , a team in which they and Epsilon teammate Fabien `` kioShiMa '' Fiey joined up with ex-Titan teammates Edouard `` SmithZz '' Dubourdeaux and Nathan `` NBK- '' Schmitt under the leadership of Vincent `` Happy '' Schopenhauer and would go on to win a major at Dreamhack Winter 2014 .
Cue 2015 . After their last success under the LDLC.com banner with a 1st place finish at the MLG X Games event in Aspen , Colorado , in which shox had been the 2nd best player on the team with a 1.15 ( +41 ) rating , and the best player in the final , North American organization EnVyUs signed the team ahead of what promised to be an eventful year .
Their first tournament as nV was n't their most successful , as the team fell in semifinals to fnatic at the Inferno Online Pantamera Challenge , with shox showing a modest 1.03 ( +2 ) rating .
Major time rolled around , and shox was ready . While the team would end up falling 2-0 to NiP in a catastrophic semifinal , shox showed they were hungry by posting a 1.13 ( +20 ) rating—the highest in the team—in Katowice .
shox at Gfinity Spring Masters 1 , where they put in another solid performance
shox went on to string three very solid tournaments at Gfinity 2015 Spring Masters 1 ( 1.20 , +45 ) , SLTV Starseries XII Finals ( 1.08 , +16 ) , and ESL Pro League Winter 2014/15 Finals ( 1.07 , +11 ) , the two first ones which their team ended up winning in their new jersey .
CCS Kick-off Season Finals and DreamHack Tours 2015 were the other side of the coin , though , and shox would struggle to find good form and ended up with ratings of 0.79 ( -33 ) and 0.90 ( -12 ) , the lowest ratings on the team in both occasions with the team placing 4th and 2nd respectively .
Their old form started to come back and shox 's next three events got incrementally better , ending up in a prodigious Gfinity 2015 Summer Masters 1 . The first was Gfinity 2015 Spring Masters 2 , in which they were 3rd in the team with a 1.02 ( +10 ) rating although the team as a whole ended up no farther than in 5th-6th place .
Next up were the SLTV StarSeries VIII Finals , in which shox posted the first of two best-in-team performances ( 1.16 , +40 ) leading nV to a second place , followed by an MVP performance at Gfinity Summer Masters—his best event of the year—thanks to a whopping 1.24 ( +71 ) across 12 maps which lead their team to victory .
ESL ESEA Pro League Season 1 Finals was another event in which shox trembled a bit and was unable to maintain a high consistency , as they ended up with a 0.91 ( -10 ) rating in their team 's 5th-6th place finish .
shox sitting very close to Titan at ESWC
shox 's last event was ESWC 2015 , an event in which the team was all but broken up . That did n't stop shox from giving it their all and ending up with a season high rating of 1.27 ( +42 ) .
After ESWC , a double swap of which shox would get the short end of went down , and our hero would end up trading spots with kennyS once again .
Titan played the ESL One Cologne qualifier and made it through to the big event , the first with the newly acquired duo , shox and SmithZz . shox did it again , they posted the highest rating on their team at a major ( 1.04 , +1 ) , but was the only one to have a score above 1 ( Mathieu `` Maniac '' Quiquerez was second with 0.93 ) , which resulted in the team floundering in only two maps .
shox still did well despite the circumstances in Slovenia
Gaming Paradise rolled around , a tournament not really worth mentioning , but shox did manage a 1.25 rating , the 3rd highest in the tournament , and a positive 54 kill-death difference .
ESL ESEA Dubai Invitational 2015 was another one of shox 's low points of the year , with a year-low 0.78 rating and a negative 19 kdd , and definitely be categorized as a poor event . It would be shox 's worst , in fact , but the countdown to the next major was already running , and therefore it was time for our hero to show up again .
nV watch shox on the big screen in Cluj-Napoca
After going through major qualifiers again , Titan found themselves through , and were headed to Cluj-Napoca this time . While Cédric `` RpK '' Guipouy was able to post a decent 1.07 rating , it was n't enough help for shox's—once again—team high rating at a major of 1.12 ( +6 ) , and the team fell out in the group stage .
Titan 's last event of the year , CEVO Professional Season 8 Finals , came around and the team ended in a modest 3rd-4th place , with shox ending the year on a fairly even note , 1.01 ( 0 ) .
shox in Columbus , Ohio for CEVO S8 Finals
Why are they the 13th best player of 2015 ?
shox was the 9th highest rated player of the year , with a 1.09 . However , they also had some consistency issues , with CCS and ESL ESEA Dubai being two particularly bad tournaments out of a total of four in the red .
Having the highest rating on their team at every major was certainly also a huge booster for shox . However , they did n't leave a huge mark at many of the biggest tournaments they participated in , even if they did play well in most of them . Instead , their best performances came at less prestigious events like Gfinity Summer Masters , SLTV StarSeries XIII Finals and ESWC .
Another big statistic for shox is the fact that when they get a kill , their teams win 71 % of the rounds , putting them 3rd in the world in this category .
One of the keys to shox , and something that has made them a truly top performer for so many years in a row is their versatility . Ranking 13th in opening kills ( 435 ) and as the 8th player with the most clutch rounds won ( 61 ) they are also above average in kills per round with pistols and rifles and is barely below average with the AWP , which on top of being the 14th player with most headshots per round ( 0.36 ) means they can open rounds , close rounds , play with all weapons , and puts bullets where they want them—quite often in their rivals ' domes .
What did you think of shox 's 2015 ? Would you have ranked them differently ? Let us know what you think in the comments below .
Stay tuned to our Top 20 players of 2015 ranking powered by EGB.com and keep track of the list over at the Introduction article .
